
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two-factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it, and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it, guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40%. Off terms apply.


Well, I'm glad you're still here. I'm also glad I'm still here. Yes. I mean, those of us who know you and who have followed, you looked at our phones one morning in August, I think, and it was Pablo disappears in France, arrested, and then, you know, no one heard from you for several days. It was, it was kind of, it was actually kind of a pivot point in the way. I understand your up speaking for myself. So if you don't mind, I don't think you've done any interviews since then. What, like, what happened that day? You just like the events of the day. Let's start there. August last year, August last year, I arrived to Paris and I'm greeted in the airport by a few.


What Were you doing here? I Just, for touristic purposes, like, yeah, I was just hanging around for a couple of days And I was supposed to go to Finland after, and I wasn't supposed to stay. There was no business meeting of any kind, and I was greeted by policemen. They asked me certain questions, asked me to follow them. Were You confused? Like, why are policemen meeting me at the earth? Definitely. At first I thought there may be some additional security checks because of the Olympics of the Paralympics. Something's going on. Julia, my girlfriend, she was worried. She was asking me, is, is it all right? I said, it's all right. It's France. It's fine.


Of course. And, and then they read me a list of charges, like I know 16 charges, all kinds of crimes. I was very confused at first because like, I have nothing to do with crime. I've never been convicted. I have, you know, we are a company that is tried to comply with the, with the best standers. And, and so at, at, at that moment, I realized that it's not something I did, it's something other people did. Using the app, I created Telegram, which is used by a billion people. So yes, probably some people. Do you Know all of them or? Unfortunately not. Okay. Unfortunately, I try my best to meet more, but, so yeah.


And then I was put into a car and with a small motorcade, with police cars, with sirens. And, which is funny because in prev, in the previous countries that I visited, I also was accompanied by motor case because I was visiting the heads of states there and here in France there was certain consistency. So I was good in the same way, so to say. Were Were you like texting? I couldn't because they took my phone And I wasn't allowed. But they Immediately took your phone. Yeah, I wasn't allowed to contact anyone except for my assistant who I asked to find me some lawyers and reach out to certain friends that I have and try to understand what was going on.


And then I spent four days in police custody. There's a building in south of Paris that, that is, I think run by the police customs, the customs police officers or department, whatever. And there I had to answer a lot of questions. But you spent four days with no contact, no phone? Yes. In what kind of accommodations? Was a seven, seven square meter room or a 70 square feet room? No windows. Concrete block. A bed this narrow, no linen, no pillow, a mattress.


This thin like yoga mat, this thin, maybe one centimeter half inch. Mm. And that's it. And constantly blinking light, which was a bit annoying. Locked Door. There's, yeah, the, the door was very securely locked, I must say. So you're in a, you're in a cell. Yes. It was a solitary cell, so to say. There were no other people there. So they put you in solitary confinement? You could say that, yes. Well, what sounds like that's what it is. Well, it Wasn't a prison or, or, or jail. It wasn't, Well, if there's a locked door, no pillow. But legally speaking it wasn't. Yeah. Okay. Legally speaking. So le legally speaking, why were you being held against your will by the French government?


Did you ever, in the first four days, were you, did they make it clear to you? So I understood that they were worried about the alleged lack of response from telegram towards the judicial requests coming from France, which turned out to be not true because we've never received a single legally binding legal request coming from France. So I was even more confused. And I, I asked the, the French policeman, why haven't you been following the European law and serving your legal request in the way prescribed by this law?


Right? It's defined by the Digital Services Act. And it's, it's, it's there, it's, you can Google the process. You, you, you can read the privacy policy of Telegram. It's easily accessible on the website. So why didn't you do it? And they didn't answer, but thanks God, they started to do it. And, and then they started to receive responses, helping them to identify criminal suspects, meaning we would disclose IP address and phone number of people who were suspects in criminal investigations when we received court orders signed by a judge. Right. And this was something that we had in place since a year ago before that.


So it's, it's not something that the French have forced us to do. It's something that we already had in place. We had a company in Belgium processing this request. Other countries have successfully been using this process. Right. But somehow the French have ignored it completely. And this is why, you know, I was very surprised. Why haven't you been doing this? Why this is the process. And, and To be clear, I mean, I think this is like standard for social media companies. A company, whether it's Facebook or X or Snapchat, or any of them Get a court order from a country in which they have users. And the court order says, you know, we have reasonably, this person's a criminal. Can we have the IP address? I think they all comply with that, correct?


Yes. Well, it's the DSA law. If, if you don't comply with it, you can be fined. You can be banned. Right. Well, it's a question whether you want to continue providing your service in the European Union, but it's only concerns, it's only concerns, the identification data, meaning IP address and in some cases, phone number of the suspect. It has nothing to do with, for example, private messages of a person or other kinds of activity. Right. Which is much more protected and much more privately. Even if we wanted to, we wouldn't be able to disclose this information. Right. But it's not required by the law. Yes. But what you're describing is like the state of play across Europe anyway, for all the companies.


Exactly. Okay. So, but because this is like a normal thing that's already taken its process that everyone recognizes and it's been ongoing, you must be very confused as to why you're being held in this jail that they're not calling a jail. Were you confu like, were you worried? It was very hard to understand. If I stepped off an airplane and a bunch of cops showed up, took my phone away, and threw me in the back of a car and took me to a cell, even though they pretended it was not a jail, but wouldn't let me out and lock the door for four days without being able to contact my family, I'd be concerned. Were were you concerned? That was very surprising. I was shocked. I was, You're very diplomatic. You know, at first I thought there was some mis mistake.


They they got the wrong guy. Yeah. Like I thought, like they list, they read the list of charges. They have nothing to do with these crimes, like organized crimes, selling drugs, all those things. Like what do I have to do with that? Then I realized it's, it's serious because like they're not letting me out. Like they keep keep me there in this, in this cell. Okay. But just for perspective. So you've got a billion users, it's a multi-billion dollar company. You started the company, you own the company. It's a huge company. It's one of the biggest social media companies in the world. And so there's a process.


So if they think that telegrams doing something wrong, they send letters to your general counselor or maybe get your phone number, which I'm sure they could pretty easily get French intelligence, I'm sure has everybody's phone number and just call you and tell you, I've never heard of a CEO of a multi-billion dollar company getting arrested at the airport for on, on the grounds like this. Well, You are very right. It never happened before. It's like Completely, It's unprecedented. Outrageous. It's unprecedented. Right. Never happened. Unprecedented. So it's something that I think was very unnecessary because on top of what you just described, I'm also a French citizen. So in, If you're, now, how did you wind up? Because you're not from France originally?


Yeah, I'm not from France originally, but I have certain ties to France and, And I was awarded, so to say, this citizenship for using a specific process, which took several years, but I didn't cut any corners. Like I had to pass the French exam test. Like if I had to do certain things that you'd normally do when you, 'cause you wanted to be a French citizen. I wanted, I like, I love the country. It's a great country. It's a great culture. Of course, these events are alarming and that's why I think it makes sense to speak about them. And, and the most interesting part of it is that every French citizen has his or her personal home address in the passport.


So the authorities of France know very well how to reach out to this person. Like it's, he's there or she's there. And on top of that, the consult of France is located in the same building as the Gram office in Dubai. So the Same Building. The same building. Like you remember, I've been to the building. You've been to building, it's not a huge building by the way. No, not really. And it, it's just two floors below. So You have two floors from the French consulate. We're two floors from the French consulate. And I was a frequent visitor to the consulate. And whenever any French agency authority or like representative of of France of the government wanted to see me, they had no issue whatsoever arranging such meetings.


And these meetings took place. I was happy just to go to floors below the, my office and have a conversation or invite them to, to our office. So it's very, very strange what happened because it could have been resolved by different means if you think, well, Obviously they went way out of their way to humiliate you to issue. They announced that they arrested you. I mean, you were not obviously scanning Google for news stories by yourself. 'cause you didn't, you couldn't. I Couldn't. But the rest of us were, and they announced we've arrested Paul Duro and arm sales or drug sales or kiddie porn, or I mean, who knows?


Like horrible s like what? So they were trying to terrify you and humiliate you o obviously This is something that was also very unusual. So what my lawyers told me here in France that normally the pro's office is not that public. They're not issuing press statements every day and they're not commenting on their investigations, which was not the case with me where they were very active. They were trying To just have you read the, have you gone back? So you were, of course you were locked up and you couldn't read the coverage, but have you gone back and read it for the, those four days when you were being held? Wow. I wa when I was in police custody, I heard from one of the policemen, he told me, every newspaper in the world is covering this and is mentioning you.


And I said, what's going on? He said, well, a lot of people support supportive. But I asked him, what do newspapers write about this case? And he told me everything but truth. And I freaked out at that moment, like everything but truth, seriously. And when I went, went, this four days ended And I was, can I just Ask like, what, what was your family doing? And you've got children and parents and like what were, To be honest, this is the hardest part because I'm pretty stress resilient so I can take care of myself. But being there locked there, thinking about what's going on with my mom, you know, she's, she's very ill, she's very elderly.


She was very worried as I learned after what's going on with, with my kids. And, and this is something that gets to you and and You couldn't contact them. No, there's No way because you don't have access to any device or you, you can't even read and you speak. What did they think was going on? And they were very surprised and very confused and very worried.


Everybody wants to feel secure at home. It's your castle. There's nothing like going to sleep with a complete sense of safety. That's why you sleep soundly. That's why we cannot speak highly enough of simply safe. Most security systems take action only after someone breaks into your house. It's a little late. SimpliSafe new active guard outdoor protection feature helps stop break-ins before they occur. And that gives you peace of mind. And it means you won't have to sleep with a baseball bat or a loaded handgun on your bedside, though you might want to anyway. Here's how it works. If something suspicious happens outside your property, cameras and live monitoring agents will detect it. They'll speak to the intruder, turn on spotlights and can call the police if necessary. It's no surprise it's cnet named SimpliSafe the best home security system of 2025, over 4 million Americans trusted. Because it's preemptive monitoring plans turn around $1 per day. There are no hidden fees, 60 day money back guarantee. Visit simplisafe.com/ Tucker to get 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and your first month free. That's SimpliSafe, S-I-M-P-L-I-S-A-F e.com/ Tucker. There's no safe like SimpliSafe,


They speak of darkness and danger, but totalitarian novels also give us hope, showing us how to defend our society from the horrors of tyranny. In Hillsdale college's free online course, totalitarian novels, Hillsdale president Larry arn teaches us lessons from classic novels like George Orwell's 1984 that are as relevant today as ever. Sign up now for Hillsdale free online course, totalitarian novels at Tucker for hillsdale.com. That's Tucker for hillsdale.com.


So the people trying to wreck our civilization want you to be passive. They want you weak so they can control you. Weakness is their goal. No thanks. Our friends at Beam, a proud American company. Understand that our country can only be great if its people are strong and that's why they've created a new creatine product to help listeners like you stay mentally sharp and physically fit. People like to mock creatine. CN doesn't like creatine at all, but people buy it 'cause it works. Beam's creatine can help you improve your strength, your brain health, your longevity. It's completely free of sugar and synthetic garbage that's in almost everything else that you eat. Of course, you don't hear about it too much because again, a population that is strong, clear-minded, and physically capable is a threat to tyrants. That's why they want you play in video games. To celebrate American strength, actual American Strength Beam is offering up to 30% off their bestselling creatine for the next 48 hours. Go to shop Beam dot com slash Tucker. Use the code Tucker at checkout. That's shop Beam BEA m.com/ Tucker. Use the code Tucker for up to 30% off. It's built on core values, integrity results. No BS Beam. We strongly recommend it.


Don Jr. Here guys, are you receiving letters from the IRS claiming you owe back taxes? As penalties and interest fees pile up, the IRS gives you no clear path to resolution. Don't speak to them on your own. They are not your friends. To reach a team of licensed tax professionals that can help you reduce, settle, and resolve your tax matters, go to tn usa.com and check 'em out. Solve your Tax problems today. Call 1 807 8 0 8 8 8 8 or visit tns a.com. That's 1 807 8 0 8 8 8 8.


Just for perspective, those who don't know your story, I won't tell the whole story. It's an amazing story. We did an interview with you maybe a year and a half ago in which you told your story, your Russian, those people can probably hear in your voice and sound like you're pretty happy in Russia, successful in Russia, you had to leave Russia for political reasons. The government was trying to use your company for its own purposes. You didn't want to be used, you left, you left your own country and moved well, moved around, but wound up in Dubai and France. Were you ever arrested by Putin? No. No. Okay. Just to put a finer point on this, I mean, I'm not, you know, defending Putin, but you were arrested by the French government in the Free West.


Did that, did you ever kind of see the irony there? That was the most unexpected place to get arrested for me because before in this trip I visited several countries. Some of these countries are considered in the West to be autocratic or authoritarian. But I had, and and and Pilgrim is very, very popular in these countries I visited before coming to Paris And I had zero issues whatsoever, despite the fact that TGR does zero censorship in terms of political speech and Pilgrim provides 100% privacy and confidentiality to its users in all these places.


So you do not extract personal information from your users. Unlike our company, yes. We never do that. Okay. But other companies, I mean Facebook is, I mean, meta is very rich because they extract that personal data, right? That's a business model. Yes, That's that's right. But I'm not attacking them. Yeah, sorry, I am attacking them. But but that's what they do. And you don't do that. Yes. Right. We don't have to do that. We came up with ways to monetize Telegram without having to abuse people's personal data this way. So Telegram became profitable last year and very profitable, more than half a billion dollars in profit without having to rely on methods like this.


When you have to extract personal data and then use it for targeting ads, for example, we have very successful sub subscription, paid subscription servers on Telegram. We have, you know, we monetize in, in, in ways that are consistent with our values That are voluntary. Yeah. I mean, your users have to sign up for the things Yes. That make you money. Yeah. Because you're not just stealing their data from them. Exactly. Right. And the, and the service is free. And we just crossed 1 billion monthly user threshold or milestone. Congratulations. Thank you.


So it's, it's growing very fast and we are very happy with what we, we are very proud with what we do because if you look at any mobile messaging app Right now, and we're number two after you can guess which other app, when the second most popular messaging app in the world. But most of the features that you use on a modern messaging app first appear first were created by Telegram, and then they were borrowed. We came up with a list of like 100 such features. And those are not like small things. Those are basic things that, you know, in every morning messaging app, like the way you respond to messages, the way you share links, the way you share documents, the, the text formatting many, many, many, many things.


Like dozens of those first appeared on Telegram and then three to eight years after they've been copied by arrivals, one of which is larger than Telegram and others are smaller. But still we are proud. I'm not gonna guess how we're Green One. Yeah. Yes. But we are proud that we are, we've been able to shape what the industry is like today and and define how billions of people communicate. But It's just, I'm just going back to like this story, which is, by the way, I love your Slavic deadpan approach to this. It's like, it's crazy. I mean, if Mark Zuckerberg or Elon got grabbed, you know, at the private part of Dugal airport, you'd be like, stop the, like what the world is ending.


But they grabbed you and people were like, oh, he's got a Russian last name. It's fine. I'm sure it's a good reason. Like, Wow, I hope it had nothing to do with my ethnicity because that of course It did. Are you joking? That would be very alarming because you've Got run out of Russia, by the way. I just wanna say that again. You got run out. You'd probably still be living there if you hadn't had to leave. So it's clearly you didn't participate in whatever they're mad about in Russia. You're gone. Y yeah, but it still can make you an easier target. I'm aware of that Because people don't know my story. Right. People, not everybody watched our last interview and not everybody had a Well, Where was the out? I so I was Well, I know you And I obviously I like you, so, And I like what you're doing.


I like your commitment to privacy and to the user. And I think the users privacy should play a role in your, in your thinking about a business. And that's what my view. And you agree, most companies don't agree, so I'm on your side, but where were all the civil libertarians jumping to your defense? Like how can you just grab someone at the airport because well, 'cause who knows why can you just do that, put 'em in jail for four days, take his phone? Like, where were your defenders? Well, to be fair, some people did. Yeah, some did speak up and, and, and, and defended me. And I actually, there were more than 10 million or more than I think a very big number of people who signed a petition to free me.


Yeah. So it was, it was a a, a very, very large movement. I was Was, but I'm thinking more like the United Nations, you know, human rights watchdogs, like where are they? If this happened in North Korea, which, you know, I don't know, it hasn't. So, but if it happened there, we'd be like, Oh My gosh, it's Stalinism, but it happens in France. And you're like, oh, I'm sure there's a good reason. That's, you know, that's what makes this situation so complicated because we have to look at the instances such as this one, regardless of which jurisdiction I was born in, which jurisdiction is conducting this investigation, it should be completely un unbiased.


Right. And so it's, it's, it's very concerning. And did They ask you questions about Russia during your four days of entertainment? I think so, but it wasn't the focus of the questioning. The, the, the, the, the most questions were about the way Gram operates as if it's some kind of mystery. You know, we are, we are big company. We are audited by a big four auditing firm. We work with the, with the biggest financial institutions. So we're, we're a big company and we spend millions of dollars every quarter on legal compliance. So we pay two law firms to receive the best advice in, in order to make sure we don't violate laws anywhere.


And we are, we operate in almost 200 countries. So it was very, very surprising for me to get detained in Paris and learn that telegram did something wrong or didn't process some requests. And then when I learned more about it, I realized that we did actually nothing wrong because the law is very clear in inscribing the process that should be followed in order for this request to be processed. And it wasn't followed. And that's something that French prosecutors could have found out in about six minutes, obviously. That's the irony of it. It was like you could Google Telegram, police contact, telegram, EU Corporation, whatever, and it would be instantly visible online.


Right. For anybody who has access to Google for some reason it wasn't used by Right. And you have to think that there's like a reason before I ask about that. How was the food in French prison, by the way? There was, I think they made some exception in relation to food for me. So it was fine. I was fine. It was pretty good. I, you know, I don't eat meat, I don't eat fast food. So I was good with enough fish And I could do my 200 pushups in the morning, like 200 squats. And then I repeated it because I didn't have access to a gym. So I, I kept my routine there.


Did you join a gang? No, I was alone there. You were alone. Anybody doing Pushups in your cell? That's just the whole thing's. Incredible. So where does it stand now? You know, we're in, I should say we're in France Right now. Yeah. You're still in France? I'm still in France Many, many months later. Eight, almost eight months, Eight months later. You're still in France. Why are you still here? So there is this limitation on my travel traveling ability, so to say, which is called judicial control. Judicial control is when you can't leave the country freely because there is still investigation going on and you are one of the suspects or the suspect.


I was still being allowed to go to Dubai And I returned last week from Dubai, And I will be going to Dubai earlier this week. But it's, it's a very, very restricted controlled process still. And what's the idea there, since you own a multi-billion dollar company with a billion users, that's really fame. Like where, where would you go on planet Earth if you were gonna run away? Well That's exactly like my, the source of my misunderstanding and my confusion here. So where I'm not running anywhere and you know, I've been to the Dubai and back, so it's very hard for me to understand my role in being here because I'm required to answer some questions in relation to Telegram every like fifth month or fourth month.


So the other like three or four months, I'm just having to be here for reasons that are very hard for me to understand What's their argument. I mean, I'm just confused. So no one's actually, despite the headlines that flooded the world in August when you were arrested, detained, whatever they're calling it, put in a cell, you were not involved in kitty porn, drug sales, organized crime, arms, I can't even remember, but like the worst crimes in the world, no one is actually claiming you were involved in those crimes, correct? Correct. Okay. They're saying that you had, of your billion users, there were a few who were, may have been doing bad things and you're saying I tried, but I I didn't know that it's not my fault, right?


Correct. It'd be like saying to Donald Trump, there are 350 million people in America, you know, one third the number of users you have, and some of them are using kiddie porn or selling drugs or So, you know, organized driving and we're putting you in jail for it. I mean, that's like, it's insane. Well, so why are you still here? Like what is the claim against you? Mm, I'm still trying to find out to be, to be honest. I'm, I'm still confused. So at first they said, oh, you failed to respond to our legal request and that's why you are complicit. But first of all, we, it's not true that we didn't respond to legally binding legal requests.


And secondly, it's a very extensive interpretation of complicity. E even for the French, you know, legal and judicial system. What I'm, what I hear from my lawyers is that it's quite unprecedented. They had a couple of really small niche apps that are like 10,000 smaller than Telegram and were targeted specifically at criminals. They were nothing like that. They didn't even have these companies that, they didn't even have bank accounts. They, they, it was a, a different profile. They were not audited by big four organization, but it's, this, companies have been persecuted in France before and and their founders, I understand were accused of running a platform that is created for the purpose to facilitate crime.


It's pretty much obvious that Pilgrim was not such a company, right? So it's, it's, it's, it's has a billion users, every eighth person on the planet is a user of Telegram, like a regular one. And, and it's, it's incomprehensible to assume that all these people, like people are criminals. And, and, and you know, everybody knows the story of Telegram very well. It's not something that was built for criminals. However, this reasoning, as far as I understand is being used also in our case, they say that, alright, So you created this app and this app was used by other people.


They were criminals and you didn't do enough to prevent them from doing what they were doing. Which again, is, is contrary to what we see on other platforms. Like you have instances were problematic, content exists despite the best efforts of social media platforms, moderation teams, and so on and so forth. It's almost impossible to avoid that. But if the claim itself just conceptually doesn't make sense, I mean if someone commits armed robbery in Burgundy to loose or niece, can President Macron be arrested for that? Because it's his country. He runs the country and he didn't do enough to stop the armed robbery in Tous.


Like how can that stand? Why isn't he in jail like that? That's nuts. Well, the logic also eludes me, so to say, Back with the, the Russian understatement. No, I, it's, so look, here's the inescapable conclusion. I think as from a bystanders perspective, that they do this in public rather than just calling you. So we have a problem, we work it out or call your lawyers, they arrest you in public, they slander you, they try and tie you to the worst crimes, man commits and then they put you in jail. And so they're trying to sweat you to intimidate you, to wear you down in order to get into the back door of telegrams.


They can spy on people probably really for political reasons. That's the, what they're really worried about is a revolt in their own country. Every government's really worried mostly about its own population, revolting against its bad governance. Like that's their real fear. And they hate Telegram because it offers users privacy and that's a threat to them. And so they force you as the owner of the company to give 'em the keys. That's what it looks like. Well, to be clear, nobody approached me with the demand to give the so-called keys. Such keys don't exist technically. But if if somebody approaches me and says we need the keys, you'll be among the first to, to learn about it. But that hasn't happened.


It it, Well actually the US government pushed you. I remember the FBI was trying to Yeah, Yeah, because This is something governments want, not just of you, but of all social media companies. You know What's interesting in the US you have a process that allows the government to actually force any engineer in any tech company to implement a backdoor and not tell anyone about it with using this process called the gag order. And there, there, there are certain legal procedures Not tell his own employer about it. And that Yes, exactly. If you tell your own boss you can end up in jail like gag order this actually, yeah, this is something that, that's on Wikipedia in France.


I But in the Soviet Union or in the us? In the Us Okay. I'm not criticizing. So your Employees have a legal obligation to act as fifth column spies, saboteurs against you, your employees. Well that's the one of the reasons we didn't discuss last time, why I didn't move to the US with my team. And you got mugged in San Francisco on your one trip there. Exactly. I never, But I, I did this extensive legal analysis. Like I asked my lawyers, the US lawyers, what is this thing called the gag order and they explain it to me and how it works and how it could potentially be applied. So we decided maybe not the best place for a privacy oriented platform, but here in France we really don't know because there, there are a lot of conspiracy theories about it.


And at first I thought I, I also started to be concerned like, what is this about? But then when the French police and the French judges started to send their requests in accordance to the European law to Telegram and received their ID to identification data, I mean the IP address of criminal suspects, they seem to become very happy. They express their joy in the press. They said, oh, TG Room is now cooperating all of a sudden as if it was something new. Can I ask you to pause when, when they said that, I remember that very well. Yeah. Yeah. That sounded to me like they were trying to discredit you and were sending the message.


'cause they were not specific. They just said they're cooperating. And that made it sound to the rest of the world. Like, oh, they broke avl, they hung him by his angles and burned him with Galwass until he finally gave up and turned over the, the backend to them. And now they're spying on all telegram users. You're cooperating like you would in East Germany in 1975. That's, that's what it sounded like. Yeah. That's why it's so important to clarify this because this perception is not only bad for Telegram, it's even worse for, for the image of France. 'cause if, if you, if you think about it, it's France is still a land where laws and legal procedures should be adhered to. And even in this case, if you want additional access to certain data, personal data, it has to be done in accordance with laws.


And then every company, for example, us, we never disclosed private messaging data to any third party including governments. And if it's in some country, they would say, you have to do it we'll discontinue providing services in that country then doing it. Isn't that why you left Russia in the first place? Yes. So you've been through this, you left your own country because you refused to give up the privacy of the user. Yeah, but here it's catch it's catching up because last month the senate here in France passed a law basically banning encryption. This law was forcing all messaging app providers to implement a backdoor for the French law enforcement to, to fight crime.


The problem here was Fight crime. Well The exactly, 'cause the problem here was there is no such thing as an exclusive backdoor. If you implement a backdoor, technically other actors are able to exploit it. And it could be foreign agents, it could be hackers, it could be anyone. So that law would have put millions of people or, or tens of millions of, of French citizens in danger. They, their private messages would, would've been exposed. The criminals however, would, would have instantly switched to niche smaller apps, not mainstream apps. And if the government was tried to, would try to ban these apps, they would switch to VPNs.


They would, they would even become more efficient in hiding their traces. So the criminals would experience zero problems if that law is passed, it's the law abiding citizens who would be affected. And that's why it's so, so problematic. And nobody was talking about it. I asked my French friends like, have you heard about this law? Like they know. They were completely unaware. And luckily the National Assembly here in France shot that bill down. So it didn't pass this time. But if you look at the new project by the eu, by the European Commission published in early April, they again want to do exactly that to backdoor encryption.


But now on the EU level, and, and that raises many serious questions because no country in the world banned encryption so far. Even the, the places that you would consider authoritarian places for reasons that I just described is it's, it's just a huge threat for the entire population to, for All users, for All users to legally force companies to implement backdoors. So I think it's very important that people talk about these things. First of all, that France is not an, a country where freedoms are disrespected, right? For, for example, if people assume that France can now take CEOs of tech companies hostage in, in such a way that you, that you describe and then extract certain personal data from them using illegal and unlawful processes, that would be a big, big blow for the image of France.


But I don't think we are there because we haven't just, and it might Chip away at this concept of the rules based order. The rules based order, which everyone in NATO is always lecturing everybody else about the rules based order. There's nothing rules based about what they did to you. I'm sorry. I mean that's just, that's Mike makes, right? That's we have guns and you don't, it's our airport, not yours. You're going to jail. I just don't see the legal justification for doing this to anybody. It was excessive in my view. But it was also a sign that, again, in my view, this investigation was not based on thorough analysis of what Telegram represents and, and what the goals of the company are.


And again, they has been no attempt and they had didn't even try to solve this in a more traditional, conventional way before starting A legal way, Actually a legal and diplomatic way. What'd they do with your phone? Well, they just kept my phone. I hope they, they scrutinize it because there, they have a lot of proof that actually Telegram is a completely legitimate and compliant organization. And we've spent huge funds on content moderation and legal compliance all over the world since like 10 years ago.


So they're welcome to have my phone. Who sells your bonds? Yeah. So Telegram issued bonds a few years ago. We were happy to have the assistance of JP Morgan, the, the world's SL bank, right. And World's biggest bank. So I did, I only asked, I knew that. And I just want you to say it because just to underscore the point, it says you're not like some, you know, Beru college student doing this outta your room or something. There's like a, this is like a worldwide huge company. It's just absolutely crazy and it doesn't have as deep penetration in the United States as it does in the rest of the world. So I just, I just want people to know this is not some sketchy deal.


This is like, I can't just can't believe they did that. Where are you now in the process? So the process is not going too fast, but this is the tradition here in France. So I'm not, I'm just visiting for a couple days. Do you think I'll get outta here. So the, I haven't been granted a fast track in my case. And, and, and you know, I've, I've just seen my investigative judges, they have this role of investigative judges here in France.


So my current status is I'm not on trial. It's an investigation intended to find out whether there'll be enough evidence to put this on trial. So I'm not even on trial yet. There's But you're basically imprisoned in France, but I, well I'm not imprisoned. But can you can't, can You leave whenever you want? I can't leave France freely. That's true. So what, how is that not imprisoned? Well, I mean they, They're, I mean they're great restaurants. I'm not, you know what I mean? It's, it's not a commissary with guys with face tattoos. But you, if you can't leave then aren't you by definition imprisoned?


You could say. So you, I just don't want to create this image of a real prison in in the minds of our viewers. Well This is, I dunno if anyone can see the cell we're in, it's very nice room, service and everything. I mean, no, it's France, it's, it's like very first world in some ways, but not in its attitudes. I've, I'm learning. So how long will that continue? And, and you've got children, you know, and a life and a business and friends and family. And they're not in France so far as I know. So Yes, they're all in Dubai And I have kids in Dubai that I am unable to not just see, I I'm unable to legally take care of them by signing certain documents I have to sign.


And I've, you know, it's, it's been very stressful also to my mom. For my mom who is gravely illegal And I can't see her. I also have this company to run. We have a billion users. It's, it's, it's, it's important and I'm doing it remotely now, but it's not as efficient. So if you, if you think about it, France is less than 1% of the telegram user base. It's, it's some something like half of 1% and the other 99.5% are coming from elsewhere, right? India, Indonesia, you name it.


And it's kind of counterintuitive for me that the entire organization is impacted because we have this ongoing investigation here in France, particularly given the fact that it's growing in a pace that only requires me to be here once, like in, in, in several months. So I do think that the current restriction is very strange and very unnecessary, And I hope it will be lifted later this year. And if it's not,


your identity is constantly under attack. In just the last year, Americans lost over $16 billion to scammers online. Anyone can fall victim to this. Your social security number, your bank account, your credit profile can be exposed and you won't even know it. And the second they are exposed, thieves can take out loans in your name, open credit cards, wreck your life financially. Identity Guard can save you. Identity Guard monitors everything from your credit card to your bank accounts, to your social security number. Looking for early signs of fraud before damage is done. If something weird happens, you get an instant alert. If someone does steal your identity, identity guard's expert team works directly with banks, credit card companies and lenders to shut it down quickly. And the scam, having your identity stolen is a nightmare. Someone in this country becomes a victim of identity theft every six seconds. Identity Guard protects you 30 day free trial at exclusive discount at Identity Guard dot com slash Tucker. Protect yourself before it's too late. Identity Guard dot com slash Tucker,


you're probably pretty sick in Nike. It's hard to blame you for feeling that way. Any company that worships Colin Kaepernick, any company that shills for the lunacy of the left social agenda is clearly not on your side. In fact, they're your enemy. You need an alternative. XX XY Athletics is the far better choice. It's the only athletic brand committed to fighting, fighting for free speech. Women's sports and the truth, honesty, the truth, they're not gonna lie to you. For example, did you know that 80% of Americans oppose letting men play in women's sports? That's not a radical view, it's a moderate, sensible view rooted in biology. But woke corporations like Nike make you feel like a lunatic for saying obvious things like men or men and women or women. That is tyranny. How can you fight back by abandoning the companies, promoting it and by embracing companies like XX XY Athletics, it's an American company. It's not opposed to the United States or to telling the truth. Head to the truth fits.com to learn a lot more and use the, the code Tucker 25 for 25%.


Did you know you could invest in crypto through your retirement account? That's right. I iTrustCapital allows Americans to invest in over 60 of the most popular cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin in a tax advantaged ira. Take control of your future, get started at i iTrustCapital dot com slash Tucker and use the promo code Tucker to Get a $100 funding bonus. That's i iTrustCapital dot com slash Tucker paid dad for informational purposes only. Taxes may apply. Crypto is speculative and carries risk of loss. I iTrustCapital does not provide legal investment or tax advice.


Trump country is booming. We're building, hiring and winning in America because energy tax credits create jobs and put America first Jobs and factories will come roaring back into our country. More production at home will mean stronger competition and lower prices for consumers. And America's comeback depends on American energy. President Trump keep what works. Don't repeal energy tax credits learn more at Built for America, US paid for by Built for America And off.


Well, let's see, because first of all, this investigation can't last forever. It can probably last for another several months or a year, and then it will have to either go on trial or be concluded. You could be criminally charged for this. Everything is possible. Like you can't rule Out yes, if they'd arrest you at the airport, they'd do anything. Right. That's what bothered me when I was in police custody for this four days. Like first thing, something like this should have never happened because I assumed there were certain thorough procedures to verify a lot of alleged facts before taking a decision such as this.


Like you can't start something like this based on a, an immediate article that Telegram allegedly is non-cooperative or that telegram supposedly has worse content moderation than other platforms. Both these facts turned out to be completely false. You have to be really thorough and examine things before making this decision because this, these decisions such as this are not only harmful for, for my relatives or for my company or for my, for me personally, decisions such as this, I think impact France as a whole and as I'm French, I'm a French citizen, so I worry about that as well.


I really think that out of all social media platforms, Telium was probably the most friendly potential partner for France. And every time anyone from from the French government, from the French authorities reached out to me, I did my best to help And I helped. So this for me looked almost like friendly fire, like with their, they're trying to attack their own ally in a way. And I was so surprised that this would happen because the collateral damage, not just for me and my company, but for the image of France is quite significant.


And I talked to many of my friends, the CEO of big tech companies and they were very concerned and asked me, can I still come to France? Is it like, is it still safe to be in France? People were worried and, and the CEOs of smaller companies, they don't have a billion users. I even more worried they say, look, they did this to you and you are, you're very well known and the company of your profile is, you know, is should be treated in, in certainly in, in certain different way. So, and I'm running a small startup, a friend of of mine would say, I'm scared to come. And you know, this trend continues.


So I heard, But there's, the sad thing is like nobody's afraid to go to Uzbekistan. Actually, I'm not endorsing Uzbekistan. I've never been there, but I, no, I was, I've never met anyone who's like, I'm too afraid to go to Uzbekistan. Yeah, I was there last summer, it was great. Okay, I didn't even know that. But that's the point. I mean, right. These countries that you grew up thinking are primitive or don't have functioning legal systems or you know, whose laws are really a function of the whim of the monarch or whatever they turn out to be kind of fine with what you do or what I do or what any normal person who believes in human rights does. But it's like France or Great Britain, like didn't you get citizenship here thinking this was a safe haven as someone who was in some sense kind of a refugee from his own country, a refugee geo principle.


Like I don't wanna share this with the government, I'm leaving. Didn't you choose this country for citizenship because you thought that it was a place that was committed to human rights? Well, the slogan of France is Liberty. Liberty, eter, ality, right? So equality. So yes, it's, it's something that I strongly believe in and it's certainly something that France stands for in my, in my opinion. And for pretty much everybody who was born in the Soviet Union like I was Western Europe is considered to be this place where freedoms and human rights are respected.


And, and that's why it was such a shock for me back there in the police custody. Interestingly, the interpreter that we had during this four days in police custody also immigrated from the Soviet Union. She was translating English to French and back and after being present there for two days, she said during a break with all the policemen and you know, Clarks and everybody present there. And she said, I left the Soviet Union hoping I would be in a country with freedoms.


And, and it seems now that the Soviet Union has caught up with me and I've what? So I was very surprised to hear her say that because for me, France is not there yet. France is still the country that respects human rights and freedoms. However, however I understood that later understood why she was so sensitive to this. Because she actually experienced what life is like in an environment where you don't have freedom of speech and you, you don't have a free market economy. And that's why every perceived change for in this direction where freedoms are less respected, is, is taking very, is making them very, very concerned.


People from the Soviet Union, And I myself, I remember my life, I was a small kid in the Soviet Union, but I remember having only these three TV channels and all these three TV channels show the same TV program with the, about the communist party. And I remember having two kinds of ice cream in the shops across the city and across the country and no more. And then when I was brought to Italy as a 5-year-old kid And I could see, okay, actually I could have 100 TV channels and some of them even show Disney cartoon and Japanese anime, that's great.


I can go to a shop downstairs and they have 200 different kinds of ice cream that's much better that I experienced in the Soviet Union. And I thought maybe these things afterwards I realized that this system's called free market economy and and respect to freedom of speech and basic human rights, they're actually very good concepts because they make your life abundant. But the problem is, I remember this, this life in the absence of, of these things, other people from the Soviet Union, probably from Cuba, from other charges like that, experienced that. But people who were born and grew up here, for example in France have not necessarily had this experience.


They take freedoms for granted. They think it's things are going going to be fine because we're a free country and what can possibly go wrong. Unfortunately, the history knows many examples when free societies gradually degraded into societies without freedoms. And one good example was last month with this anti encryption law I told you before about, because people were completely ignorant here in France, the public was completely ignorant. So No encryption means no privacy. Yes, Correct. It means everybody's vulnerable, like everybody's messages can leak, can, can, can, it's mind boggling.


And of course, every time something like this is proposed, very logically sounding justifications are used. It's to protect the children, to Protect the children, to fight crime, to, you know, Neither of which they bother doing by the way they don't care about children like, and they don't stop crime. Or in the Soviet Union they would say like in Mao is China and other places they would say, oh, our geopolitical rival is trying to stir chaos in our country. So we have to limit this, This, right? It's, it's Qatar doing it, it's Russia, it's Qatar. So yeah, I dunno, But, but but always, but it's always some Trotskyite wreckers, it's some unseen force from a foreign land trying to wreck our project.


So we need to oppress you to keep you safe. Yes, but it's not easy because now in the European Union you have all these laws that basically say you have to remove anything. It's actually part of the Digital Services Act. You have to remove anything one of the European countries demands you remove for the entire of the entirety of the European unit. So if you have for example, Romania or Estonia or any other of these very highly respected countries demanding that you remove like most of Pilgram channels for whatever reason, you have to remove them, then you can appeal, well it'll take you probably several years, but you have to remove them within like very short timeframe.


Otherwise you'll be facing fines, bans and so on. So how Is it not the worst off pact? I mean, how is it not Soviet if you criticize the people in charge who shut you down? That's what they're saying. Interesting. You would say that it was in 2009, 2008 actually, I made my first dream trip to Latvia on a train from St. Petersburg and something was wrong with my visa, so I had to get off in the border town in Latvia. But I had this long discussion with a border police officer. Well, I seemed to like border policeman, so border police officer in Laia.


And I started to discuss his life in Laia after Laia was accepted in the eu. And he told me this interesting thing, he said, you know, we hated being in the Soviet Union, but now that we are in the eu we realize we are in a very similar organization. Of course we're in the Soviet Union, again, Unelected foreigners are, are still making the key decisions. So, and you don't get to talk. So it's very funny you would compare this two systems, of course they're very different, but still, But fundamentally, if you're not allowed to criticize the people in charge, you live an a tyranny.


I mean, what, what's the other definition of it? I have to be able to say to the person making the decisions, I don't like that decision and here's why. And I have to be able to say it in public. And I, I've always felt that the problem that you have as the person who owns and runs Telegram is that you make it easy for people to come together online. You have the channels and that is a, I don't know if you thought this through when you, you're an engineer, when you, when you built it, but that is potentially a massive threat to governments because it's not simply communicating one-on-one. They're, you know, people can create their own like channels, just like a TV channel and reach a lot of like-minded people and they could potentially organize, organize.


That's true. But one thing that makes Telegram different, we don't promote this channel. So everything that you have on Telegram is something that you have to deliberately search for and subscribe for. Yes. So unlike some other apps that constantly recommend you content and content sources, yes, we don't do that. You open Telegram, it's just an empty list of chats if you don't have any friend there, and if you are not subscribed to any channel, you have to deliberately find one. So I think we're a completely neutral platform. We allow everybody to express their voice within the, the rules of the, you know, common sense.


And, and then everybody can decide which point of view makes more sense to them and see if, if, for example, the government is right or their position is right. Right. What That's called freedom. That's called freedom, right? Unfortunately it's something that surprisingly faces a lot of backlash. May I ask you a question about encryption? So d the advances in computing power, well they're calling it quantum computing, right? So they're just so exponential that it's hard even to understand for the non-engineer brain like mine, but they're, they're profound.


The speed at which process is now occurring, does that eliminate, like what is the techno, what is the technological state of play? Does that eliminate encryption? Encryption will have to change, correct. The encryption has to change, and there has been made progress in encryption, which is like quantum secure. So it, it's a constant evolution. So the, the, the tools to decrypt becomes stronger and then the tools to encrypt become stronger. That makes sense. Are you confident that encryption, that secure encryption will still exist as a technological matter?


With the rise of the superfast quantum computing, It's very hard to be confident in anything because first of all, we have to rely on the computing power of our devices to decrypt things. Of course, they're very sophisticated algorithms in place that make it so that you don't have to have the same level of computing power on your device, as in a data center. I was about to say, you don't have to bring a data center with you. Yeah, Exactly. So it, it's, it, it's not exactly like that. Build A nuclear power plant by a hundred acres. You don't have to. Okay, good. But, you know, it continues.


So the, the particularly state actors have almost infinite computing power at their disposal, and they have certain technologies at their disposal that may, they may not be telling everybody about. So They might not be telling people about it. So it's very possible that what you're saying will become reality or is already reality. Who knows? So, so that kind of is one of the que And I don't, you know, I know you have, well, you're legally bounded here in France, so you're under some kind of state control. So, And I know your life is complicated because it's, I don't wanna push you to say things are to get you in trouble, but it does feel like a go a determined, a government can spy on anybody who wants to, that's the way it feels to me.


Do you think that's true? Well, I think the biggest risk for personal privacy is The ability of any state actor to penetrate the device of the person, the mobile device, for example, because there are so-called zero data vulnerabilities on iOS or Android phones, for example, that the governments sometimes know about it, the secret agencies know about it and they can exploit them, but everybody else doesn't know and they can't defend from them themselves, from them. So if you became a target of a government, it's really likely that they would install this Trojan so-called Trojan called Pegasus, yes.


On your device. And I was one of these people eight years ago that had a Pegasus installed on their phones according to the Yes leak reports. Been there, is there any way, And I think a lot of people are there without knowing it. And I, I know that. Is there any way to know if your phone has been compromised, if what you are looking at and typing is being read by somebody else? Is there any way to know, for certain, For certain, probably no. But there are ways to check that and see if known vulnerabilities have been exploited on your phone.


And, And I know there are some organizations that can help you with that. I'll, I'll, Where's your phone? I did. You didn't leave it out? I don't use a phone. I haven't used the phone for, for, for a year almost. I find it. Oh, France took it. Oh, France took it. But even before it took it, I wasn't using my phone. I didn't have a sim card in the phone. I just use it to test Telegram, the app, because we have constant product updates. I have to test it like at least twice a, a week. But I don't, I I'm, I'm not a user of a phone, So I just wanna say again, you're an engineer too. I mean, you're not like a marketing guy, you're like a build the app guy. So you understand the technology Yes. Because you built it. Yes. So you're coming from a, a highly informed perspective when you make technology choices.


Is that fair? You could say so, yeah. One of the most informed probably in the world. And you don't have a phone. What is that? Like? Why don't you have a phone? Well, I don't use phone regularly. Right. I probably own a phone, but I don't use phone. I don't carry with a phone with me because I find it extremely distracting. I find it also potentially harming my privacy. And I, I, I also just, I, I don't think it's necessary device for me to have, when I want to focus on something, I would rather use my laptop or my iPad and, and, and put together some noise or, or, or some interact with my team, right?


So I wouldn't want to just open my phone and disappear there, consuming short form content. And that's why I don't use the phone. I, I'm, I trying to extract this from you for one simple reason, which is I think that when you come across someone who knows an immense amount about technology, really understands the technology, it's interesting to know his perspective on technology. Like with everything, you know, you don't use a phone, so I just think, you know, people can draw their own conclusions from that. Right? So What do you, you saw Ross Ulbrich, Ulbricht got The guy who was pardoned Yes.


Yeah. Silk Road. So he ran Silk Road, and I'm hardly an expert on this. I was very pleased when he got pardoned, but it seemed like no one accused him of selling drugs, by the way, you know, you would never know that from any, the New York Times, but he was not like dealing drugs on playgrounds or anything like that. He had a site that made commerce possible outside the control of government. And there apparently were bad people doing bad things. I dunno, also a lot of good people doing good things on it, but it was, none of it was controlled by the government and he got life in prison for that. That's my takeaway. And so maybe there will, all my sort of conclusion from this is, as long as people like you create technology that makes it harder for government to control people, you will be a target of government action.


You think that's It? Well, first of all, I, I wouldn't necessarily compare Telegram with Scro and, and I'm not, And I didn't mean to, but I, but the, but the idea that, the idea that they need to control everything that is happening online, and if they can't, they're gonna punish you. That does seem like a real fact. I think everybody's trying to reach their goals and be more efficient in what they do. For example, you ask any Minister of interior, any head of police, and they'll tell you, oh, encryption is a big problem. If it weren't for encryption, we would solve all crime.


They, they don't see it two steps or three steps ahead. Yes. And it's not necessarily like some huge conspiracy where like, evil governments wants to want to take more and more control. Although that may be the case. I'm not knowledgeable on that subject. It's, it seems to me more like everybody's trying to solve the problems that they see using the tools that they have at their disposal, even if it negatively impacts other areas, you know, of our lives. You're a very generous man, I must say. Last question, and thank you for doing this. How long are you gonna be in France?


And once you leave France, will you be coming back to France? I don't know yet when this restrictions will be lifted. I hope later this year I'll be able to travel to my home country, which is Dubai freely. I, I will probably come back to France because it's, it's a great place to spend time in. Of course, I had a lot of, I have spent a lot of time in France now, eight, eight months. So Kind of a full immersion program. How's your French?


It's, it's actually good. I was very good when I passed my French exam to receive the passport. It got 97 points out of 100, but I didn't practice my French much. Most of my friends are Americans, but even here in Paris and, and, and, and my French friends speak perfect English, so I didn't Get a chance to practice. But now you've had that chance? No, because they speak English with me. It's, it's changed like before, 15 years ago, 20 years ago, it was difficult not to speak French in France. Now, for better or worse, you can get by using English.


I'm trying to use my French, but I don't sound as in, I I sound even less intelligent in, in French than in English. So people switch back to English with me. But you don't anticipate like having to stay for the next 20 years or anything here? I, I would be very surprised if that happened because you see, I'm traveling to Dubai, I'm coming back. It's, it's just obvious that I'm not a somebody who would try to escape forever. And, and it's, and this investigation has to be concluded in why one way or the other. Of course, then if it goes to trial, if that happens, it can take another several years.


But then again, it would be completely crazy. I would say if I would have to move to France and live here permanently for the whole duration of this process, I would, I would say that the most likely, I I expect that, that I would be able to travel again later this year. Well certainly rooting for you, Pablo. Thank you very much. Thank you so much. We wanna thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it, good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell So you never miss an episode.


We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter. Telling the truth always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.