
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spent $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


We recorded the interview you're about to watch five days ago, and I've been thinking about it ever since. It's with a former congressman from Pennsylvania called Curt Weldon. Curt Weldon was a very significant figure in Washington 20 years ago. He was not some obscure back bencher. He was one of the most powerful Republicans in the Congress about to take over the Armed Services Committee until he asked questions about the official story on nine 11, at which point the Bush administration sent the FBI to his daughter's house, destroyed her life, never charged her with a crime and effectively got Curt Weldon bounced out of Congress. I haven't talked to him in 20 years. I didn't know exactly what to expect. But this conversation, the one you're about to see, raises far more questions than I ever anticipated.


This is not a crazy person. These are not crazy questions. He makes no claims. He doesn't have personal firsthand evidence of when it ended. I asked him how many other officials who were in and around Washington during nine 11 have similar questions. And he said to me, as far as I know all of them, and he's still in touch with a lot of those people after this conversation, which again we've been thinking about ever since. I thought it might be time to look a little more deeply into the nine 11 commission report. Was it accurate? Nine 11 changed the United States forever. Those of us who remember it, who lived through it can tell you this was a different country afterward, completely different and not a better country.


And so there is no more significant historical event in the lifetimes of any living American than nine 11. And the fact that there are still outstanding questions about what exactly happened and why is troubling. Up until this point, most of the people who've addressed these questions are either crazy or seem slightly crazy. Now is the time for a sober look. Not a wild-eyed speculative look, but an honest look and honest conversations with people who participated in the response to that day, government officials. And so we're gonna do that. We are planning right now a multi-part documentary series on nine 11, and we hope to bring that to you as soon as we possibly can.


And now, former congressman Curt Weldon. Congressman, Thank you so much for doing this. I haven't seen you in 20 years. I, one of the last times I thought about you, was it right around 2006 and I'm, you had been a frequent guest on the show that I was hosting then. And I read that the FBI had raided your daughter's house. And I thought, man, I always like Kurt Weldon. I guess he's corrupt. And then I never heard, never heard anything about it. And then, then you lost that election to a guy who I always thought was kind of repulsive. And then probably 15 years passed. And I thought to myself, wait a second. Kurt Weldon was the only Republican I'm aware of who criticized the US response, the Intel Agency's response to nine 11 who wrote a book blaming elements of the US government for allowing nine 11 to happen and then covering it up.


And then right on the cusp of becoming, tell me if I'm getting this wrong, chairman of the Armed Services Committee, the FBI raids your daughter's house and you lose an election in which your opponent has funding from all over the United States. And never, no one's ever heard of this guy. All he's got more money and you're outta Congress. And I began to think maybe this was a setup. So I thought I would ask you. Well, it definitely was. And you were always one of my heroes. I enjoyed your show with Paul Bala and thanks. When I did Henry calls many, Many years ago, All the others and enjoyed and, and I was always, I took my work very seriously. I'm a teacher by profession, youngest of nine kids, firefighter as a volunteer all my life. And that's my devotion. Even to this day.


I don't get any money for it, but it's what I'm committed to and why I care about nine 11 so much. I was at nine 11. I was not nine 11. I was at Trade Center in 93 at the invitation of Fire Commissioner Howard. Safer to go up there and learn about what had occurred the first time they attacked us. And they introduced me to a young fire officer, former Marine five kids named Ray Downey. He became one of my best friends. And Ray told me what he thought we should do. I took his advice seriously and wrote the legislation to create the Gilmore Commission. The Gilmore Commission was chaired by Virginia Governor Jim Gilmore of a man of integrity. I had him on a podcast last September for 20 minutes. And the Gilmore Commission's recommendations were largely what the nine 11 Commission took credit for after the fact.


One of those recommendations was to have a fusion center of intelligence be put together. At the time I was doing this on behalf of the firefighters to deal with disasters. I was in the position to oversee the funding as the chairman of all military research and technology funding, about $180 billion. The services were building information dominant centers. The armies was at Fort Bel Wire. And I would get down there regularly and meet with them. And we became good friends. I didn't bother getting ready into the program. I didn't need to, but I knew what they were using with new software like Starlight and Spires and Fusion and Data Mining and analysis and and Lincoln analysis.


This is gonna be important to prevent what happened in 93. Yes. So I supported the, Which was the first bombing of the World Trades first Bombing. Right? And as a result, I went to John Ry, deputy Secretary of Defense under Clinton. And I said, John, you have to go see what they're doing down there. He did. He called me. He said, you're right, Mr. Chairman. And by the way, John Hammer had endorsed me for chairman of the committee in 2000, as did as did Rumsfeld. Yeah, this is before nine 11. Obviously both endorsed me publicly. I had their letters. And he said, but you've gotta convince the CI and the FBI to let us use their raw data because there are 33 classified systems. And if they don't allow us to use their data, this won't succeed.


On November the fourth of 1999 in my office, in the Rayburn building, I had John Ery, deputy Secretary of Defense. I had the deputy director of the FBI and I had their names and the deputy director of the CIA. And we talked about the noaa National Operation Analysis Hub, policymaker and War Fighters tool to deal with emerging transnational terrorist threats. The Fusion Center ery said, we need this. I'll, I'll manage it. I said, I'll get it funded. The FBI said, great, we're all in. And the CIA said, we don't want it. We're not supporting it. We're doing something called CI 21 on our own. I spent two years traveling around the country giving speeches at intelligence forums, calling for a fusion center.


I put language in two successive defense bills, calling for a fusion center. Nine 11 happens. I get frantic calls from four of those professional staffers at the Able Danger team, which I later learned was the name of this group at Fort Bel Wire. We have to see you right away. Mr. Chairman Scott Philpot. Annapolis grad Navy Career Officer Commander of four ships pleading with me to meet Tony Schaefer, Lieutenant Colonel, bronze Star recipient Spy for the military. Eileen Pricer, Lieutenant Air Force Career Intelligence Officer, expert on computers and Eric Kleinsmith. I met with each of them privately.


They all told me the same story. And they rolled out the charts that I just showed you. Those charts. I will make public now because they're not classified. I showed them when I testified before the Senate hearing, we identified every cell of Al-Qaeda in the world. The year before nine 11. We identified the New York cell a year before nine 11. We knew there was gonna be a problem. The Able Danger team tried to go to the FBI and Justice Department three times. We have the names all three times. They were stopped. We have the names of the person, the FBI, that was told to deny the meetings. They were not allowed to transfer the information. That information.


When I came out with my book, Louis free former FBI director wrote in an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal and said, on Good Morning America could have prevented nine 11 from have happening. That's not me saying that. That's Louis free and General Keefe Lambert, our general in charge of special operations on horseback, was asked in this award-winning book, became a movie on page 27. General, what were your thoughts when nine 11 happened? And he said, within seconds, I knew who had done the attack and I knew it would involve Muhammad Ada. Thirdly, after this all broke, and I came out with my book criticizing the agency and started really going crazy, protecting these brave heroes that were being abused by defense intelligence.


The Inspector General for the Pentagon files a whistleblower paper. I have a copy of it. I'll give it to you. His name is John Crane. He asked for protection because his bosses in DIA refused to allow him to become a whistleblower. When he told them that he was told to lie to the Congress, he was told to misinformed the Congress. I have that in writing. Tucker. The nine 11 Commission is a coverup. 1000% coverup. Zeal was the lead of the coverup. Philip Zel was the chairman, Philip Zel. He was handpicked by Condoleezza Rice when, when Tony Schafer met Zel Cow over in Afghanistan because Zel Cow took a team through to see if there were soldiers who had maybe encountered some information about nine 11 in advance.


Tony Schaeffer had been back deployed in Afghanistan at the time. So he told his commanding officer, I should talk to them because I was a part of a special team. He met with Zeal. They exchanged business cards and Kabul and Zel. Cal said to him, Lieutenant Colonel, you've gotta see me as soon as you get back to America. It's very important. When Tony went back to the States, they had shut down his office, locked his office, secured all his files, And they then worked to destroy his personal reputation. They tried to destroy his career. I went to the floor and did a one hour special order, calling it a scandal, bigger than Watergate. You can watch the footage. It's available online.


I said, this is outrageous that the Defense Intelligence Agency is screwing a Lieutenant colonel because he's telling the truth about what he was told to talk about when he came back from Afghanistan. Tony Schafer then went to work in the Reserves because he had been re basically harassed by the regular Army because of what Zeal did. So, so I just wanna back up a couple steps. So you're saying what others have said before, which is that elements of the US government worked really, really hard to hide the fact that they could have prevented nine 11, that they had all the relevant information and for whatever reason ignored it. But motive really matters here.


Do you believe that there were people in the US government who made a bunch of mistakes or were too territorial and didn't share information with other agencies? Therefore, nine 11 happened, which is basically the conclusion of the nine 11 report, I think. Or do you believe that there were people in the US government who knew it was going to happen and allowed it to happen on purpose? Well, first of all, the nine 11 report has no credibility. I, I believe, I don't believe anything that is in that. It's a bunch of garbage. It's a lot of paper that has no substance. And I tend not to want to speculate on things that I can't prove 100% myself. Yes. Or I'm not willing to take a polygraph. What I can tell you unequivocally is there was a coverup, and before I answer your question, I would state one more fact.


Tony Schaffer got approval from his commanding general after this all whole thing happened throughout his memoirs. His memoirs are called Dark Heart. So he wrote the book. He had a publisher, the publisher, he went to his commanding general to review the book as his protocol. His commanding general said, fine, Tony, there's nothing there that's a problem. Publish it. Tony publishes the book. Our deep state finds out, he's publishing the book. A cease and desist order is issued against the publisher. Stop publishing the book. It's too late. Our government, our government buys all 10,000 copies of the first edition of Dark Heart with taxpayer money And they destroy them.


So I asked Tony on a show last September, as I've done many times, Tony, you have the original version of the book, right? Yes. Here it is. Congressman, you have the redacted version, right? Yes. Here it is. What did they want out of your book that was so sensitive? What secret information were you giving Tony? What classified information did your boss not see? He said, Congressman, the only thing they wanted outta my book was the fact that I named Zeal and that I had briefed him in advance that Tucker is treason. That means our agencies, our agencies use their position not for something involving our national security, but for involving a, a coverup of a person's identity who was publicly approved by the Congress of the United States appointed by the Security advisor to President Bush.


It's a massive coverup. At what point, following nine 11, since I just want to restate, you served in Congress for about 20 years? 20, I think. Yep. And you really were at the heart of these questions. National security questions in the Congress, you were about to become Chairman of Armed Services was so you're at the top of the pyramid for, for receiving relevant intelligence. At what point, so you weren't to some random guy at all. At what point after nine 11, the attacks of that day, did you realize there's something bad going on here? Well, it, it started before nine 11 when I realized that the intelligence I was getting as the vice chairman of the committee was not really solid intelligence.


I would get better information from Bill Gertz, a reporter that, you know, yes. Coming to me with anonymous sources leaking to him Yes. About Intel matters. And I would then go to the CIA and say, why am I getting this information from a reporter that I know you're leaking from classified sources that I'm not getting as a member of Congress? Who's the vice chairman of the Defense Committee? Are you playing games with me? And they wouldn't answer that. And that's what they do. They play games by manipulating the media to put out a narrative. And then we have to deal with that narrative. So Tucker, what I did, there's a group in Washington that was known as the cockroaches. They're a group of people that work for the intelligence agencies that get along socially. And I knew them all. They trusted me.


I formed a loose knit network of about 15 or 20. We met for breakfast every week in the members' dining room and the Capitol. And they would feed me raw data. They would feed me raw data. Then I would go to the classified briefings using that raw data. And I would ask questions of the CIA in front of the entire committee. And in many cases I was the acting chairman because the, the chairman wasn't there. So here I am, the acting chairman of the entire Committee of Armed Services that fully embarrassed the, the intelligence agencies. And I'll get into that. When we talk about the nine 11 information and post nine 11 where they put Bin Laden. The point is that the agency plays games with Congress. The Congress thinks it's getting good information and it's not.


Yes. The agency wants members fighting with each other over stupid things so they can do what they want. And it's not all, there are good people in the agencies Yes. That I worked with and I would go to go to war over. But there are some scumbags. I know those scumbags at the appropriate time. I'll name those scumbags who have made millions and millions of dollars And they are making millions and millions of dollars today. They're making it in Ukraine. They're making it around the world because of context they established. And all that ties back to their positions that they got supposedly working intelligence for the us. That's not what this country's all about. And you ask about my daughter and What happened. So, so give us the timeline. So you, nine 11 happens.


You keep ascending in Congress and you really, and I remember this well 'cause I interviewed you on these topics at the time, 20 years ago when your book came out and you start saying, wait a second, the US government really blew this. There are people who knew this was happening, was going to happen and for whatever reason, didn't stop it. And you're really the only Republican who's saying this. And then 2006, you're up for reelection. It's an even year of course. And, and you're from your district in Pennsylvania after 20 years and out of nowhere, the FBI raids your daughter's house. And we're all told it's because she's corrupt, you're corrupt, et cetera, et cetera. And then you lose and we kind of lose track of you. And Washington goes on as it does.


That's the game. And no one talks about nine 11 again. I think that's fair to say. I mean, I was there. I I remember when all this happened though. I didn't You didn't covered it all. I didn't put it together in my head at all until about a year ago. I was thinking about this in the shower, whatever happened to Kurt Weldon and his daughter. So I go on the internet and I'm like, is Kurt Weldon's daughter in prison? 'cause she's so corrupt, like Never talked to. So, So what happened? So okay, Well came, well here's what happened. 2006 in, in, in 1999 and 2000, they wanted me to run for chairman of the committee. Yeah. To jump over four or five members. Which committee? The Armed Armed Services Committee. But in Congress, the protocol is you wait of course for time. Of course. So I have letters, which I can show you. Tucker from Donald Rumsfeld endorsing me to become chairman of the Armed Services Committee in 2000.


Yes. I have a letter from from Deputy Secretary of Defense. John Henry endorsing me to become chairman of the committee in 2000 dozens and dozens of letters. Then nine 11 happens. I felt personally responsible because I knew that we could have prevented it by the information that the Able Danger team established by General Hughes Shelton had gathered and tried to transfer three times and we're blocked. So I said, Uhuh, I got, I owe this to Ray Downey. I'm wearing his jacket today. I owe this to the firefighters in New York and around the country to get to the truth. If it's the last thing I do. And I owe it to all those soldiers that were now sending overseas.


That's right. So what I did, Tucker, I supported George Bush when he said, we're going to send our troops over to Afghanistan. He made those heroic comments about we're gonna get them. I took that as a patriotic American said Yes, we're gonna get them. But I was worried about what the Afghans might do as they did the Russian troops when they were in Afghanistan. So Tucker with Al Santo, whom you know Yep. And two other members of Congress. I privately, without the knowledge of our government or the CIAI went to Paris. We met with King Zahi Shah, the king of Afghanistan, who was living in exile with his family in Paris. We met with him to convince him to go back to Kabul to convene a lawyer Georga of all the tribes, to, to convince them to accept the American troops before they went in.


So it wouldn't be like they did with Russia. King Zahir shot agreed to that. I'll give you the photographs. Tucker and I had two members of Congress and Al C with me decorated Vietnam veteran Sahir Shah went back. I did all I could to protect our American troops, not the CIA, our troops. Then I find out my intel team, those 20 people that were feeding me raw data, give me data. Within months after nine 11, that Bin Laden's been cited in a town called led. I have nowhere, no idea where LED is. So I grew up Pennsylvania Avenue to a bookstore and buy a map. I just gave you the map here today, Tucker. You can show it.


And I found led, it's not in Afghanistan, it's not in Pakistan, it's in Iran in an area called Baluchistan. So I go to the next classified briefing for the full committee. Now I'm the vice chairman of the full committee. There are 60 members. I'm the acting chairman at this time. So I said to the CIA, I have information at Bin Laden's in led. This is a response to me, Mr. Chairman, we've heard similar reports. We can either confirm or deny them. I was in shock. I was in shock. We're sending kids to die in Afghanistan and we can't confirm or deny whether or not Bin Laden's in Ladi.


Three months go by, I'm still supporting The president. My Intel team comes back to me and say, Kurt, he's being treated at a military hospital outside of Teran. I go back to the classified briefing and I ask the question in front of the full committee and the answer from the CCIA is, Mr. Chairman, we've heard similar reports. We can either confirm or deny that Bin Laden is being treated at a military hospital outside of Tehran while we're sending kids to die in Afghanistan. I said, this is outrageous. And then Tucker, I get a call from Jack Murtha, the most respected Democrat in the house, former Marine who I worked with closely.


And he says to me, I want you to meet with Ron Clink, Democrat from Pittsburgh and Ron Clinks still alive. He'll verify this. Tucker Jack's dead, but Ron's alive. He said, Jack has a person who used to work for the agency that has information about Iran and you investigate this kind of stuff. Kurt, will you meet with him? I said, sure. Ron Klink comes to my office and brings this very tall man who's a former person from the the Swedish area, but he is a US citizen. And I said, how can I help you? You know, Congressman Murth asked me to help. Ron Clink wants me to help. He said, Congressman, I want you to help me get into Iran. I said, why do you wanna go to Iran? He said, that's where Bin Laden is.


I said, why would you tell me the bin Laden's in Iran? He said, I was a knock for the agency. Do you know what a knock is? Yeah. Nonofficial cover. That's right. He said, I was a knock for the agency and I worked that area and my friends are seeing Bin Laden in Iran. If you help me get to Teran, I'll leave my identity there. I'll get a piece of him, a debtor alive and I'll bring it back. At the time there was a $25 million reward for Bin Laden. I said, I can't help you right now because I'm in a battle over this. Follow up to nine 11. Then I get another call. Tucker from the interior department, totally separate. They wanna bring in their top Birdman their bird expert.


I didn't think that was unusual because I was the Republican on the Migratory Bird Commission. The Migratory Bird Commission? No, there was a migratory. You know who oversees all the flyways for all the refuges up and down the coast. I was a Republican. John Duck. Connor's like me. Thank you. By the way. John, John Dingle was a Democrat. Of course I've duck hunted with 'em. Yeah. Two senators and three cabinet members. So I figured they wanna talk about birds. I'm on the bird commission, I'll meet with him. So this interior department bird expert brings in a US citizen from Maine who's a Sikh, but he is a US citizen, very wealthy family. And he iss got two falcons on his shoulders. Million dollar birds with the blinders on. Beautiful into my office. I said, boy, they're gorgeous.


How can I be said? Well Congressman, I've doted my life to Falcons. He said, I helped write the UN protection treaties on falconry. He said, I trained all the children of the royal families in the sport of falconry. Yes. Because that's their sport. He said, they all know me. They all trust me. They all in the Arab world. It's huge. Yes, yes. He said so, and I want to help the country and there's a reward for Bin Laden. I said, yeah, I know that. He said, I want you to help me go to Iran. I said, why do you wanna go to Iran now? He knows nothing about anything else. I'm doing my, my falconers are seeing bin Laden's birds flying in Iran. You help me go to Iran. They'll accept me there 'cause they know me. I'll tag his birds and I'll take the US to exactly where he is.


That's four, four full source identities. The Bin Laden was exactly where my Intel people said he was. Over the course of time Tucker, I developed 10 silver bullets. They wanted to do a movie about me after they took me out. And I'll get to when they took me out, I got a call from Michael Sawyer. Michael was career CIA after I was taken out of office. He called my home. He said, Congressman, do You remember me? I said, vaguely Michael. He said, well, I was the chairman of the Bin Laden task force in the CIA. And these people that you've, that have met with you have shown me documents I never saw when I was working in the agency. And I was the Bin Laden task force director.


He said, we want you to work with us. We want you to be involved in a movie we're doing. I said, Michael, after what they did to my family, I can't do it right now. I hung up the phone, I get a call from General McInerney about three months later, Tom McInerney. He said, Congressman, You remember me? I said, yes, general, I remember you. He said, I'd like, I'd like you to work with us Congressman, I'm working with Michael Sawyer and and the Falconer and we want you to be. I said, I'm not getting involved after what they did to my family. They all had the same story. Tucker. So what was happening in 2006? All my elections were landslides.


It's One of the saddest things about this country. The country's getting sicker despite all of our wealth and technology. Americans aren't doing well overall. Obesity, heart disease, autoimmune conditions, all kinds of horrible chronic illnesses. Weird cancers are all on the rise. Probably a lot of reasons for this. But one of 'em definitely is Americans don't eat very well anymore. They don't eat real food. Instead they eat industrial substitutes and it's not good. It's time for something new. And that's where Masa Chips come in. Masa has decided to revive real food by creating snacks. How they used to be made, how they're supposed to be made. A Masa chip has just three simple ingredients, not 117 three, no seed oils, no artificial additives, just real delicious food. And I know this 'cause we eat a ton of them in my house. And by the way, I feel great. So You can still continue to snack, but You can do it in a healthy way with chips without feeling guilty about it. Masa Chips are delicious. They taste how a tortilla chip is supposed to taste. But the thing is, You can hit 'em really, really hard and I have and not feel bloated or sluggish after you feel like you've done something decent for your body. You don't feel like you got a head injury or you don't feel filled with guilt. You feel light and energetic. It's the kind of snack your grandparents ate worth bringing back. So You can go to Masa Chips dot com. MAs is MASA by the way. Massa chips.com/tucker to start snacking. Get 25% off. We enjoy 'em. You will too.


Don Jr. Here guys, are you receiving letters from the IRS claiming you owe back taxes as penalties and interest fees pile up. The IRS gives you no clear path to resolution. Don't speak to them on your own. They are not your friends. To reach a team of licensed tax professionals that can help you reduce, settle, and resolve your tax matters, go to tn usa.com and check 'em out. Solve your tax problems today. Call 1-800-HUNDRED seven eight zero eight eight eight eight or visit tsa.com. That's 1 807 8 0 8 8 8 8.


Tucker says it best. Their credit card companies are ripping Americans off and enough is enough. This is Senator Roger Marshall of Kansas. Our legislation, the Credit Card Competition Act would help in the grip Visa and MasterCard have on us. Every time you use your credit card, they charge you a hidden fee called a swipe fee. And they've been raising it without even telling you. This hurts consumers and every small business owner. In fact, American families are paying $1,100 in hidden swipe fees each year. The fees Visa and MasterCard charge Americans are the highest in the world, double candidates and eight times more than Europe's. That's why I've taken action. But I need your help to help get this passed. I'm asking you to call your senator today and demand they pass the Credit Card Competition Act Paid for by the Merchants Payments Coalition, not authorized by any candidate or candidates committee, www.merchantspaymentscoalition.com.


But can I just ask you to pause for one second? So you had a lot of evidence, it sounds like absolute evidence that Bin Laden was not in Afghanistan or Pakistan. Right. He was supposedly ultimately killed, not in Iraq, he was in Iran, but Iran was also in the crosshairs of the Bush administration. It was part of the so-called axis of evil at the time. People were talking about invading Iran. Then why would the Bush administration hide the fact that It wasn't the Bush administration? Oh, lemme explain to you, and this is what Trump needs to understand. It started under Clinton when the Clinton administration Bill Hillary Clinton, who I have no respect for, were allowed to be themselves to be used so they could make money.


Tens and tens of millions of dollars. Hundreds of millions of dollars because they allowed people, unscrupulous people to control the agenda in Russia and around the world. And you've been going after some of this involving Russia. I can give you dozens of hard examples. I believe it. I have, we've, we've talked about this off camera, but I just wanna get to Specifically continued Who was hiding the fact that Bin Laden was in Iran and why? Okay. It continued under Bush Jr. Yep. And as I said, up until 2000, they wanted me to be chairman. All of a sudden, when I started questioning nine 11, all of a sudden the Bush people said, whoa.


Yeah, I Bet John Sununu after I was out of office. Oh, had a lot of respect for, it was Bush's Jesus. Yeah, smart man. Yeah, I know. I was in his office And he, they said this to me, he said, you know, Congress, you were a great member. Everyone respected you, but you made one fundamental mistake. I said, what was that John? He said, when you come to the city, you either on one rail or the other rail, and you went down the middle and took on both rails. I said, well, John, I didn't pledge allegiance to the Republican party. Yeah. I pledged allegiance to the Constitution. You guys were ecstatic when I took on the Clintons, when I took on Sandy Berger, when I took on the scumbags and what they did with China and Russia, you were ecstatic. But then when I saw things happening at nine 11, all of us, he said, well, that's why you're not here.


I said, you know what, John? So be it. It's not the end of my life. And one day I'll tell the story, John, one day I'll tell the story. Because that's what America needs to hear. They need members of Congress who don't become duped by scumbags in the intelligence agency making money for themselves. And you know what, Tucker? I challenge them. I'll name them and I'll give their dollar amounts of where they're making money today in the countries that we're at war with, they care about themselves and their power. They don't care about the lives of the kids that we send to war. I saw it in Libya, I saw it in North Korea. I led delegations that were bipartisan to all of those places. They took it out on my daughter.


So I I just wanna get one more time to the question of why, who was hiding the fact that Bin Laden was actually in Iran and Why? Our, our intelligence agencies. They, they have plausible deniability in the end. I have 10 silver bullets, including two royal family members from two different royal families from two different countries, including in the end, the person that was in the room who was a knock for our government for 50 years. He's not from the us. He's become a friend of mine. He's been to my home. We've met dozens of times. And on one of my trips to the Middle East, he said to me, you know, he calls you my, my dear, you were right. I said About what he said about a lot of things, but you're right about Bin Laden.


I said, what do you mean? He said, well, he was placed in Iran, in Stan. He said, I said, well, he said, I said, you know, he said, yes, I know that. He said I was in the room when the deal was cut. So the US has plausible deniability that they weren't in the room, Was the point to get to Iraq. The point was to the, the point was to manipulate, to get our troops committed to go over to fight the battles in Afghanistan, Iraq and that whole region of the world. Yes. And they had to have the justification to do that. I believe it. But in the end, when five years ago, and even Trump doesn't know this, I'm sure we killed someone that Trump took great credit for.


And I applaud him for it. And he said, we killed this guy, Soleimani. Who? That's right. Soleimani was the guy that deal was cut with the deal was not cut with the Iranian government. And we need to understand that. And this is the heart of what we have to get to. The Iranian people are not our enemy. I wrote this book in 2005, countdown to Tear. It's all about Iran. It says that the people of Iran are not our enemy. And this book was endorsed by Jim Woolsey with a three page letter. Former CI director, former CI director. This book was endorsed by Alec Carelli, Jack Carelli, gore, CI advisor. They both endorsed my book. The book was so popular that the people of Iran published it in Farsi.


There it is. And they published the book without my approval. They published my book. It became a bestseller in Iran because it said, you're not the enemy of the American people. Here's what happened, Tucker, when the Shah was in power, think back, we were best friends with Iran. Of course our intelligence people trained the Iranian intelligence people. We trained them. They were our people. When the radical Aya and the moles took over Iran, they did not bring a new intelligence service. They did not change the agency. The IRG stayed the same, the deal to place Bin Laden and Iran wasn't cut with the Iranian government. It was cut with Soleimani. And that's why we killed him.


Our intelligence agency has tentacles around the world and they're not answering to anybody. And that's the problem right now. That's the problem Trump has. Yeah. He can cut off the security clearance of 51. But those, that network extends far and wide around the world, And they can play all the games they want in Ukraine in other countries. And until we go after that, this is not gonna stop. That's Consistent, all consistent with what I've seen. And and that's a figure, that's not a crazy statement In this man. That's the challenge that Trump has right now. I still think he's at risk. Last May on a TV show locally in the Philadelphia area, and I said, my greatest challenge is they're gonna try to take Trump out a month later. Yeah. They, they did the attack. You know, it goes back to when Trump first, when I kept quiet, because I couldn't trust any of the administrations after I left, including the Bush administration.


'cause Bush wasn't in control. And I can give you example after example. Oh, I, I saw That of Bush not being in control. I knew who was in control when Trump was going in. I met with Rudy Giuliani. I had two private dinners with him up in New York. I had not known Rudy that well. I said, Rudy, this is what's gonna happen. The deep state's gonna undermine Trump. They don't want him. They will undermine him by removing his ability to understand how they operate. Before he took office, they took out General Mike Flynn. Yep. When they took out Flynn, Trump was like a baby in the woods. And for four years they used the Congress And they used their connections to derail this country. That's the problem that occurred in the first Trump four years.


This time I'm trying to get Trump to realize he's, he's got a great start. But the people around him don't know what they don't know. They don't have that historical e understanding of what this is just didn't happen with Trump. I mean, it took me out in 2006. So let's get to that. They took you out in 2006 and that's kind of where this conversation began. I I, I remember that very well. And it was like, there were pictures on tv. I worked then at CNN there were pictures of, you know, FBI And there blue jackets outside your daughter's house. And it's like Kurt Weldon corruption scandal. And then you lost to csac Is that ctac who was like a former general and just like a true, He got demoted. He was a three star demote to a two star.


His wife worked on the Clinton Security Council. She had intelligence ties. She still does. Her name was I think Clark. And so he, And he was on the NSC for Clinton. But he was like the ultimate deep stater. He didn't Live, live in the district. He doesn't live there now. Right. He came into the district to run. He had been in the district and then after he lost, he went back down Virginia. And all of a sudden, I mean, I remember all this really well thinking like, Well, here's what Happened. And then he got, you know, massive funding from around the country. You know, Who ran his campaign? His, his campaign was managed by the staff director of Sandy Berger's Company. Sandy Berger sent his woman to run the CSTA campaign. Ah, and i, I did a one hour floor speech about Sandy Berger calling him a traitor.


Yeah. And we can talk about I'd, I'd like to And I'm, I'm just getting far afield once again and my, my apologies for that. But, okay. So to your daughter and the FBI read, did you have warning? Like what? No advance warning. Tell us what happened. No advance warning. We, we, you know, the, we would've won the election. The polls were in October, were showing that we were up by about six or eight points. All my elections have been landslides. 'cause I'm moderate Republican and this one I would've become chairman of the committee. No doubts about that. You know, for some reason, the, the, the CSAC campaign was maxed out every week in a TV by, you know, and three weeks before my election, I get a call on a Monday morning that agents had appeared at my daughter's home at 7:00 AM and I didn't know what's that all about.


And so I immediately said, cancel the TV ads. My daughter's more important than some TV ads for a campaign. And I didn't know whether she might have done something wrong. I didn't think she would've. And, and so we stopped the campaign. But something that I haven't talked about in the past, Tucker, the same time they raided my daughter's house, they raided a lawyer in my district who's a Democrat, who interestingly enough, they shut down his Philadelphia office. They brought dogs and helicopters and all to downtown Philly. Same time at the time they raided his office. He had been working for FBI counterintelligence against Russia for two years that I had arranged two years earlier. I had arranged two years earlier under oath.


So the counter intel people handling him went to his office and we're sitting with him while these agents from DC come in. And you had two sets of agents in the same office at the same time. And the counter intel people are saying, don't answer any questions. We don't know what this is, but you're doing work for our country. And the other ones don't know why they're sent there. Their first questions, Mr. Gallagher, isn't it true that you related to Congressman Kurt Weldon and John starts laughing at them because Congressman Weldon's wife's last name is the same name as mine and you are from the FBI. I know who told them that. Tucker. Wait, so what? But what was the pretext for raiding your daughter's house? There Was none. They never talked to her.


So what was she charged with? What did she go? They Never charged with, they never charged her with anything. They never talked to her. There was no charge. So the FBI just shows up, shows Up rage, takes boxes out, and then gives her the boxes back unopened, still taped nothing. When did they, nothing, when Did they give the boxes back? That was months later After you'd lost. Yeah. The, and not only that, three months after the election, the annual fire dinner in Washington, which I started, 2000 people attend, members of Congress, house and Senate. George Bush, the father, former CIA director does a tribute to me, which You can, I sent it to your staffer. Yeah, You can play it. And he says in the tribute, Congressman Weldon, you're the kind of leader that American needs.


You're the kind of leader that leaves the country safer, stronger. Those aren't my words. Those are George Bush senior's words to 2000 people after they raided my daughter's house After you'd already been neutralized after I've been, and you were not gonna be sharing. It was all about getting me out. So did you, so the, the raid comes, you must be completely confused. Did you call your daughter and say like, what's going on? She, she Was totally devastated, ruined her life. What do you, how do you deal with that? I don't know. How do, how do you deal? How do you deal with your kid? I'm probably gonna find out at some point If you, if you wanna, if you wanna, if you wanna come after me, you know, and that's what I say to 'em. There's scumbags. Oh, I know you scumbag. If you wanna come after me, come after me publicly. But if you're gonna hide and go do something behind somebody, what you do?


None. There are good people in the agency, but there are scumbags that work in our agencies and I know them, and they're making money. They're million dollar people And there million dollar companies are gonna be exposed if it's the last thing I do. And you'll see the ties around the world to the million dollar intel people who've made money off the backs of young American kids who have died in wards while they make money or their companies make money. And I'll give you example after example of that, in Russia, in Ukraine, around the world in Libya. That's what's wrong. And until we understand that, it's not gonna stop. And Donald Trump's people need to understand that we're not playing tiddlywinks out in the school yard.


We're playing with bad people. I Agree. I I, yeah, as I've said, I've, I've, I've seen it up close. So I know that you're telling the truth. What they do to my family is outrageous. So, So this happens, and in the final month of a campaign with Three Weeks, three weeks with this challenger who doesn't live in your district, who all of a sudden has, I think I'm remembering this correctly, A lot of his money came from California. All of It. All of it. And then we find out, Tucker, and I'll give it to you. We get a memo, my staff does some digging, what's going on? And we find a memo that was sent to my staff in September, a month before this from the National Republican Congressional Committee to my campaign committee saying, Hey, for some reason, your opponent just cut his TV by for one week in October by $500,000.


The week was the week they raided my daughter's house because, you Know, he wouldn't need it. So they told the Democrats the week they were gonna raid my daughter's house. I believe It because they didn't need the advertising that week. But what's crazy if, if you think about it, and by the way, I should say of of Sestak, who always thought was just such a reptile, but he had kind of like the perfect views. He was very liberal socially, but on foreign policy questions. He was just, he's a loser. National security state. He's a loser. Perfect. National security state. He's An embarrassment. And I'll say it publicly, he's an embarrassment. Oh, I, I couldn't. And what he did to my family, I'll never forget. So, but that's the Bush Justice Department. Absolutely. That's the Bush F fbi.


I, it's the, it's the, it's the mu And I wrote a letter to Mueller, which I'll give you a muell Copy. Mueller was FBI Director Then. Yes. I wrote a personal memo to him on LinkedIn, write to his personal self. And I said, Mr. Mueller, I respect you personally for being a Marine, but you're a scumbag for what you did to my family. So did you call over to the White House and say like, what the hell is going on? I called Carl Rove, he said, get a good lawyer. That's, and I have no respect for Carl Rove. Well, no one does. And I'll tell you that story on another show. Wait, so, but your daughter's house gets raid. She doesn't get charged with anything. The FBI never even not, Doesn't talked to Matt Chart. Doesn't even get talked to. No one And CNN where I'll admit it, I then worked, we took, you Know, the, the only person that defended me, Who You are gonna laugh, No, probably not Joe Scarborough.


I believe that he was on my committee. Joe s Scarborough, I'll give you the article, defended me and said, Congressman Wal will never do anything like this. And the stupid jerk reporter said, oh, Scarborough, I don't know what he's talking about. Joe s Scarborough was the only one at that time who really publicly aggressively defended. I, I, I believe that. And I knew Joe very well, very well then. And he Was on my committee on Arm Street. He's not a stupid person by the way. Whatever Joe's many faults, he's not dumb. And he gets how politics work, But he won't talk to me now. Of course Not. Okay, so you call Carl Rove and you say like, what the hell, Carl Rove, what is going on here? And he just says, he said, get A good lawyer. That was it. Yeah. He's the same scumbag that when I told him that, I told this company in Florida that was being harassed to hire a lobbyist.


I told him to hire Bob Dole. And he started screaming at me on the phone. He said, who are you to tell anybody to hire Bob Dole's law firm? I said, Bob Dole's a war hero. He's a credible person. He said, don't you know his partner is? I said, I have no idea who his partner is. Who his partner was. Ian Richards from Texas. What does that have to do with somebody doing national security issues? Because Carl Road was from Texas and his nemesis in Texas was Bob Dole's partner. He didn't want them to benefit. That's what he's like. That's exactly what he's like. He's a small fat man. There's no doubt about that. Very small.


So we're not positive if cryptocurrency is the future of finance, but we do know that what we have now is broken and dangerous. Debt has never been higher in this country. Many of our so-called leaders are getting rich, serving you. It's a scam. So where does it go? Well, thankfully there are options. Donald Trump has said repeatedly, he wants the United States to be the crypto capital of the world. He's already created the Crypto advisory Council and recently signed an executive order to establish a Bitcoin strategic reserve. This could give normal people an alternative to the government's failing system and frankly, to the US dollar. I'm not saying put all your money outside the US dollar, but like, don't be crazy. Don't be stupid here. You can see where it's going. So the people at I Trust Capital can help you get in to this. It's complicated for people who aren't following it. They make it easy. They're based a hundred percent in the United States of America. We looked into this, they service only American investors And they operate the only platform that allows you to buy and sell crypto 24 7, both inside and outside of your tax advantage to IRA. And it all happens on one easy to use dashboard. They'll also operate a closed loop system, meaning that bad actors can't access your account and steal your money. So if you're considering adding Bitcoin, if you want to, or some other cryptocurrency, your PO portfolio I trusts can be trusted and it's easy to understand. Irus capital.com or click the link below.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet shop pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are, visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. Put a price. They have my favorite brand, just like a whole new bu ah, I can buy two. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah, Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


Wow. Okay. So that's kind of, that's the end of your political career. Well, it's the end of my public career, but I have a lot of friends. I know. I I got that. I have a Lot of people that support now. People want me to talk and I am talking because Trump's in power and the only thing they can do And they can kill me now. Two of my friends were killed, or I think they were killed. One was threatened by a, a guy that was running to be the head of the CIA. He got a call and this guy that was, was in Florida, John Quirk was career intelligence for the CIA. And he helped me. He gave me all the internal stuff of what they were doing to try to, they tried to portray me as a Russian spy of all this stupidity. Right? Well, been there. So right. So called me And he said, you won't believe who I got a call from. He told me the guy's name.


He said, the guy said to me, why are you helping Kurt Weldon? And, and Jo Jo Quirk said, because Kurt Weldon's a patriot. The guy slammed down the phone. That guy's a multimillionaire of New York right now. Multimillionaire made his money off the backs of the American people. What happened to your friend? You think he was murdered? I think he was given a, they both had fast moving cancer. And that's a typical process that the agency uses overseas when they wanna get rid of somebody. I'm Aware of that. Most people are not aware of that. But do, do you know that to be true? That that is a I don't, I don't, I can't prove it. No, But do you know that, I know they both died suddenly. The, the US government has the technology to Absolutely, Absolutely infect people with fast moving cancer.


Absolutely. Yeah. As they do with the, you know, I, in 1997, I did the first hearing on asymmetric threats. I was the chairman of the research committee and I focused on four threats. The, and You can read about them. And the first threat was the use of drones, which nobody was using. Then the second was cyber attacks, which is now a big deal. The third was EMP. People don't even know what EMP is. Yes. I was the leader of that. I wrote EMP legislation and the fourth was cognitive warfare. People don't understand cognitive warfare. And today our intelligence agencies trying to pretend they don't know what it is, like, oh, we don't know what that is because the, the Russians have used it and the Chinese, they called Havana Syndrome. Right. We know What it's the directed energy Weapons Directed energy weapons. But you believe that, and the only reason I'm pushing on this is because I know for a fact that highly informed people in other countries with, you know, real intel services who are not crazy or sophisticated, take it as a matter of fact that it is possible to transmit fatal cancer from one person to another or from a machine to a person.


And you, and you know that that's true. I don't know that the details, I know the research that was being done when I was chairman of the oversight committee for research was very provocative. And we need members of Congress. They're unafraid to get fully immersed in understanding what we're doing and why we're doing it. The problem with the members of Congress is that there are good members in both parties, but they get staffers who have career goals. Yes. And their career goal might be to go work at the Pentagon or go work for the agency. Yes. So they get compromised midway through. You can't have that. You gotta have people to understand their loyalty. It's gotta be for the country and for what their original goal. And that's why it's so important that we, and, and the old, the ultimate goal here is to have this presidential commission on nine 11 to hold people accountable and to let The president appoint a commission that ask the questions of what really happened both intelligence wise and with the actual structure so that we understand and then we make those people accountable.


Believe me, when we do that, then you shake the system up. I Agree with that. And, and I think it's really important to begin declassifying. A lot of things that the US government has done with our money in our name over the past 60 years. You know, starting with the Kennedy assassination, which The president, you know, has issued an executive order on January 23rd to declassify, hasn't, hasn't happened. M-L-K-R-F-K, et cetera, et cetera. We should know what happened in the, in Butler Township in July. But I think the big, the big story is nine 11 and every, the reason Is all those happened decades ago. And I agree with you. Nine 11 is only 24 years ago. And I have all the information. I have the firefighters ready to go. I have the tapes of the firefighters and what they saw and heard.


I have all the architects and engineers and all their 3000 of them risking their careers. I have the lawyers, I have the families, everybody's ready to go. All Trump has to do is name a new presidential commission. Let them do the investigation. We'll give them all the material and then we'll show the country that we cannot, we will not allow these people to, to commit these kinds of out. They're not even unscrupulous. They're outrageous and scandalous and notorious acts against our nation. Imagine planning to kill American people. I can't begin to think of that. Okay. So, but you've also just said that two friends of yours died of fast moving cancer. I don't know that I, my Well they died of cancer. Died of cancer, right.


But you think that the, the people who are hiding the truth about nine 11 are capable of murder? Absolutely. Absolutely. Well, I guess that would be obvious. Since 3000 people were murdered that day, just like Libya. We, we were the ones that caused Gaddafi's death because Hillary Clinton played a game over there. And I, I was the one that went over there during the war. Kaddafi asked me to come over. I took a Biden staffer and a Bush staffer and a film crew, a leader from a, b, c one in New York, Larry mentee with me and a cameraman. 'cause I didn't want the ca to set me up. I hand carried a letter back from Kaddafi offering to resign. The US didn't want him to resign, they wanted to kill him. Why? Because Kaddafi, and I met him three times. I took Biden on my second trip to Libya, by the way he went with me when I spoke to the whole country at every meeting I had with Kaddafi.


He wanted two things. He wanted to unite the African continent into, into a group of nations economically, like European, Stan Gold, like the European economy he went to based on the gold standard and the US and Europe didn't want that. And the other thing is they wanted control of his oil And they wanted control of his sovereign wealth. So Gaddafi had to go, that's outrageous and it's wrong. Yeah. But that I think sounds right to me. I mean, but we've Allowance so many of our kids to be drawn into conflicts to be killed. And these people doing this are, they've never served in any capacity in our country. They've never been in the military. They've never served on a fire ground. And, and it's outrageous that they think they can get away with this and sit back and make all this money. It's Outrageous.


I couldn't agree more. So what, let's get to nine 11 itself. And, and you were so deeply involved in so many parts of this personally that it's, I think it's easy to go off on different tangents, but just to the extent that You can describe what you know to be true. You said don't wanna speculate as to motive, for example, but what you know to be true. What do you think the core truth of nine 11, September 11th, 2001 is? What I, I, I don't, at this point in time, I have my own perceptions. I don't have something I can give a hundred percent. I can't swear on, but I, what I'm seeing bothers me to the core of my body that nine 11 did not happen because a group of hijackers got control of some planes.


First of all, I have confirmed that two of the hijackers that were on one of the planes in New York were working for the CIA. They were on the CIA payroll. And that was confirmed to me by someone in writing from one of our agencies. And I have that letter. So two of the people involved were actually working for the CIA in one of the planes. I know that. And they lost control of them. And there were reprimands against those agency people after the fact. Second, I know the intelligence, they tried three times to transfer the information about information that could have prevented nine 11. That's fact To the, to the Justice Department. And I have the name of the person that at the Justice Department, they contacted and she was told to cancel the meetings.


They couldn't have the meetings. Who, who did that order come from? Who that's, That, that's what needs to be investigated. Okay. And then we have John Crane, the Inspector General of the Pentagon, who went to the extent of issuing a request for whistleblower status because he was told to lie to the Congress and lie about pre nine 11 intelligence and able danger. And then we have general, the, the book by the general in his comments that he knew within seconds of none of this is in the nine 11 commission report. The nine 11 commission report is a piece of garbage. Well then you also have it. I don't, I mean, this is just a fact. I don't know what to make of it. But you have a guy called Alex Jones who's a broadcaster who said summer that the World Trade Centers are getting hit by planes and a guy called Osama Lan and is gonna be blamed.


He said that on tape with a timestamp. So we know that that actually happened. That's not, not making it up. It's not a conspiracy theory. He said that. And it's like, how would he know that that's so far out of the realm of what anyone was thinking in Washington where I lived at the time that, so then my question is, okay, if I am Philip Zel, the guy running the nine 11 commission, I'm calling Alex Jones immediately saying, come on in under oath, and we're gonna find out how did you know that? And instead, the US government, the FBI in particular, set about to destroy Alex Jones and, and almost succeeded. I mean they engineered a billion dollar judgment against him, et cetera, et cetera. But they really have like tried to to, to kill him for saying that. And it's like, if you wanted to get to the truth, why would you act that way?


Why would you knock you out of Congress? At the time, at The time, I I of nine 11, I had been to the World Trade Center in 93, the governor of New York, Mario Cuomo called my office, talked to me personally, thanked me for coming up. He watched my one hour presentation. I was back up there with Ray Downey. I brought Ray Downey's widow and fab kids down in my district after nine 11 to honor him as a hero. I, I was up all during the nine 11 incident at ground zero. And I did everything I could to, and I felt responsible. Do you know the nine 11 commission would not let me testify before the commission. Now I'm a firefighter, I'm a fire chief, I'm a state fire instructor. I spent my whole career helping protect people from disasters.


The nine 11 commission. Even those, my experience as a member of Congress, vice Chairman of Defense and Homeland Security, would not call me to testify, would not call me to go in and speak before the non because they knew what I would say. So when the commission said it's gonna issue its report, which was in and when, When? Pardon interrupt. What year was that? It Was when the report was released. I think it was 2005. So what I did, the, the report was being released in the ways and means Room of the Cannon building. I went over, I sat in the front row to be the first one. Lee Hamilton and Tom King were up there. Good people. I don't blame them. Yeah. It wasn't them. It was the staffers that controlled this. It wasn't the commissioners. This was a Zel How Guy. That's right. Zeal and Reek and Dieter Snell.


Dieter Snell was the staffer working for them. Ja, Jamie Reek, who gr who was a Clinton DJ Pointee, who wrote the firewall memo that said you can't transfer military intelligence to civilian law enforcement. I think Bill Crystal's cousin too. Unless I'm misremembering That, I don't know. Maybe that's the case i's so, I think, so I sat in the front row and I said, Lee, why did you not allow me to testify? And he said to me, well Congressman, you know, we had a lot of people that wanted to testify. Now I'm the representative of all the firefighters in the country. I'm the point person for the firefighters. Yes, I'm a firefighter in the fire chief. I've been at the Trade center in 93. I had been there in in nine 11. And they would not let me testify 'cause they didn't wanna hear what I had to say. What would you have said? And what I would've said that is that we caused this. What Do you Mean we with the intelligence, the, the i I have the evidence that we, we could have stopped this.


Not me. Louis Free said that based upon what I came out with, Louis Free's op-ed and the Wall Street Journal, which I can give you a copy of, said the, the nine 11 commission was an incomplete investigation. And he also went on Good Morning America and said the same thing. They tried to blame Louis free because Louis Free had left the FBI the year before nine 11 happened. So he was their scapegoat. And I, to this day, I think Louis's very upset over that. Yeah, yeah. I believe that. So the, the Only way around this is to have a new, for the firefighters of America and for our country to have an independent commission be appointed and give that commission full authority to take this wherever it goes, including the end result.


And the end result may be very ugly. I I, there's this a sense in which that's pretty obvious. I mean like why, why is anything from nine 11 still classified? It's our country. It happened to 3000 of our fellow Americans. We have an absolute right to know what happened. It's not even a question. And it was almost 25 years ago. So like, spare me your lectures about national security. But can I ask you this? So by the way, I never questioned anything about nine 11 and I actively attacked people who did. I'm ashamed of that. But that's a fact. I did it on tape more than once. 'cause my feeling was, well, you know, like that's divisive or whatever. I was a child and an idiot. But the what began to make me wonder, and I have no idea what happened to nine 11, but it's very clear that there's a lot of lying around.


It was the collapse of building seven and all the wackos would be like building seven, building seven. I'd be like, shut up wackos. And then if you just sort of look at it, you're like, well that is very weird actually. No plane hit that building and it Does this happen a lot when buildings catch fire? Yeah, right. Okay. I, Besides being a firefighter, I worked for the INA largest insurance company in North America. I was responsible for training their fire protection arson people for 18 years. That doesn't happen. You never have a 47 story building just collapse. Which this is even Donald Trump. I have a tape of him speaking on nine 11 and Donald Trump, which I'll give you a copy of. I've Seen it. Yeah. In his own words says that's controlled demolition. Yeah. I Mean it, it certainly looks that way. I mean, look, I don't know.


See Here's what they did. They brought in nist, they brought in NIST to do a report. Can you tell Us what NIST Is? NIST is the, the National Institute for Standard and Technology to do an assessment. Now they're like any other federal agency And there are good people there, but there are people that want their jobs and want their careers and they're not gonna rock the boat. And they came out with a report that's hogwash. The University of Alaska, which is an ex very credible engineering department, did a full refutation of a NIST report saying it's full with gaps and full with inaccuracies and areas where they did not get the right information. Let me just say this to you. People say, well, you can't question nist. NIST always does the right thing. When I went to congress, Tucker, in my first term, I'm two doors from the speaker's office speaker Jim Wright.


His office catches on fire at seven o'clock at night as a firefighter. I go up, punch the door open, get down on my hands And he crawl in the kitchen's fully involved. This is all documented. You can read about it. And said to my staffer, go get me the portable extinguishers. Three of the five weren't charged. I said, go get me the hose in the hose station. There was no hose in the hose station. I come back out and I say, we gotta evacuate the building. Now I'm in my first term, it's a seven story building above ground, no sprinklers, no detectors, no alarms. Here is the building, one of the seven, six office buildings hold held holding the house and the Senate in violation of every building code and fire code in America.


Now I'm an ex expert on NFPA 1 0 1, the Life Safety Code and the Boca Codes. This building, if NIST did its job, NIST would've said, if you're gonna be in Congress, you're gonna work in a building where your constituents who are blind and handicapped are not gonna feel threatened. Seven stories above ground, no alarm system, no detection system. So a fire's occurring and the police are running through the building yelling, fire, get out. That's the pr you cannot trust the federal agencies. Obviously I of course that's obvious now, but tell us like from an engineering perspective, like what, you had three buildings come down, sort of collapse in on themselves, implode it looked like, and like a lot of people have said many credible, non, non-crazy people have said that was controlled demolition.


Was it? Well, when I got up there the day after I, I I had been in the trade center at the restaurant on the top several times. There's no way those two buildings could have collapsed into what they were there. Something had to happen. Was that obvious to you immediately? Yeah, absolutely. 'cause it, you know, And they were looking for other firefighters like Ray Downey and the 342 others that were trapped and eventually vaporized. So something happened whether there was, And they, there's a, there's a, a high explosive material, I think it's called mite that is used to explode metal and steel and vaporize it. And that tests were never done on that. There were some limited tests that found that there was some evidence of that. But it, that the whole thing never was subjected to the kind of investigation that would be warranted.


When 3000 people die, I mean when you have 3000 people die, you would think it would be a full massive investigation. Not going after nine 11 obviously. But what happened to the buildings and why'd they come down? They're the only high rise buildings in the world that have ever come down from an airplane hitting them. And those buildings, I read the report from the architect who designed them. They were designed to withstand an airplane hitting the building for and standing tall for sure. And especially building seven, which had no plane hit it. Right, No plane hit it. And the building just, You can see it when you watch it on tv, it just implodes straight down. And what really got, got me again, was the Orio Palmer that the battalion chief arising on the well Tell, tell, tell us who he was.


What is, okay? Orio Palmer was one of the most inspirational battalion chiefs in New York. Who? And F-D-N-Y-F-D-N-Y Who immediately in very good shape had a family. A couple of kids went in the building soon as they got on the scene, took the elevator up to the 40th floor, got off the elevator, and You can hear him on the comm system. Say, I'm here 40th floor. We're gonna start walking up the stairwells every five floors. He radios back to communication. I'm on the 50th floor, everything's okay, we're on floor 60, everything's okay. He's going up every so many floors. He gives a report. He reaches the 78th floor, the floor of impact. He comes outta the stair tower. And as clear as you listening to me here, and I know I get passionate and I apologized.


No, it's all minister for that. He says, we're on floor 78, the floor of impact. We've got two fires and we can handle them. One minute later, the whole building collapses. That's not normal. That is not acceptable. That is not what happened. And This is on tape. It's on tape. The film is called Bravo seven. And if your viewers want it, if they contact you, I'll give it to you. It's free. It was produced not by Hollywood, it was produced by firefighters. And it includes the footage, including the firefighter of vi, the footage of the firefighter communication between him and the command center. You can hear him as plain as day saying, I'm on the impact floor floor 78, we have two fires here.


We can control them. And he's comfortable. He's not worrying about the building collapsing. He just walked up 38 floors and the whole building collapses Tucker. It's a big lie. Okay, can I like what, okay, two things. What percentage of firefighters who were there that day are knowledgeable about building fires? Bel agree with you on this. Well, The, I have the utmost respect for the Fire Department of New York. When I wrote the manuscript Able Danger, which I didn't publish because my lawyer said they would kill me back in 2006. I never published it. I'm gonna publish it this year, last summer in July, I took a copy up, a draft copy of the manuscript and I met for two hours with John Esposito.


He's the chief. He's a great man of total respect for him. And John knows me. And I said, John, you know my respect for the department. And I said, yes, Congressman, we know that. I said, I want to give you this copy of my manuscript and I'm signing it in honor of Ray Downey for you to keep in your archives. This is what really happened. He took it, I felt I owed it to the fire department of New York and their members. There has been this subtle pressure to the firefighters and to the officers not to talk for obvious reasons. You know what this involves politically? And look what happened to the chief of la. The female chief of LA comes out and says that the resources were taken away from her for the fuel forest fires.


And what does the mayor do? She fires her. That was just a few weeks ago. The firefighters are always a scapegoat. That's why, Tucker, I'm done with this. If it's the last thing I do, firefighters are not gonna be taken for granted anymore. We're gonna rise up, we're gonna shake the country to its roots. Firefighters are not second class citizens. Well, They should certainly shouldn't be. But If they talk, they'll, they'll get, they'll get sidelined, they'll be called crazies. Even those, they heard explosions. They can't be, they can't be allowed to say that they Heard explosions. Yeah, Absolutely. It's on tape. What we have people coming outta the buildings that heard explosions. We have film footage of people that talked to Fox News that was taken off the air and then now that was brought back by X.


That's all available. That's why you need a commission to go back and look at all the lies. Wait, So there are, and pardon my ignorance, but there are people on tape saying, I heard explosions. Yes, absolutely. 100% multiple people. So The counter to this, which is also kind of rooted in common sense, is wow, that would require a lot of people to be involved in a vast conspiracy and to stay silent for 24 years. And that's just impossible. 'cause people talk. Not a lot of people, not a lot of people would involve a very, very precise action of planning and, you know, taking steps to control the situation. And I, again, I I have no firsthand evidence of this.


That's why this is the most important thing. If there's one thing that you have the ability to do, because you're very well respected and deservedly so, you coming out and showing that report, that request put out by the firefighters of America and by the people who are, excuse me for doing that. No problem. The people who are the most impacted by this, yes, I've helped them. Now I'm not, I'm not, there's no money in this for me, I'm, everything I'm doing is pro bono. Yeah, pro bono, a new presidential commission. There was no presidential commission before. This would be the first presidential commission. We recommend you take this moment to do what we're about to do, which is enjoy an alp.


Big tech Is a bull in a China Shop. Big tech is taking advantage of outdated federal regulations that just might put local TV and radio stations out of business. It's time to modernize Washington's restrictions on TV and radio station ownership. Visit nab.org/modernize the rules and tell policymakers to let local stations compete this message paid for by the National Association of Broadcasters.


Wait, can I ask though, like if we find out, I mean, one of the reasons I became so upset was actually an Alex Jones guy years ago at some campaign event. I was covering, you know, nine 11, building seven. And I was like, shut up asshole. You know, I don't, no one wants to hear that. And I was being a child and ignorant as I have admitted many times, and I was wrong because you should always be for the truth no matter what. On the other hand, I think my instinct was informed by the feeling that wow, if we find out that US government officials or foreign officials or or anybody is hiding the truth about an event that murdered 3000 American totally innocent people.


Like that's how could your country continue if you found out it Would be almost as bad as if there were people in our country who planned to allow Bin Laden to stay in Iran while we sent kids to Afghanistan and 2,500 came back in body bags. It would be almost as bad. No, you're right. No, you're right Tucker. The American people don't understand. I was in decisions as vice chairman of the committee where I heard conversations talk about acceptable casualties. There are no acceptable casualties. I agree. If I have a son or a daughter and I'm the youngest of nine, my brothers and sisters served in every branch of the military, none of them would be acceptable casualties. And if we had people that made the decision that we can afford to get people over in Afghanistan knowing that several thousand are gonna come back dead, if there's no, we've gotta find an alternative to that.


And if we didn't do it there, then we shouldn't do it in the us Do I think nine 11 is going to be the biggest scandal in our lifetime and beyond? Yes. I think it's gonna be the biggest scandal in the history of America because it occurred on US soil and because it is so recent that we have relevant information still available. Right? That's right. We have recorded information, we have personal information once people realize they can talk and not be afraid of being killed or not being afraid of being ostracized. And you know, what gets me is reporters who call people. You know, conspiracy theorists. Well, that's all the agency does.


I know they're the ones that create the conspiracies. I'm aware. I mean, cut me a break. I'm aware they have Whole courses for their agents on how to make people look like they're conspiracy Theorists and the propaganda operations designed to discredit. Exactly right. And So all we want is the truth, Of course. So Trump appoint people of impeccable integrity. Let them study the facts. I will testify under oath, everything I know about intelligence, let these 3000 architects who are risking their careers, making nothing, let them testify under oath. So Let me ask you a, a very dark question. I don't even know if I want the answer, but Flight 93, which question, your state in Shanksville, Pennsylvania became a kind of, and you feel obviously so crushed for the people, Todd Beamer and the rest on that flight, And they sound like they acted bravely and all that.


But you know, Dick Cheney, The president Bush was hiding at off at Air Force Base, refused to come back to DC because of cowardice. And so Cheney was kind of running everything on that day on September 11th. And he said, it's been reported, you know, he gave the orders to shoot down that plane, but then they told us, no, it wasn't shut down. The hijackers were under assault by the passengers. And so they drove it into the ground. Do you think that plane was shut down by the US government? I I don't have any evidence of that, but I I've seen other speculation that that plane may have been heading for the Chicago Tower. And if it wasn't for the people on the plane that diverted it and turned it around, that's where it was heading for sure. Well, clearly it was, it was that plane was gonna be used to kill Americans. No doubt. And I lost a constituent that was a pilot on one of the planes, Michael Horrocks, who went to Westchester, the same school I went to, and I immediately contacted his widow and raised the funds to build a playground in his honor at the elementary school for his kids.


So I felt it personally that the, this story is a story that America has to come to grips with this because if there's one story, it's gonna determine whether or not we are a country of what we all claim to be. Then as painful as it is, we have to learn the lessons from that. If we don't and we allow these people that were involved in these coverups, and in my case, I, the people I'm talking about are covering up without any hesitation, the intelligence side of it. If we don't do that, then this is just inviting this to happen again and again. Right. And it's, and it's gonna continue. You can't have that in a country like ours. We're supposed to be the symbol around the world and we, we get laughed at by people.


The people in Libya know what we did and why we did Kaddafi North Korea. We are the solution for North Korea that Colin Powell endorsed that I worked on with, with a bipartisan delegation that the White House under Bush didn't want. And, and look at now North Korea is threatening an attack. All of these things we create and the American people don't have access to know the truth, then we're not really what we say we are. Who are the darkest actors in the Bush administration, do you think? I I I can't name any anyone. I mean, Sandy Berger in my opinion, should have been tried for treason before. So Sandy Berger was, I agree. Well, he committed treason, so he should have been, he's passed now. I knew him. He was a national security advisor for Bill Clinton. So tell us, tell us, you've made reference to him for those who don't remember or getting their history from Wikipedia, who was Sandy Berger and, and why do you think he committed treason?


And Wikipedia, by the way, has no credibility. I'm very aware of that. They, they, they're basically a, it's a controlled, I'm Aware process to manipulate what? And, and you, you don't really know that until I know it. Just because, you know, you get older and like there are some things in Wikipedia it's like, wait, I was there. I, I know that that's not true. The things About Sandy, Sandy Berg, Sandy Berger was when this all started, he was security advisor for Clinton in the nineties. And as a member of the Cox Commission, which was a formal commission established by the Congress made up of nine members Headed by Congressman Chris Cox of California. That's right. Five Republicans, four Democrats, all committee chairs except me. I was appointed by Newt. And we spent six months behind closed doors looking at all the data about why China stole our technology.


And what we ended up with was a nine to zero vote. Our security was severely harmed by China's acquisition of technology. And Chris Cox warned a nine to zero vote. I went beyond that and working with the people that I had befriended that were doing the able danger stuff. I said, why did this happen? And they produced charts for me, which I have given to you to show the process that China established and China did what we do. We try to spin other countries. That's part of the game for sure. Yeah. And it's legitimate. Yes. But if you get caught by that, that's your fault. China set up a process using money through their central military commission, the People's Liberation Army, to set up front companies to deliberately acquire selected technology in the US by using campaign donations primarily to the Clinton campaign in the mid nineties.


The charts show that you have those charts, those donations resulted in waivers of arms control agreements. Those donations involved in waivers of controls over technology and all the technologies are listed. Those charts show that four Chinese nationals who had no citizenship rights here gained access to the White House in some cases 49 times in one year that were raising money for the Democratic National Party. And Clinton, all of that was orchestrated by Sandy Berger politically. In the end, what happened was we basically empowered China to acquire our technology by allowing them to use campaign donations.


And The best example I can give you of this is there was a very specific inquiry done by the Justice Department of the Loral Corporation in California, Loral Corporation, very capable space company and technology company had been caught transferring stage separation technology to China stage separation technology allows you to have a multistage missile to go long distances. Yes. Which Is required for in to inter intercontinental And China didn't have that. They didn't have that capability. So they got it. So Loral Corporation was caught transferring that it's a violation. So the Justice Department, this is public information, was about ready to indict the CEO.


Bernie Schwartz. Bernie Schwartz went to Sandy Berger and received, this is public information. A retroactive presidential waiver. Retroactive presidential waiver. The technology had already been transferred. Now they get the waiver that it's okay. And that year Bernie Schwartz becomes one of the single biggest donors in the history of the Democrat party. I put all the donations in the congressional record so anyone can go back into congressional record to that time period and look for my speech. And you'll see the donations of Sandy Berger to the Democrat National Party and Al Gore and, and Bill Clinton while we were giving our technologists.


So China didn't steal it, they outsmarted us. That's our fault, not their fault. Right. They bribed our officials. They bribed, they bribed. So that's the first thing with Sandy Berger. Then Sandy Berger was involved in the run up to nine 11, And he was still Clinton's security advisor. He was told he had to appear before the nine 11 Commission. So two weeks before he was to appear, he gets permission to go to the National Archives in Washington and He goes up to the top floor in a special room. It's a big empty room. And he didn't realize he was on camera. They bring out documents that he has to see. Before his testimony, he said it was to refresh his memory, he ends up stealing those documents in a case that many remember and laugh about.


He stuffed the documents in his underwear and his socks and his shirt pocket. You, you've seen this story and of course it's all true. Of course. He leaves the archives with those National Security archives all pre nine 11 intelligence. And by the way, none of this is in a nine 11 commission report. None of it. That's not mentioned. No. He leaves the archives. We note those documents were, well, I'll tell you what happened. He gets caught, the Inspector general for the archives contacts Berger and said, Mr. Berger, did you take anything while you're in the archives? And he says, no, that's a felony. He lied to a federal agent. He then hires one of Clinton's personal lawyers. That lawyer cuts a plea bargain. Sandy Berger pleads guilty to 11 felonies lying to a federal agent, stealing five documents and destroying five documents.


The plea bargain he gets is one misdemeanor, no jail time. He loses security clearance for one year. In the August before my election loss, I told my staff, I want to go to the archives to see copies. What we think Berger stole. The CIA called my office and said, tell your boss that it's very sensitive information. Like what do you have to tell me? What I, what my job is? I know what my job is. I don't need to be reminded by somebody from some agency. So I went there. The documents were all regarding pre nine 11 intelligence. The money Millennium after action report, which was prepared by John Ashcroft, was part of the documents that they didn't want the nine 11 commission to have.


Sandy Berger stole those documents. If you stole documents that are in national archives, you'd be in jail right now. Sadie Berger got away with it. One felony, he leaves the administration of Clinton And he forms a company. Guess what the company's called Stonebridge, I think hires Madine Albright. Stonebridge Albright. And what do they do? They represent Chinese corporations. Disgusting people. Both now gone. Both now gone. Do we know what was in those five documents? Well, I well I went down there, I looked at what we think he stole was Paul pre nine 11 Intelligence Suggesting that, Suggesting that they should have known we could've taken action. Yeah, well we know that Clinton could have taken out Bin Laden in the base camps many times.


I mean all of this. And there's much more intrigue that I don't know about. That's why it needs a thorough investigation. Not of staffers, not of hacks, but if people of intellect and people who are willing to put the country first. That's why Trump needs to convene a commission. This is all so heavy that, you know, you wonder who would take that job. Now I have people who will take it. I have firefighters that will take it. Fire engineers. I have people will surprise you. That will take the job. That would take true courage. You know what, I Think no one even mentions Declassifying nine 11. I mean it's like, oh, the Kennedy Association, UAPs. I mean, I'm all for, I'm all for disclosure because we own the government.


We're shareholders. We're not slaves. So that's my view. I always push for disclosure and I really mean it. But a nine 11, I don't even know anyone who wants. I do, but I don't know anybody else other than you who really wants full disclosure because it's like, You can feel it glowing. You just feel like, I don't know what that is. But that's really scary. Scary people are fair. You know why everybody in Washington gets caught up with their, with their careers, with their consultant fees, with their, you know, I'm done with that. You know, I'm still paying the mortgage on my house Actually. Yeah. Actually paying the mortgage on my house At what Age? 77. Amazing. Yeah. My, my wife's a nurse. You know, we don't have So you didn't get rich in Congress? No, I did Not get, I didn't get, I don't know how, I don't know how Biden and Obama, Obama was nothing in the Senate.


How do you make $88 million in the Senate when you don't have a job? And, and, and I knew I grew up with and was a friend with, I mean, no, his, our kids went to school together. How does he have multiple houses at the beach? And, and you know, I, I don't need, I don't need wealth. I don't need wealth to be successful. And that's not my gonna be my legacy. But they, there are people and it makes me sick to my stomach because I'd like to name them. All right now Tucker, Well go, go ahead. Well, I, I have them down. You know, my partners Judge Sullivan? Yeah. Very distinguished. The former deputy director of the FBI, buck Rel, Jim Woolsey, former deputy, former head of the CIA, Chuck Brooks, who you got a note from.


Former top guy at Homeland Security, Admiral j Cohen, who was head of research. They all know what I know and a lot more people. I had lunch with Jim Jones twice last year, former security advisor to Obama. I don't wanna upend their careers, I don't wanna cost them money, but America, America needs to know the truth. But without naming specific names, I'm familiar with every person that you just mentioned. And I would say from my impression, having lived in DC for 40 years, those are good guys. I think Honest people. Yeah. But without naming anybody, like people who, and those are all very highly informed people. Like actually for real, not, not bullshit. No. They're All real people. Oh, Yeah, yeah, yeah. For real.


Of that, of those kind of people, how many that, you know, think, ah, this is not right. The nine 11 court, all Of them, but they're not gonna come out. But everyone kind of knows, but They're not gonna be the lead person to come out and take it on. And many people say, you know, Kurt, you're crazy. You know, you're well, Of course. Well, that's how they try to discredit you, Lady. You're right. You're screw I said, The only reason that I, I mean I've never done a nine 11 show, not a single one really, that I know maybe one in 30 years. 20, well now 24 years. But the only reason that I wanted to talk to you specifically is because I was there. And so I know how much you know, and you're not a fake person at all. You're like right at the center of it. So I think you have complete credibility on this topic, and I think it's pretty hard to dismiss you as a wacko.


If you're a wacko, then why were you gonna take over the Armed Services Committee? Like Why would Donald Rumsfeld endorse me for the WA armed service? C And if you're still paying your mortgage at 77, you clearly weren't ripping anybody off. I had no Secret bank account Clearly. So I do think you've got a lot of credibility, but it's just interesting. You're obviously very focused on this. The people, just to restate the people that you talked to who are in similar positions of authority, who would've access to in, you know, real, in Intel on this, they all think that the nine don't talk. They all think the nine 11 report was just silly coverup. They think that there's a lot more to what happened than what's being told. The firefighters think the same.


But a firefighter who's doing their, you know, the key thing and why I devote my life to firefighters, they're the most powerful people in the country. They're not driven by power and no money. But when I organized them back in 1987 and the fire caucus became the largest in the Congress, I said, these are the people that make America work. Of course, I mean, they're the people that not just fight the fires in disasters, they're the people. It's where you vote on election day, of course. It's where you hold the Boy Scout and Girl Scout meeting room. And there are 50,000 stations run by 30,000 departments and 85% of 'em are volunteers. Do you know, next year as we celebrate the 250th anniversary of America, the fire service will be 290 years old. Yeah. The first fire department was formed by Ben Franklin in Philadelphia in 1736.


It didn't take a government to get people to come together to protect each other. It's older than America. And the 50,000 departments are in every town, every village. They're the heart and soul of our nation or the backbone of country. I know, I know That firsthand. And if you, and that's what I'm telling Trump, if you ignite that group of people, you don't need to have MAGA people alone. You have America then. Because in every poll, firefighters are 98% supported. They're The only ones everyone Likes 90. I totally agree. Because they're not driven by power and money. That's right. And that's why firefighters don't want to get involved in a political battle. Even if they know they're being shortchanged, even if they know their loved one was killed when they shouldn't have been killed.


They keep quiet. Well, I'm not gonna keep quiet. I'm their voice and I'm gonna speak out. So let me ask you one final question for people who've made it this far in the interview. And, and I should just, I wanna say for the record, I think you've been really restrained. You haven't speculated on really anything other than things you, you, you said, I saw this, I know this to be true, but you haven't given us some complex theory of why this happened. Oh, I Can't, I won't. Right? But for people who are, are thinking, wow, this is a little more serious than I realized and I wanna know more. And clearly Wikipedia is a filter, not a, a way to actually understand history. What should people, what responsible, credible accounts of nine 11 would you recommend people read?


Like where do you get closer to the truth? There, there there's no one single account that I have seen. I would suggest and, And they can go on. You know, I'm not on social media except on LinkedIn. And if you go to my LinkedIn, I'll send you a copy of Bravo seven. Bravo seven is a film one hour long done by firefighters, not done by Hollywood. And by the way, my, my film based on my book's coming out next year and all the proceeds of my film firefighter are going to firefighters. So nobody can say he's gonna make a profit off that. No, you'll still Be paying your mortgage. My Hollywood film is the proceeds are going to firefighters and it's about my book. But Bravo seven gives you the story of what really happened from the eyes of a firefighter.


And then it has the audio comments of Oreo Palmer. And if you're a human being and you listen to that brave firefighter with two kids, I think two or three kids who's risking his life after he went up 40 floors in the elevator, climbing up 38 floors with his team arriving on the floor of impact and saying, I can handle it. And if we let him die there, like it was just some random thing, then we're not human beings of decency. I agree. We owe Oreo Palmer. We owe Ray Downey. Ray Downey told us 93 8 years earlier, this is gonna happen again. Ray Downey told us in the Gilmore Commission we needed to have this fusion center.


We allowed unnamed scumbags in the CIA to block us from having a fusion center. We allowed unnamed scumbags in the agencies to block transferring the information that Scott Philpott and Tony Schaeffer and Eileen Pricer and Eric Kleinsmith had that they tried to transfer to the Justice Department And they also had information that the be before the attack on the SS Cole when they ruin the career of, of Kirk Lippo, the commander of the coal. And I defended him. If we're gonna truly be a country that really cares about other people and what we're doing, then we have to live up to that. That's right. And how can you send your kid to war or combat and all this crap about giving 'em a home and a place to live and help.


Well, great. Let's do it upfront. Let's prevent them from need a home. Let's prevent them from needing healthcare. Let's prevent them from having to, to be put in a, in a shoulder someplace. Let's focus on the veteran before they become disabled. Let's focus on the firefighter before they die. But see the media, the media and the intel Deep State likes to make it look like, well, we got all these charities out there. These charities allow us to give money, like we really care about them. Caring about them after they're dead is not the same as preventing 'em from dying. And that's what this is about, preventing 'em from dying. And I'm not gonna stop until we, until we take the necessary steps to never let this happen again. I'm grateful for your determination.


And the last thing I'll say is, I think when you give up the love of money, you, you get filled with a holy power and you clearly have been. So Congressman, Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it, good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell so you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter. Telling the truth always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.