
We're honored to announce that JD Vance, the Vice Presidential nominee, is confirmed for our live tour stop in Hershey, Pennsylvania next month. Tickets are on sale at Tucker Carlson dot com. We hope to see you. There'll be in cities all across the country starting next week. But first our interview with Bobby Kennedy Jr. His first since Endorsing Donald Trump on Friday here. It's so, people were shocked. I know. A lot of People, you know. Well, were shocked when you endorsed Trump. I was not shocked because for all the areas where you disagree on specific issues, there's a consistent theme that I've noticed in both of your lives, which is you've both spent the majority of your life, well, in your case, your whole life in the American ruling class.


And both of you decided that it was corrupt and that you were gonna say so out loud, at great risk. At great risk to both of you. And so it was probably just a matter of time before you aligned in some way. Is that how you see it? Yeah. I mean, I, you know, I think there's been a bunch of realignments, political realignment about four or five throughout American history, and I think we're going through one right now with the Democratic Party and with both political parties really changing in this very dramatic way. And even I talked earlier about the transformation of the Republican Party and the party of environmentalism.


Yes. And you know, where the Democratic Party has one now, one environmental issue, which is this cor carbon orthodoxy, which ends up benefiting, you know, the oil companies and BlackRock and Goldman Sachs with offshore wind and carbon capture a hundred billion dollar carbon capture projects, which is part of just the strip mining of the middle class. And that's the only issue You can talk about in the Democratic Party. I got into the environmental movement to do habitat protection. To do wildlife conservation Exactly. To get toxics out of our kids. Amen. And none of these are issues that Democrat at the party itself, Democrats care about 'em, but the party itself does.


And there's been these big profound alignments. And it's not only on that issue, it's really the, you know, the do domination of this, this corrupt merger of state and corporate power that is happening in Washington DC now, where our democracy has really been subverted by the industries that have taken over the regulatory agencies, and they become, transformed them into sock puppets for corporate profit taking and, and basically wholly owned subsidiaries of the industries they're supposed to regulate. And the Democrats, for a variety of reasons, I watched it happen over many, many years, have, have clung to this illusion of these democratic institutions that they're still democratic and they have a belief, we all have the capacity to judge ourselves on our intentions rather than our actions.


Yes. Right. And I've been there. So, and the Democratic party judged itself. It sees itself, my friends who are Democrats see themselves as part of the, the good guys, the white hats. And that, you know, they're, it's kind of, they're, they're like the, the good guys who are in Fort Apache surrounded by the, you know, the, the forces of barbarism that are about to storm the gate. And they're the only ones, the only way to to keep it at bay is to elect a president who has dementia. And because you're voting for the apparatus.


Yes. And you're not voting for, you know, even, or, or another pre, they're then to handpick a presidential county wouldn't without any elections to basically get rid of democracy in order to save it. And handpick a candidate who in 40 days now has not given a single interview on any media outlet. And I think about when my uncle and father would think about that, you know, they prided themselves on, on being able to go on, on debate. It was the centerpiece, you know, to the whole, you know, function of democracy was to ane ideas and the furnace of debate and, and have them rise up in, you know, the marketplace of ideas and to the idea that, you know, and, and we had this British tradition of Churchill and the others and the House of Commons, you know, and being able to defend their policies and being forced to defend their policies.


Yes. Articulately, eloquently. And, you know, my uncle and father just thought we should, ideas are important and we should be able to defend them. And if you can't defend them, there's something wrong with you. Yes. And you know why? So we have a, a presidential candidate that was selected by the Democratic Party who can't do that. And you know, one of the things that my uncle and father were always thinking about is how do we look to the rest of the world? Right? They, they were conscious that America was the template for democracy. When we created a modern democracy in 1789 or 1791, when the Bill of Rights was ratified.


We were the only democracy on Earth. By 1865 during the end of the Civil War, there were five and they were all modeled on America. And by the time my uncle took office, it was about 150. And by the time, by the end of the sixties, there's 190, they're all based on the, on American model. And, you know, we very much were the exemplary nation. We were the example of democracy around the globe. And people, and they were very conscious. They were, you know, they were embarrassed at f first by the Civil Rights movement. 'cause they said, what is the rest of the world gonna think about it? And then they realized, well, we better correct, you know, the problem.


Yeah. Because, but they, everything that they did, they were conscious that they were being watched. What does the rest of the world think of American democracy right now? That you know, that we, we have in one party selected a man with dementia to lead the free world, and then turned around and picked a person, a woman who cannot give an interview. She cannot defend American, her vision or America's record in the world. And then she gave this, you know, vice President Harris gave this speech at the convention that was written by neocons.


And they had CIA directors talking at this, at the Democratic convention, military people talking at the Democratic Convention. My father and my uncle were the party of, of antiwar. My uncle was asked by his best friend, bill Ben Bradley, one of his two best friends who ran the Washington Post, what do you want on your gravestone? Your epithet? And my uncle said immediately, he kept the peace. He said the primary job of a president of the United States was to keep the country out of war. He said he didn't want children in Africa and Latin America and Asia when they heard about the United States of America to think of a man with a gun.


They wanted him to think of a Peace Corps volunteer and the Alliance for Progress and U-S-A-I-D, which were programs that he created to build the middle class to en run the oligarchs and run the military hunters that used to receive a USAID and instead go directly to the poor and build institutions education and health and, and all the institutions of democracy to continue to model it for the rest of the world and live up to what we were supposed to be doing. Which is to encourage the growth of, of democratic rule. So now you have a, you know, we have a, a system that's produced, people who, you know, a candidate in the, in the, the, the, the Democratic party who, who can't even defend America's record in the world and who is, who is baring this kind of war mongering, you know, military domination, ideology that's gotten us in such trouble.


It's, it's caused a calamity in our country. It's gutted the middle class. It's made us a pariah around the globe. It's created, it led to the, the rise of bricks. It's leading to the rise of totalitarianism all over the world. And you know, I I'd say this finally that the de if you really look at what's happening in the Democratic party today, it's a party that the word demos in Greek means people. But it's a party that's lost faith in the people. It's a party that needs ironclad control. So they didn't trust anybody during to have a real election. They got rid of the primaries 'cause they didn't trust the people.


They then picked handpicked vice President Harris with no election, no even pretense election. 'cause they didn't trust the people. And you know, you have, and they're, they're the party now of censorship. And how can You have a democracy with censorship? You cannot have a democracy. And they're absolutely incompatible. And everybody knew that everybody, you know, you and I were raised reading Orwell and Elis Huxley and, and you know, Robert Heinlein and Alexander Soch needs and, and, and all of these other books that were part of classical literature that was taught in every American classroom.


That said, the first step to totalitarianism is always begins with censorship. It's the first step down that slippery slope. And there's no time that we look back in history and say, the people who were censoring speech with the good guys, there are always the bad guys because we knew, you know, we know that they're the guys who are gonna end up cracking the whip on us all. And, and, you know, being our, our overlords. And so, and then, you know, the whole thing about, like you and I were talked about that clip of, of Tim Waltz, a Governor Waltz saying that government should be the ultimate arbiter of what is protected speech and what is not.


You know, he said if something that the First Amendment does not protect misinformation, disinformation, but it does, the First amendment was, was written to protect not only true speech, but false speech and speech that not, not, it wasn't there. And it's unnecessary to protect the kind of speech that everybody wants to hear. It's there to protect the kind of speech that nobody wants to hear. Right. And, and, and especially speech that is critical of the people in charge. Exactly. And so in their current formulation, misinformation is defined as any speech that criticizes the God, the God that they're doing. So with that in mind, you see the Biden administration encouraging France Macron to arrest the owner and founder of Telegram, Pavel Durov, who's now, as of right now, in a French prison.


That seems like, I mean, that's the hallmark of dictatorship, it sounds to me. Yeah. Well, you know, we've lost Europe. Europe is now does not have free speech. You know, look what's happened to Elon Musk and here, Elon Musk should be the hero of the Democratic party, of the old Democratic Party. He wouldn't be the hero. Somehow he became a villain because he was actually the only, the only platform that would allow free speech on his platform. And he's now become a villain because of it. Because the Democratic party does not believe in the people. If you don't, if you, if, if you don't believe in free speech, it means because You don't trust the people. You don't trust them to, to figure it out on their own, you know, to, to, to have information on which they can base their ideas and their notions and their beliefs And their Votes and their votes.


And that the government has to, has to protect them from dangerous information, from things that might put bad ideas into their heads. And it's very patronizing, but it's also very manipulative and conniving. And really, it's exactly the opposite of democracy. And you will not find a single D Democrat who will, who will criticize it. It's really astonishing to me because the Democrats always like the, you know, when I endorsed Trump, the big, you know, the big, the kind of the, the, the fulcrum of the centerpiece of the text of hatred that I got back, this kind of seething anger, so many Democrats was, well look what he did on January 6th.


Okay. January 6th was a bad day in American history. And what President Trump did there, in my view was, was, was very bad. It was reprehensible. But but was the, was the republic really at risk? You know, we have the US military, we have the National Guard, you have, you know, they have all the institutions, we have congress, we have all these institutions of government. And I And there was a mob of people, most of them who probably didn't know what was happening. Some of 'em were very badly intentioned, were breaking the law. But it, it wasn't a threat to the republic.


What he is a threat. And this is what I, you cannot explain to a Democrat now. And it's astonishing to me, what is a threat is when the government is censoring your speech, political speech. And, you know, I just won Tucker last week, But that was the centerpiece of democratic ideology was free speech. Exactly. I mean, the word liberal means free speech. That's where it comes from. Oh, Is that must be weird for you being named Robert F. Kennedy Jr. And spending your entire life in this world. Like what, what's that like? It, it, I mean, I, that, you know, I, I, let me just say this.


I won a lawsuit. I won a, a, a new judgment and my lawsuit, Kennedy versus Biden last week. And Kennedy versus Biden was part of two lawsuits that were brought, won by the Attorney generals of, of Missouri and Louisiana and the other by me for the same issues, which was the Biden administration's censorship of speech. And so there's a series of decisions. There's 155 page decision. The, the attorney general's case went up to the Supreme Court and was rejected because they, the Supreme Court found that those attorney generals didn't have a standing to sue. 'cause they weren't directly harmed my case.


This week, the federal Judge Doty said Kennedy does have a standing to sue. And he reinforced re reissued his injunction against the Biden administration. Oh, I have an administration, I have an injunction right now against the Biden White House to enjoin them from censoring me, which they've been doing. They, the, the 155 page decision by Judge Doe details everything that happened. 37 hours after he took the oath of office President Biden's White House opened up a portal for the FBI to begin to have access to social media posts on all the different social media sites.


And they, the FBI then invited in the CIA, DHS, the IRS and cisa CISA is this new agency that is the center of the censorship industrial complex that is in charge of making sure Americans don't hear things that their government doesn't want them to hear. And those agencies and other agencies, including the health agencies like CDC, were given access to go into the social media sites and change posts and slow walk things and, and shadow ban posts that it was part of that effort.


And they removed my Instagram account. I had almost a million followers. I they say it was for misinformation, but they could not point to a single post that I ever made that was factually erroneous. And they actually, Facebook pushed back in the email chain, You can see Facebook pushing back at the White House and saying, wait a minute, he's not, this isn't misinformation. This is, this is not factually erroneous. What they're saying is actually true. And they had to invent a new word, which is called malformation, which is information that is factually true, but nevertheless inconvenient for the government. And that became disinformation, misinformation and malformation.


That's what that is. So everybody, and and isn't that illegal? That's illegal. Yeah. And the, and the emails show that Facebook, the people said this, these, they were saying about the White House and their private emails with each other. These people are cynical, you know, terrible people. And they knew what they were doing was breaking the law. But they were under tremendous pressure. I mean, Facebook has all these deals with the government and, you know, as do all the media companies with the intelligence agencies and, and elsewhere. Plus they, they were, the, the White House was overtly telling them that they were going to, if they didn't comply, that their section two 30 immunity was in jeopardy.


A section two 30 immunity. Yes. Is the, you know, is, is, just so that your listeners know what it is. I used to write for the New York Times regularly, every time I wrote lawyers an article, lawyers would call me and fact check everything in that article. Because if I wrote something that was defamatory in that article and somebody was defamed, that person could sue me, but they could also sue the New York Times. So the social media side said, we cannot hire lawyers to look at every post and call the people and check on it when, you know, on Facebook or Instagram.


So if this industry is gonna function, we need to be able to not be liable for what is published on our site. And that is called section two 30 of the Communications Act. Congress said, if you are just a platform, a mere platform that for other people to publish, like Facebook is like Instagram, like Twitter or X, that you, you're immune, nobody can sue you. They can sue the person who wrote the post, but they can't sue Facebook. So Mark Zuckerberg said, if they take away our Facebook, our section two 30 immunity, it is existential meaning we will no longer exist.


And so they were terrified because Congress was actually considering removing Section two 30 immunity. And the White House was telling them, if you don't censor our political critics, we're gonna take away your section 32 30 immunity. If President Trump did that, the Democrats would go berserk. Well, that's criminal behavior does that as a Criminal, right? They're, they're violating the, the, the first amendment of the Constitution for starters. Yeah. And so that's what happened. And you know, my, my idea is that if somebody does something bad, it shouldn't matter whether they're Democrat or Republican. I agree. It is, you know, we should all be going after 'em and we should be going after 'em as a society,


How much does it cost you to use the internet? Well, it's free, right? Google's free. Facebook is free Instagram totally free. That's what you've been convinced of. But it's a trick. None of it is free. In fact, you are paying with your data. Everything you do online can be seen and sold, not just to companies, but to governments, including foreign governments and often is. So how do you reclaim your online privacy? It's important. Well, there is one way. It's called encryption. Strong encryption protects your right to privacy online and defends you from your many potential enemies online, including your own government. And it gives you back the freedom to read what you want, to write what you want without prying eyes spying on you. So how do you get this freedom through encryption? I'll tell you how we do it. Express VPN Express VPN Reroutes 100% of our online activity through Secure Encrypted Servers. Now, normally if we didn't use it, internet providers would be able to read and see everything that we do online in the United States. They could even sell it as we said. But because we use Express VPN, they can't see any of it. 0% approximately. We also use it when we travel abroad because that same encryption shuts out hackers and might try and steal what we're doing. Things like passwords or credit card details over sketchy wifi, free wifi, that's not free either. It also shuts out foreign governments it might try and spy on us or censor what we're doing online. What we especially like about Express VPN is they're not a black box that promises privacy and tech solutions. We have to trust them. They've actually opened up their servers to professional auditors at PWC and KPMG, as well as independent security experts to evaluate the claims they're making about what they're doing, their privacy policy and their trusted server technology. So people are watching them. So it's a carefully designed server architecture that runs on volatile memory only. That means it never stores user data because it cannot store user data. It's impossible. It's private by design. They couldn't keep your stuff if they wanted to. So in a world where it seems like every corporation wants more and more of your private information to sell and manipulate, it's nice to find a company that actually goes the extra mile to protect it. That's their business, protecting your privacy. So if you want freedom online and freedom means privacy, there's never been a better time to get it through ExpressVPN. You can use our special link to get three extra months of ExpressVPN for free at ExpressVPN dot com slash Tucker. That's express XPR ESS vpn.com/ Tucker.


Hey, it's Sean Spicer from the Sean Spicer show. Life can be pretty stressful these days, especially if you're on team Kamala, who's probably sick to their stomach thinking about debating Donald Trump. But it may be more than that. Maybe they have gut issues like many of us did you know that 70 to 80% of Americans suffer from some kind of gut issue. I'm talking gas, bloating, constipation, indigestion. But it's not just your immune system that suffers from an unhealthy gut. It's your mood, your sleep, and so much more. A healthy gut is at the core of your health. So maybe that's what team Kamala needs. And guess what just comes exclusive all natural mood lifting Blend is clinically proven to help relax and breathe a little easier in just four weeks. And for next level mood and immune support, check out Just Thrives probiotic just like I do. Now you're probably thinking to yourself, I already take a probiotic or I don't need one. But the thing that's so amazing, 99% of probiotics on the market today don't even get through the stomach. They die off before they get to the intestines. Just thrives. Probiotic not only has a thousand times better survivability than most probiotics, but it's got more clinical research than anything else on the market. Plus, it supports your immune system, helps manage weight, your skin, your mood, and so much more better sleep. You name it with just common and just thrive. You'll have the ultimate stress fighting duo to help you win the day every day, just like me. And for a limited time, You can try. Just Thrive probiotic or just come and save 20% on your first order using promo code Tucker.


Do you owe over $10,000 in back taxes? Kevin Sorbo here and I have an important message to share. The government needs more money. Your money. If you owe the IRS back taxes, they can garnish your wages and leave your bank accounts. They can even seize your retirement. Or take your home. Don't let the IRS target you. Call the professionals at Tax Network USA. Their tax Lawyers and enrolled agents are experts in powerful programs that may even help you eliminate your tax debt tax network. USA is a plus rated and has saved over $500 million for the clients. Whether you owe a few thousand or a few million, they can help you in just one phone call. You can start the process of stopping the threatening demand letters, stopping the aggressive collections, and resolving your tax matters once and for all. Call Tax Network USA today. Visit tn usa.com or call 1 802 4 5 6,000. Don't wait until it's too late. Again, that's 1 802 4 5 6,000. Or visit tn usa.com.


Hey, it's Kimberly Fletcher here from Moms for America with some very exciting news. Tucker Carlson is going on a nationwide tour this fall and Moms for America has the exclusive VIP meet and greet experience for you. Before each show, You can have the opportunity to meet Tucker Carlson in person. These tickets are fully tax deductible donations. So go to Moms for America, US and get one of our very limited VIP meet and greet experiences with Tucker at any of the 15 cities on his first ever coast to coast tour. Not only will you be supporting Moms for America in our mission to empower moms, promote liberty and raise patriots. Your tax deductible donation secures you a full VIP experience with priority entrance and check-in premium gold seating in the first five rows, access to a free show cocktail reception, an individual meet and greet and photo with America's most famous conservative and our friend Tucker Carlson. Visit Moms for america.us today for more information and to secure your exclusive VIP meet and greet tickets. See you on the tour.


What I don't understand, and it is baffling to me, having known a lot of Democrats, but you've been in that world your whole life. Like how do they not see that? How do people who say they believe in civil liberties suddenly think it's okay for the government to prosecute its political opponents and silence them? How do they think that? You know, to me it's a, it's a, I've I've thought a lot about that. I bet. And it's about, it's about tribalism to, you know, that people put themselves in these tribal categories and, and we are hardwired for tribalism. That's why orthodoxies are so popular that, you know, people get sucked into various kind of orthodoxies, whether it's ideological orthodoxies or religious orthodoxies.


And, and that impulse is really, it's not a religious impulse, it's a biological impulse. And it's an impulse that's hardwired in us. From the 20,000 generations we spent wandering the African Savannah and tiny little groups that were warring each other where there was always a male leader were at where, you know, the women were traded as chattels 'cause she couldn't marry your sister. So there you knew from the beginning she was gonna be a trade good and you were gonna trade her for somebody else. So she wasn't, had no power. And, and where you all had to ascribe to an orthodoxy and see no problems with people who were within your, your ingroup and people who were outside were subhuman and they could be killed.


And if they made a mistake, you know, you wanted to talk about it, everybody would talk about it. We're all hardwired that way because that's where our, you know, our, our wiring comes from. And when somebody gets subsumed an orthodoxy, it's very, very difficult to unravel and And. there are all kinds of psychiatric treatises about how do you deprogram somebody, you know, how do you, how do you talk somebody out of an orthodoxy? And, and you know what I, the little that I know about it is that if you challenge them directly, you challenge their belief. It, it pours concrete on it and it makes them less able to move off that.


Or they'll, they get very defensive and that, you know, the way to approach them. There are ways to approach them. There's deprogramming protocols and they usually include a lot of Socratic method of asking them questions about their belief. But it's a one-on-one, it's a one-on-one project enterprise. And it's not something that You can do with the whole Democratic Party overnight. Something has to happen that's gonna make this, you know, this, this tribal thinking unravel 'cause it's really destroying our country. And the polarization, what's happening on both sides is, is put on steroids by these social media algorithms that, that reward people for staying on the site as long as possible.


So they, the algorithm, all the algorithm knows is I've gotta keep as the, as many eyeballs on the site as possible. It turns out why that the way people stay on the site is if you fortify their existing opinions. of course, if you feed them, if you feed them information that consolidates their worldview. Yes. And so, you know, we have this problem now where it's not just polarization like the Civil War, but it's polarization on steroids because you've got machines that are, that are manipulating us to hate each other more every single Day. So knowing all this as you do and have for a long time, the, you know, the most radical step You can make if you're a Democrat is Endorsing Donald Trump.


So there are political calculations involved. There are ideological calculations, but there are also, of course, personal calculations. How so? You know, once you do that, you've burned your boats. Like that's it. You're not going back to wherever you were 10 years ago. How hard a decision was that for you personally? It, it was a very, it was an obvious decision for me. It should have been. But it was a very, very difficult decision. And we had, you know, I have a very, very good team around me, and I was most worried about my wife, who was about Cheryl, who, you know, who you know, it was not comfortable with it. She's a, you know, lifelong Democrat.


She comes from not the aristocracy, she comes from a very, you know, I would say poor family in, in North Florida. But she found her way through, through idealism to the Democratic party and that, and she shares a lot of those values. It and her industry is very, very much aligned with the Democratic party, probably more than any industry in our country and more than any town in our country. So this for me was likely to have huge impacts on her. And ultimately, if she had told me, you can't do this, I wouldn't have done it.


So, but I'm very, I, I'm very grateful that, and she overcame, she allowed me to do it. She was not embracing it, but she said, I understand why you have to do this. And her, and we had a, like a four day meeting and up in Hyannis port in my home where kind of everybody, my family members, my kids, many other people, Tony Robbins attended remotely and a number of other kind of spiritual leaders, just people who cared deeply about our country, chimed in and and made case on both sides and people from the organiza campaign organization did.


But here was the calculus that ultimately was persuasive for me. My, if I, all of our internal pro polling showed from the outset that if I stayed in the Democratic Party, I was going to get president, vice President Harris elected 57 to 60%. And even more sometimes up to 66% of my voters, my followers said that if I withdrew from the election, they were gonna vote for Trump. Which is ironic, by the way, Tucker, because President Trump and the RNC did nothing to prevent me from being on the ballots.


They didn't have a, a big major organization sending private, private eyes out. You know, I, the Democratic party was interviewing literally everybody I've ever met in 70 years to, to collect dirt on me. I I got a call. They've been doing that for I I know for a fact for over a year, as you know. Yeah. And they had a, they were open about it, this is what we're gonna do. They put a person in charge of it named Liz Smith, who's, you know, who's, that's the kind of person she is. She, this is what she does. She does negative research on people and tries to characterize with Smith Elliot Spitzer's old girlfriend. Yes.


And she was in charge of that team. And then there was other people as well. Mary Beth Kayhill had been my uncle Teddy chief of Sav, who I knew, and Liz Smith was in charge of the, of, you know, the negative research, what they call 'em, negative research, euphemistically. And I got calls from, you know, for example, a guy that I met at an AA meeting 40 years ago, and he received a call, most of my family members receive calls on contacts, either texts or telephone calls from people who said, I I'm doing intelligence for the DNC and you know, we'd like to talk to you about Robert Kennedy and if you have any negative information about him.


So I was getting that of, you know, what Could possibly the justification for that. Well, they didn't want me running. And that's the thing is it's not democratic. It wasn't, you know, That's such a mafia tactic. Yeah, yeah. So, but I mean, but the point is, it was weird. It was, it was not smart because I was actually helping the Democrats, and if they just let me stay in and they didn't run this campaign up against me, they probably would win this election. And because I was hurting Trump, oddly, Trump didn't do anything about it. He's, you know, he was kind of, he made a couple statements about me that I was a communist, et cetera, but they were sort of good natured.


You know, the stuff that you, that you're like, okay, that's okay. They weren't like calling my old girlfriend saying, you know what, you know, what did he do? Or, you know, whatever they were asking him. So, but the DNC was up to that. And and Were you shocked by that? Was I shocked? I don't know. I mean, I was, I am, I feel like I am, I'm in a place now where nothing surprises me.


I bet you are. But I don't know. I mean it, anyway, they're Gonna drop all that stuff now, obviously. Right? What? They're gonna get rid of Liz Smith and put her on some other project. I don't know. I just, You sort of wonder how does all Liz Smith live with her herself? I mean, that's so repulsive. Like how does she justify that to herself? I have to SI mean, and I've met her. She's not stupid, but it, that is disgusting. No, the I mean, you've lived a life famously, and if you have a team of researchers digging into it, and I have not led a careful life, by the way.


Well, I mean, I know. I said, you know, my first, my first, during my announcement speech, I said, you know, I, I had told my wife this, told Charlotte this a couple days before. I said, I have so many skeletons in my closet that if they could vote, I I could run for King of the world. Oh, I know, I know. Stuff's gonna come out about me because I led, let me put it a colorful life. Yeah. And, and you know, people have all kinds of stories about me. But so I was, I'm ready for, you know, I'm ready for, I, listen, I've never done anything criminal in terms of like, this, this is stealing money or self enrichment. I did a lot of stupid stuff and a lot Of, have you gotten rich off pointless foreign wars?


No, I have not done that yet. Oh, you Haven't? Okay. You haven't forced people to inject. No s Is in their bodies. Okay. No, I've not never done any of that. But anyway, so it became clear to me that if, if Kamala got elected, the issues that I cared about, which is ending the foreign wars, you know, the, the unjust wars, immoral wars, the wars of choice like Ukraine, stopping the censorship, which I think is existential for our democracy, and then protecting children from this extraordinary, exploding, chronic disease epidemic. Those are the three reasons that got me into the campaign.


That's why I ran for president. Those are three reasons that if she got elected, I'm 70 years old, that eight years from now, our kids are gonna be lost. And that, and if she's president for eight years, my chance to do anything about it would be gone. Yes. And that, and then I got a contact from Callie means who you know Well, yes. Who you've, you know, made one of the best this morning, one of the best shows ever put on TV ever aired was your interview with Callie and his wife, Casey and Cali. For those of you who haven't seen the show, his his show is a, is an expert, a a genius, brilliant, articulate, eloquent and incredible encyclopedic knowledge on the food system.


And what is corrupting it? What is causing the corruption at FDA, at USDA that the, the capture of those agencies by the processed food industry, by the chemical industry, by the pharmaceutical industry that actually profit on sick children. One of the things that Cali says, there is nothing more profitable in our society today than a sick child. Because it, all of these entities are making money on 'em. The insurance companies, the hospitals, the, the, the medical cartel, the pharmaceutical companies have a lifetime. Annuities. I mean, any child that, and the earlier that kid is sick, they don't wanna kill 'em. They want 'em sick for the rest of their lives.


And we have now a whole generation, when my uncle was president, 6% of Americans had chronic disease. Today is 60%. When my uncle was president. Do you know what the, the, the cause the annual cause of treating chronic disease was in this country? Zero. There weren't even any drugs invented for it. Zero. Today it's about $4.3 trillion. What, when your uncle was president. And, and none of it is necessary. What, What was the autism rate in 1960? Do we Know in 1960, the autism rate, there's about four, five studies. And the, the, the, the, the highest rates say about one in 2500, 1 in 1500, one in 2500, 1 in 10,000.


Oh. So that, you know, it was, it was somewhere between one in 1,501 in 10,000. Today it's one in every 34 kids according to CDC. And in some states like California, I think maybe Utah and New Jersey, one in 22, 1 in 22 kids. And, you know, these kids should be healthy. These kids shouldn't be our, our highest performing kids. And they instead are, are, you know, have this extraordinary disability that's gonna keep them dependent and not, you know, a lot of these, if you're full blown autism, you know, it's a nonverbal, non toilet trained headbanging, stimming, toe walking.


These are kids that will never throw baseball. They'll never graduate high school. They'll never go out. Take a girl on a date. They'll never use the toilet alone. They'll, they'll never write a play. They'll never write a poem. They'll never vote. Never have children, never Pay taxes.


Here's something you may not have known. Back in 2015, the Congress of the United States repealed something called the country of Origin Labeling Act. Now why is this relevant to you? Well, it means among other things that when you buy beef at the supermarket that says made in the USA, it may not actually be, in fact it could be likely is from a foreign country. It means that repackaging foreign meat can be enough to get the made in USA designation. It's a lie. It's an absolute lie. Most people don't even know what's happening. So how can you be sure that the meat you're eating is from the United States and has been raised with the highest quality standards? And is the tastiest it's truly made here? Well, it's simple. You can go to our friends at Merriweather Farms. Merriweather Farms is an American small business. It's based in Riverton, Wyoming. We know the people who run it and they're great people and they have great meat. They ship the highest quality meat, raised free from growth hormones and antibiotics directly to your doorstep. It's delicious. We eat it a lot, including at this table. These are Americans, these are American made products. And because they're cutting out the grocery store middlemen, their prices are actually cheaper. 10 to 30% cheaper for the best meat. They're the real deal. Again, we eat that meat at this table from Riverton, Wyoming. They're the best. Merriweather farms.com use the discount code Tucker 10, and you get an extra 10% off. Again, that's Meriweather Farms. M-E-R-I-W-E-T-H-E-R farms.com. It's worth it.


So that just seems like such a, an emergency For me. Yeah. For me, like if I could save one of these kids, it would be worth giving my life for, I'm 70 years old to save one kid at birth. It would be worth dying for and to the opportunity and, and need for me to save all of these kids I would do anything for, I would literally do anything for it. We were talking breakfast. I'm sure your perception's different 'cause we're talking about you. But you know, for 15 years anyway, there was not a single story about you that didn't dismiss you as a dangerous crackpot for questioning why autism is much more common than it once was.


Much more, I mean, exponentially more common. And you've written a lot about this and you were attacked. I don't see those attacks very much anymore. Well, there's still in the mainstream media that's still part of the, you know, the litany of, of, of my crimes. But, you know, anybody who uses their head any of, and they, and that's one of the reasons they won't let me speak on the media. I mean, when, when Ross Perot ran, he, he was running for 10 months. He was on mainstream media 34 times interviews. And you remember him, he was on, it seemed like he was on Larry King every week, of course. But, and I got, in 16 months, I had two live interviews on all of those networkers.


A, B-C-N-B-C-C-B-S-C-N-M-N, BBC two and I and the, and you know, they're just basically mouthpieces now for the DNC And, there was this bli obligatory litany of defamations and pejoratives that were used to describing, anytime I mentioned my name was mentioned, you know, that I was outta crackpot. And you know, I was like a super villain. Oh. And I'm not complaining because that's, that's just, you know, I, I knew what I was getting into. But anyway, the idea that, you know, I had these meetings with President Trump and they were partly because of you.


You know, you were the one who Cali means called me about, I'd say three hours after President Trump was shot. Cali Meanses called. Although it doesn't seem possible because, but I think it was only three hours after his shooting. Yes. And it Was Saturday night. Yeah. Saturday night. And, and he and Kelly means said to me, you know, he told me he, Kelly had been advising me for a long time and my campaign, he told me that night, I've also been, I've been advising President Trump, which delighted me because I thought, oh my gosh, there's another candidate beside me that is, is listening to the truth.


And he said that, that there was interest in the Trump campaign by the president of, of including me. At then he talked about vice president, which I wasn't interested in. And, but he said, you know, would you be interested in talking with the Trump, with President Trump? And I said, I don't think so. And then, and part of this was, I just thought it was a non-start. It was Cheryl and I called Cheryl up and she said to me, you should hear them out. And I immediately called call, I texted Callie back and said, I'm interested.


And then I got a text from you and you and I have each other's cell phones, and you had an unknown cell phone number, which you had linked me into, which was President Trump's number. And you said, you know, he's waiting for your call. And so I called him that night. I had a great con conversation with him. And then he, and he asked, well, we decided to talk. And I met him the next day. He was at that point at Bedminster, which is his golf course and home in New Jersey. And he had, he had driven there from Butler where he had been shot. And then I went to, and so I flew out to Min Minneapolis the next day and I had a, probably a two hour meeting with him and Amarillo, who's my daughter-in-Law, who is running my campaign, the smartest person I've ever met.


And Cheryl and Susie Wiles. And it was a really interesting meeting because he was so open about, about, first of all, not liking the neocons. Yeah. And you know, I never imagined that because I, you know, for me, he was the guy who brought John Bolton and Mike Pompeo into office and, you know, but he was really disillusioned with them to say the least. You know. And then, you know, he was, he was deeply interested and, and well informed as he is on any, you know, as, as much as he is on any subject about what's, what's happening to our kids chronic disease.


And then he was absolutely adamant about stopping the censorship and, you know, and making sure that we had free speech. And so we talked a little then, and I didn't really come to any, you know, talked about the possibility of working together after that and that, but then we, we put it on hold. I, they wanted me to do something at the convention. I said, no, I I'm not gonna do that. And and we still, at that point, there was still a chance that I could get into the debate that chance was diminishing. And because I was not allowed on any media and because, and you know, my really, my only chance of winning the election, I believe I would've won if I'd gotten on the debate stage.


But my only chance was to get on the debate stage. And it was, that was, that possibility was van vanishing. And so I was looking at kind of my options. I then contacted Harris's campaign because I thought I should talk to them and see if they're interested in any of these issues, which I suspected they were not because came then was still an empty, you know, an empty slate. Kamala, excuse me, was an empty slate. So, you know, it's, she's Pronounced it both ways herself. So it's okay. It's, it's, you know, I I want, I want to respect people and give them Yes.


You know, so I, I reached out to her and I reached out through a number of people who, including some relatives of mine who are very, very close to her personally, to the Democratic party. And they just said, that's an nonstarter. You, there's no way in the world that she's gonna talk to you. And they said, we can, we can get you a meeting with a low level campaign official. And I said, okay, I'm, I'm not interested in that. Why wouldn't, it's, it's interesting. Why wouldn't Kamala Harris meet with you? Maybe the same reason that she hasn't given an interview.


You know, I think it seems to me that there's a lot of handlers involved and that, and you know, even when you talk to Democrats about, you know, do you really think it's a good idea to be electing somebody who cannot give an interview? They say, well, you're not electing her, you're electing the people around her. You're electing the apparatus and the apparatus. But the apparatus and apparatus, I don't have any faith in, it's an apparatus running that are neocons like, you know, like Anthony Blinken and, and who are, you know, running us right up into a World War II And. there are people who, you know, who mastermind the censorship from inside the White House.


That's the apparatus that they wanna reelect. And to me, that's an apparatus that has no, these are the people who are censoring me. There's the people who try to throw me outta the party who canceled the primaries. That's the apparatus. You know, if it was a Democrat who said, I can think on my own. I understand what this country's supposed to look like. I understand what, what democracy's supposed to look like. And I, you know, and I think that's great, great, let's do that. But It's just, it's strange from her perspective, first of all, electing an apparatus is not how democracy works. That's an oligarchy just in point of fact. But as a political calculation, your presence in the race running third party hurt Trump.


No one disputes that. The polling's really clear on that. So if you're the Harris campaign, kind of a win, right. To get some alignment with you, why even human curiosity you'd think would compel her to want to meet with you, like take a meeting. Like why do you care? Yeah. But she wouldn't even talk to you. I think that's, I think it's very weird. It's weird, but not, I mean, I can't stress this not not being able to give an interview. I mean, your, your whole life is in public life. That's what you do. That gives the currency, right. I give, I, I give, you know, this day is a really slow day 'cause I'm doing one interview with you. But on a typical day, I do about seven or eight interviews some days, 10 or 12.


And I do that every day. And I've done that for 16 months. I, if anybody who wants to go, I mean, we have a list now. 4,000 people wanna interview me, but we're, I'm interviewing as many people as possible. So I wanna get my voice out, my vision out, my concerns out. And I, it's incomprehensible to me that you would be in public life. And, and President Trump does the same thing. He's not scared of an Interview. No. He likes it. Theon. Yeah. He's on you. He's on He does anybody, he does people who don't agree with him. He's not he he's not censoring you.


No, he he's doing, you know, he's talking to reporters who write crappy articles about 'em all the time. You know, from, from New York magazine, Maggie Haberman at the New York Times, New York. Maggie Haberman has never written a nice word about Donald Trump. And he talks to her how often? A lot. Yeah, a lot. So, you know, it's, and you know, my uncle Teddy, who was exactly opposite of Ronald Reagan ideologically, and he ran against Carter Yeah. That he did. And, and Carter and he had an antipathy toward each other.


That was almost, you know, like nothing I'd ever seen. Teddy really did. Teddy didn't hate people, but he really, I would say loathed Carter. He just had, he had complete the same for him and I, and he then liked, he liked Reagan. And because I was more ideologically aligned at that point, I was, I'd say to him, you know, why do you like Reagan? And he said, because Even, those, I don't agree with anything he said he was able to invigorate our country. He was able to inspire people. He got people excited about his vision and proud to be Americans. And that is one of the functions of a president.


Yes. It's to, it's to explain to us why we should be proud of each other and why we part of a community and why our country is great and you know, what our future's gonna look like and get us and, and, you know, inspire all of us with that vision. And, and that is what a real leader does. How in the world can you do that? If you cannot give an interview to it, a to a a news org, To a friendly news organization, to A friendly news. Yeah. They can't even do a setup interview in 40 days. I saw the, the only interview she did that was unscripted was when she got off a plane, I think it was at Andrews Air Force Base and And, there was a reporter waiting there.


And that, you know, with one question, when are you gonna do an interview? And she said, I've told my team that to try to get one done before September. This was the 3rd of August. And I'm doing, I'm doing, you know, seven or eight interviews a day, Tells you a lot. And I'm, but I, I'm, and I'm not, you know, blowing my own horn or anything. I'm just saying that's what you do if you're in public life. And it, why, what's the point of being in public life if you don't wanna promote your vision? If You don wanna inspire people. Yeah. Well that, I mean, so it, I I'm sure this is a sensitive subject, but I can't help but notice that you ran for 15 months with no secret service protection at all.


You were denied that by the Biden administration. Yeah. Trump, during the convention in Milwaukee last month, noted that in public, they immediately under pressure responding, gave you secret service protection. Yes. Now they've withdrawn it, you're without it again. Yeah. Is that true? Yes. Meanwhile, Tony Fauci has it. He's not a federal employee anymore. I think Mike Pompeo has secret service protection, former CIA director. But you don't. How, How is that? I think the, you know, I'm technically still running for president. I'm running for president, 30 states, 40 states. So I'm not, you know, I did not, I did not terminate my, my campaign.


Did you know this? No, I didn't. Yeah. So, you know, I'm running in the, I there, there's, there's 10 states where I heard President Trump and they're battleground states. Oh, I've taken my name off the ballot in those 10 states, but in the blue states, all blue states, all red states, I'm on the ballot and I could technically win a contingency election if the other two vote. You know? And, and they, if the other two get 269 a piece and, and then Congress cannot work out a compromise, which is entirely possible, they have to go to the third vote getter, which would be me. And that's why I left my name on the ballot in those states.


And so, you know, that's highly unlikely to happen. But it has happened twice before in American history. And actually in our polling now shows them at exactly 2 69 to 2 69. Oh, it is possible that it would happen in this so campaign. So I, so and I, you know, we worked this out with the Trump campaign. They only want us off in 10 states because that's the states we heard 'em in the other states. People can vote for me. I'm re I and they're not gonna hurt their candidate. They, if they can vote for me, even if they like President, vice President Harris and without hurting her.


And they can vote for me if they like President Trump without hurting him, because we already know what's gonna happen in those states. Yes. I'm I, so all The more reason that you should have what Tony Fauci has and what Mike Pompeo has, and a lot of other, by the way, non-current federal employees have, which is government bodyguards, but they withdrew them immediately from you. So what's the message of that? Well, the message I think is a bad message, which is that our, of our federal enforcement agencies have been weaponized against the American people. I mean, against politically weaponized politically, not against the American people, but a politically, when my father took office in the Justice Department and my father was appointed a US Attorney General in 1961 by my uncle, his brother, and my father.


The first week in office, he had run my uncle's campaign. So he was a political guy. He called together all the division chairs, all the branch chiefs in the DOJ. And he made us into his big cavernous office. And he said to them, we're gonna make one rule here, which is there is no politics. We never asked whether a potential defendant is Democratic Republican. The people of this country have to know that their enforcement institutions, the Department of Justice are, are, are that justice is blind here we are free of any kind of political prejudice or by, or bias or favoritism.


And they started putting in jail. He prosecuted my uncle on my mother's side for antitrust violation. He prosecuted friends of his, friends of his father's who father did not want him to prosecute. And they just said, it doesn't matter. We've gotta, we've gotta apply it even handly, because the American people need to understand that their institutions are, are, are free. We need to respect them and know that they're not biased in one way. And we're losing that now in our country. And the Biden administration has really accelerated at the most, the most shocking thing to me. And Democrats can't even hear this story because it touches so many sort of culture war buttons.


But it's, it's a true story. People, we need to understand it and appreciate it in the 2020 election when there, when a hundred biden's laptop, a week before the, and we only know this, this whole story recently because of the, a release of documents, but the, when President Biden's the a hundred upon Biden's laptop suddenly became an issue about a week before the debate. And Anthony Blinken, who was now the Secretary of State and who was then the director of President Biden's campaign, went to Gina Hasell, who is the head of this director of the CIA, and, and said to her, we need help with this.


She then got 51 CIA current and former CIA officers to sign a public letter, which they publish, I think, in the New York Times. But they published it somewhere that, that said that Hunter Biden's laptop was a Russian hoax that was part of a Russian dis disinformation effort for, to tamper with the, with the presidential election campaign. So you had a, the CIA, which is forbidden by its charter from involving itself in any American politics. And you had 51 top officers, former and current, who now do a disinformation campaign against the American public to tamper with the election while accusing the Russians of tampering with the election.


And then a week later, president Biden, when he's asked about his, the laptop on the debate, he says, that has been debunked by the CIA, by the CIA officers. And that was the end of the issue. 'cause it was debunked. All the newspapers picked that up, and it's highly likely that that had an impact on the election. So, you know, we, that was the entree of President Biden getting into office. And again, you know, Democrats who hear me say this story are gonna say, oh, he's just saying that because, you know, he's a Republican now.


Right? Which I'm not. But he, that's what they're gonna say. But it's not that, it's just that this was wrong. The big tech companies censor our content. I hate to tell you that it's still going on in 2024. But you know what? They can't censor live events. And that's why we are hitting the road on a fall tour for the entire month of September coast to coast. We'll be in cities across the United States. We'll be in Phoenix with Russell Brand, Anaheim, California through a Rames Swami Colorado Springs with Tulsi Gabbard, salt Lake City, with a Glen Beck, Tulsa, Oklahoma with Dan Bonino, Kansas City, with Megan Kelly Wichita, with Charlie Kirk Milwaukee with Larry Elder Rosenberg, Texas, with Jesse Kelly Grand Rapids, with Kid Rock Hershey, Pennsylvania, with JD Vance Reding, Pennsylvania, with Alex Jones, Fort Worth, Texas, with Roseanne Barr Greenville, South Carolina, with Marjorie Taylor Green Sunrise, Florida, with John Rich Jacksonville, Florida with Donald Trump Jr.


You can get tickets at Tucker Carlson dot com. Hope to see you there. It's so, so the ca I mean, a lot of R roads lead back, unfortunately, to our most powerful intelligence agency. Would, if you were asked, would you run it, would you become CI director? If you were asked, I I would never get, yes, I would, but I would never get Senate confirmation. As, you know, the, the intelligence agency are protected by, by very, very powerful committees in the Senate and in the House that are already into the project.


And the people who serve on those committees are, are, are people who would, you know, they would not, they, they would, they're, they're safeguarding that directorship. And I would be very, very dangerous for those, those committees. So I don't think that, and Yet in his, in, you know, in your joint appearance on Friday, president Trump introduced you by saying that he plans to, if elected, establish a commission to, you know, declassify the remaining documents around your uncle's murder in 1963. Yeah. And I, and I think everyone at this point knows the truth, which is the CIA's implicated in that those documents protect ca maybe among others.


Well, whether they do or not, I mean, it's odd that they've not allowed him to be released. 'cause What could possibly be the explanation More than 60 years after my uncle's death, almost 65 years, oh, 62 years after his death And there, none of the people who were imp implicated in that crime are alive now. Yes. And the last ones have died off in the last a year or two. And so it, it clearly is. And to protect the institution. Yes. And that's wrong. It is wrong. And it, it is wrong for Democrat is Trump for Republicans. It's just interesting though that a bipartisan list of presidents low, these, these six decades have kept those files classified.


Well, You and I have both. I was astonished that Trump didn't declassify him. 'cause he promised to during the campaign. That was Mike Pompeo who did that. Yeah. And that, and that. I talked to President Trump for the first time about that this week. And he said, what'd He say? He said that, he said that Mike Pompeo begged him to, and I don't think I'm telling tales outta school here. No, I Think he told the same thing to you. That's true. But he said, Mike Pompeo called him and said, this would be a catastrophe to release these. You need to not do it. And that, and I wanna say again, I think Mike Pompeo is a criminal. So that's my view.


He's threatened to sue me for saying that, but I hope he will. Because that's true. But that, that kind of tells the whole story right there, right. That the CIA is Well, yeah, that's the, Why would the CIA be trying to keep these files classified if they had nothing to do with the murder? I don't really get that. Yeah. And but, but the subject we were talking about was the weaponization of the federal agency. And that's just one of 'em. And then, then they get, you know, then they open up these censorship portals the 37 hours after President Biden takes office, where now you have the FBI involved in American politics and, you know, which we ran them out in the sixties, you know, because we were outraged that they were even, they were bugging Martin Luther King and the Black Panther party.


Yes. And Americans were indignant about that. Why are they think this? I mean, why are we, have we gotten to the point where it's so normalized and now we're okay with the FBI, running a portal to censor political speech in our country, and then inviting in the CIA and CSA and the IRS, I don't know what they were doing in there. Nothing good. And NIH and you know, CDC and all these other agencies, DHS, which all had a hand in censoring American speech. So that was another thing. And then the use, you know, which we saw for the first time in American history of the, of the judiciary to, to, to get rid of candidates.


You know, what they tried to do to me, they're suing me now in, in a dozen states. I've had, I've been in trials for the past three weeks. You know, I've, I've spent most of my time, not campaigning, but being sitting in court in cases that are trying to get me off the ballot. So like, I had a million people, million American citizens sign petitions more than any candidate in history. Everybody said, I'd never do this. The impossibly be in the ballot in 50 states. Well, guess what? We got on the ballot in 50 states. And we did it by getting a million citizens to sign petition, saying that they wanted to vote for me.


And the Democratic Party now is suing me in all those states to make sure that those people cannot vote for the person they wanted. When I was growing up, the Democratic party was of RFK. And, and JFK was the party that was fighting for voting rights. It was fighting to make sure that every American could vote for the candidate of their choice, no matter whether they're black or white or where they lived, or Democrat, Republican. Now the Democratic Party, today's democratic party, feels so unconfident about the candidates that it's putting forward. And it feels the only way it can win the election is by getting rid of the opponents. And, and, you know, either using the courts against President Trump to lock him in jail and to embarrass and humiliate and discredit him, or using the courts against me to just to throw me off the ballot Even those, the voters, you know, in New York's aid, I had to get 45,000 ballot signatures and, and 13 congressional districts.


I got, I got 137,000 in all 26 congressional districts. I did twice when anybody wants. And we did it easily 'cause people wanted to see money on ballot. New Yorkers wanted to see me on the ballot. Why is the Democratic Party suing me in frivolous cases? On what ground? I spent a whole week in, in, in a trial for that case, for two cases they brought and another week in another trial for another case. And you had to pay for this. It's causing me $10 million to defend myself. But On what grounds are they suing you? Like you don't have, they don't like you. So You don't have a right to be on the ballot or what, what What In New York state, they're suing me by, they, they can't challenge our signatures 'cause we got five times as many signatures as we were required.


So that, you know, normally what they were doing in the first states, they were taking our signatures and they were calling everybody. They can get their numbers and they can get their, you know, cell phones, et cetera. We're contacting everybody who, and trying to talk 'em out of it, trying to say, get 'em to say, you know, you're hurting democracy and you know, you should, you know, weren't you fooled when you did this to try to get, but they, they never succeeded. They're, they're in New York state. They're suing me because they say that I did not, I don't live in New York State. Oh, I have three residences. One is in New York, one is in my home in Massachusetts, which, you know, is part of my family compound that we've owned for, you know, a hundred years.


And, and then in California, where I lived with Charlotte. So I moved with Charlotte, California in 2014. So 10 years ago. And I lived in New York all my life. I lived there since I was 10. My father ran for Senate there and was the senator. I moved there when I was 10. I, I've only voted in New York. I've always considered myself a New York resident. I've lived in the same town for 40 years in Bedford. I've lived in 13 different residents in that town at various times. And, but I always wanted to stay there. And when I moved out west with Cheryl, I made an agreement with her that, you know, when she retires, we're gonna come back to New York.


'cause I feel like I'm a New Yorker. I I, I didn't wanna vote in California. 'cause I don't know anything about the politics out there. I was raised in New York. I know all the politics, all the politicians. And so I wanted to vote. So I kept an address there. I voted that address. That's my only place I've ever voted. I, my car is registered there, my driver's license is there, my law office is there. I pay income tax almost all my income tax from New York State. My law license is there. I don't have a law license in California. And my hunting license is there.


My fishing license there. Most Importantly, I Have falconry license there. So I have all my birds there. You know, I keep them there. And so, you know, but they're suing me saying I'm not a real New Yorker. I'm, I'm, you know, I I contrive the address out of fraud. And it's a sham. And here's the thing is that I consulted a lawyer when I, when we declared independent and began getting ballot signatures, I consulted the best ballot access attorney in the country, Paul Rossi. And, and I said, I got these three different residences. Which one do I put on the ballot? You have to put the same residence in all 50 states. So you can't choose another resident.


You know, you can't, I can't put California in one state and Massachusetts another, say in New York, I have to tell the people otherwise I'm lying to somebody. Right? Right. So in a couple of states, for example, Maine, where we are right now, and in New Hampshire, those states say the only place You can put down is your domicile is the place where you vote. And in New Hampshire, I actually had to take an oath in front of a notary that I voted in New York. 'cause otherwise I, they couldn't have put it down. So I had to put New York in every state because I had to put it in Maine and New Hampshire and a bunch of others. 'cause you have to put the place you vote.


Anyway, the DNC is suing me saying, I defrauded the public 'cause I really live in California. And, and they got a, you know, they got a judge who was, you know, right outta the Democratic machine and, and who violated the constitution and every precedent to say, yeah, they're right. So, you know, I lost in the lower court, which is what happens we're doing that we're losing in these lower courts, and then we win in the appeals. There's a hundred percent chance I'll win in the appeal, but they don't care 'cause it's gonna take me a while. And they got the headlines saying he was thrown off for fraud. So these, I mean, I, I saw Kamala Harris just the other night at her convention speech, talk about how voting access is like A I know while she was doing that, I was in court in New York, you know, trying to get on that ballot while she, while that you and the entire Act did the, the John Lewis Voting Access Act, we're gonna get through.


Yeah. Everybody has a right to vote. Yeah. It's not, Except for their opponents. So does this, it feels to me like this is, you know, obviously it's a big political story. You're endorsing Trump. It's a big, big change in your life as a lifelong Democrat. Still a Democrat. But it also feels like, as you said at the outset, well, I'm an independent out, so I registered as an independent when I ran and when I talked with President Trump, the, you know, the thing that we talked about is that I, you know, we were gonna do a unity government with the independent, not not the kind of endorsement that a lot of people make on an endorsement like Abraham Lincoln's team of rivals, where we would be able to continue to differ publicly on issues.


But that we would, on the issues that we agree on, that we were going to strive to get into government together in order to make sure that those issues are, you know, are, you know, are the priority for our country. And, you know, he was really good about that. And about, you know, me being able to continue. And there's some issues, there's a lot of issues like the border where we agree and, you know, censorship, the wars, the neocons, the, you know, forever wars, child health epidemics, those are the most important issues. There's other issues that I do that I'm gonna disagree on with President Trump. But he was happy with that. And that's how our country ought to be. We ought to be able to, So what is this realignment that you mentioned at the outset?


'cause this does feel like, yeah, it's bigger than just this November. Yeah, I mean, there's been a, a series of these realignment throughout American history and you know, there, there's history books that are written about the, you know, the, the realignments that are about, I think there's about five of them. And And there, one of those is clearly happening now because you, you see on so many issues. You know, the, you've had an inversion. The, the Democratic Party has become the party of the elites. It used to be the party of the poor and the working class. In fact, there was a study that came out just recently that I saw that showed that 70% that the people who voted for Biden owned 70% of the wealth in this country.


The people who voted for Trump owned 30%. And, and so I believe that, Right? So you're seeing this realignment happen where the elites, you know, where Wall Street, where the big tech, big pharma, the big banking houses are all now democratic. And that the, and that the working class, the middle class, the cops, the firefighters, Sean O'Brien outta the Teamster Union, you know, spoke big Guy That the, a great guy, great great guy, really love him. But he spoke at the Democratic convention, I mean the Republican convention rather than Democratic convention.


So you're seeing this, just this big alignment and even on environmental issues. It's so weird to me because the de Democrats have be, become subsumed in this carbon or orthodox. And you and I have talked about this, that the only issue is carbon. And what that's done is it's forced them to do something that you should never do if you're an environmentalist, which is to commoditize and quantify everything. So everything is measured by its carbon footprint, how many tons of carbon it produces. And, you know, you're basically, you're, you're putting everything in that kind of box of, of being able to quantify it and explain its value by, you know, by a, a numerically.


And the reason that we protect the environment is just the opposite of that. The reason that we protect the environment is because there's a spiritual connection. There's a, you know, there's a love that we have. We, you know, I got into the environment because I, I wanted, you know, the, this connection to the fishes and the birds and the wildlife and the, and the whales and, and the, the Purple Mountains Majesty. And that, you know, I understood that the way, you know, God talks to human beings through many vectors, through each other, through organized religion, through the great prophets, through the wise people, the, the great books of those religions. But nowhere with the kind of detail and texture and grace and joy as through creation.


And when we destroy nature, we diminish our capacity to sense the divine, understand who God is and what our own potential is and duties are as human beings. And that I, I hope what you just said, by the way, is chopped up and put all over every social media platform in the world. When we destroy nature, we degrade our own ability to experience the divine. Yeah. And that, that, you know, it's not about quantifying stuff. That's what the devil does. He quantifies everything. Right. And that is, you know, what he wants us doing, put a number on it. And the reason we're preserving these things is not, is because we love our children.


You know, and it's, it's because we, we get, nature enriches us, enriches us economically and spiritually and culturally and historically, it connects us to those 10,000 generations of human beings that were here before. There were laptops. And it, you know, and it connects us to the, the most important spiritual asset. Every, every, all, all of the organized religions in, you know, that, that we know of today. The central revelation of every one of those religions always occurred in the wilderness. You know, Moses had to go into the wilderness to, to, to listen to, to hear God's voice and see the burning bush.


He had to go to the wilderness of Mount Sinai to get the commandments. I Muhammad had to, who was a city boy from Mecca, had to go to the wilderness of Mount Hara on a camping trip with his kids, and wrestle the angel Gabriel in the middle of the night and have the first stances of the sur the surs of the, of the Koran squeeze from him. Buddha had to go into the wilderness to sit under the, you know, and wander for years and then sit under the bodega tree to get his first revelation of nirvana. And Christ had to spend 40 days in the wilderness to discover his divinity for the first time.


And his mentor was John the Baptist, who lived in a cave in the Jordan Valley and ate honey of, of wild bees and locusts. And, you know, and then all of Christ's parables come from nature. I'm the vine, you of the branches, the mustard seed, the little swallows, the scattering the seeds on the fellow ground because that is where we sense the divine. God talks to us through the fishes, the birds, the leaves. They're all, you know, words from our creator. And that is why we preserve nature. Yes. It's not because of the, you know, it's not because the, you know, the quantity of carbon. And by the way, I Feel what you said so deeply, I can hardly even express it. And thank you for saying that.


And by the way, we, the best thing that You can do for climate is to, is to restore the soils. The soils are the solution to everything. The soil will absorb all that carbon. If you know, if, and it'll absorb the water. It'll stop the flooding. It'll give us healthy food. And that's what our national policy has to be. It has to be restoring the soil. And that is, you know, everybody, listen, if you talk, if you wanna unite America and talk about these things, talk about the fishes, the bird, the wildlife and rep. Just talk about ending mountaintop removal mining. Talk about ending the mountain cutting here.


Talk about getting rid of, you know, the Democrats are putting these, these offshore wind farms that are exterminating the whales. I know most of us got into this because of the whales. And they're about to extinguish the right whales, the last ones on earth. Because with these monstrosities that are, you know, that are costing us three times the amount we don't need them. It costs 33 cents a kilowatt hour when You can get onshore wind for 10 cents a kilowatt hour. And who's making the money? Goldman Sachs, black Rock, foreign Governments. And the other thing that they're funding hundreds, billions of dollars.


This is what they're, this is what climate has turned into is these climate capture pipelines and are wreaking habit with the agricultural lands across the Midwest, stealing people's property rights with, you know, eminent domain and who's making the money? BlackRock. And it's a useless technology that does not work. It's just all a boondoggle. And that's what's become the environmental movement in this country. And if you depart from that orthodoxy, you're expelled from it. If you, if you wanna make Americans fight each other, talk about carbon. If you wanna bring Americans together, talk about habitat protection Yeah. Nature.


And, you know, it's A little weird. FI mean, you literally spent your life riverkeepers a as a, an environmentalist environmental lawyer in the environmental movement. I mean, that, that's the, that's, that's your life work product. Have you been expelled from the movement? Pretty much. You know, the weird thing is, I think of you as a radical environmentalist. Well, I definitely am. Yeah. I you are. I haven't showered inside in 10 years. Yeah, yeah. No, I feel it so strongly. Yes. And also, you know, you love nature. You're against these big projects that are aren't destroying. of course. It, of course. And you know, you, you talk about toxics and the merit, the environmental movement no longer talks about toxics anymore. They don't care about it.


They don't care that we're mass poisoning our children. It, it's so weird to me. And a and you know, I saw you, I, for, for 40 years I've been fighting to get against endocrine disruptors. Endocrine disruptors are a class of chemicals that change. They, they alter us hormone only and they change our, our, they can change sexual conduct, they can change sexual development, they can affect fertility. And we've already lost 50% of our sperm count. You know, we're having girls in this country that are achieving puberty on average between 10 and 13 years old.


That's six years less younger than they were, you know, 80 years ago. We, we, we have the lowest puberty levels on any continent in the world here, because we're just bombarding our children with endocrine disruptors and at, you know, they're, they're chemicals like PCBs, chlorinated bph, ethanols atrazine, which can turn male frogs into females and produce fertile eggs. That's how potent they are as an endocrine disruptor. And it's in 63% of our water supply PCBs, which I've been fighting since the day I became an environmental lawyer and getting 'em out of the Hudson.


So, but, and, and for 40 years I've been trying to get Republicans to talk about it. I talk Roger ELs all the time of both of us know who, who who would lent me occasionally onto Fox News to talk about it. But there was so much hostility from the Republican party. 'cause it was like you're attacking corporate profit taking and that these are chemicals, they're, they're molecules who cares. You know, they can't hurt you. And there was just, and then you do this incredible show on endocrine disruptors. And I'm like, oh my God. Tucker Carlson has just done the best show that's ever been done showing, you know, what's happening with endocrin disruptors, how they're just destroying us.


And the Democrats went after you and the environmental movement. And I'm like, what? You know, this is what we've been trying to get for 40 years, the Republicans to care about these issues. And they said, oh, he's saying that chemicals turn people gay and he's anti-gay and all of this stuff. And that wasn't where you said it all. And that's not what anybody said. And what what we're saying is we're we're destroying our children. That's what we're saying. Yeah. And God's creation, which is not ours, to destroy your description of why we protect nature and its role in our lives and what happens when you're cut off from nature and animals. But yeah, being part of nature is the best I've ever heard, ever.


Oh, thank you. Oh, I mean it. And when that, you know, when it becomes a, a matter of quantifying things for profit, then that kind of corrupts the whole enterprise. So where do you, my last question, what happens now? You had this kind of amazing announcement with Donald Trump on Friday. It's now Monday I think was just three days ago. What, how do you spend from here until election day? I'm gonna work to get him elected and, and you know, I'm working with the campaign, we're working on policy issues together. We're, I will, I've been asked to go onto the transition team and, you know, to help pick the people who will be running the government.


And I'm, I'm looking forward to that. And I, you know, I I'm, I'm gonna fight. I don't know what would happen to me if we lose. Well That's, that was, that's kind of it. I mean, a lot of people I know personally and I'm friends with are, have gone to prison and one of 'em is in prison right now. Pablo Joof. There are others. Like what happens if he loses to you? If, I mean, if Trump loses and Kamala Harris becomes president. Oh, I don't know. But I mean, I, listen, I know I don't, I never really think about that. I wanna, I think is good. What I think is, okay, here's what I gotta do today. And, you know, get up every day and say, reporting for duty, sir.


And then go do that. And, you know, nothing's a crisis. Everything's a task. Right. And, and so that's what I'm gonna be kind of a happy warrior. Not, you know, I, I'm, I know what I have to do, so I'm gonna do it. Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. Thank you. Thank you. That was really, that was a blessing. I appreciate it. Thank you. To watch the rest unlock our entire vast library of content. You can Visit Tucker Carlson dot com and activate your membership today in the name of free speech. We hope you will.