
Rick Sanchez, ladies and gentlemen, Thank you for doing this. Oh, it's a pleasure. How did you wind up at rt and what did you think? Larry King Gives me a call one day on Larry King. By the way, Larry's a great man. I Totally agree. I love Larry. He was kind. He says, Ricky, you ought to really look at this. And I'm thinking, Larry, the Russians. I mean, come on man. I was born in Cuba. It's a communist country. I mean, just in case he wants, you know, but he, but Larry says to me, lemme tell you something, Ricky, lemme tell you something. That's the way Larry would say this. It sounds so That is, you know, they don't tell me what to say. They don't tell me what to do. They don't tell me who I have to interview. They let me be in control of my show, and I guarantee you, they really like you.


They really want you. If you come here and do this show that they want you to do, they're gonna do that for you as well. And I said, really? Larry, you sure? And finally, I, I came to terms, you know, at the time I'd been fired by CNNI went to Miami. I decided to leave television altogether, television news. And at, at the time, I was, I had started a new healthcare company in South Florida, which we took public for a couple billion dollars.


And it was a great story. But as the story as that, that company was growing, I started thinking to myself, you know, I miss my calling. My calling is this Yeah. What You do. Plus it's fun. I love to tell stories. I like finding out things that I didn't know, and I love sharing them. And I, doing that for a living, I think is just a wonderful thing. I totally agree. So, because I was kind of missing that when I got a call one day from an agent saying, you know, there's this group that wants to hire you, and they're a real network, would you come up and talk to 'em? And then subsequently, I had the call with Larry King. I said, you know what? I might wanna do this. Sat down with my wife and my family, and I said, you know what?


I'm gonna put the healthcare company aside, and I'm gonna go back to what I, what I really wanna do. So I joined rt, I said, yes. What year? That was five years ago. Yeah. Yeah. Five years ago. So 2020. Yeah. Way before 2019. 2019. Way Before like this war and everything else. Yeah. And there, the footing between the United States and that Russia at the time was not hostile. It wasn't necessarily overly friendly, it was just kind of muddy in the middle. Muddy, exactly. Yeah. At the time. Yeah. So What was it like? It was everything Larry King said it would be really surprisingly. So I'm not surprised, but it's interesting. But I think others would be surprised.


So Like you, I like dominion of my product, right? Of course. I wanna, I want to be a writer. I want to be able to talk to my producers. I wanna know who my other writers are. Yes. And so I picked my staff, I wrote my entire show. I picked my topics. I led the editorial meeting every morning discussing what was gonna be on our news agenda of the day. And can I tell you something? I never had that opportunity at CNN or Fox, or NBC Ah, I'm sorry to say this. I've Worked at all three, and I can confirm that. Yeah. I mean, you do have some sense or some liberty or journalistic independence when you work at those places, but not like this.


I'll just say right now, and I hope I'm not breaking anybody's heart out there, who's a big CNN fan or any cable news fans out there. But if you decide you wanna interview somebody, and he's not on their list of okay, interviewees, they're not gonna let you interview him. And if you wanna go down a certain path, He's banned. He's Banned. Oh, I've, I've run up it against that many times. And you're saying, This is a good man with interesting things to say, Or he is in the news like this, a relevant person. Our, our viewers need to hear about this. Sure. The Jeffrey Sacks of the world, the me Shiers of the world, the Colonel McGregor of the world, they're not allowed to be on those network rocks. Yeah, right. It's, it's crazy. So I started seeing some of these things when I was at CNN.


I saw them as well at, at, at NBC and Fox, you know, to be fair, maybe sometimes coming from a different direction. And, and, and sure, I was allowed to have some, you know, say in the editorial decisions, but not as much. Can I just ask, since I worked at the same three companies that you worked at? Yeah. Well, you and I worked at CNN Together. Exactly. I would say the one thi So people look at, you know, CNN and MS are on the left. Yeah. Fox is on the right. But the, but there's also this sense that like, wait, maybe they're telling versions of the same story. Yes. And I found over 25 years that the one thing that none of those networks would accept was anybody who questioned as NeoCon storyline.


Correct. So I actually did have Doug McGregor to Fox's great credit. They allowed me to have him on. But I think that, I don't think he's been on since I left. And I think they hated him. But I think Doug McGregor is as offensive to Fox Executives as he is to CN executives as he is to MS NBC cec. Do you think that's fair? I think it's very fair. Yeah. And kudos to you for being the first person to put his thought process. Yeah. Well, I mean it, which is so different. It was OP And that is really the credit goes to, to the Murdochs who let me do that. You know, a lot of things to criticize. But they did. And, And your message was simple. We're being told we're winning this war in Ukraine. We're not. Yeah. And here's a man who's gonna take us through this. Silly, that's all it Was. I, but I didn't wanna make it about me. I just wanna say, I think we had the same experience, which is the red line at all three channels is exactly the same question.


NeoCon foreign policy. And we're done. So as a journalist working at rt, going back to your question was almost nirvana for me. Yes, it was fantastic. I reveled in this opportunity. I would get up with a, you know, with a little skip in my step every day thinking about what we can talk, talk about, and how we're gonna explain it and who we're gonna talk to. As difficult as it was. 'cause a lot of guests wouldn't want to come on because it was rt, you know? But it was really a great experience, especially comparatively speaking to what I had experienced in the past. And my old friend, Larry King, was right. They generally did not mess with me. And when they did, when we had normal editorial arguments, which happened in every newsroom, and should, of course, we would talk it out.


And sometimes I would win and sometimes I would lose. But it would be a discussion. It wouldn't be like, this is what you're doing. So that's fascinating. It's a great experience. So You felt that RT from, you know, internal editorial perspective, obviously you're the anchor, so you Yeah. You see what happens. You felt that it was freer than Fox, NBC or Ms. I wrote my entire show from top to bottom, and nobody looked at it until it went on the air. Okay. How's that? There you go. There you go. Can I, you know, can, is there anything more than that? Nobody looked at my script before I went on the air. Except I, except me and some of the editors who had to put pictures to it. Well, of course, right? Yeah. But nobody was looking at it. Aha, no, this goes out. You can't say this.


You can't say that. That's Amazing. Because They trusted me. I mean, look, man, I mean, I've got, I've been a part of two Peabody award-winning teams. I've got a DuPont, I've got five Emmys. I've interviewed four US presidents. I've sat down with Fidel Castro and Mikhail Gorbachev. And yet there's not a single entity in the United States who seems to be interested in hiring me. Why? Well, now I would say, I mean, there may be a lot of reasons, but now that you've worked at rt, I think it's illegal to hire you, right? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. It is. Yeah. It's something. So how long were you there? I worked for the first three years and then left prior to the invasion. Yeah. Because my friends back in South Florida, who were now building this $4.4 billion healthcare company, and I was one of the original partners of it, said, can you come back and help us handle the marketing?


I mean, we need you to just jump back in there and there's some things we, we want you to fix. And I was like, ah, yeah, yeah. So I left and I said, okay, I'm gonna go back and go back and do the, you know, the, the job building back this healthcare company that I had built with my friends. And, and while I was doing that, I then got a call from a, another dear friend, Ben Swan, who's a really good journalist. And he said, would you, you want, you wanna do a show? I said, oh my God, I'd love to do a show. I missed doing a show. So after taking a little hiatus for about a year and a half, I went back and started doing a show. He said, it's not allowed to air in the United States, but you get to produce your own show, And they air it all over the world, and you get to do it in Spanish and in English.


So suddenly I started doing the show again, Tucker. And when, When That was after the Ukraine war started, that Was after the Ukraine war started. Correct. So how was, I mean, that must have been, because that was the moment when, well, the Ukraine War is not a Ukraine war. It's a war against Russia led by the United States. Yeah. And you're working at rt Russia today. Yeah. So what was that like? It was tough. It was tough. But after reading enough and knowing enough, and hearing some of the people that we afo mentioned the McGregor's and Sachs, and I started thinking to myself, you know, I should do this because we need to have a conversation with these people. Exactly. We need journalists and others, and academics and whoever to start engaging with the journalists and the academics over there so we can have discussions and work out a solution before we start another fricking world war here.


I mean, th So this will be a good thing. Th th I can make the world a better place by having a show from the United States that shares the American perspective from a person who loves America. Of course. A guy who was born in a communist country and spent all his life listening to his parents say, we're in the greatest nation on earth, and sharing that with people around the world. And RT was gonna gimme an opportunity to do that. They weren't asking me to be a Russian, they were asking me to be a journalist who happened to be American. And why wouldn't I tell that kind of story? Well, I Totally agree. And That's what we grew up with. I remember as a kid watching Phil Donahue interview Brezhnev in New York, surrounded in a studio.


When Brezhnev would go to the UU Un, he would interview him. And here he was in the studio with all these women asking this man questions. I remember I rem that was Phil Donahue. I remember Ted Koppel once a week having a, a a, a Soviet reporter on his name escapes me. But he became very famous at the time. Yes. And they would go back and forth and debate ideas. Suddenly we're living in an era where our president hasn't spoken to their president for almost four years. This isn't right. It's, it's lunacy and it's, we're so diminished by it, actually, and imperiled by it. I would say I've had every thought that you've had. That's why I've been to Russia a couple times for that exact reason. Yeah. As a proud American who's never leaving, doesn't have another passport, hasn't served in anyone else's military.


I've Never been to Russia. Right. Well, you should go. It's a wonderful place. Yeah. But, but it doesn't make me less American. I I love my country more than anything. But anyway, the point is, I can understand and empathize with, and so strongly agree with everything you said. But I wonder for that first year or two years, you know, the anti-Russian hysteria in the United States, was that like a comical pitch? Like I, I don't think the US Open put Russian names on the screen of the players. Like people were not allowed, Russians weren't allowed to compete in sports. It really became pretty evil actually, I would say. And, but you, you, you signed back up with rt. Like, what was that like with People, you know, like what did they say to you?


I Tried not to bring it up in polite conversation. It would get in play really fast. It's like, you, you, you're doing what I would, you know, people would ask me, I'd say, oh my God, Rick Sanchez, I grew up watching you on tv, you know, in Miami and stuff. Yeah, yeah. Where I used to be on, on local television. And they say, so what are you doing now? I'd say, well, I'm doing a bunch of global stuff, you know, because you just, unless it's, unless the person happens to be, if I recognize that it's someone who's astute and has some kind of geopolitical observations, or knows the world or is kind of smart, then I tell 'em, And they go, oh man, that's cool. That's great. But you just don't want to, you know, have a, an argument with people during the day. So what Did your kids say? They were perfectly fine with it.


Ah, good. Yeah. Wonderful. They totally understood. We've taught them, Suzanne and I have really taught, well. She's a much better parent than I am, but I've done my part as well in making the kids understand that we live in a world where there's a lot of different opinions and a lot of different ways of looking at things. That's right. So you couldn't talk to my kids and come away thinking, oh, they're liberal. Oh, they're conservative. Or they're this, or they just, they're smart enough to understand and recognize things for what they are. Yes. And I think that's important. It sounds like you've done a great job. I couldn't agree more, but we She did. She did. Was there, I believe you, was there blow, was there a blow back though at all to your personal life? Yeah. Not to mention, you always felt like if ever you wanted to do something outside, or let's suppose Fox News would call Yeah.


One of your ex, you know, colleagues would call and say, Hey Rick, we were thinking about inviting you. 'cause remember you used to talk about such and such and they'd wanna book you and you'd think they were booking you for something. And you go, sure, I'd love to come on. And then all of a sudden you get that famous phone call that all bookers had to, We're going in a different direction. Yeah. We changed the show. We're not gonna do that story. And actually was they found out that you work at rt of course. And now they're not gonna have you on simply because you work in rt, which is so prejudicial. It's also so small minded and childish. Like these are, these are children who don't know anything about the world at all. Rick Sanchez, we want you to talk about the new elections in Mexico, but we're not gonna get you on because you work at rt. What the hell does one thing have to do with the other?


Well, of course. And by the way, let me just back up a bit. You said that by the time, so you were there from, I'm roughly speaking like 2019 to late 20, 20, 21, End of 21 or something like that. And then you come back in say 22 or 23, correct. After the war begins. Yes. But by that point, you can't watch RT in the United States. RT is not available in the United States. It was totally banned. So, So the problem there, it's not really about Russia. Who owns RT or it's agenda. It's about the United States, which has a bill of rights. The first right enumerated is the right to free speech, the right to see, hear and say whatever you choose.


Because That had already been gotten rid of. You're not a slave, you're a free man. So Correct. No one can control what I hear or what I think. Right. Well, but Biden, how did they ban a TV network in the United States? That was, when did that happen? That Was after the war in Ukraine. They decided that no one in the United States should have the right to understand the perspective other than the Ukrainian perspective. Therefore, rt, which was possibly going to share The Russian perspective, should not be allowed to continue to operate in the United States. But how Did that happen? Like did, oh, they just put out an edict. I think they just, I think it went through the Treasury Department once again. But what Happened, like Your license is revoked and this particular entity's not allowed to operate.


But what About civil liberties? Aren't Americans allowed to hear whatever they want to hear? Well, that's what I thought. Right. Congress shall pass no law. Yeah. Freedom of speech, all that jazz. Where'd it go? But then Biden doubles down. Right? And that, that, do you want me to share the, the, the, the, the phone call? Yeah, I wanna know everything. I mean, this is, but I just wanna set the context. This is pure craziness. And they can say, Russia, bad Russia it bad. Putin agent all they want, I don't care personally. But what they can't do is end the Constitution, because that's not their right. It preexists their rule. And it will, I hope, endure after they're long gone. So like, I don't really know the part where they were, they ended the First Amendment.


I don't really understand that. You know, it's really weird. 'cause if you watched my show, and many people did, and some Americans were watching the show, 'cause they'd, you know, back channel it somehow through the internet or something. My show was very, very popular in Latin America. One of the most popular shows in Latin America. Huge in India and in different parts of the world, because RT happens to be one of the most respected, you know, journalistic networks, content creators in the, in the whole world there, it's a very viable, you know, they put a lot of money and they've got a lot of smart people working there. And I think they generally do a pretty good job with their product. And they, I'll say this, I haven't, I'm not allowed to watch it. So obviously I haven't seen it that much.


As an American, it's forbidden for me to have those ideas or that information. But to the extent I have seen it, super interesting. Yeah, super interesting. Yeah. It's not just news on a loop. Like the channels that we worked at are, it's like, here are the eight stories of the day. We're just gonna flog the shit out of 'em and you can't hear anything else. They have tons of interesting stuff. Yeah. And my show was not necessarily every day about the Ukraine war, nor was it about Putin. Nor was it, it was US politics. It was a little bit of India. It was about the South China Sea. You know, we covered all the interesting things that were going on out there with interesting people from around the world who would love to come on and talk to us. And a lot of people found it invigorating and interesting to watch a perspective that was different than the normal perspective you get here in the United States all time.


Totally agree. And to hear an American perspective, which as an American you brought is I think really cool and important. And, and it's Good for us. And it's good for them, of course. And it's good for just talking. And, and by the way, even if it's not good or you think it's not good, you're not allowed to, you're not allowed to get in the way of it, because that's against our constitution, which is the basis of our civilization. So back off, A government is not allowed in this country, or so we're told to tell us who we can work for, who we can watch, or what news entities can deliver news. And which can't,


You probably haven't forgotten. The image of empty grocery shelves during COVI, lockdowns and outta control mandates made that nightmare hard enough. And not being able to get the food you want for your family was just too much. So the people who run this country should do everything possible to make sure that never happens again. One small business called, called Merriweather Farms, is doing everything it can to help. The founder of Merriweather Farms was so alarmed by this country's dependence on foreign meat that she left Washington, abandoned her career there, and came to the great American West to begin a company that created American grazed beef. And she has, and we eat it every day. If you sign up for a subscription today, you'll get Mayweather's best offerings, 10% off, plus free shipping every month. Your first box will be filled with 20 of their premium beef sticks, plus another special offer for more. A hundred percent of Merriweather cattle are born and raised in the us brought up right in Wyoming, Colorado, and Nebraska. They're all American all the time. Go to merriweather farms.com/tucker, shop all products and save. And by the way, the meat is excellent.


So then I'm, I'm, I just wanted to get that as a sort of foundation for the story you're about to tell. So then what happened? So this last year, sometime around August, I come home and I'd had a great newscast Last year. So 2024. Correct. 2024. So Right in the middle of a presidential campaign? That's correct. Okay. In the middle of a presidential campaign, keyword presidential campaign. I get this interesting phone call. I had just come home from work and I get a phone call and it's an old friend who used to work with me in mainstream news. He was a manager at CNN, as a matter of fact, Ricky, what's going on? Yeah. Hi. Oh my God, what are you doing? Calling me? He goes, ah, I just wanted to check up on you, see how things are going.


I said, good, Jim. Things are going pretty, really pretty well. He says, just calling to let you know that I'm now working somewhere else. I'm no longer in news. I said, oh, okay. And where I work, a lot of people are talking about you. And I said, well, cool. That's neat. Who, who are you working? He says, like, the State Department kind of, oh, come on. I'm like, no. I'm like, oh wait, you work at the State Department? Who knows? U-S-A-I-D and or Other agencies? Yes. And I, the the guys are talking about you. I said, well, well good. What are they saying?


Well, your show's very popular, so come on. Yeah. I said, well, what do you think? He goes, well, they, they don't necessarily like some of the things that you're saying. And I said, okay. And I said, well, they're welcome to come on and tell me whoever they are, tell me. I mean, we could have, we could have 'em on as a guest and we can discuss whatever it is. But throughout the conversation, he was very evasive, but was letting me know that, I guess, I guess he was letting me know that I was being watched. And that was part of his mission. And not only was he telling me that he was, that I was being watched, but he would kind of hope that I would somehow change what I was saying.


But he wasn't coming out and exactly saying it. So when we were done with the conversation, I remember I hung the phone and I thought, what the hell was that? Was that a warning or a threat? Or maybe both? I'm not sure. Or maybe both. And then three weeks later, all of a sudden I'm hearing, and then it happens, the Biden administration has decided to go through the treasury department, this little agency called OFAC, that most people have never heard of. Oh, yes. Which controls what businesses in the United States are allowed to exist and which ones aren't. And, And they shut down the place where I worked.


And not only that, they passed a measure within that provision that seemed to say, and I'm not a lawyer and I'm not an expert on it, but it seemed to say that any American working for this entity will go to jail or be fined if they continue working for that entity. So, and that's what happened. And the next day, man, I was on the street. That's absolutely mind blowing. So let's just back up. You say three weeks later, they, the State Department shut down the place where you work. What does that mean? That means that they officially announced that RT as an entity and anybody associated with media in Russia, I think is the way they wrote it, is not allowed to hire, or, or even contract anyone in the United States.


I, Rick Sanchez Productions, my show had been hired by an entity to do a show that was airing on rt. I didn't work directly for rt, but I worked for a US company that was doing shows. They sold the shows And they sold this show to rt. So my show ended up being on rt. Well, they back channel the, the, the, the, just the, the, the treasury Department under Mr. Biden decided to follow all those little loopholes or whatever. And they went all the way back and said, not only can RT not exist in the United States, RT is not allowed to pay money to anybody in the United States for any product.


They can't buy a product, they can't contract anybody. They can't, nobody can work for anybody who contracts through rt. And if any of those people are caught in the United States, somehow contracting or working for rt, I don't care if you're a janitor or a carpenter or a plumber, you will be fined or even go to jail. That's the new law, according to Mr. Biden, three weeks afterward. And they said something in the dicta in the explanation about why they were doing this, that they thought that the Russians were once again preparing to interfere in our election as they had before in the case with Mr. Trump. So they were shutting down RT and anybody who could be in any way associated with rt, Even those, I wasn't doing pro-Trump stuff.


In fact, I was criticizing Mr. Trump during the campaign for certain things that he did. Just like I was criticizing Kamala Harris. It was totally unfair that here I am, just doing a basic newscast every day, sharing it with them. That was getting garnering tens of millions of people around the world. And a lot of people thought it was fair, and it was sharing a perspective that Americans needed to hear. And the Biden administration said, no, you cannot practice your craft as a journalist if you're in any way associated with those people. But It wasn't airing in the United States. No, It wasn't. I was, well, that's just pure craziness. Well, That's what happened. And it happened in America.


And it hurts being a guy who was born in a communist country and has spent his whole life saying, we are so different than the rest of the world. Because we allow people to say and think and work wherever they want. And all of a sudden here I was being told I couldn't work or think or, or, or say whatever I wanted. And that's, that's like unbelievable. Did anyone from the US State Department reach out to you after No. No. Did you speak again to the sinister CNN colleague who called you from the State Department after this happened? He, he, He sent me a, a Christmas card and recently And did he leave like a horse's head on your bed or anything like that?


He did. We did have your, no, actually we did have a, That's such mafia behavior. I mean, it's Insane. We did have a secondary conversation. And interestingly enough, he suggested that he would help me if I wanted to maybe go to work like at Fox or someplace like that, that they could make some phone calls. Oh, he could. So we'll welcome you back into NeoCon world if you'll just about before the throne. Isn't that kind of a feeling you get, is that what they were saying? That's the reality. I, that's the reality. This is all so damn coded, man. It's coded, but the message is clear, isn't it? But when You're living it and you're experiencing it, and thank God, you know, we've done well, and Suzanne and I are, you know, there's other people who are affected by this, you know, guys who were producers and writers, all Americans.


Oh, Oh, of course. Oh, It's, they hired teams of people all over Washington and, and New York and, and they're good people. People who worked with you at Fox and people who worked with me at C Nnn and people who worked in local news. They're just regular American people, writers, producers, you know, and they're all out on their ass. Simply because Mr. Biden thought that the Russians might be mean to him. And, you know, But not even in the United States and Not exactly. I will say one of the smartest people I've ever met in my long life, and most patriotic American I've ever met in my life, certainly up there, worked at rt just a fact. And I, I met on a, on a news assignment in a foreign country years ago.


And just a truly brilliant person. But anyway, I found the Russians in general to be, and have found them to be, since I've been working with them to be extremely transactional and extremely honest. Sometimes, you know, more so than we are. Yeah. Well Blunt. Yeah. They, they, They say what they think, you know, what they want. And when you talk to them, they're very exact about what they want. And I kind of find that admirable. It's a, it's a, it's a, it's a no. You know, we're talking in generalities here. Hasty generalizations are never good. There's all kinds of Russians, just like, there's all kinds of Americans. But, but generally speaking, I found their mannerism to be very easy to work with and for, So I thought, I grew up in a country that took the second World War.


Seriously. And its lessons, our whole civilization in the, our whole society in the US was based on the lessons we were learned in the war in World War II from the Nazis. That's, that's the country I grew up in. And one of the main le you know, so what were the lessons? We don't judge people on the basis of their appearance. Racism is bad. Right. Eugenics and all that garbage, we're against that. And number two, we don't demonize whole groups of people. If an individual does something bad, we can say that and we can punish that individual. But we can't punish his parents. Right. Or his children or his neighbors. 'cause they didn't do anything. We don't believe in collective punishment that's immoral. It's anti-Christian. But it's also the lesson of the second World war. And to, and so I totally buy that. I still believe that. Truly, like in my heart, I believe that call me liberal, but it's so crazy to see like our whole society doing that.


And it's like, you don't like Putin, that's fine. You've got all sorts of like, things You don't like he's that he's doing, you wanna do things he's preventing you from doing. I get it. But to turn around and say every 150 million Russians are evil or Russia is a gas station with nuclear weapons like that low IQ buffoon McCain used to say, and all the other low IQ buffoons in the US Senate, which is like 95% of them. It's a gas station with nuclear weapons. Really? Have you ever read Tolstoy? Yeah. Have you ever been there? Like you may hate Russia, but to say it's a gas station, you're an idiot actually. And to hurt like professional tennis players. 'cause they have Slavic last names. Like, I don't wanna live in a country that does that.


Do you know what I mean? Oh, absolutely. I thought it was first they came for the so and so, then they came for the so and so and I said nothing. It's like we, that extends to all human beings. If they did that to the Malaysians or the Chinese or any, anybody, it doesn't matter. The Belgians, you can't collectively punish people. Yeah. Right. And and we did, Since you made the historical reference to World War II last time I checked, and there's no American who knows this unless we as parents tell them. But I hate to break it to you, but the French were not the reason that Hitler was defeated. I'm aware. I know. We think this, and I know every year or every couple of years we have this, you know, the French Resistance did it.


Yeah, yeah. Normandy thing where we invite everybody, but the Russians and the French president, whoever he happens to be at the time, whether it's Macron to Miran, sits there and says, oh look what we did in Europe. Look what we did. Really? No, I know you Lasted five minutes, dude. But yeah, yeah. Part of the story. It's just That impulse, the impulse of the crowd to call someone unpopular and then lynch him. Like that's a human impulse. All people have that impulse. It's incredibly ugly. Civilization exists to keep it in check. It's why we're against lynching. It's why we're against war crimes. It's why we're against like mob behavior in general. And to see the US government encouraging that, whether it's against people who don't get vaccinated or Russians or just pick a group, I don't care who it's against.


Yeah. I'm opposed to that. Right. Just know this Tucker. And I think you do. Every time a bullet is spent, every time a helicopter crashes, every time a fighter plane goes down, somebody somewhere in the United States says, chaching, I hate that. And I mean, you're right. I know that you're right. Fortunately, wars and enemies are chosen for a specific reason. And more often than not, it has to do with financial reasons. And it has nothing to do with the good people of this country. Right. Just like there are good people in Wisconsin who don't want to share their communities with tons of immigrants. And it's not because they're bad people or dislike immigrants and they're not the ones who started the problem in Honduras or Guatemala.


I agree. That caused 500,000 people to leave the countryside and come to the United States. Completely Agree. So there are some people in our gut, we, I love the United States, but there are some people in our government who do some very nefarious things, who create bad results that make the rest of us feel it and look bad. That's the shit we gotta take care Of. And hate and hate each other too. They inspire hate. I don't like that. I don't think a government should ever whip its population into a frenzy of hate. Think it's really scary. Right. Even again, even against The Russian. So I'm hardly an expert on Russia. I've been there a couple times that don't speak Russian. I don't, you know, I'm not Russian, I'm from La Jolla. But my, I've come to understand their perspective and I think it's a fair perspective.


Well you worked with them. So that's my question. You know more about Russians than I do just because you worked with a lot of 'em. What was their perspective on the war? Their perspective on the war was quite simple. It goes back decades where it seemed to them that NATO and the United States, yeah. Which many people would argue NATO's really run outta Washington, have for years broken their promises. It, it's almost this simple. If we were trying to explain it in very simple terms, after the Soviet Union broke apart, they were desperate for a friend. And we said we would be their friend and we would show them how democracy and capitalism works.


And we sent the brightest minds in America and we even had James Bakker say to them, don't worry because you're no longer our enemy. We're not gonna encroach on you. We're not gonna point missiles at you. We're not gonna continue NATO expansion all the way up to your border. We're just not gonna do that. We promise we're not gonna do that. And then they found out over the years that that wasn't true. That every single thing that we said we would not do, we actually did. And if you actually looked at Russia and then you looked at nato, now it's almost like they're feeling a little bit surrounded. Well, 'cause the, the point of NATO is to surround them.


Yeah. From Estonia to Latvia. And there's missiles pointed there of course. And they started getting fear. So now you have this here, which is Ukraine, which is almost the end of the encirclement. And they finally thought to themselves as citizens and their president said, guys, this is too much. I mean, now you want to take Ukraine. We got a 4,000 year history here. Going back to Catherine the great, and it's now you say, not only do you want to take nato, but you're already putting military hardware in there. And then there was this thing, which they believe is very true, which our government under a woman named Victoria Newland in 2014, helped to foment along with Mr.


Biden, who was vice president, a coup in, in, in, in Ukraine, that caused a democratically elected president to be removed simply because he was friendly to Russia. He wasn't necessarily a Russian, but he was friendly to Russia. In other words, he wanted to have good relations with Russia. It's One of the world's great powers right on his border. Correct. Would be like, is The president of Mexico generally friendly to The president of the United States? Yeah, yeah. No choice. Right? Not on everything, of course. But of course they're gonna have relations. Of course. We decided it was wrong for The president of Ukraine to have relations. Certainly not friendly relations with Russia.


So we went in and we started a coup, which we're, we've been known to do as you know. And as a result of that coup, we had the guy essentially eventually removed. And that finally was the last straw. That's where the Russians, their mindset, their president, their politicians said, this is too much. This just cannot continue. And that's what led to this war. So that's their way of looking at it like they were being encroached. Is it right, is it wrong? Do they have a right to think that way? It's not for me to decide. Maybe historians can decide that. But there is another story besides one day the Russians just got angry and decided to go after Ukraine for no reason whatsoever.


And there No history. 'cause they're rebuilding the Soviet Union And they want to take Poland. And it's like the dumbest storyline I've ever heard. And there's nothing factually to back that story up in any way. I'm aware. I'm Aware they have been losing territory, not gaining territory. And they're fine with it. And they don't wanna go. They don't wanna, I don't think the Russians wanna run Ukraine. Do they need more land at the Russians? No, but Part of Ukraine is Russian. No, I'm aware. But I'm just saying the idea that they want eastern Europe, The largest country in the world, that That's like extremely Complicated seven times zones To run. Yeah. So it's what I have noticed and that makes me sadder even than anything. 'cause ultimately I care about what happens in my country. 'cause my kids live here. And so watching the style of debate in America change to, you know, a system, an age old system, a western system where, you know, you think one thing, I think another we like talk it through the guy with The best point wins, right.


To a system where we just create a villain. And if we don't like what the other person is saying, we tie him to the villain and it ends the conversation. Shut up Rick Sanchez, you're a Putin puppet. Correct. You took money from Putin. Correct. Why should I listen to you? Yeah. And it's like, I, at first when this started happening, it started happening a while ago. I was like, that's so childish, I'm not even gonna acknowledge it. And then it spread like the stage four cancer that it is and all of a sudden everybody thinks like that. Everybody thinks like that. Yeah. It's like you are connected to Russia. The latest is Qatar, Which is The country of 300,000 people. It's like, oh, Qatar Is running our American Media.


It's like so floridly insane. But also, so like unimpressive, like do you really think like that? There's Something that bothers me so much lately. I created, I just, well because I'm bored and I created a new podcast. It's called Journalistically Speaking and I named it Journalistically Speaking for a reason. You know, I got a journalism degree from the University of Minnesota. I've practiced journalism most of my life. I feel good about it. I think it's an honorable profession. But I'm kind of trying to stick it in the eye of the other people who call themselves journalists who work at all these places. Today I started looking around and looking at M-S-N-B-C and CNN and Fox, how the people who work at these places were former spokespersons for the Pentagon or the State Department or President Bush, or President Intel or president this or president that.


And I'm thinking, And they say Russians are state tv. We, we've got literally the person who spoke for The president of the United States is now the anchor at such and such a network. Oh, I agree. And they're all over the place. And, and, and what is, what is more state TV than that. And most of them didn't even study journalism and have never covered a story and wouldn't know one, what it looks like if hit him in the ass. So funny. And so there's This one chicken, M-S-N-B-C, who I knew, and I can't remember her new last name. It was Dev Nicole Devonish. Nicole Wallace is her name now. Yeah. And she was Jeb Bush's like coffee girl and Flack kind of like in the nineties. And I, I covered Joe Bush, I remember her very well.


She was totally incompetent then. But she was incompetent in this very specific way that people in Washington are. She was totally obedient to the message. Yes. No creativity, no independent thinking, pretty low iq, nasty. But man, if you told her to say something, she would just say it. Yeah. And it's so sad to see someone like that rewarded in this great country, which I guess she has been. I think she has a TV show still, right? Nicole Wallace. Nicole Wallace, Yes. Yeah, yeah. Is it still on the air? She Worked for McCain. I think she ultimately worked for McCain. But I knew her when she worked for Jeb Bush and, but I just couldn't believe like she's a journalist. Yeah. Like are you joking?


She's like a flack and not even a good one. They're either, But obedience was her main. Yeah. And that's qualification and that's how they keep their jobs. And that's why the Rick Sanchez of the world get fired from those places. And the Tucker Carlson of the world get fired from those places. Oh, I'm So grateful that I did whatever happened. There was me Too. You know, I shouldn't even ask you this in the middle, you know, on camera. 'cause I don't know no idea what your answer's gonna be. But there was a guy, Well you don't know what any of my answers are. No, it's true. No, but this could be but Dylan Rad Rattigan. Yes. Okay. So I think I was at nbc. Brilliant guy. Exactly. Yeah. And he was on the left. And I remember thinking, oh, he's like some liberal, he was not a liberal. No, he was on the like traditional, he was like free thinking left guy.


Right. And he started saying stuff, I think I was worked there when this happened. And he went from being like, oh, liberal guy, whatever. Abortion. Abortion, abortion. To being like, Hey, why don't we pay people fair wages? Which is a real thing as far as I'm concerned. And all of a sudden he like disappeared. We never heard from him again. Whatever. And so I thought he was impressive, but I knew that his brand of politics was not acceptable. Whatever happened to him. You Know, they did the same thing with him that they do, that they did with me. I mean, you know, they said, look, I know you've got a new contract you signed just a little while ago, so we're gonna continue to pay you for the next two and a half or three years. And the only thing is you can't say anything bad about us and You can't really take another job unless it's more money.


And you know, it's crazy. I don't know where they get the money, but they have a lot of money those places. Oh, I know they do. Because they just handed out And they told Dylan Ratigan, no, we don't want you working here anymore. And it was like they did it from one week to the next And he was gone simply because he was challenging the status quo. He, And he was, and I remember, like, I didn't pay any attention to Dylan Rattigan at all. But then one day I heard him say something. I was like, well that's, I don't even know if I agreed with it or not. But it was interesting. Yeah. And I could tell that Dylan Radigan was actually thinking for himself. And he's smart. I totally agree. I don't know him, but I remember thinking, this guy's smart. Yeah. And then he was gone. Yeah. I got that same feeling at CNN as soon as I started challenging certain principles, criticizing for example, certain things.


Then the elders at CNN, those people who were in that, the, the, the row they called It. Oh, I Remember they had this thing called the row and it was like 5, 6, 7, 8 older guys who decided what stories went on the air, why they went on the air, when they should go on the air. And I remember I wanted to start doing certain stories about some of the mistakes and foibles that we had made in Latin America, for example, that were causing this fair, this, this, this, this immigration thing that was going on. Yes. And they said, no, no, no, we're not reporting that. I said, what do you mean we're not reporting that? I said, you know, to a certain extent we kind of started a, a civil war in Guatemala that ended up in the deaths of 200,000 people and we removed a democratically elected president back in the 1950s, which has led to the problems that have gone into Honduras.


And as the only Hispanic anchor in America working at your network. I'd like to tell some of these stories not to be critical so we can learn. We make mistakes. It's okay. A hundred percent. They said, no, you will not do that story period. Why? How I guess it made certain people in as NeoCon establishment look bad And they were trying to move that Foreign intervention, especially in a country you don't understand has massive consequence, generational consequences. Exactly. Right. Have, have some humility when you act like you bomb somebody's country. Everyone's like, oh, just, just bomb the country. Okay, fine. You bomb the country. Kill a bunch of people, take out a nuclear site.


But like what happens then? Yeah. Yeah. And, and Alex's maybe there was a good explanation for it. I agree. Maybe there was something that was gonna lead. But you can't just say, well the guy seemed to have some leftist tendancy so we took him out. What I mean, you know, Whatever. Especially since he was interesting. And it does make you wonder like the people who remain and I like them perfectly fine. I have nothing, I always like Wolf blitzer always get along with Anderson Cooper. Yeah. There are a ton of people like that who've just like, kind of been there forever at, at all the networks. Not just CNN but, and I never had any problem with any of them. Wolf was always nice to me, for example. Yes. Wolf's a really nice guy. Yes, totally. I completely agree. And and Cooper never had any problem with him at All.


A little all but he's a nice, he's Weird. I never got So are we all, any kind of human warmth sense from him, but whatever, you know. But what the, in order to stay at a channel like that for that long, the number of like deep moral compromises you have to make Yes. Is crazy. Don't you think? Is that fair? I was watching you and Cuomo the other day and I thought, wow, the questions that you guys were going back and forth on, I was thinking, does he really not know? Does he really think, for example, not to bust his chops. 'cause I I think he's a good guy and generally does a good show. He's, he's inquisitive enough to ask good questions. But guys like him who you think this guy is really smart.


And when he's kind of defending Zelensky as some kind of, you know, novel, perfect leader, I'm thinking dude, really? I mean the information's out there if you just wanna look for it or do you not wanna find it? I don't know.


Of All the New Year's resolutions, you're likely to put off the one you're most likely to put off and keep putting off is buying life insurance. And you should have life insurance. It's kind of crazy not to, 'cause the future is unknown. You gotta have life insurance, but you may not have life insurance 'cause it's a huge hassle and it can be a huge ripoff. But there is an answer Policygenius. It makes it very easy and much cheaper. You can find life insurance policies to start at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars of coverage. And some options, and this is The best part, are a hundred percent online and lets you avoid unnecessary medical exams. The guy with the gloves, you don't want that. If You can avoid it and you may be able to avoid it, 40% of people wind up looking back and wishing they'd had more better life insurance or any life insurance. It could have helped their families enormously Policygenius can fix that for you. Peace of mind. That's what they're really selling. The address Policygenius dot com slash tucker or click the link in the description to get your free life insurance quotes and see how much money you could save and how much hassle you could save. Policygenius dot com slash tucker.


What is that? Do you think that it is a kind of instinctive deference to true power that keeps people in line? Is there some kind of conference call I've never been invited on. Like how does everybody know? It kind of comes up what the red line is. When You, when you are hired in the United States of America as a communicator, one of the first things you adhere to is the principle of power. So having access if you're a local reporter in Wichita to the police chief Yeah. So that You can go out on the by busts that they're going to do. Yes. Or the investigation on a local politician.


You yearn for that connection somewhere along the line that never seems to be broken. For some people it's like, if all I gotta do to be a good communicator is get tight with the mayor's office, the police chief, the, and then as you grow, maybe you end up at cnn. Now it's the State Department. No, it's totally Right. The CIA, the the, as a journalist, I represent power. And somewhere along the lines, somebody needs to slap the shit out of all of us and say, no, you don't. No, you don't. Your job is not to represent, your job is to represent the people down there, the workers, the people who pay the taxes. Yeah. And your audience.


Those people. Yes. They, they are the people you need to work for your audience, the, the average American. And they're not, they're like, you know, the average Americans here, but the people that I really wanna impress her are over here because that's what gives me access. And access is everything. Access is growth and it gets me the next job. And that's a strange little thing that we've developed in this country. Did you ever know Jen Griffin at Fox? The Pentagon Reporter? I, I think I may have met her, but no, I don't wanna single her out. She's perfectly nice. Yeah, that's not true actually. Pentagon reporters are usually Salute. Whoa, whoa. And what's interesting is she just carries the She lies and she carries the Pentagon line.


Not the kind of top, you know, not the defense secretary line, he's a political appointee, but the permanent Pentagon, the interest of this agency, the largest government agency. And she just carries her line no matter what, no matter what. It doesn't matter how implausible it is. It's, and it's as a NeoCon line. It's a free strict. And when you challenge her, when she's on your show, which I'm sure you had this happen. 'cause I had this happen in CNNI, you know, have the inter the, the Pentagon reporter on, and I'd challenge her on a question. She would complain to management and then management would call me in and say, Hey, take it easy with your questioning and what you were doing. Are you serious? Oh, I remember John Klein calling me The president of You remember, do You remember John? Do I remember John? Yeah.


Am I, do we wanna go at a rabbit hole here? It's like, no, I'm not gonna, but John Would call me and say, Rick such and such says you gotta really back off on this stuff. It's like, why? It's a perfectly legitimate question. John Klein was, well, she's upset, Was a test of, of my personal decency and religious principles because I was so mistreated by John Klein and the most dishonest, I, no one's ever been that dishonest with me ever in my life. That when John Klein got fired, which was of course inevitable from CNNI called him to say, you know, I just, I heard you get fired and I'm just so grateful that you did get fired because you deserve it. Did You say that? I didn't. Oh. So I called him on a cell. He, this was years later, he picks up and then I was like, that's really, don't do that to somebody Like I'm a Christian.


Don't act like that to somebody, you know, kick him when he is down. Don't do that. So I just hung up. He's like, hello Tucker. Hello. And I hung up and that was The best I could do. Yeah. What I should have done as a Christians called him and said, you know, John, I I, we had the problems between us, but I know what it feels like to be fired. I'm really sorry. I I could, I wasn't man enough to do that. Wow. But I did pull back, What a moment. Well, That it, That, that little moment, that, that half a second on the phone of silence. Must've been, I, I don't be that person. I don't want to kick the suffering, man. I'm glad about your cancer. Diabetes. Damn. I don't wanna be that person. But boy, I was tempted because, I mean, John Kline is, I've never dealt with anybody that dishonest. Like literally I resigned my job at CNNI went to lunch with my brother at the Palm on 19th Street.


I'll never forget this was like back when you didn't check your cell phone all the time. Yeah. I get back to my office and I have a call from Dave Bower at the ap who's the AP writer, and he's like, call me back right away. He's like, I'm sorry, you just got fired from CNN. We have a statement from John Klein. I was like, what do you mean fired? I resigned this morning, I think get fired. What are you talking about? He's like, no, no. John Kline called me. Why was at lunch? Oh my God. And I was like, are you kidding? So I called John Klin. I was like, is this real? And he said, and I'm quoting as God watches. He goes, it's just business. It's just business. I dunno why I'm telling this story. I've never told that story to anybody, but that was, yeah, That's a great story. So, John, no, but that's how the business works. Sounds a little like the mafia then. Yeah, Well, it totally is.


And I'm sorry that I, it's just business now. No, you and I have had interesting career 25 years later, it's like, of course that's what happened. It doesn't bother me at all. Yeah. But, and we're both better for it. Oh, I completely agree. You know, and anyone who's shocked by that kind of stuff is a, is a naive, and I don't wanna be naive, so, but so you, so I'm totally stepped all your story 'cause you triggered me, Sean Klein. No. Well, here, let me help you. So after the Biden administration decides that they think this entity, which they really don't even understand, but apparently they thought my show was too popular And they didn't want me to be popular on a network other than the BBC or CNN. And so they essentially shut it down, thereby shutting me down by penalty of imprisonment.


And I was a little angry about it. So I went around and I started telling people about it all. Anybody who would listen, I would say, look, this, this is the situation I'm in. And it's very bothersome. And I got a lot of people, including the Society of Professional Journalists, who said, look, in a country like ours, the government doesn't get a chance to decide who are the winners and losers who can report and who can do anything else. So they've invited me to actually speak at one of their forums, which I thought was cool. And then a very large newspaper here in the United States, in Washington No less, decided they were gonna run a story on this. And essentially they wrote a story that essentially says the headline of, you know, Rick Sanchez, former CNN Reporter, challenging the Biden administration, hoping that the the new Trump administration will change this law.


And it was legitimate story telling the story that I've been telling you that one day I was working and suddenly it was, this was taken away from me and it was unfair, perfectly legitimate story. And it was about to air, or pardon me, be published the very next day. And I get a phone call. Remember we talked earlier about a mysterious phone call? Yeah. Now there's this young journalist, nice young man, worked hard on this story, smart kid. And he says, Mr. Sanchez, I'm so sorry to tell you this, but the story that was gonna come out tomorrow that you and I were both excited about it, it's been killed. They're not gonna run the story. I said, why wouldn't they run the story? They said, well, because our managing editor, not my boss, his boss apparently got a call last night from somebody And they convinced him in that phone call that we should kill this story.


And I said, can you give me more details? Do you know why? He goes, no, I don't even know who the person was who called him. And I don't usually work with my man with, with the guy at the top. I usually work with my regular editor. I'm just a reporter. But I've never even heard of a phone call coming from the very top like that and canceling the story. So now, not only did I get a mysterious call that led to me losing my job at rt, now my just trying to share my story with people was being killed by another mysterious phone call. Well, it was a NeoCon publication. So I'm from dc You're not. So I'm, I happen to know the publication very well, and it's as a NeoCon publication.


And we don't wanna say it because we're a young man, I don't want It, not my, it didn't happen to me. So I don't have the right to to divulge it. But it's a publication in Washington DC that is resolutely NeoCon. And they're like, no, this is contrary to the story that we're telling. So, so, So what you're telling me, and what we're coming to realize in this conversation, you and I, is that the State Department who I know reached out to me when I was working at RT to kind of threaten or warn me not to work at rt, which is my choice, and was taken away from me, also then followed up by calling a American newspaper to tell them not to cover me or tell my story based on what they needed as well. Of course. This is crazy. It is crazy.


This Is crazy. And, and by the way, I don't, I don't know anything about No, of course, the mechanics of what actually happened. No, of course, of course. But I can say that there is a conspiracy of temperament and worldview that is not explicit. And I doubt it's even like a true conspiracy. And that, I don't know if there's communication between the parties, but the people who work at the State Department, the people who work at the Washington Post, the people who work at, you know, every big news organization in DC and New York have the same worldview. And so they know that, you know, telling your story, explaining how your First Amendment rights as an American were violated Yeah. By the US government is contrary to their interests as cheerleaders of the war against Russia.


It'll help Putin. So we can't say it. Right. It's like, I mean, that seems like deep crush, and All we wanna do is engage. I mean, I am not here, you know, being a cheerleader for Russia or any other country. We are Allowed to be, we're not at war with Russia, by the way. So we are In fact waging a war against Russia and have been over hundreds of billions of dollars later to a proxy, you know, more than a million people dead later. You know, we're losing, but, and it's all very sad. But the truth is, we're not actually at war with Russia. Congress has not declared war in Russia. So you've got every right to go to Russia, to take Russia side if you want. I, I mean, I don't think you are taking, you haven't been to Russia and you're not taking Russia side, but just to be clear, you have a right to do that.


And it's an inalienable, right? As a journalist, it's my responsibility to represent their point of view, of course, to put a microphone in front of 'em and say, what is your opinion of this situation? Right? And then report back. But we are not allowed to do that. I'm being told, you're not allowed to get that side of the story. And if you report that side of the story, we're gonna put you in jail. So I do think that most journalists obey because they fear social sanction. They fear someone saying, you're a Putin puppet, or whatever. Oh, I hate that. But in your case, you actually saw an administration try to apply the force of law, like, we'll put you in jail. So that's what I think is different about your story. It's not just like people are embarrassed to be seen as pro-Russia. They were like, no, you violate the order and you're going to prison.


That's a different level now. And I'm challenging it as an American, first of all, just from a constitutional standpoint. I think I have a right to challenge it. And I've talked to enough people in the legal community who are helping me with this, who are saying, if you want to continue doing that, you have a right to petition to continue doing that in the United States. And now that the Trump administration is there, there are, we're getting some friendly responses from people in the Trump administration who are saying, why is Rick Sanchez not allowed to work? I know. No. And I can't say definitively yet that the Trump administration will undo this. 'cause, you know, things are moving and there's negotiations now with Russia, and I understand the Trump administration is trying to remove some of the silly sanctions that we have on them that are just ridiculous.


But the reason it's so hard to do any of that is because of the leash that remains in place, which is the fear. People have good people, patriotic Americans have of being tied to Russia. So, so total has been the propaganda victory. You're connected to Putin, Putin's bad y you poll a hundred Americans, 99 will tell you Putin is evil. Which you may be. I mean, I don't, you know, I don't know. Yeah. More evil than like a lot of our allies probably not. Right? But, but whatever. I'm not defending him. He Happens to be The president of a country And they have something to say and we should report it. Yeah. But like, it's gotten to the point where that kind of linch mob mentality is so entrenched in the United States that even to suggest that someone is close to this boogeyman is enough to shut it down.


But here's what, and that's a leash. What they're doing is controlling your behavior. You are absolutely right. But even on a more pragmatic standpoint, I looked this up the other day. I said, how much money did we spend to rebuild Europe after World War ii? $140 billion in today's money. Yeah. We've spent over 200 billion in Ukraine to Destroy Ukraine. To destroy Ukraine. Right. Well, That's the difference, right? Think about that. If you ask the average American back then we spent $140 billion to rebuild Europe after the Nazis destroyed it was that okay? I think 99% of us would say, yeah, we needed to do that, and I'm glad we did it. If you went around America and you said, $200 billion of Europe tax money has been spent in Ukraine, and then you said, can you find it on a map?


What would You kill? And what could you do to Gary, Indiana and Baltimore and Detroit and Minneapolis? Like with that money in general? I think the destructive impulse is, is Satanic. And I think it really is a dualism. Either you're creating or, or you're destroying. Yeah. And if you look around and you're like, the outcome of all these different adventures is just purely destruction. I think You can say you're serving evil. I think it's, honestly, that's God creates Satan destroys, I'm sorry to like get all heavy on you, but I think it's just very basic. Yeah, right? Isn't it? Not only that, but I think it's, it, it, it's all about engagement. And I, and I keep going back to this idea that I keep having, call me crazy that my calling is sharing stories.


And I want the right to be able to share stories. And my parents told me one day when they brought me to America from a communist country, that this was a unique place where I would always be able to share any story. And I'm being told that I can't share stories. Yes. And if we don't engage with Russia, if we don't talk to Russia or any other country for that matter, even Iran or whatever other countries out there that are supposed to be the boogeymen, if we don't engage with those countries, we're creating a path which is gonna be so dangerous that we're not gonna be able to come out from it. And that's my fear. Well, I mean that, right? From a geopolitical standpoint, we're, we've really, really squandered American power to the point where we have less power than most Americans understand.


And it's really scary. I want America to be powerful. I want us to be able to project power if we need to. I want us to be able to protect our interests. I want us to stay prosperous and free. And, and we, the degree to which we've like, kind of wrecked ourselves is not obvious to people. And it makes me wanna cry when I think about it. And how is it that we can continue to convince Americans of these things that aren't true and have them buy it? Are they just too busy? Is the money too big? Is the, it's the power Of propaganda. It's, it's how, you know, the State department or your CNN former colleague calls you up. It's like, no, what the, the, okay. The people in charge are terrible at building things. They've built nothing. Our country's collapsing.


Our infrastructures garbage. Our population is dying. Okay. That's just a fact. Yeah. I grieve over that. I want this country to be prosperous, free and happy. I want people, I want my kids to get married and be able to afford houses. I want them to have my grandchildren. I mean, these are like basic desires. The people running it have no ability to do any of that, to help with any of that, to actually help the population in the United States. All they can do is destroy. And how do they pull that off without like sparking a revolution? A much needed revolution in their country. They do it through propaganda. And I have been an instrument of that throughout my life, unknowingly a prop propaganda that lies to people in a way that's so aggressive and all encompassing.


You don't know that it's dark because there's no light. You have viewed nothing to compare it to. You have no idea. Your worldview is so controlled that you have no freaking idea what reality is. You know, I was just thinking something, which is really interesting and that is comparable almost. I was thinking to myself, you had the number one show in the United States of America at the number one network, and somehow that was taken away from you. I happened to have a pretty darn good show that was seen by also tens of millions of people. But mine didn't air in the United States. It aired around the world. Both of us seemed to have that show kind of taken away from us one day.


And I think if I'm not going too far on the perch here, that it happened as a result of the same thing and was caused by probably the same people. Of course. I mean, of course I interesting. I was so grateful by the way, because I, I will always, you know, give Fox Yes. The credit. It deserves a lot of credit for being kind to me, which they always were, of not really getting in my business and of, you know, giving me all that freedom for so long. And I'm grateful to the Murdoch's family for that. But, you know, clearly foreign policy, NeoCon foreign policy is the red line. They don't care what your views on transgenderism are. Yeah.


An abortion or gun control or tax policy, all that stuff that we claim think is important. They don't think that's important. Go Ahead and do that. Right. Go ahead and do that. Yeah. Fight amongst yourselves. Yeah, exactly. You know, have a race war, you know, great. Have a have a, you know what? You used to have a race war. Oh, That's so True. No, it's totally true. Have it in a race war. And they just don't care. What they do care about is the ability to keep the money flowing. And, you know, the coffins filling, like they, they love to kill And they love, they worship money and death. And that's just a fact. And I know them. 'cause I, I'm from there. So anyway, I, I came to this very slowly just being involved in public policy debates my entire life. I realized, oh, the only thing they really care about is the foreign policy stuff.


And so I got fired and that was like totally inevitable. I knew that it was gonna happen at some point. It was a shock that morning, but like, not a shock. Big picture. And I'm, I was so grateful for it and have woken up happy every single day for two years because of that. So I'm not complaining in the No, I know. But There's a, but you're absolutely right. It's the same thing, right? That's the red line. There's so many fake red lines out there. Like, oh, you know, anyone who's like, the race stuff was like, most Americans do not hate each other because of race. Despite The best efforts of our leaders to get us to hate each other, man, they have tried so hard. And Most Americans don't want to hate Russia at All. Right? But Again, it's North Korea, But it's like, you have to, You don't even know what you don't know.


Right. And I didn't even know until, like, I'm a huge believer in like, just looking at stuff and like smelling stuff and like, what's the obvious reality? You can tell me any story you want, but let me go see it. And that's why I've traveled so much. And I, it was just so clear when I went to Moscow, like, I don't wanna move there or whatever. I'm not Russian, but like, you've been lying to me about this in a really big way. And if you've lied to me about that, what else have you been lying to me about? Anyway, whatever I, But we should, and I, and I now feel compelled, and that's one of the reasons I'm telling this story. I don't need to, It's an amazing story. I don't need to work because thank God I've done fine and you know, I'm in a good place.


But I want the opportunity to continue to help engage and tell the stories that bring us together as a people. Russia's story, the American story can be one story. We can share our stories, we can disagree, we can hate each other, we can love each other. But this whole idea that we have to be like, this is just crazy and it's gonna lead to a bad thing. Well, it's just so, And Trump's instincts are correct on this. I hope he can fulfill them. And the real battle that has, you know, it's never changed for the last 2000 years was between east and west. It's between worldviews and you have the Christian West and you've got the non-Christian East. And the truth is Russia is really part of the Christian West. And so anyone who's trying to make Russia into the main enemy of the United States is trying to divide and destroy the Christian West.


That's just a fact. Yeah. So I don't know why people don't say that. It took me a long time to figure it out, but it's just so obvious. You know? You know, and, and isn't that funny? We, you know, like Lamont, the BPC, all these people, I hear these people, my friends say, oh yeah, I don't trust American newspapers or American media. So I watched the BBC, I said, dude, it's the same damn thing. I love it. No, you need to watch maybe a little India or a little Russia. Totally. Or a little Brazil, or just get totally, if you wanna get into a perspective, you want to go to the global south countries. It's so funny. Of course Al Jazeera, I mean, just read, watch it all, read it All. Disagree with 'em, Whatever. But the funny thing is that's such like the upper middle class, half wit lady with the beach novel thing to say, I, you know, I really, I'm I, I watch the B, B, C because it's just more, It's, I don't trust C nm.


I watch the bbc, it's the same damn thing. It's like, I've heard that so many times. Really? It's the B, it's the B, B, C. It's like, oh my gosh. So true. I don't. Anyway, Rick Sanchez, it is wonderful to see you after all these years. And Thank you for your amazing story. And Thank you, Thank you. And for your resilience through, you know, many different jobs. I do respect that You just keep on fighting. Amen. Amen. Dolly Baos, thanks man. My pleasure. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it, good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bells.


So you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter. Telling the truth. Always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching time for their true life Alp story. I got a call from a friend of mine yesterday, honestly, true story, who said his girlfriend had just broken up with him over alp. He wouldn't stop. And I thought to myself, that's kind of sad. And he said, no, it's not sad. Imagine if I'd married her. Now I know I was saved. Then the next day, this same friend is driving at twice the speed limit through a major American city. Pulled over by a cop and a speed trap. Cop takes his license, registration goes back to the patrol car, runs him, comes back, looks in the window and sees a tin of ALP on the dashboard.


Pauses stunned, says to my friend, use Alp. Yeah, I do. Says my friend. So do I. Says, the cop, we all do. He looks at my friend thoughtfully and goes, drive safely, sir. And hands back his license and registration, no ticket. So in two days, he's saved from a tragic marriage to a girl who doesn't like alp and a speeding ticket. All true. It's more than a nicotine match. In an nation of 350 million people are guessing there are about 350 million ALP stories.