
You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What a price they have. My favorite brand. It's like a whole new bu Ah, I I'm saving so much. Yeah. Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals you'll love Burlington. I told you so.


Well, amazingly, we're just a few weeks from our nationwide tour going coast to coast, the Atlantic to the Pacific and back, doing live shows with big audiences, uncensorable, and bringing along very good friends of ours, our special guests. We hope to see you there. Tickets at Tucker Carlson dot com. We're hitting the road all of September. Here's our latest episode with Rob Schneider. So I, I hate to start with this, But I Yeah, I read what looked like a family tragedy playing out in the news. Your daughter going after you in Fun being a parent, isn't it? It can be hard. What, what, what Was that?


Well, I, I wanna just tell my daughter, LLI love you and I, I wish I was the, the father in my twenties that, that you needed. And clearly I wasn't. And I hope You can forgive me for my shortcomings. I love you completely. I love you entirely. And I just want you to be well and happy with you and your beautiful baby. Lucky. And I wish you The best. I I feel terrible. And I, I just want you to know that I don't take anything you say personally. I love you.


And I feel that God has gifted this moment and gifted me to be able to just tell you I love you and I accept you. And I, I apologize for any of my shortcomings that I have. I, and I wish, I wish for you that to heal and be well, and, and that you have everything that you want, including the dad that you want from me to be. I'm here. I'm here for you. I love you. Whenever you need me, I'll be there. And anything that you said I don't take personally, and if I could take away all your pain, I would gladly do it. And if I need to take the hit for you now, I'll do it and I'll do it again. Gladly. My heart is your home.


And a home is a place when you go there, they have to let you in. And I love you and I'm sorry that you're, you're having to deal with this and, but this is a great opportunity because we can talk about families. I mean, show me a perfect family out there and I'll, I'll be shocked, but families, this is, you have to ask like, is God a I mean, I'm a new Catholic. God has presented this to me and I'm going to use it. And I'm gonna say that this is when you have opportunities, like when you're being attacked or you feel, you feel like what the world is caving in on, on, like a lot of people feel now, whether it's financially, whether it's politically people, people are separating.


And especially with people that are dealing with addiction and families that are dealing with addiction. It's hard. It's really tough on the family. And it, it really is crushing. And so if we're able to discuss, discuss and talk about that and help heal people and help, they give them the opportunity to let them know that this is common and that there are roots that You can do to heal. And for people suffering and family suffering from addiction. And unfortunately it is bigger now than any time in my life. We need to have a path for healing. And part of that path is not just getting clean, but I was talking to, to my good friend Dr.


Drew Pinsky, And he said, we also, addiction people have to deal with resentment. That's a really important thing. And I'm glad this has all been brought up. 'cause resentment has to be addressed and managed to help keep the person sober. For families who are dealing with addiction. It's really important, this resentment, resentful, people use it as, as a way to justify bad behavior and any kind of behavior and, and not taking responsibility for their own actions, blaming others. And in the destructive behavior, including, including even using again.


So it's important that we heal that address that so that doesn't become this destructive thing that's part of the healing and part of really staying sober and remaining sober and, and, and getting back to a place of happiness. So, so When your daughter attacks you in public, how hard is it not to, you didn't make any excuses or blame her or attack back? Well, How hard is that? If you love somebody completely, you just, you know, I love her and all I want for her is to be happy and to heal from this. And, and I, I really feel there's anything that I can, you know, I, I apologize completely for and accept responsibility for not being the parent that I am now with my new kids.


Yes. She didn't get that. And I missed a lot. And as a parent, you are gonna pay for everything you miss. And I thought that just because I was starting my career at the time and I thought, well, I'm able to provide this, this school and this, this. How, how old were you? I was 26. Oh. So, And got divorced young About a year later. Yeah. And she's got a great mom and did a great job. Did The best job she could. But it's hard, you know, not having a a fractured home from the start is not a, is not the ideal thing. So it's difficult. And, and, and I, and I, and I get it. And I really feel, I feel like, look, I'm here now and whatever I can do for you, I'll be the father that you need me to be now.


And I, I love you and thank God that I'm here now. And, and that if there's something that you need from me, my heart, my, you know, is open. So, and it's okay though, you know, I feel like it, it's a good opportunity. It's, it's a beautiful thing when God presents you with something. You know, when God says to you, you know, here, you know, when the enemy, when the, when people like, when you have attacks in your life, you know, when you, when they say hand it over to God, they don't mean just hand some of it over. I mean, you gotta hand it over. And when you do, you will have peace. You will have peace. And there's nothing the world can do to you. When you have God.


There's nothing. They can't touch you. My most important relationship is with God. And if that's good, they can't touch me. There's nothing, my, my, you know, wonderful priest, you know, was, talk to me about this and about like, if you got a good relationship with God, then you're set. But when you hand it over, you gotta really hand it over. Okay, can you take it? They're like, okay, God, I need your help. 'cause you'll be, you'll be tested in this world. They go like, yeah. I said, I, I, 'cause I feel I'm in a good place. They said, oh yeah. Well what about if they say this? Like, I'm still, okay, what if somebody in your family says this? They what? They said, what? How do I, we all have work. Well, yeah, we have temptations to want to, to, to, to get angry, to strike back.


There's a real temptation for people. What's an overwhelming temptation? It is. But you know, our job, what we need to do as a parent is to love and accept and be tolerant and forgive. And this is the way to love. God shows us the way to love. And our job is to reflect God's love, which is everything, and tolerant and loving. And, and to just have compassion for what people are going through, especially in your family. And to know that it, it's not about me. It's about the pain that they're suffering and how can we heal it. And we're seeing a lot of that unfortunately, not just, you know, in, in my family we're seeing, we, we were seeing addiction and problems all over.


And it's not just about, particularly with drugs. And the difference is when, when we were kids, if somebody had like a, an addiction to particular narcotic or something, you know, unless it was heroin, I mean there's cocaine and speed and other stuff and crystal meth around the eighties, you had a chance to, you know, to get therapy and do something. We have families now who are dealing with a, a kind, a different kind of healing because they've lost their child. Yes. We have these porous borders now, and we have the, and talking about, you know, for the, the, the, the Democrats who want to change the voting habits of whatever and main remain power and ever in every state, it's really an ugly thing because what they're really doing is they're just bringing in death and misery because the, the people who are coming into the border are also being abused.


It, it needs to be a, I'm all for immigration. It has to be legal. But what's coming in now is causing this massive wave of drugs and it's death. And I got, and, and it's, it's everywhere now. It's every city in America. It's 65,000 people a year. It's like more than everyone who died in that 19 years of Vietnam or dying a year from this fentanyl. I was at the airport. And sometimes you meet somebody who just has so much grace that it's just, it takes your breath away. I mean, much more than I, I have, or, or could have. This woman came up to me and said, hi, I am, you know, I really appreciate what you've been saying.


And I said, oh, Thank you. And at the airport waiting for our bags. And I was just like getting a cup of coffee waiting. And this is in Phoenix where I live now. And we started talking a little bit and I was flattered by that, said, it's nice when people say something nice about you. And then I said, so how was your, where'd you come back? She said, oh, Hawaii. And I said, oh, it's beautiful. She said, yeah, but it wasn't a happy occasion. And I said, what? I said, oh, well it was spreading my, my son, my 17-year-old son's ashes. And I was like, what? She said he wasn't an addict. He wasn't, he just was a dabbler. And he didn't realize what he just thought it was.


He just thought it was cocaine and he's gone. There's no rehab, there's no getting better. No, there's no education. There's no 12 step thing you have is just, people are dead. They're gone. And this family is crushed. And, but this woman has, has such grace about her. It's like, whew. You know, thank God has to carry people at the moments like that. And it's, that's For sure. So how did, how did you respond when you saw that you were being attacked? Like what was your first Well, The First first 24 hours, well, The, you, for you, you feel hurt obviously. Yeah. And you, you, you know, you check within, but then what would you, as soon as you get out of me and get into like, well what, what is, you know, how can we do this?


First of all, I was like kind of stunned by it. Right. And they like, what, no Warning at all. No. And, and you know, then you got like, well, I love you and I want you to be, I don't wanna, I can't get into the specifics of like what she's going through now. Right. But obviously, you know, that, you know, I want it to be to be happy and, and well, and, and to heal and, and to heal means not just, you know, doing something to make yourself feel better, but to really get to some of the, the issues that you need to do and, and look and to just be like, I love you. And, and if you take yourself outta the equation and you say, hand it over to God, you have to.


'cause if you make it about me and what this like, that's right. You know, I have an adult child now, she's gonna have to figure things out and God bless her. And that she's, she's had a tremendous success with her career. And I I want her to have that, that that peace. Yes. That peace that I've found and that, that love that I've had. And I'm grateful for this situation because maybe this is what it takes for her to heal and for, for whatever, for other people to know that about this. And so that they can reach out And they can know that, to not take it personal, but go, what can I do? How can I love, how can I heal? What would God do here? How could I work through this? How could I use this as an introduction for her to get closer to God?


So maybe there's all this potential there, but there's also the potential to realize that when you are attacked and the media by anything is to know this isn't, you cannot take this in. And if, if you have, I mean there was a beautiful thing, my wife and I, Patrice, just The best thing that ever happened to me, my, that God gave me was this. We never did the rosary together in bed. And we never did the rosary together, ever. So we were in bed the, you know, the other night before I flew out here and let's do it. And we didn't, you know, even remember know, she didn't remember exactly how to do it. And I'm a new Catholic, so we're literally like going over each bead and thing, you know, hail Mary's and then our fathers and then what's this bead for?


And, and I will tell you, it was beautiful and the peace that I felt after that and the whole next day was, was really the power of prayer. And so as I hope, you know, I'm praying for my daughter and I hope that people will pray for her. So even in the midst of that, you found peace. Yeah, I did Not right away, but I did find, I mean the peace is there for you when You can, when you accept God and, and have God, you hand it over to him. You gotta really do it. And I said, God, I know there's a purpose here. There's gotta be something. And as soon as I took it out of me and look my heart, my my needs, my hurt, yeah, my injury and go, this ain't about this is, this cannot be what this is about.


This has to be how to heal something and how to maybe bring this up for other people and other families that are dealing with similar things and, and you know, some good's gonna come from it. It already has. How Did you get to this place? I mean, describe how you got here to facing, I mean, I gotta say probably a tougher moment than like a diagnosis of illness. Like having a conflict with a child is the hardest thing I would say for a parent. And yet you're at peace. So how did you get Here? Well, it's, it's a long story. It's a beautiful thing where, you know, where I, I felt close to, to Jesus Christ when I was a, a young boy and then I strayed.


But the thing about Jesus is he'll only let you go so far. And all that stuff was necessary for me to learn and come back. But he was always kind of there in the back of my, in the back there. Like he was never left. And I think through getting lost in, into the world and getting thinking about my career and this and that and, and the frustrations of it and thinking too much about what other people think about you. Yes. And like where your position is in show business and how much money you make and where you are. Are you on the A list?


Are you off list? Yeah. You making movies? It's, it's just a, it's a hamster wheel. And I think the, the more important thing is to, and what, what I think what our culture is suffering from now is this, in this social media hamster wheel we're on and their politics and our political parties are not helping the mental health of, of Americans. So there's today's understatement. Yeah. So there, if we could step back and, and find a peace more peaceful way to exist and to not live in fear. And I, I stopped being fearful about, 'cause once you do get attacked, like when the pharmaceutical, you know, industry attacked me for what I thought was just the basic humanity is believing parents who had injured children who they knew were fine up until the point where they were given some doctor recommended drug that was absolutely supposed to be safe.


And then their kid got permanently injured. I believe them. I choose to believe them and I still believe them 'cause they're The best witnesses to this incident that happened. And we're talking about vaccination and to even question it was you destroying your career. It's like questioning it. I thought we lived in the freest country in the world. Well, you're allowed to talk about politics and You can be, you know, you used to be, but, and, and You can talk about things like that. You can talk about, you know, how the United States Army spend $25,000 for a toilet, which is, you know, or a hammer. But if you talk about the underpinnings of power, if you talk about the, an industry that is the real drug cartel, we're not talking about the Mexican drug cartel.


That's just a measly $10 billion a year. If you're talking about the pharmaceutical industry, $300 billion a year. You're talking about power. You're talking about an industry. You're talking about the real drug cartel that pays for the, the biggest donors to not just federal legislature, the legislators, but state legislators. They not only, they not only control the medical establishment, they also control the medical boards that recommend things and that recommend Yes. The, the what what what Americans are mandated to get and children are.


And then when you open your eyes to it and you realize that something that was astounding to me that Robert Kennedy talks about, and he's one of the few who has the courage to talk about it, and Thank you for letting him talk about this on your, on your show, that 54% of American kids now suffer from chronic illnesses for diseases unheard of just a few short decades ago. And 12% of those neurological damage, the fact neurological damage. I'm talking about brain damage including autism and all this other A DHD and all these things which were unheard of when we were kids. It's the fact that that is not the biggest story every day in the news is the fact that that, that the, the media is, is bought and paid for by pharma.


And it is, I mean it's upwards of 75, 80% of all ads in nonpolitical years for all ads on all of television, on all radio and all internet is drug ads. And there's only two countries that allow that. The United States and New Zealand. Because people realize you can't have this because it's going to make us, make people dependent and go, I want that drug. And my family works in medicine with the Lapid Lapid Filipinos. So of course they're in nursing and doctors in New Jersey. And I said, why? I talked to my, my my cousin Renee Lapid who's passed away now. But I said, how, why are they, why is the average senior on 12 different drugs? Why is my dad on 12 drugs?


And he said, well there's no database that keeps track of all these drugs. And if they go to get a drug that they see on TV from one doctor and the doctor says no, they just go to another doctor And they just, they just give it. And so, and there's so much money to be made off it that we we're dealing with a sick population that, and that needs to be, that needs to be rectified. We need to get people healthy, mentally healthy, physically healthy in this country. We are not going to have a country, we cannot afford to pay 17.5% of our GDP on health five times more than they pay in Europe. And we're not getting better results over here. No. So if we don't get a handle on that, forget about everything else.


You forget about your Democrat po Republican conservative, you know your issues. You forget about the, you know, which state is has abortion rights and which state doesn't. If we don't get a handle on this, everything goes yes everything. So that, that's something we need to talk about and we need to address. And we can't just put a bandaid on it.


Alright, Consider doing this. Imagine going to your computer, looking at your entire browsing history on the web. Everything you've looked at. Now imagine hitting print and then signing your full name at the bottom maybe with your social security number, printing out that browsing history with your name on it and nailing it to the front door of say your house for everybody in the world to see. Maybe that'd be fine, maybe not. And while you're at it, actually take a copy of that same list of everything you've looked at on the internet and post it in the break room at work. And then In fact, go farther than that. Blow that up and put it on a billboard over a major highway on your commute to work. Here's everything I've been looking at on the internet. Would you wanna do that? You don't have to be a creep to think, maybe that's not something I'd want to do. But in effect, that's what you're already doing every single day. Unless you already use the sponsor of this video Express VPN, you are allowing all of your online activity to become public. Why? Because internet service providers can see every website you have ever visited. Yes. Even if you're in incognito or private browsing mode, that doesn't really work. And in the United States, your internet service provider can then sell your data to whomever they please, including the government. And they do by the way. So what can you do about that? Well, You can do what people in our office do, particularly when we're abroad, but also when we're here. And that's encrypt your on online activity before it even reaches the internet service provider. So no one can see it. It's private privacy is a prerequisite for freedom. So keep it close. We use Express VPN to do that. That's our internet provider. Our internet provider cannot see what we're doing on the internet because we use ExpressVPN. They can't record it, they can't share it, they can't sell our browsing history because they never have it to begin with. Why don't they have it to begin with? Because ExpressVPN reroutes our online activity through secure servers and changes our IP address and makes you more anonymous to apps and website trying to track us. It'll do the same for you. What we like about it is it's so easy to use, even if you're not a tech genius. You tap one button on whatever device you're using, whether it's your phone, your laptop, your tablet, your desktop, and you know that your privacy is secure. Once again, privacy is a prerequisite for freedom. You can't be free unless you have privacy. And if you wanna start reclaiming your privacy, do yourself a favor and use our special link. To get three months of ExpressVPN for free, just go to ExpressVPN slash Tucker. That's express EX P-R-E-S-S vpn.com/ Tucker.


Still getting around to that fix on your car. You got this on eBay. You'll find millions of parts guaranteed to fit. Doesn't matter if it's a major engine repair or your first time swapping your windshield wipers. eBay has that part you need ready to click perfectly into place for changes, big and small, loud or quiet. Find all the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. But you already know that eBay things people love eligible items Only exclusion Supply. I'm ready for my life to Change. A, B, C, Sundays American Idol is all new. Give it your all. Good luck. Come up the golden ticket. Let's hear it. This is man's work.


I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins Hollywood, Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Richie, Luke Bryan and Ryan RET on American Idol New Sundays eight seven Central on A, B, C and stream on Hulu. So what happened during, so you attempted to talk about it? Yeah, I think you're informed on the subject and you're sincere. You're not getting paid to talk about it. No, I am. I just, I went to a place 'cause they were, these parents came, you know, asked me.


I just, because I was curious about, I'm curious, I'm a medical nerd. I'm, I'm obviously a college draw, junior college dropout. But I was always fascinated by it. And my cousins were kind enough to talk to me about medicine whenever I had asked questions. And I was kind of a nerd about it. And when it came time for me to have a baby, you know, a, a dozen years ago, I wanted to know about this particular thing that was recommended as everyone said it was safe. And I just remember being with this one director whose wife was a TV doctor, one of those TV doctors as director. We were gonna make a movie together And they just had a beautiful new baby.


And I said, well what shots did you give the baby? She said, none. And I said, what? She said, yeah, they're too small to absorb those toxins right now. They don't have a, an immune system. They have an external immune system. Their brother's, their mother's breast milk. Yes. And I said, well, why do you tell, why do you tell other people to get it? And he said, well, that's up to them. So I never forgot that because it wasn't, That's up to them Because it wasn't up to them. 'cause you had to, you couldn't to go to school. When I, when we went to school, it's like three shots now. It's, it's staggering. It's 72 different doses of 16 different vaccines before the age of six. And we're wondering why is there, and people go, ah, I can't have anything to do with it.


I can't have anything to do with it. Are you nuts? So I, by the way, I should say for the record, I I think YouTube will censor this. No, No, they will, They'll do demo monetize it just for having this conversation. Well you might, you might have to put this out there with this part cut out. No, no. We'll, we'll just, we'll just bleep it. But it's, it's crazy that of all the things You can say, You can't talk about this On YouTube. I mean you could say, you know, are government's illegitimate? Someone should overthrow it or you know, I'm in favor of transgender nuns. Or You can say whatever you want, but You can not use the V word. No, you can't. And it's interesting though, because they're so powerful. I remember talking to my friend who's one of the par, one of the parents advisory group who was involved in the 1986 negotiating with the Reagan administration for the National Childhood Vaccine Act, which congress ruled vaccines are unavoidably, unsafe.


And You can look that up. And so if there was going to be, if you're going to mandate something, there's never been a drug as a a hundred percent safe a hundred percent of the time for a hundred percent of the people. Of course not either. If you and vaccines are drugs, either you have, either you have AdChoices for your own body autonomy, your own freedom of choice. When there's risks to take risks or if you don't have that freedom to avoid risks, then you don't have, then you have tyranny, then You're a slave, then you're a slave. Someone owns your body and can make you hurt Yourself. Yeah. And then somebody could shut down that same group can shut down the world. And they did. So what happened when you made these points, which I think any rational person, even people who disagree with you say those are reasonable points.


I mean, maybe I've got, you know, evidence that shows you're wrong. Here it is. But those are not, you're not making crazy points. Well then We'll discuss. We're supposed to be the idea. And what happened during Covid was the idea was like you're supposed to discuss things in a free society and debate and then take the, take The best of those ideas. Exactly. And let's see which ones are evidence-based. Exactly. Use the evidence. What happened was we were taking people like Dr. Aria and Peter McCullough and, and you know, we say, well this is evidence here, Dr. Corey. And well, this is evidence. Well yeah, but you're not allowed to use that evidence. That evidence. No. And so instead of saying the Drug companies don't wanna see that evidence, Instead of adjusting the, instead of adjusting the the what should happen, because based on evidence, what they did was they just denounced people who brought the evidence and said, well those people, let's demonize them, let's denounce them or whatever.


And so when I first brought this up, I was like, you know, I did a commercial with Aaron Rogers who coincidentally for State Farm, who coincidentally became vaccine hesitant himself and rightfully so realizing that What a, what a good guy he Is. He's a great guy. Yeah. But realizing the human immune system, this is before he knew any of this. So he cleared himself. He had nothing, he never talked to me about this after. But we did a commercial for State Farm and, And he hasn't done any since, since he's been vaccine hesitant. But the human immune system, which has been proved true, is like you can't trust the human immune system that's been working for millions for hundreds of thousands of years. Why would you do that when You can take this drug that we just made yesterday at warp speed?


You know, so it just kind of a weird logic. So I, I came out and then, so I got attacked by the goons and be, you know, this is 10 years ago when like a few people can can attack, you know, a company like State Farm and say this is dangerous, blah, blah, blah. You know, and then, then they could think it's a lot of people. And then they took a, you know, so I got slammed and the, the media is this anti-vaxxer, which is a very interesting term, anti-vaxxer. You can complain about the, you know, the, the, the Boeing 7 37 max airplane out because it is dangerous. We did have an engine fall out, a piece did fall out. You can say, you know what, there's a problem with these, these problems. Nobody says these is an anti planer. This guy over here, anti airplane, we talking about it's an airplane. You don't talk bad about an airplane.


But if you, if you question any of the 72 different doses of 16 vaccines before the age of six, then you're an anti-vaxxer. So anti-vaxxer, that's an interesting term. Also, like I say this in my stand back, they said, you know, if, if a woman doesn't want to have sex with you, that doesn't make her auntie dick. She's just auntie your dick. She may be open to a lot of other, you know, members. But yours specifically, she doesn't, it doesn't make her auntie all, so you make these, and by the way it do, it doesn't make her a bad person. I and it doesn't make her a bad person. Exactly. So, so we went from, so, but anyway, the attack happens and then you, when you survive an attack, that's the most interesting part because anybody can get attacked.


It's like, do you cow, do you buckle under or do you just go, you know, I'm still here. I've survived. Now what? And now, and I'm one of those guys who as a little person, and I, you know, they say on the internet is like five three. I'm just five five by the way. I dunno why that matters. Only my, my wife says only men care about that stuff. You never hear a woman say, I'm five, six and a half. They never say that. But man, your egos you got I'm five, four and the half, who cares about the half? You know? But I'm one of those guys who like, when you're little, you gotta defend yourself. Oh yeah. I remember like fighting a super nice guy. He's a pilot now. Bob Mcpe and I got, And he was like six three great guy lives in Florida, love, lovely guy.


He lives in a neighbor. We're friends. But we got into a fight and I go like, okay, as kids, as kids we're like, you know, like, you know, junior high and you know, we're gonna fight. And I'm looking and going like, this guy's gonna clean my clock. The only way I'm gonna get outta this is if I just get him in the nose, just whack 'em. And I just so just wait for it. Wait for it, wait for it. And it's, you know, lot of guys fighting. It's like this, you know, big. They think the bigger the swing the better. But the, the guys who know about fighting, especially Filipinos who changed fighting, we can talk about that. It's, it's, it's all in the shoulder. It's just right here. And it's, it's the short one that that's got and use the hip and you turn and then, so I just, I waited and I go pop and it was like, that was it. Fight over. And it's oof, I got outta that one.


So, but you have to defend yourself. And so I just felt like when you survive and you get a little, you go, I gotta be crafty about this, but I'm not gonna bow to this pressure and I never have and I've never apologized or rebutted it because I'm right about it. And then, then, and I'm gonna continue to believe these people because the health of American children is more important than my me making deuce Bigelow four. You know, so I don't, you know, whatever. But we are gonna, we have to continue to fight to get Americans healthy, mentally healthy, physically healthy. Yes. And get them off these drugs and, and, and to also have, have awareness for all our people about how they can learn to get healthy. 'cause if you go off the food pyramid, you're gonna be fat, obese, you're gonna have diabetes.


My dad had diabetes, which is what I'm concerned about my children. And, and you know, and I'm, you know, that was one of the, the things that my daughter, but em's gonna cure diabetes for all time. Right. Well that is a dangerous drug that we don't even understand the full implications of what that drug's gonna do. And I've just heard, you know, I was just talking to Dr. Dr. Pinsky about that just the other night. That's a dangerous drug. Get off that drug. There's, there's never a such a thing as a, as a, as an easy cheat You can get off. I would just tell Americans get off sugar and things that turn into sugar grains and get off processed oils, seed oils, anything.


It's sunflower, sunflower oil, all that seed oil you gotta get rid of. 'cause it's toxic, it's rancid and it will make you sick. And it causes diseases. And if you look specifically since the processed foods and the only reason they put it in is so it doesn't rot on the shelf. When you have something that doesn't rot and go bad, it doesn't grow mold. If mold says, I don't want any of that, well then don't put it in your body fair. And it's seed palm oil, all this stuff. It's not real food. It's just to keep it on the shelf for a little bit. So, so it doesn't rot. So that all that stuff, we gotta start learning that. That's what's interesting is like, you know, the, the, the, the liberals are, are attacking what they can attack. Like the, the problem with like, with vaccines.


And that the problem with is they think they could do something so that they do it. And it's the same thing with like choosing a particular gas. Like, you know, we could choosing CO2, that's the problem. That's what's causing the warming of the planet. Not the fact that we're, you know, there's a giant fireball that we're circling around, but it's, it's the gas, it's you cooking and, and and gardening. That's what's causing it. And cows farting. So it's, it's so, it, it's a, it's a lunacy, but going back, just 'cause you think you could do something doesn't mean you should do it. Like, you know, the scarlet Fever killed more people than smallpox. Hmm. And tuberculosis. But you don't see a scarlet fever.


There's no scarlet fever VA vaccine and you don't see it rampant around the world. And tuberculosis, nobody takes a tuberculosis vaccine, but you don't see it rampant around. So they're doing these other ones. 'cause they can do something like the, the measles and this is all, You can all look it up and it's in my book, You Can Do It Speak Your Mind America that thankless, I mean obvious plug is that just because You can do something doesn't mean you should. So, because they could do something like they put in the measles vaccine in 1961 and by that time it, you know, all of the deaths from measles had disappeared.


They just literally, there was none by the 61. And yet they put this in because what really, and You can go to the CDC to look it up, what made the difference with human health, what changed was the fact that people weren't living in squalor. Right. Toilets, sanitation. So what happened was all the success of, of sanitation, which in increased people's life, expectancies made people healthy. That is what saved society and cleaned up society. Literally toilets, right. Sanitation, clean drinking water and nutrition. But vaccine mythology, vaccines piggybacked on the success of that. And that's why we're dealing with this now. Yeah, no it's, It's interesting 'cause the big killers, cholera, bubonic, plague are really diseases of squalor.


Well, people were living in the 19th century, in early 20th century, there were literally, they didn't have a clean water source. There literally was like animals defecating and in the same places as their water source. I mean, don't, Or people defecating And people, yeah. So it was all going, I remember there was, you know, Anders, who's, you know, the, the writer of, co-writer of, of Mark's, his father was an industrialist And he was in 1857 and Manchester, England, he was walking around And he described the people there as white ghosts. Even the, even the common cold he's, he knew would wipe these people out. So that is, is an important, you know, getting that sanitation and clean drinking water and and cleaning things up is what, what really made a difference.


So you sort of waved wag, I beg your pardon my question because You don't wanna talk about yourself, but the but the effect of saying what you did Yeah. Was about health. Like what was like did that affect your It did affect my work job prospect. Absolutely. Your Work. Yeah. I mean, I got a call from a friend of mine who's a CEO of a Fortune 500 company. I don't have a lot of those by the way, you know, but he called me and I was in Boston and I just got off and it was the big whole state farm affair that happened. And I just got off stage and I was kind of still shaken by the thing. 'cause I'd never been like attacked like, by like every newspaper and all this stuff. And the internet was new, like, yeah. And you know, I was still a working actor at the time, making, making movies and stuff.


My friend called me And he said, listen, you're really famous now. You're just a nuisance right now. But if you hurt them, if you cost them money, you will never work again. And these companies will sue, not just you, they'll sue these other places to make sure that you never work again. And I said, Damn. But I said, but I'm right about this. And he says, he said, somebody's gotta stand up. He said, you have, And he said this to me, you have a daughter, is it fair that she has to do this fight too? And I was like, whoa. That took me out of my knees. That's Very heavy.


It is. It was, was This, just to clarify, was this, was this a friend offering you constructive advice or was this someone threatening you? Or both? Maybe It was a really good friend who was giving me advice that he thought, and obviously somebody had talked to him and or, or he just knew enough to know that this is what's happening because that's the world that he travels in. He's a really good guy and, and a dear friend. And I think he was trying to just help me from of, of what he knew could happen. Yes. You wanna continue? I like to continue my habit. I have a, i I have an addiction of keeping, wanting to keep my family eating and sleeping indoors in private school.


And like nice, you know, I have, you know, a car with the, you know, charger in my house. I like to keep that. I like to keep having, you know, going out and eating, yeah. Couple nights a week and, and maybe traveling once a year with the kids, you know, in the front of the plane. I have my habits that I wanna continue. And, but at the same time I said, you have to be, and I would just tell other people, you have to be smart about this and, and, and questioning things and that we have to stand up because to not stand up and speak, it's dangerous to stand up and speak and it's gonna cost you money. It's going to cost you money if you stand up and Speak Your Mind if you stand up. But when you knowingly go along with something that, that you know is false, that's gonna cost you more.


And that's something in our society, we have to go by evidence. We have to, we have to just confront these lies. We can't continue or we're gonna have a nation lies. And I have people that call me. I have a, you know. Yeah. Thank you for saying that. I think everything you said was, is true and important to say Thank you.


Well, Among the things you really can't live without are antibiotics. They are lifesaving. Get an infection. You need antibiotics or you could die. But one of the things a lot of us have learned over the last few years is that most of our antibiotics come from outside the country. So that means to stay alive. Many of us are depending on a supply chain from China. So if you're in a family or people around you, you care about, just remember that supply chain from China could be the thing keeping them alive. What if something went wrong with the supply chain from China? Well, we don't have to imagine that. We just saw that during covid, the lunacy of covid foreign supply chains collapsed in some cases leaving American consumers without products. They needed products as simple as toilet paper, machine parts, and potentially antibiotics. So this is something we're thinking about. You're not crazy, you're not some radical prepper to want to have a steady supply of life-saving medicine in case something went wrong. We spent a lot of time thinking about this because you need to, You need an emergency supply of course, of water, food, everyone knows that. But also medication. And here's the part You can do right now. There's a company that can do this for you. It's called Jace Medical. You can get a jce case from Jace Medical. Super simple. It's a pack of essential antibiotics to treat a long list of bacterial illnesses, including UTIs, respiratory infections, skin infections, a lot of other common potentially pretty serious medical conditions that could threaten you and your family. If there's ever a supply chain problem, it's worth having that stuff at home. And it's not crazy expensive. In fact, fact, it's fast and it's simple. You go to Jace Medical, JASE medical.com, fill out a form that gets reviewed by a board certified physician. And your medications get dispensed by a licensed pharmacy at a fraction of the regular cost. So it's actually cheaper than normal. And if you want it even cheaper, use the promo code Tucker at checkout for an extra discount. So get prepared not just for an emergency, but for the future. Jace Medical dot com promo code Tucker


Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms proving difficult to manage. Taya guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year, many patients taking TM via achieved clinical remission and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. TREM via is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis, serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor if you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or if you need a vaccine, ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms, call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit tremfya radio.com.


I can say to my new Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra, Hey, find a keto friendly restaurant nearby and text it to Beth and Steve and it does without me lifting a finger so I can get in more squats anywhere I can. 1, 2, 3. Will that be cash or credit? Credit? Four Galaxy S 25 Ultra. The AI companion that does the heavy lifting so You can do you get yours@samsung.com compatible. Select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check responses for accuracy.


I I have a, this young actor who's, who's a son of a very famous academy award winning actor who called me and said, I wish I could say what you say because I agree with, I agree with you, I agree with everything you're saying. I wish I could say it. And I said, he said, I I want to say it sometimes. And I said, you know, be careful. Yeah. He said, you have to be judicious about it. And he says, he said, I'm worried about losing work. And here's the thing. 'cause the, I forget which one. The, there was a, a survey that was done by my, my great friend, the Andrew Doyle talks about it in his book was survey done by the, I forget the, the group, but they said, two thirds of Americans are afraid to speak their mind two thirds because they might cause offense.


And another third are worried that it might affect their job opportunities. So this, this is a real thing. We can't continue as a society if everybody's so afraid. That was what Alexander De Tocqueville admired most about America when he came here was was the Frenchman seeing like people speak their mind here. Yeah. That is a unique thing. That is even the, the idea of freedom of speech is there's not an accident that that was put first before guns. They know that the, you wanna really protect society and your best weapon against tyranny to be able to Speak Your Mind, to be able to speak freely without reproach and recrimination from your government. That isn't to say there are not consequences for it, but the consequences of not speaking are gonna be much, much higher.


So this y young person was telling me, you know, I wanna speak my mind and I I want to, I want to talk about it, but I'm afraid about losing work. And I said, you sh I said, just be judicious. Talk about it in your life, but it will affect your work if you do. Yeah. Some people need to stand up. But I said, did it affect Yours? Absolutely. A hundred percent. So your friend was right. My friend was right. He was right. But I I want to say that you with that, to that young actor, I said, look, You can talk to the makeup person. You can talk to the driver. Yeah. They'll always agree with you. I've noticed through long experience, People who work for a living, they know this is all bullshit. Yes, yes they do. You can talk to your driver, talk to your Uber driver, talk to the makeup person, talk to the boom man between shots.


Exactly. But don't talk to the producer. Don't talk to the director, don't talk to the studio executive. 'cause they're all captured. They're stuck in an ideological, you know, woke mind virus and they're not gonna get out of it. 'cause it could affect their work because they don't operate like an actor operates. I just wanna get hired. I just wanna get work. And every actor just wants to get hired. But they, they, they operate from a different perspective. The executives at studios in Hollywood, they offer, they know they're gonna get fired. They know it, it's just a matter of time. But they operate not what's The best movie? What what can I do that that is, is meaningful to me. They don't operate the way when they make decisions to make projects. They offer, they, they operate like, what will delay my inevitable firing the longest?


How do I keep this beach house? How do I keep traveling on weekends? I, how do I keep dating these beautiful girls who are only dating me because I'm an executive? So that's the, that's the crux of that Is so, I, I hope people watching this know how true, what you just said is, it's so True. And it's not just the entertainment. I'm sure it's everywhere. People's like, they just worried I gotta ride this out as long as I can. But it, yeah, it did affect me, but it freed me. And you know what that's like, it does, it liberates you when you no longer feel a slave to the system. Yeah. When they don't own you, you are free. I mean, you're gonna have to figure out how to make a living elsewhere. But like I said to myself, and that's why like I love Chris Rock. Chris Rock was, was like, sometimes you have a friend who like, and you know, we were did grownups together.


We were together every day. And I just watched him in his mind And he iss a, he changed standup comedy and he's the one to talk me And he doing standup again. 'cause Adam Sandler, he's, he loves me And he won and I listened to what he says, but he wasn't doing standup at that time. But Chris Rock was, And he was The best at it. He changed modern standup to what it is now. He was a real influence on the, you know, that we built on. And he talked me into doing it again. And I was like, wow, that changed me. And I said, they can take away the movies, they can take away doing a TV show, but they can't stop me. I always said this to myself. They can't stop me from performing with a bunch of other malcontents in a darkened drinking establishment.


You know, they want to come see me. They can't take that away. And you know what Tucker, they did, they did take it away in Covid. They took it away. I didn't even perform. And then they said, you know, you could perform. And I would go to every state that was still open. I did 14 shows for whatever capacity that they would do during Covid in the one place that was open in Nashville at that time. 'cause they said 50% capacity said I'll just keep doing shows as long as people come. And I did 14, I have the record for, for shows there for half Sold Out show for, I sold out every show with a half capacity. And, and so people didn't wanna come anymore. I did 14, I stayed for a week. I could have stayed longer. There was a week was long enough. I didn't mean to sound like Trump. It was the greatest show I could've stayed for three years. The greatest show with there been this amazing show at the shows were disasters at.


But what was really interesting was people, especially for conservatives, they felt like, well here's a guy who agrees with me. And I don't see it on tv, I don't hear that. I don't hear other comedians. It's like, 'cause it's, it's a fearful thing. You know what? That you're not gonna get on tv. You don't see me on late night tv. You don't see me going on Colbert talking about any of this stuff. You know? And, and that's okay. But so people, I created an audience for me. I didn't have one show that wasn't sold out last year. I row Roanoke. I dunno what happened there. But, but anyway, it's a tough town. It's a tough town. I gotta tell you, I dunno what's happening that weekend. Maybe there's a festival or something. But, but people want to hear another opposing point of view.


Yeah. They wanna hear something they can relate to. It's like, Thank you. I did this thing about, you know, you talked about United Airlines, you know, hiring, hiring, you know, we don't want these white pilots. Yeah, I don't white I don't care what it is. Yeah. I just want, I want somebody who's the, the highest likelihood The Best pilot Yeah. Of, Of, of us landing this thing. This is a a we're in a, we're in a tin can at 37,000 feet. I want the guy, I I'm, I'm sorry if this, if you're ideological your ideological problems or your, what your ideological vision is, but mine is landing safely. And so I did a thing about that and, and you know, I cannot fly without a pilot coming outing. Thank you. Thank you.


You know, so it's so, but there's an audience for it And they want to hear it. So it's a pleasure. So you, You felt no bitterness? Yeah, I did. I definitely felt like, man, that was rough. Did you ever, did you take your friend's advice seriously when he gave it to you? Yeah, no, I, I realize that like, if I'm gonna continue to, if I'm gonna continue to make a living in this business, I'm gonna have to be very judicious about it and be careful and take care of my family.


'cause also, 'cause my wife didn't understand, my wife didn't understand. It's like, you know, my wife's from Mexico, which is tougher than the United States. Yeah. You know, and that mean hardworking people. Thank God for Mexicans. You're gonna come, you wanna people that wanna work and they'll work hard and, and you want, and I want, you know, legal immigration. These people are lovely, hardworking people. And she didn't understand. It's like, why would you, why would you wanna risk things for this? And, and the most beautiful thing, and I talked to Robert Kennedy about this, and my wife, when she said to me, she came to me, I was literally in the bathtub and she came to me, she said, I didn't understand why you would do this, why you would risk your career and income and our, and our family by speaking up about this issue.


Because I always thought, as long as you protect them inside the house, they're protected. And then we got this, and then, you know, let the world take care of itself. But now I realize that you have to also protect the kids outside the home. And she sees the encroachment of this, this woke mind virus and the fact that, you know, all of a sudden there's a real attack on women in our society that I didn't, nobody saw that coming. And for her to recognize that, and I mean it was really a, a really beautiful special thing that I experienced.


And Bobby Kennedy related to that, Do you think that she was proud of you, your wife? Not before that, No. I mean, so she comes to you and says, which I, I think is pretty common. She says, look, I, I get, you've got these opinions, but you also have a family to feed. What are you doing? Yeah. And you explain to her that there's something bigger at stake. And What is that? How can you think about what a, I mean, there's a beautiful expression and we all have to be careful about this too. And it is a Mexican expression. And I, I'm, I, I, I'm, I've been doing Duolingo for like, you have a, for two years. And I still, I'm just, I'm just nervous about learning. I've always had that, but, and that's my excuse.


There's a beautiful expression in Mexico, which is the light of the world is the darkness of the house. So be careful about, how about just going out there and trying to heal the world and do all these things, and then your house is dark. You have to take care of the house first. That's right. I strongly agree with that. You have to make sure everything's okay in there, and that you're protecting and taking care of your kids. And that they know that they're loved, they know who their father is and that they feel safe and that they feel loved, and that they're embraced And they're being raised with a, with a faith in God, and that they know their country is a good country, and that they know that they have a, that their future is, is secure.


And that's something that's tougher and it's encroaching on every aspect of it. And so, you know, while I've been blessed and that, that, that People, you know, find what I have to say, some of them interesting and hopefully funny, I've been able to continue to take care of my family, but, and, and, and to give the kids, you know, all my children The best education I can get. And I went to public school and I, I didn't think there was anything wrong with it, becausecause. I didn't have anything to compare it to. But I will say that like, and you could put your kids, if you're lucky enough to have the opportunity to put your kids to The best schools You can. But the majority of our country's being educated in public school.


And we have to, we have to make sure that that education for the majority of these people is, is good. And that they're learning something that's useful. And they're being taught to be critical thinkers, to be thought to be useful, you know, for themselves and for society. That they can come up and, and make decisions and not just crank out what's happening now at the university level in academia, which is just, they're just not cranking out. They're not making or helping people think critically. No, these young people, no. They're cranking out advocates for a particular partisan ideology and that's it. And so this has been going on for a long time, and we're late to the party to try to fix this.


The ideology, which James Lindsay talks about has been infiltrated into our society. And they started, they knew, the Marxists knew that, oh, well the revolution's not gonna happen with the worker. Like, ah, well why? Because capitalism works. If you work your ass off for the people here, they work their ass off. Your life's gonna get better. The workers actually hate revolution more than anything. I've noticed, too. It interrupts their lifestyle. The weekend. Exactly. Well,


Here's a secret that can get 50% cut right off your phone bill every month, which for a lot of Americans is a big savings. Here's the secret. Verizon, at and t and T-Mobile want you to believe that you need something called unlimited data. Unlimited data. But the fact is that most people don't need unlimited data and nobody should be forced to pay for it. It's really expensive. That's where Pure Talk comes in. Pure talk only charges you for the data you want. How's that for an idea? So talk text and five gigs of data is just 25 bucks per month. How much is five gigs of data? Well, You can browse the internet for 135 hours. You can stream a thousand songs. You can watch 10 hours of video. So you're probably overpaying for what you use. You don't have to anymore Switch to Pure Talk. In America's Most Dependable 5G Network for just $25 a month. And You can feel good about it. 'cause Pure Talk is proudly veteran led and supports American Jobs. Their whole customer service team is here in the United States of America where you live, there's no offshoring. The average family saves almost a thousand dollars a year by switching to Pure Talk. There's no contract, no cancellation fees. There's a 30 day money day back guarantee. It makes switching wireless companies easy. So go to pure talk.com/ Tucker and you save an additional 50% off your very first month. That's pure talk.com/ Tucker to switch your cell phone service to a company You can be proud and happy to do business with.


Your data is like gold to hackers. They're selling your passwords, bank details, and private messages. McAfee helps stop them. Secure VPN keeps your online activity private AI powered tech scam detector spots, phishing attempts instantly. And with award-winning antivirus, you get top tier hacker protection. Plus you'll get up to $2 million in identity theft coverage, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com. Cancel any time terms apply,


you Ready for your next adventure. Kale and Royal Dutch Airlines brings you real deal days. Your chance to uncover real adventures and create real memories. Taste the real Amsterdam, explore the real Barcelona and discover the real Johannesburg along with many more destinations around the world. Secure your real deal today and seize the moment with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines restrictions apply. See terms and conditions at KL Ando.


But so they did it through education. They did it through people who had grievances. They did it through small angry groups. And they, they, they, as you know, they, they got into the educational system And they, they infiltrated it. And by the 1970s, let's get to K through 12, and then let's move on through to the university in academia. By the late 1970s, they have infiltrated it. And so you have this ideology now, and this, whether you wanna call it Marxist or, or, or what, you know, this woke terminology, which is just Trojan Horse terms like social justice. It would be against social justice. I'm from social justice. But when you realize that's a Trojan horse term, and you go in and it's not social justice, it's racism, it's just That's right. The same crap the progressives were doing a hundred years ago, inversed.


Exactly. So you have like these, these same progressives who were like 120 years ago, the eugenics talking about these people are inferior. We shouldn't, you know, we gotta kill 'em. Yeah, we gotta kill 'em. We gotta not let them breed. And then you realize like, well, these are inferior People, you know, these people of color are inferior. And these people, you know, this is nine, you know, this is eugenics, this know science back 110 years ago. And, and, and this, you know, but we, with the Nazi Germany, you saw what the apex of, of eugenics was, was mass murder. Hun. The, the Nazis killed hundreds of thousands of children and sick adults in hospitals.


Hundreds of th I think 300, over 300,000. And, and, and by the Way, that's the one crime, you know, we spend a lot of time talking about the crimes of the Nazis, which is fine, but that's the one crime no one mentions. Oh yeah, well, Anymore. It as a matter of fact. 'cause They're for it. That's why. Well, it's what you're having now is the same racism, but it's inverse. So you're taking these people who, and they're like, well, it, these people are automatically victims just because of the color of their skin. These are, they're victims now and they're oppressed by these people. So it's just an, it's just a, it's easy to see what it really is as it's just another way to just attack and use the same Marxist Maoist thing where these are the people are the goods, these are the bads. Exactly.


We're gonna have utopias, which just these people aren't, they're the ones stopping it. And all you have to do is give up your guns and your rights, and then we're gonna have it. And then well then what's, why don't we have, we'll, those people, well, let's get those people. And so it's, it's, you know, James Lindsay really helped educate me and a lot of others in his new discourses about what this really is. And it's important for people to get educated and the people to realize so that they can identify it in their life, in their daily life at work. Don't apologize if people want, if if you're saying something that's, don't apologize for it. No apologies. I don't apologize for my jokes no matter what. These are jokes. People get over it. It's funny, like in a horror film, you have like a slasher And they go like, they some slasher movie.


Nobody comes out after horror film movie. I did not, I did not approve of those slashings and those murders. I, this is horrible about, no, nobody ever complains about a standup, a guy talking And they go like, I don't agree with that. That's, you know, homophobic, transphobic, and that's, you know, sex. You know, so it's a, you're held to a different standard. I don't understand why. Wait, So I not a very good interviewer. Sometimes You said a minute ago that you were a Christian as a young man. Yeah. Then you go into the enter. How old were you when you went into the entertainment business? Gosh, I was just trying to avoid a normal job, you know? 'cause I didn't like them. Yeah. I Get it. And at the most fun thing ever was telling jokes with your friends.


Yep. And then I saw when I was 11, my dad took me to see George Carlin. My, you know, by the way, remember when kids did, parents, they watch whatever you want. They didn't say, of course they took you to the movies. Of course it was too expensive to get a babysitter. So my, my parents took me to see Planet of the Apes when I was five, you know, 2001, A Space Odyssey. They didn't ask you, was that okay? Was that too much? You know, now, like my, my wife's like, it's not P 13. They, they're not saying it's P 13, they're not gonna watch any of your movies. My wife still has never let me see any movie. They've never let my kids see any movie I've ever made except daddy daughter trip. So, so, but, And so that was, you know how, how I, I Wait, your wife doesn't watch your kids. She won't let my kids see gr you know, See your movies.


Well, she didn't wanna see Deuce Bigelow as a man who, or, or like the hot chick. It's, they'll see it when they're 13. So, So you go into the Entertainment business, I go in and I, so I got into it. I saw George Carlin. It was the funniest thing I'd ever seen. And then when I was 14, I saw, or 15, I saw Steve Martin perform in front of 2000 people. And back then I was starting to put it together. Like, 'cause you know, TV and movies, they're not real. It's like those are, people aren't real, you know, it's like that guy, it is not real. He is a movie star, has a, I don't realize, you know, he doesn't go to the bathroom. That guy is. And so when I saw Steve Martin in person who just, who also changed comedy, he's the first guy to do stadiums, this guy. And it was so funny, and I was laughing, but I saw him as a human being in the same room as me.


And I said, well, he did it. He figured it out. He was able to figure out how to be a performer. Maybe I could. And that was it. And I started, then I told my dad, who, my dad, Marvin, who was a, who was a lovely man who loved comedy, And he had comedy albums, so that I grew up with that. And I said, dad, you know, on Monday nights they let anybody go up and perform at this one club. And he'd go, what is it? He said, that's the Holy City Zoo in San Francisco. And they let anybody go up on Mondays. I said, it's Monday. He said, let's go. So I went, he took me that night and that was it. You know, and you Performed. Yeah. And it was really awkward. It's like seeing those, you know, drunk people in dark bars that were still smoking heavily at the time. They don't wanna see a kid up on stage.


It's like, eh, reminding them of what they're ignoring at home. But you Did in front of your dad. Yeah. What that takes some, some Brass. He was great. You're great. You're funny, you guys. This is great. Yeah. You're terrific. You're funny. And he, where was he From? He was from San Francisco. His parents were East European Jews from, his grandfather was from Tarnopol. I mean, his father was from Tarnopol who came over. And it's one of those things, when they came over, they, they thought they'd save money somehow if they lie about the age. So he, you know, they put the different age there. They saved Money by lying about their Age. Yeah. And he is only, you know, he is, he, he's 15, but he's, he's eight. He's not nine, he's eight. I don't know why they did, but so he found out when he is older, he said, I'm really a year older. What happened, you know, so, and then my grandmother, Molly, Molly Hoffman, she came from Ukraine And they came over And they worked, they worked hard.


He had, my grandfather had a, had a barbershop on right next to the Fox Theater on seventh Street on Market Street in San Francisco, seventh Street and Market. And he had a little barbershop And he cut hair and, and my, my dad would shine shoes during World War ii And they, you know, he would get a nickel dime, you know, and, and it was a great place to grow up. They would give him, he told me he, they give him like literally like a quarter and he'd be able to take that, you know, and I, I think I, I'm wrong about it. He, they gave him like, it was like a dollar And he was able to spend the whole day and go to the world fair on a dollar by himself.


And 1939 World Fair in San Francisco. So he was eight, just walking around by himself. Like not a care in the world. What Did he do in later life? He went, he went into real estate and carved out a, a little, a loan business where for people, and remember, for people complaining about the price of the interest rates for, for homes and banks. Now in 1980, in the early eighties, it was 18%. Yeah. I mean it was, you know, thanks, thanks, thanks to the Carter administration. They were able to jack it up. And so he would, he would get, figure out a way with some investors to help get people to, to loan them money for a, a loan on their home or to help be their first home.


So like private banking. Yeah. And he was, he, you know, he, he did that. And he was also just a really good guy who realized after the Brown versus Board of Education, 1954, that, you know, this racism stuff is, you know, it's, it's stupid. It's wrong. And so he was one of the first realtors in San Francisco to rent to African Americans in places that weren't that, that, that that wasn't, And so that wasn't easy for him. And so, I mean, it was with that, my mother was a school teacher, and I think it did, my mother was a war survivor in World War ii. So I think that was a good, where was she in World War ii? In the Philippines. Ooh. Her father was an American soldier.


She never met until she accidentally met him in San Francisco. But she, her, both her brothers were killed in during the World War. By the Japanese. By the Japanese. And, but she had no bitterness about it. And she really was a strong person. And I didn't really, you know, I'm still coming to grips with what that, what my upbringing was with her. And I respect her tremendously. And she just said she was never fearful. The reason I survived, I was never afraid. I knew I was gonna survive. And so she literally, her mother would make bedsheets, take bedsheets and sew them. Because you know, the thing about America, it's, this is unique experiment in freedom in the history of the world.


That's why it's so important that we need to keep freedom of speech and keep, keep our freedom. 'cause there's no one that's gonna come and rescue us if anything happens. And so she would make, with her mother, they would make these pajamas out of these soft bedsheets that they'd had And they would trade them. 'cause the ca the case system, which is a lot of the world, if you're, you know, my mother used to say, even maids have maids in the Philippines. There's a descending cascading poverty level that just keeps going down and down. So she would trade these with the people, the farmers who suddenly had the most valuable thing food. So she would walk for hours, you know, a a day to get up to where the they were and get this kte, which was sweet potato. And she would trade for that.


And she'd have to be really, really nice to these, you know, the people. And they knew that, that, that things have changed. And, and that's how she survived. And she said not everybody did her, her brother's 17 Bill was drafted by Roosevelt under a, an agreement that you could be in the US Army. If you're Filipino, you could be drafted and be us, go in the US Army. So he did at 17, he was in the Batan death march, And he survived it and then died of a dis dysentery in there at 17. Damn. And her brother also died at 15. He said he refused to believe that, that his brother had died.


He said, he's gotta be with the gorillas out. I'm gonna go get 'em. And my mother said, don't, don't. She, she stayed up all night with him trying to talk her brother John into not going. And she wasn't successful in the morning. Said, I, here's, she gave him a h he gave her a hundred pesos, hang on to this, I'm gonna come back. And he never did. And then it wasn't until my mother's, like 60th high school and a high school reunion where there's only a few people that have survived, where she found out why the Japanese captured him and, and interrogated him and killed him, is because he was, and she didn't realize that, but one of her classmates did because he was wearing, her brother was wearing their brother's US army boots.


So the Japanese thought, well, he must know something. And they killed him. They killed him. Well, what happened is, at that time, the, the, the, there was the form of information was rumor and innuendo. So the rumor got back that the Japanese have him. And what the Japanese said was, you know, come and get your son Vic, my grandmother Victoria. But my grandmother Victoria knew from what other happens to other families, if you go the Japanese will torture you in front of him to make him talk and then they'll just kill you both. So she had to make her Filipino Sophie's choice. And, and she had, you know, three daughters and she was gonna, so she stayed And they killed him. But my mother didn't have a, a bitterness towards the Japanese. Didn't never, I never heard one hateful thing my mother ever said it was war.


So, and one of her, her brother-in-law was half Japanese who helped. One of the reasons they survived. So I'm, that's just another, what was she like as a mother? She was tough. Yeah, I bet she was tough. She would, you know, not your average Bay area mom. Well, there was a lot of Filipinos. That was the beautiful thing about, 'cause on my birth certificate it says Father white, mother Oriental. Back then, that's just what, in 1963, that's what you were called. If you're Asian, you're not Asian, you're Oriental. I think Asian was like a, you know, a slur. Yeah. Hey, I'm not Asian, I'm Oriental. Whatcha talking about, you know, it just means eastern. So my dad, yeah, my dad was open to, to this and it was beautiful.


He was very open-minded. A traditional liberal, you know, it's, yeah. Which is The best, you know, free speech. Don't judge people by the color of their skin. Women's rights, gay rights, this, that traditional liberalism, which has been abused to me and other stuff now. But it, so she was tough. If you wasted food, that was a problem. I bet, I bet. My dad had to tell her, we've gotta throw this food out. He said, whatcha talking about this? It's still good. And he said, but there's mold on it. Yeah, but we can cut them mold off. She says, no, what we do is we'll just buy, we'll throw that away and just buy new stuff of that. And that was just like, that was, I mean, that it was my mother. That was a bizarre concept.


Throwing food away that you could still eat. She told me, like she said, they took the kte And they would mix it and mix it until it was basically water just to stretch it out. So she had something, she starved during the war and she had stomach problems her whole life though. She lived almost 93. And she said, and then they would take the skin of the kte and we'd burn that. My mother would burn it and that would be our coffee. 'cause it looked like coffee. Whoa. And I was like, wow. And it, but she didn't say it with bitterness, look like coffee. Let's have some coffee. Alright. So it's like, you know, so growing up with that, I didn't truly understand it. And because what happens, I think, and now that I understand with like what I learned from great people, like m Scott Peck and Dr.


Gabor was that there's traditional, I mean, I'm sorry, generational trauma. 'cause I worked with, you know, Gabor mate worked with me on a couple of sessions and talked to me about generational trauma. I says, what is that? I didn't go through the war. Why? I know it's not my problem. He said, yes, but it's passed on to you. 'cause he was a, you know, in his mother's womb during, in Hungary during World War ii. And he said, your mother, you know, she suffered. He must have passed on to you. And he said, no, I don't. What do you? I said, I don't think so. He said, well, when you travel places, what is there anything, what is that? Like, what do you do? And he talked to me, what'd I do?


And he said, what do, do you bring anything with you? And I went, food, you bring food with you everywhere. I go, I got a bag, I got some food in there. He said, where do you think you got that from? I was like, it's true. If It gets moldy, do you throw it away? Yes. And I go back, I go right back to Sprouts And they buy another


one. We hear a lot from viewers about big tech censorship. And those reports are more frequent than ever right now. Censorship meaning shutting down your access to information, not lies or misinformation, but truth things. It's only the truth that they censor facts that get in the way of the lies they're trying to tell you. The net effectiveness, of course, is interfering in the 2024 presidential elections. That's why they're censoring more than ever now because the stakes are even higher. You're probably not shocked by this, but the specific examples of it do throw you back a little bit. We've seen screenshots and videos showing how we Google search to learn more about the attempted assassination on Donald Trump. Instead push users to information on Harry Truman or Bob Marley or the Pope. Anything other than the relevant truth, which is that they just shot Trump in the face. They don't want you to know that because it might help Trump. We've seen examples where Facebook marked true photos of a bloodied and defiant Trump as misleading. Somehow those pictures were a lie and then limited their visibility. Its AI assistant explicitly denied the shooting ever took place. This is insanity, but it's at the core of big tech's editorial policy, which is denying the truth to you in order to control the outcome of this presidential election. It's not democracy. We've seen examples where a generic search for information about Donald Trump was automatically rephrased to show positive stories about Kamala Harris instead, is there any clear example of election interference? So what do you do about it? Well, Parler has been down this road. Parler has pulled right off the internet for telling the truth. But it's back and it's reaffirmed, its lifelong, unwavering commitment to free speech on Parler. The Bill of Rights lives. The First Amendment is real. You can say what you think because you're a human being and an American citizen and not a slave on Parler, users can freely express themselves, tell the truth, express their conscience at, connect with others who are doing the same. And they will not be interfered with, they will not be censored, designed to support a wide range of viewpoints. Everyone is welcome on Parler. Parler is committed to ensuring that everybody is heard. And so it's become a place where independent journalism, journalism is protected and respected. It's protected because it's respected. So as this censorship by big tech intensifies standing up for your God-given right as an American to say what you think is essential. We're on Parler. That's why we're on Parler. Our handle is at Tucker Carlson and we encourage you to join us there. You have the right to say what you believe. So does every American, and You Can Do It on parlor at the Parlor app today


For a limited time. You can get KFC chicken with the sweet heat of hot honey. And after one bite, you'll wonder how do bees make hot honey? So hot. Are they special bees? Does KFC have dragon bees fire breathing dragon bees that create spicy honey? No. Silly, there's no such thing. KFC just partnered with Mike's hot honey to drizzle all over their crispy chicken. But Dragon Bees would be so cool. Try it now for only $7 or share a box with friends for 25 prices and participation very while supplies last. Taxes, tips and fees extra.


Give your kids a summer full of fun and learning. Give them id tech. Id Tech camps are all about high energy, fun meeting new friends and are taught by elite instructors located at 75 prestigious college campuses all across the country. Id tech features over 50 epic courses like battle bots, AI and machine learning, coding, game design and more. There's something for every kid, ages seven to 17 at id tech, sign up@idtech.com and use code id tech to save $150 on a week of a lifetime.


I think my siblings got it worse than me. Definitely because I was the youngest. They bring food with them too. I, you know what, I didn't, I don't ask him about that. I should. But my, I just remember being a really young boy, my mother, my dad, he took her places, you know, and, and it was nice. They would travel together and, And they would go out to dinner and I remember my mom yelling, all right, we're going out. Anybody touch a hair on Robbie? I murder all of you. And I was like, tough for the other kids, but I'm Robbie. So like, I think he helped create a monster. Was She a Christian? She was Catholic, but then she got divorced and she met my, my father who was Jewish.


Yes. And they both didn't, I think they both made a decision about, I mean she, she survived the Japanese, she could survive not being accepted by the, the Catholic church. And I tried to get my priest, father Paso, he was a great guy too, speak with her towards the end of her life. And she just declined. And I wanted her to really make peace. And, and I think in a lot of ways she did. And, and I, as time goes by, I, I, I realize, look at my sister told me Sister April, who's a lovely, lovely girl who had it worse than me. She was older and, and her parents divorced, my mother's first husband.


Husband. And she said, you realize we were raised by a 12-year-old girl, right? Because that's when that trauma happened. And that's what, like Dr. Gabor talked about with me. It's at that time of trauma is where they revert back to. And that's, and it still made sense. So I get it. So how did you, if your parents weren't believers, how'd you become a Christian? I found it. I just, it was a, I found some really happy content people and I go, what's going on with these people? They were not in the entertainment business, I'm betting They were not. And I was, I was, remember I was in junior high and I go, what's with these people? And my, my, my friend's brother, ed Marcus' brother, he, he just, he was a very conflicted kid and had some problems and, you know, was, was experimenting with different things and, and then he just was suddenly the most peaceful guy to be around.


Like, what's happening with this guy? He said, I said, what's happening with you? He said, well, come find out. And I went to this place and everybody in there was like, Hey, so nice to have you welcome. This is our house. This is your house. It was like, wow. And that's a beautiful thing that Mexicans say when you go to their house, they go like, this is your house as well. Yes. What a beautiful thing to say to people. And I went in and I was just really moved by how welcoming this was. And this was, didn't feel like what I was in, you know, my house, you know how people like him. Anytime somebody called my mom would answer, go, what is Robbie there? Why? Well, I'm, I go to school with him so well, I just wanna talk to him.


Why? Well, because he's my friend and I want to check, you know, ah, you know, so I grew up with that. You know, my mom, she, she was, the world was a dangerous place for her. Why are you going? Don't go outside. It's dangerous. Other 'cause for her, she grew up, that was a dangerous place. So, you know, you have to have a balance with that. So, but you wind up In a classmate's church and it seems like a place of refuge, A place of peace. And I was like, what is this? And they like, whew. And then you, and then, you know, when you spend time reading the Bible, when you spend time with other Christians, you feel the presence of Christ. You just do. When I, you know, when I was doing the rosary with, and I, I have no problem with, with with any other religions.


If you believe in Christ, you're my brother. And if you're not, you're my brother too. You know, those who are not against us are with us. And, and those who are against us are potentially with us too. We just have to be there. You feel the presence of God. And that is a powerful thing. And it's moving and it's healing. And so while I strayed, you know, there's always in the back of my mind, I go like, you know, I'm never gonna go away. There's that, you know, Jesus come, I'm never gonna go away and end when you need me most, I'll be there. And so it's times like this though. It's just like, wow, it's beautiful and I hope I can, you know, I'm just very grateful and lucky and fortunate and, you know, I feel so close to, with my family, so gifted by everything and all the problems that you have are just, you gotta interpret it.


Like this is a potential to bring you closer to God and to help people and to bring you closer to, to where you need to be. This, this is all opportunities. And so I think as, as people are gonna get really angry when The Election happens, whoever wins, and I would just tell people like it's not, Robert Kennedy talks about this too. It's not the end of our republic. It's not the end of democracy. It's, it's gonna be more encroachments if the Democrats win. I believe there will be more encroachments on freedom, but it's not the end. We still have the, you know, this tried and true legislative executive judicial and Even those, the legislative still continues to abdicate their power to the executive, which, you know, it's not supposed to happen.


Where the, you know, well Biden comes in And he does 125 executive orders. These were only, it's, we're basically hiring an emperor, but still get involved at the state level, get involved with your school board. And I would say one of the biggest dangers of an incoming, of an incoming continuation of the Democratic party. And I'm not to say that the Republicans haven't done their abuse and like, you know, the lies that the, the Bush administration, the wars that they cause. But the problem is if the Democrats get back in, I'm worried about the educational system. And as, as moms for Liberty that talk about this is giving more money from the, from the feds to our school boards and the state to control what happens at the state level and our local school boards.


So the school board meetings will mean nothing. 'cause the, it doesn't all be, the feds will, they're funding most of it, 26% they wanna go to, I think it's 13 now, if they do that and then control then, then we're really talking about another, you know, problem with indoctrination of children. And that's gonna be a real, I mean that, that's one thing we should really, really be aware about and be act locally get involved. What do you, what will you say to people whose candidate loses in November? Calm no violence. No violence, and, and, and know that it's gonna be two years hold your, hold the reins if you, no matter who wins, hold the reins, it's gonna be two years of what damage they can do. And then they're gonna be a lame duck for the next two years.


And just hold the reins. And I'm saying don't give into violence, don't be, and unfortunately our social media is creating and exploiting and making money off of, off turning people as extreme as they can so they can increase their addictions. And these addictions that we started with, these are addictions to social media. And that's something we gotta control, get a handle on. And I would just tell people like anything new that's coming into the world, like whether it's airplanes, okay, well it's first invented in, in two thou in, in 1903 by the Wright brothers, supposedly the, the, the Russians and French. They otherwise, however, 15 years later, if this new invention, 15 years later, they were using it to drop bombs out and kill people.


Yes. And then it took another 20 years for it to become aviation where people can actually get to places by the early 1930s. So it was, so right now with social media is just at the time where it's just dropping bombs, killing people, destroying people and canceling people and that stuff. So we'll, we'll have to give it time And just for schools, can you imagine if you and I took our television set to school in the morning and our newspaper and our daddy's dirty porn magazines. Imagine that I found underneath the stairs, by the way, you know, I noticed that we didn't have the same money for makeup as Playboy. But anyway, my point is can you imagine bringing all that, that's what you allow when you, when you have phones in schools now.


So this is a real problem we have to get a handle on. And like, you know, when you get bullied or whatever, or people would would say bad things about you or you farted in the middle of the class and it was humiliating. Well at least when you went home, it was like, oh, stops, it turns off. I got an hour now. Yeah, now it never stops. They got the phone And they got people saying stuff about you and this how many likes you have. So like no phones, I mean, just flip phone, no social media till 16 minimum. So, you know, calm down and say no violence, don't give into it. And just know that You can act. And this is a country, it's a republic. We're not, it's not this parliamentary system in Europe, which is, and whereas these unelected people, the European Commission now are controlling what happens in other countries.


And you know, thankfully Hungary is still holding firm and it really is under threat right now. We have free speech. There's the free speech in England is under attack. Yeah. I would say. And comedians are under attack now. So that's a, you know, j we talk about in the book, You Can Do It, the, the comedian's under attack and now they have this hate laws and free speech has to be open to, to protect the, it's not the, it's not the the safe stuff for stuff everybody agrees with. That needs to be protected. You know, appropriate or approved speech is not the stuff that needs protecting.


It's the unapproved stuff. Yes. And you have to have all of it to have friction in society to The best ideas arise, you know, and let let them, you know, like the A CLU when it used to be a decent organization that used to protect rights, you know, they've defended the Nazis right in Skokie Illinois to March. Not because they agreed with the Nazis, but because the Jewish guy who was in charge of A CLU at the time said The best way to defeat the Nazis is to let them speak. Of course. So they went to the, they went to the Supreme Court and a lot, and then to fight for them to, for their right to speak. Well That's how a self-confident country behaves. A country that believes in its own values in its founding documents. They're, they're happy to tolerate disagreement because they, they know that they're right.


And that if people are given the, the freedom to choose, they'll choose them. You know, and I, I feel like censorship suggest the people in charge know how hated they are and how stupid their ideas are. And that's why they can't handle the challenge to them. Well if you, if you abdicate your free speech, your, your right to unfettered speech and you let some other, the state decide, well then they're gonna decide what's in their best interest. Oh, of course. And they're going to limit the speech. And, And they are trying to, and it's was really a, it shouldn't be surprising, but it was, it was like, it was surprising to me that when it was discovered through the thank God for Elon Musk, and, and God bless him and protect him and pray for Elon Musk, his protection, thank God for the Twitter files, because the terrific work of, of ma as Matthew Shellenberger and Matt Taibbi, they, this was really happening that he, they were able to discover that the government was infringing on the, for, on the rights of Americans and limiting and censoring speech that they disagreed with from what the government wanted to do.


So for, and then when they had congressional hearings, instead of correcting the situation which was egregious and a and a, a violation of ama of the First Amendment rights of Americans, instead of adjusting it based on this new evidence, this anti-American attack on our system and free speech, the Democrats were just like attacking the messengers and attacking the people who brought this and trying to undermine them and demonize them. And it's like, wow, this is the time to regroup and go, Hey, this is bad, let's fix this. Yes. But they didn't do that. And that's what George Washington warns us about when partisanship, when people worry more about parties, then they can really be a threat to the nation.


That's For sure. So you started on Saturday Night Live in 89? I think 89. 89. 90 season with the glory years. Well Actually I think that's, that's fair. I mean the cast that you started with, you know, they're all still famous to this day. We Had a, we had a great cast, but I, all I remember from that time is that I, you know, the, the newspapers saying how much we sucked that we weren't as good as the first cast Who was on, can you just remind us who was on the show that year? Oh, well, you know, the, the great Dana Harvey, Dennis Miller, Mike Myers, really talented guy, and Phil Hartman of course. And the new guys coming in, which, you know, was Nora Dunn was there, and Jan Hooks Kevin, the great Kevin Neland great guy and talent.


And it, then the new guys was me, David Spade, who got hired together as writers. And then the next fall, 1990, Adam Sandler ended up coming. And my buddy who I lived right across the street with with, he lived with Judd Apatow right across the street from me in North Hollywood. And then Chris Farley came in at that time and it was a, a really good time for comedy and it was a great place to be in their twenties. And that's, So that's 35 years at least that you've lived in that world. Yeah. What, what's the response from your colleagues, peers, friends, to some of the things that you've been saying over the last hour?


They're coming around, you know, they don't agree with all of it, but I, I would say that they're agreeing more to what they're seeing because it's, it's tough because it is insulated. You, you do, You can, You can stay in your political echo chamber. You can absolutely avoid any, you know, any questioning of your belief systems. 'cause belief systems that we're talking about is the toughest thing to really, to, to have challenged For sure. Once, once you, You can talk about like, am I a good cook? I don't know if I'm a good cook or whatever You can talk about. But, but if you talk about your belief systems, you talk about, like, if you talk about somebody's sense of humor, do you have a good sense of humor?


Yes, absolutely. Why wouldn't I? Well, not everybody, like you can't be a good cook. Not everybody has The best sense of humor when you get to that belief system and start to question people get angry and, but I, I think people are waking up and, and you gotta have people with differences of opinion. The the differences as you know now is like, as we've seen before, if you disagreed, you disagreed and you work whatever, you know now, if you have a different, if you have a different opinion, you're a bad person. Yes. And you're judged for that. So now people don't wanna give their opinion, which is a, makes our, which makes the expression and it makes our culture poorer because we need everybody to talk and let The best ideas rise to the service.


Exactly. And not judge them from a particular thing and, and for a particular point of view that that, that they have every right to have. So, but do you think that people in the world that you've spent your life in would agree with what you just said? I mean, I think So if you get 'em one-on-one, not on Twitter, not on Twitter, not on Twitter, not on Facebook Has it. But have you been able to preserve your friendships despite political differences? Most, some people, sadly yeah, from the Bay Area who watch one of the networks that has four letters, or was it MSS and BC five?


They, I used to work there and I, I didn't know That they love me, but I don't hear from 'em as much. And they're lovely people and I love them and I, I, I feel like if they did see me, they'd hug me. But they just, you know, they said to me, there's a lot of people like Gavin Newsom, Like actually, Well, that, that's what they're from. Northern California. There's a lot of people. They really like him. And you know what, he's, he's in power. And there, there was a chance that we were like, you know, worried because we saw what he did to San Francisco. It's interesting 'cause like you take guys that are that really authoritarian, they have no problem closing your business. Oh no. But if it's, if it's a business that, that they're associated with or they getting away, they'll keep open.


And Justin Trudeau the dictator of the north, yeah. He will have no problem trouncing on the rights of Canadians who were protesting, who really, what helped open and end Covid was those truckers who risked everything there. And this a-hole dic cold, cold weather dictator closed their bank accounts and just completely took away their rights. And, and that's, that's the thing about it, man, you're rights, rights, they are on a piece of paper and unless they're backed by the will and by the, the goodwill and by the people insist on it, it's just gonna be a piece of paper. And so that's what happened in Canada and those people's rights were, were trounced upon.


So luckily though, but that, that was enough to like wake people up, I think in the United States who had guns. Yeah. And I, and I, Robert Kennedy and I talked about this, is that the reason why we got outta Covid. 'cause when I said that I, you know, I told him years ago, you know, if you ever run for president, I'm gonna support you no matter what. And I do, he's a great thinker and a wonderful man and really wants to help educate people and get people healthy. I don't agree with everything he says, but who does? The point is we agree on enough, right? We can't just go Republicans, Democrats, if you're willing to work with us on this, this issue, I'll work with you. I don't care about what you know, if you have Amen. I agree completely. You're crazy on something else. And so I'm willing to, to, to work with him and, and to, you know, to move this forward.


I said, but the guns, here's the thing, the only reason we got outta Covid was because there, you know, at least 400 million guns in America and the government can only push its citizenry so far. And I said that is something that I, as someone I grew up in California didn't understand that I understood it pretty quickly during tyranny where the people could shut you down. Where like a governor could say, You can no longer open your business. Even those, you know, scientifically you can't. There there was no science behind it and it never had been. And so they were allowed to do that. And the fact that there has been no legislatures that have restricted the government's executive powers to, to prevent that from happening again is worrisome.


And I said this, this, you know, they could turn it off at any minute. So I do think that because of that situation, because of Covid, because people saw the Covid tyranny and, and now it's been exposed that there was no reason for the six, you know, the six feet of distance is all was just made up by Fauci. And you know, his cronies over there who were all paid by the pharmaceutical industry, they have, you know, my friends have come around to go, you know, maybe Rob's not so crazy. I've been friends who go like, you know what I didn't realize, you know, we just thought you were, we just thought you were nuts. But now they've come around. When did your view start changing and why? I've always questioned things. I mean, I hate to say this, but like, I've always kind of been kind of a contrarian go, why do we have to do that?


That sucks. Let's do something else. I that I grew up with my dad, my dad, you know, set an example for just a troublemaker. You know, so I kind of, you know, this way I, I didn't start out, I mean, comedians aren't intellectuals were defacto intellectuals. Yes. We got forced into it. 'cause everybody else got demonized and silenced academics where like they couldn't talk about stuff. Scientists and doctors and comedians can still get on stage and still talk about it. But, so these other people got silenced. So we kinda had to step into that vacuum. It's true. And they got, I just did what I can and you know, I'm just college dropout. So No, but that's, I mean it's, you know, Dave Chappelle becomes a leading public intellectual because People go Exactly.


I saw him in 2016. 'cause I go, what is happening here? What is this like? And I went, I'm gonna go see a show. And there was two shows happening. There was the show of his show, which was brilliant. And there was a show of the audience looking at him. Well that was another show. 'cause they were looking at him, please make sense of the world for me please. 'cause it's not making sense anymore. And he would, and it's like, and that changed me. And I realized, well that's what, you know, that's the way, direction to go. And that was 2016. So, but my dad was a guy who would, like, he was friends with this IRS guy used to be high up in the IRS, I can't say his name, my publisher, Good friend to have. Yeah, my, he said, he said, he said, because my dad was pissed off, he had to pay these taxes, which were much higher in the, in the late sixties than they are now.


Yeah. Very high. You know, just, it was crazy higher than, now people think of it, I gotta pay taxes. They were higher, they're like sixties in the 60 percentile. So my, And he said, God, I'm pissed off. He said, he said, so what happens, he, I get audited every year. 'cause he had a private, you know, business, basically like private little bank. And he said, what do you do when the IRS agent comes over? He said, well, you know what, I give him his own room and I, you know, they give him a box and a cup of coffee, whatever they need. He said, don't do that. I said, what do you mean? He said, just give 'em a box. Put the stuff on the floor, you know, put the stuff on another box and you know, And he said, bring the kids over, let them play and run around the room. And he said, he'll be gone in an hour.


Don't make it easy for him to harass you. He said just, yeah, just, just go have the kids run around. Don't make it comfortable. Too comfortable. You know. And so we would run around and I couldn't believe like Mike, 'cause my dad would never let me run around when there's people in the office. And I go, there's people. He said, he said, just play. Do what you want, you know, I said, my brother. And like, what really? So it was a disaster. We're running around dropping and breaking stuff and all this stuff. And it was, my dad was like, I said, this is different. I didn't understand what it was till now, till years later. But that was my dad's kind of way. Like, ah, you know, ah, giving it back to the man in some small fun way where he can get a laugh out of it. My dad used to love to laugh and get laughs out of situations in, in whatever way he could.


And I guess some of that rubbed off. Did they stop auditing him? Not as much. And they were definitely quicker. But he was a genius with math. My dad was a math genius. Really? He, before a calculator, he just figured out, just like I couldn't believe what he would do. And did, did he live to see your career? He lived to, thankfully he got to see like a movie might become a big hit. And there was like, he called me and left a message in my machine And he said, well Robbie, I think you finally got a hit on your hands here. I went to the theater, San Bruno, two theaters had your movie two and they're both sold out.


So I think you got a hit, you know, and my mom started getting into show business. She Said, you know, the Batman movie made 400 million, but they had, but their but per screen average was higher because there was in 4,500 screens. So the per screen average, when you look at it, there's not as much as your movie When you, so, so they got into it quick and they're very proud of me. So that was, I was real them, my dad got to see that And he got to go and, and to be there. And he died a month later. But that was just beautiful. He got to see that and go to a premier and my dad dressed up. I got to sit next to him and my daughter al on this side. And, and it was just, that was beautiful. And I, I, I missed those times and I missed the phone calls and, and you know, calling and, and him checking in on me and going, Hey dad, lemme call you back.


He says, you always say that. Why can't you talk now? And I wish I could have that conversation back. Yeah. You know, but those are beautiful times. And to have that support of your father, that's why it's so important to support and love your kids unconditionally and give them the reflect God's love onto them. And that's, that's our job as a parent and in society. And I fail. I fail at, at being The best person I can be. And I get angry and sometimes I spout my mouth off and, but when some People, you know, attack people that I care about, it really bothers me. And I gotta calm down, you know? So, but So they always tell you it's the most important election of your lifetime.


But of course this one actually is, that's demonstrable. And it's also because it is so important being censored at every level by the tech companies. So we were thinking about this a couple of months ago and we thought why not get on the road live in front of actual people, live audiences coast to coast, A nationwide tour where we can't be censored. That'd be good. It would also be fun. So we're doing it. We're gonna be on stage with some of our friends, some of the most fascinating people we know, the most recognizable people we know, responding to what is happening in America this September in real time. It'll be just like the podcast, but it's gonna be live. So we're excited to announce our friend Larry Elder, is coming to join us in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Our friend John Rich who will be there with us in Sunrise, Florida.


And we're adding more stops. You just added another stadium show in Redding, Pennsylvania. We'll be joined on stage by Alex Jones. They tell you what Alex Jones is like. Have you seen him in person? You should make up your own mind. It's gonna be fun as hell and interesting and intense. And we hope you'll join us. Go to Tucker Carlson dot com right now to get your tickets. See you there. So you got Cut off. You were talking about Canada and the tyranny there, obviously lots of great Canadian people.


I know you would agree, but the country's in Turmoil. It's an authoritarian country. But you were, you were punished by the Canadians for telling naughty jokes. I was. They really went after me. And it hurt. Not at all. I loved it. I remember like, then I remember the, the, my favorite thing was 'cause it was accused of being, you know, trans phobe. It just like, it's just to fill in the blank, whatever you are. Yeah. It's like, You can tell jokes. I mean, the, the fact of the matter is like, if, if we're just gonna throw biological reality out the truth, it could be, you know, not nice, but it's never hateful. No. The fact that like, you know, and I, I said, I did some jokes about that I do my standup back.


That if I had a son and if he sucked at sports like I did and I wanted him to be a champion and victory, I said, well just go, you know, said, listen, it's not nice, but just go tell 'em. I want you to feel, you know, you know, you're losing all the guys. I want you to go and tell the coach that you're, you're a girl, you know? And then, you know, no, no, no, no. That's The best part. You get to keep your dick. You can keep the whole thing, keep the whole thing. It doesn't matter. No. You just tell them and then they have to accept you. You just say it. You just say it And they, And they said, and you win. Then you, you know how to do this thing. And anyway, it, it gets big laughs but it's also like, that's what thing they complained about. And people were laughing at that outrageous, you know, humor. And I said the Canadians were mad that the audience laughed. So One guy who was the same guy in all the com complaining and I remember like, they were really laughing and then they kind of got quiet.


'cause they're, they're too polite. Canadians are too polite. They don't wanna hurt anybody's feelings, which ends up hurting everybody's feelings because then you ha you end up having some, some guy who loves China running your country Exactly like tires China. So it's, it's, it's important to speak up and speak your, speak freely and say, when this, when you're countryman, I say there, I have nothing to apologize to. You can about, if you know what you, I will consider an apology. Consider it when you apologize for what you did to those truckers and what you, that, that, that ugliness of not supporting those people who were risking everything to drive all the way across the country, shut the country down so that, that this tyranny could end. And it, it was a powerful movement.


And it was a movement not, and and to not to, to stand there and let your government officials call them terrorists. Yes, that is. And put them in prison, which they did disgraceful. It is Disgraceful. And so when you make that official apology, I'll talk about like how I felt and why I did certain jokes. And I have no apologies to you at all, and I'm glad I did it. And I'll do it again. If you let me back in the country, Which I assume they won't, I will not be allowed back in the country just for, for hate speech for jokes. And you're not allowed on late ITV either. I don't get invited to Please. Do you care? No. Why would I, I mean like, it's, it's not, I mean, as I said, you know, it got on Twitter and then Fox News of course, which I said, you know, much late night TV is just political indoctrination with comedic imposition.


Yeah. It just, and it's, it was, it no longer resembles comedy as much as, you know, cheering on the rhetoric and you know, attacking a particular one half of the country. And, you know, when I saw the, the dancing syringes, I was like, oof. But you know, all those, that's the weird thing is, you know, all those guys, I assume, 'cause you lived in that world, I I know most of them. But it's, I mean, it's easy to, I mean, and, and God bless them and, and I hope that they can come around to become more independent in their thinking. 'cause whether they're, they, You can literally replace the, the, the dialogue. I mean the, the jokes from one late night guy to the next guy and then put 'em in the mouth of this guy.


And it's just, it's just, there's no individual point of view. 'cause it it is, it is really ideologically captured and trapped. And I, you know, I hope that they would realize that that's limiting. I would hope that, like you didn't you realize, you know, Limiting soul destroying Yeah. I I think it's, I don't think it's good. And I I think people have have woken up to it And they go like, that ain't that, that's not, that's not representative of our country. And, and I don't, I think it, it's a job to question authority no matter who's in authority. Exactly. You question. I mean, Saturday Night Live at its best truthfully was trying to make our friends laugh and question authority no matter and make fun of authority no matter who's in charge. I remember, I remember we were making fun of Bill Clinton. We had Julia Sweeney played Hillary, I miss played, played Monica Lewinsky.


No, no, no. She played the, the daughter, what's her name? Chelsea. Yeah. And I remember like, you can't go after somebody's kid. How dare you know? I'm like, well, it's a kid, you know, we're not, she just put braces on, you know. So there, there seemed to be like an outrage with liberals. They don't have as good a sense of humor. They just, well, I should say this, I'm sorry. They have, they're more sensitive and, And they just, they get outraged and, And they could, they don't like it. So, but At the time, the Senator nine Live did it anyway. Yeah, they did. And they're coming back to it. I really think that they've, you know, they're making fun of, of, of Biden They have. And they got a good crew there, really talented new group. And, and they're gonna, it's, it's an institution and like any institution, whether the, you know, particular late night show where a network or or Saturday Night Live, any institution is gonna be susceptible to this ideological clap trap.


And it, and it is, but it's also, You can understand it. And I think as I'm, you know, I was angry about it and you know, I have to come to it from a place of peace and understanding if I'm gonna help it, if I'm going to yeah. Participate in this culture, I have to come from a place of understanding and it come, you know, it doesn't come naturally to me, but I gotta come from a place of understanding tolerance, forgiveness, and empathy. And it's hard to fight against that. When you are getting this, You can only talk about this and everything's gotta attack half of the country. And they are susceptible to that. And hopefully they'll realize because their ratings are getting smaller. Yeah. The number one guy is a very funny Greg, Greg Gutfeld, you know, my buddy Jamie Liso goes on the show all the time.


That's the number one show. So if you wanna, if it's about ratings, about money, well then think about the money. And I think eventually Hollywood, if they're anything, they're whores And they will do what makes money. They, you think that Sony pitchers wants to have a Christian division because they didn't care about that, but they do now. Why? Because people like Angels Studios are making money non-traditionally, And they didn't see that coming. When, when Mel Gibson made passion of the Christ, they tried to destroy that. Oh, I remember very, very well. They hated him for that. And they did not take him out. And that became the first real internet like sensation. And they couldn't stop it. He's A tough man. He Can take it because he is a faith in God.


And he's like, yeah. And, and Catholicism is the closest to the original words of Jesus. And that's why it works for me. And I I, there's a film that I wanna make called about the, the shroud of Turin. And it's the shroud of is the burial cloth of Jesus of Nazareth. It is. And the fact that the stir scientists tested it in the wrong place and didn't, didn't put quantify that, that there is these French nuns who were trying to repair in the 16th century, the Lords their Lord's burial cloth. And that they would do this, this French thing called this French weave called an invisible weave. And that altered the findings of the, of the testing of the carbon dating.


Yeah. And so there's this beautiful movie that we, we wanna make and I'm, I'm gonna make that. And it's, it's just expensive to make movies. And obviously, you know, I'm don't find myself in the good graces of Hollywood right now, but luckily there are enough people who, who want to bring a message of, of healing. Are you gonna Approach Disney with that movie? No, I You don't Think Disney's gonna come around anytime soon? You know what's so funny is that like, you know, when I got the Disney Channel, you know, my ego is like, maybe they have the, the, the on the Disney channel, they have the Hot Chick And they would never make that movie now. And I, I started turning And they didn't have it on there, but it's on Amazon Prime baby. So Disney also is another organization that caught up in what sounds good social justice, you know, the, the, yeah.


Equity. Well, equity, yeah. What whatever it is the equity. But what what equity is, is a grievance. What they, it, it's people like, I want this and these, the idea that somehow we're gonna get the same outcomes and that they're guaranteed. It was like the, you know, Kamala Harris's dog whistle. Now is this, this is equity thing and what what it if we don't have, as Thomas Sowell says, if we don't have the same outcomes in the same family, how, how are we gonna have that in society? We have to have a meritocracy. We have to have The best people of course. And we have to have of course have some sanity. So, but Disney, no, they're not gonna make that movie. And I hope that they do. Well, it's, it's a company that is, that I worked for many, many years ago.


I'd say it's The best brand in show business. I will tell you a funny story that when I was there, I think Bob Eger had just taken over from a great man. I really loved Eisner. He's the one who turned that company around and he's a fan of mine, of my movies. I love the guy, of course. But when Iger came in, and then I was still there and you know, you're out when the new regime comes in. The old Yeah. Been there. Yeah. It was for a few months. In a few months. And they were talking about the movies and unfortunately I was involved in, you know, at the regime. It wasn't making a lot of money for movies at that time. And we were on our way out. We all knew it. And then there was a, a meeting with the board of directors and I think Senator the Mitchell was one of the Yeah.


On the board. And they said, and the Eisner was, I mean, sorry, Iger saying, well, you know, this is what we, they looked into the boats. Well the boats made 18 million last year profit. And then the, the parks made this made the 34 million profit. Then why, why are the movies they lost money. Why, why, why do we need to make these movies? Let's just not make movies. Just do the boats. And he said, well, Mr. Secretary, I think the movies are what get people on the books. So, so Us senators aren't The best judges of Business. No. Surprisingly Yeah. Aren't The best judges of what movies should be made for children and their families.


I hope Disney comes around, they see what happens when they get too woke. They get spanked. Yeah, they get spanked. And, And they, you know, that that's a, a company that I gotta root for and I gotta hope that they right the ship. And, and you know, money is a strange way American. That's the thing about America. People come from all over, you know, and America, whatever they believe system. America's a wonderful seductiveness about w working your butt off. You get successful, making money. And, and so we've had a wonderful check and balance here, usually with what makes the most money. Let's keep doing that. Yes. So I would hope that Disney writes its ship and gets away from this trying to indoctrinate our, our children. How awful is that? Depressing.


It was really bummer that the fact that I, you know, my wife and I would've to watch the movies first before we let our kids the last few years. We have to watch the movie first before we let our kids see it. Let's see what's, let's just check it first. Then. My parents never did that to me. They took me to see the Godfather, Sonny, Carly Owen. They didn't ask me, how did you deal with that? You know, we just, we they didn't wanna get a babysitter. So, but, so, but we would watch these movies just to make sure, well my wife would, you know, she does most 90% of the child rearing. But, and to make sure that, that they're not getting any stuff that we don't want them to have. Yes. And that that's not okay. That's not good for their business. It's not good for society to like that. You're putting out stuff there that is undermining a traditional family.


Well, wasn't trying to destroy the lives of kids. I mean, that's pretty dark. It doesn't get any worse than that. How would you rate Trump? Not politically, not personally, but from a comedy standpoint. Well, I've met him a few times. Nice guy. I like him. You think he's funny? Very likable. Absolutely. That's the thing about it. It's like, you know, you have a guy who's genuinely has a sense of humor. Yeah. Tries to make jokes. And then the jokes are like, he said this, you know, will he be a dictator on day one? But then that's, you know, it's okay. It's a joke. He's joking. He doesn't, you know, they're like, no, he is gonna be, you know, so he's gotta be super careful. That's why I feel sorry for anybody in the public eye. And unfortunately during Covid, he listened to the wrong people And he trusted the wrong people.


Yeah. But I think he learned from that. And I think this time, hopefully, you know, I don't think he's going to, I don't think he's gonna make that mistake. I I don't, I hope not. You know, I mean, I hope he doesn't just put in the bankers in charge of the banks and then the, you know, pharma people in charge of pharma, in charge of the CDC and the FDA. And I'm hopeful, but I, I think anybody who doesn't need it, who do, I mean, I wouldn't wanna run for president. I mean, no chance. But he's subjecting himself to this. I mean, wow, that's rough. And I admire anybody who wants to serve their country in the capacity.


And if you think about traditionally with John Adams to be a doctor, an attorney, the highest thing he could be was to be a public servant and go into politics. That's what he felt was the, his highest calling. And I think we've moved away from that now. So I, you know, I, I want what's best for this country. And I, I do think I like governments that are less administrations, I should say, that are less confident. So that they won't, don't wanna go around and start more wars, blow up, blow up the world. And they think we're at a time, financially in this country, you just can't keep spending another trillions and trillions of dollars and expect this, this, this, just this to be magically taken care of.


This this isn't an issue. That this is a real problem and this administration, and the same thing with the Republicans in Congress. This Ukraine war has to end. We had to get out of it. Whether it's Robert Kennedy, who's a great guy, or, or whether Trump gets in. And we have to end this war because it's different than just these, these skirmishes and smashing up parts of the world, which is also awful. What they did, what, you know, what Obama and Hillary Clinton administration did, de Libya was just dreadfully awful. And you could saw the killed all those people for no reason at all, for no reason. And then the what's happening in Europe And they, the people who are leaving, and it's still a mess there. That is something that, that's, that's a war crime. That that's a human rights violation.


And we gotta stop this war because this, this guy has the most nuclear weapons. And I'm saying he's gonna use it. We might. But if you push, you keep poking a bear in the eye enough, that bear is going to lash out and do something. And 300, over 350,000 Russians died, have died. At least in this war. That's like seven, eight Vietnams for us over a 19 year period for us. They lost more people in World War ii. They're the ones that won. I know World War ii, they 20 million people, they know what that sacrifice is. And they're not gonna bend for this. We have to, it's not gonna be perfect like in any divorce, Ukraine's not gonna get everything they want.


Russia's not gonna get everything they want. But there has to be a cessation of human carnage. This has to stop. And whatever we gotta do to do that, whoever administration is gonna do that. And the Republicans also have spinelessly. You know, Senator Graham is just a warmongering weasel. We have to, these people need to be kicked out of office even if they're replaced by party. That I don't, I'm not fond of right now. We gotta get rid of these people who, who, and if you are for war, get rid of 'em. Vote 'em out. If, if you find out who your senator and congressmen are voting for so that we can end this and stop it. What, as a Christian, what do you make of politicians who call themselves Christians and then cheer, lead and vote to fund carnage?


That doesn't help anyone. That results only in killing. Like is that, that doesn't seem like a Christian position to me. And they are hypocrites. And they are hypocrites because not only are they continuing to slaughter, but they're also financially benefiting from it. So you have like, I mean, at least in some ways the cat's outta the bag. Biden what's left of Biden admitted that the money's not leaving the country. It's just going down the street to the pharmaceutical, I mean, sorry to the military industrial complex. Raytheon's got that. These a hundred billions. Don't, don't worry. It's like, no, let us worry. Let us worry very much that we are exporting this murder.


Yeah. That we're exporting the slaughter. And that taxpayers and that the congressmen also are, are, can invest in this. That, you know, congressmen, senators, I mean, that can make money off this slaughter. That that is truly evil. I agree with you completely. So we need to stop that and, and, and hopefully this will, this new election will, will bring about an end to it. It's gotta stop. We can't let it spread and we can't let it fester. And it's not gonna be perfect. But no divorce, no end of war is, but it has to stop. So I want to circle back to where it began, which is your conversion or your evolution through Christianity, Catholicism. How did that happen?


Well, there's two beautiful things. One is to know that, that there is far too many stars in the, in the sky that are necessary for the universe to continue. It seems to be. And there's far too much sperm, zo and flowers for flowers to continue. And they don't need to be that beautiful color. There seems to be an exuberance in creation. There's just too much. And there seems to be a celebration, a celestial whoopie as Alan Watts would say. And, and that's a really beautiful thing. And there's Too much exuberance in nature. I love That. And there, there's, there's definitely a joyfulness to all of it.


And it's like, wow, look at that. Sometimes you look up at the clouds and you go like, that's as beautiful as anything that Monet could have ever made. Yes. And it's temporary. And everything is temporary. So that's like the, when you realize that the pyramids are at their half life, 5,000 years and in 5,000 years there'll be dust. And they go like, wow, how much more so us? And and if you think if our works, whatever we do, if you think our, our good works are, but dirty rags in the face of the Lord, how much more our pride, our vanity. So that came to me by having children and the incredible beauty and gift that they are and how they see the world and that their eyes point out to see everything.


And that they know that they're connected to everything And they have to be taught that there's a separation between them and their mother. This is something that they just naturally, they know they're a part of everything. When the astronauts look back from the moon, if they ever went, they, they saw one thing. If they had gone, if they had gone on the set that they were on, where they were shown a picture of in Laurel Canyon, I think they saw the picture of Earth And they saw one thing and we're that one thing. And then at the same time, when this is coming to me and my beautiful children are, you know, having a second chance at, to be the father, to be a better father this time more present father, to see the rise of evil in the world and to be concerned about that.


And to know that now is the time to be courageous. Now is the time for people to step up and say injustice. Whether it's the current attack on women, whether it's the educational system, not educating kids. I say, take your kids outta college right now. Now is not the time to let your kids go. Who, how much do you have to hate your kids to send them to Harvard undergrad right now? I agree completely. The business schools are great, don't them? Still going good. They're all conservative too. 80%. But so you see a rise in evil and you have to know that like this is happening. And I've been very blessed that I got to meet some people who educated me about, you know, evil.


And, you know, meeting Dr. M Scott Peck when I was young, young man and reading his books about the first self health book was, was was his, it was The Road Less Traveled. Yes. And it was a book about how to be a better person. How to grow as a human being spiritually, and not take the easy road of just repetitive behavior or just not learning, not growing, but take the harder road, becoming a better person, learning loving, being tolerant, being forgiving, being patient. Which is, you could easily see how we transitioned into Christianity. 'cause he was a Christian without saying he was just already had the, the followings of Jesus in his heart. And so it was a natural opening. And he had a very interesting story about him, about how he was the doctor in the murder of the massacre of my life.


Yes. Which is the Vietnam massacre in the late sixties. And he was assigned as a psychologist to of, by the army, the US Army to kind of figure out the psychological makeup of the company Baker who did the massacre. And so he did. And it was very interesting, his findings. One, one thing is the only reason what we ever learned about the massacre of, of, of my life was, was because the helicopter pilot who witnessed it flying above, couldn't live with it anymore. And so a year later to the day he confessed and, and, and just said, well, this is what happened.


This is, this is what these people were massacred. And so during that psychological evaluation, which the army never released, he said that these people weren't, or people, it wasn't like these particular company had members in it that were, that had some grievances and that they, they, they, you know, had other issues and problems. And some of them maybe had join the army for, to avoid this or that, or were in prison or whatever. And that also was just one aspect of it. The other aspect of it is that they were being in a war that wasn't as much support back home.


So they were, And they were going through And they were getting sniped at by the enemy sniper fire. And they were just killing their friends. And they, they weren't able to get the enemy, they weren't able to get them. And they just kept happening. And this, by the time they got to a village, they said, where is it? Where is it, where are they? And that the people, and this was something that's interesting because it, it reflected on my childhood. Because Asian people, when they are nervous, when they are frightened, they laugh. That is true. When like all my relatives, when they are nervous or when they, they laughed, that's their go-to thing. So when the Vietnamese people who were having guns pointed at them were nervous and afraid they laughed. And that these people went ballistic at that point and just murdered the entire village, just murdered them all.


Killed them all. And so he did this and, and handed it in. And the army never released it. So moving further, he wrote a book about after he became, he became a Christian and then wrote a book about healing human evil called, called People of the Lie. And it's a short book, but very good book about evil. And it's important now to identify and to help heal human evil. And it's a, it's a fascinating book, but it helps you identify people in your life and people who are capable and who are, who are evil.


And evil does exist. And we need to arm ourselves with, with God, and to arm ourselves with knowledge so we can protect ourselves for what's, what's a rise in evil. And the last chapter of the book, well the, well, one of the chapters, which is really stunningly awful, was this one kid who was depressed And he went to go see Dr. M Scott Peck. And he, he found out that his brother had killed himself. And he, And he, he, he realized this is a really good kid, you know, and he's depressed, obviously his brother killed. And then he found out that for a birthday present, his, his parents gave him a gun.


It's like that. He was just absolutely stunned. And but it wasn't just that it was the same gun that his brother killed himself with. So there was a, a realization these, And he talked to the parents And he realized there were, these were evil people. And so that potentiality for human evil, we need to recognize and help heal, protect ourselves, protect our families. And the last chapter on it, which is demonic and satanic possession. And there was like, you know, I'm reading this book, it's three o'clock in the morning at this point, I'm starting to freak out by this.


And, but he postulated this theory. He said like, the people who seem to be possessed seem to be very angelic people that this entity is trying to overtake and they're fighting back for it to free themselves and evil, even evil. They, it has to succumb to the will and the and of Jesus Christ and must submit to it. And which he, the, the, the theory that he postulates, well this is somebody who's fighting back. So therefore it makes sense that there are people that don't fight back and just accept it and go with that.


And that kind of, that demonic possession becomes complete. And I think we have to, we have to, to know that that's, that's something that exists is real human, evil, whatever you wanna call it. And so what Dr. M Scott Peck in the bigger picture tried to explain was that like, obviously science and theology had to split at a certain point to survive because theology was crushing science. Yes. You know, when you have, when Copernicus discovers that the sun is a solar, you know, the beginning of the, the middle of our solar system, not the earth. And it's not part of the church doctrine that has to be recanted.


It's obviously science had the split. So you had the, the, the laws of nature, which is just, you know, they just took the lawmaker out And they still, the laws, you know, just like we have yes. Theological laws. So when you have that separation, but what Dr. Scot Peck tried to do is to bring it back together. So when somebody's like a murder or somebody's bad, you know, in si in science medicine, you call 'em sick theologically, you call 'em evil, they're one and the same. So in, in the attempt to cure human evil, I think it's, it makes us, we need to, to do both and to work together. And I think through, through bringing people closer to God, bringing our nation, which was founded under God, I think we have a chance to heal our nation.


And, and 'cause there is a rise in evil and I think we all see it. So it's, it sounds like you're saying the rise in evil turned you toward God. Well I think, I think both bookends the beauty of it and my children and the beauty of, of seeing it's, of seeing what God's gifts are. And there's so many, and the, and also, but to also to be, you have to recognize that, that this, you know, whether it's a cycle or what, what happens, you know, that there is evil. There seems to be a rise in evil in the world. Yes. What's happening. And just like with, you know, in Europe, in the 1920s yes the New York Times called these small group of people a bunch of misfits and nothing will ever come of them.


The national socialists. I think we need to be very careful how we move. And I, and I believe the United States must continue to be the guide and for the world as an example of freedom. Not perfect freedom, not, not in a perfect society by any stretch, but a one that, that aims for equality, that aims to be able to express itself, which, and free speech is the beacon call for freedom in the world. And there, you know, nobody's swimming away from America. They're not trying to get out, they're trying to get in for a reason. 'cause this is the greatest experiment in freedom in human history and continues to be.


And we must fight and be vigilant. And now's the time for courage to protect it. So that's why I wrote this book. What an amazing conversation. Rub. Thank You. Thank you. Thank you for having me. Tucker. Oh, I feel like I owe you for therapy. Lemme see how much money I got on For therapy. Oh, this has been a great, I sat silent like a good shrink, just taking notes, which I'm gonna file away. I'm sorry. There's Trouble with his motto. Robert, what are you doing? Put that down. Robert. Robert, stop messing around. Stop Robbie. See what happens. I grew up with that. See What happens. You fell down, you hurt yourself. See what happens. Did your siblings become comedians, by the way?


No, they came a very good audience. They did. They did. Yeah. That's sweet. Well, my sister, she's, she's my, my favorite laugh. My dad was The best, he had a great laugh. My mother would laugh at the right time every time. And then she'd go, ha ha what does it mean? What does he saying? But she was laughing and she was nervous and afraid. She, well she was laughing 'cause you know, everyone else was so, she, I'm sure she was nervous, so, but she would laugh and to be polite. I mean, that's the thing. Filipinos are so the nicest people. They Really are. They, they Even have a country not even named after anything Filipino. It's name after King Philip is said, they don't even wanna change it then.


Nah, we're good. But it's nothing Filipino. It's what about this cultural appropriate? No. Nah, nah. It's okay. We like it. We're used to it. They're a great combination of sweet and tough. They were tough under the Japanese. Really tough. They're tough. They never stopped fighting. No, they, they're tough. And they love America. I know you will not go to a home in Manila and you won't find in, in one of the homes here. You, you're not, you will find a picture of General MacArthur. You'll find it For sure. And they love America. When I was there in 1972, a little boy, I'll never forget, they still had the bayonets of the Marines, American Marines who died. They still had the bayonets there with the helmet on it. They were still taking care of it every day. And I was like, this is 1972.


It's like, it was absolutely stunning. But they, that's how much, that's how grateful they were for the sacrifice for some other people coming from another country to save them. Yeah. You know, that's from True oppression. The Japanese were, and I I love Japan, but the Japanese were impure army is very, very harsh, Unbelievably brutal. And, but you know that they thought themselves as liberators. That's why they hated the, the Philippines. That's why they didn't take them prisoner during the batan death march. Yeah. My uncle was, was in, was a soldier. So, you know, if you fell down, they just killed you And they just, the, the Japanese killed maybe upwards of, of 70,000 Filipinos then nobody knows.


Nobody knows what what, how many, 'cause they didn't take them prisoners 'cause they were fellow Asians that were fighting against them. Yeah. So they, they didn't take, they took umbrage to that so they wouldn't take them prisoners. They didn't like the whole idea of it. So that brutality for such a, an incredible culture. It is an incredible culture And an incredible people and a beautiful, clean, organized, wonderful country. But just let you know that like, there's no, no country that is, that is not susceptible to do horrible things and to perpetuate evil in the world. And we have to, you know, be a buttress to it, you know, to really think about our actions and to make sure that we're coming from a place of, of reflection and, and that we're doing the work of God.


And this country is a good country. I love this country. I'll fight for this country. And I I wanna raise my kids in this country. I'm not, there's no other place to go. It's like, you know, we'll just go to this other place. This is it. Yeah. This is the last stand for freedom in the world. This is it. So we're staying, we're gonna, we're gonna fix, we're gonna fight and we ain't going anywhere. And I wanna make sure whatever time I have left, and God willing, that, that God has given me my health and, and a beautiful family. I'm, whatever time I have, I wanna, I wanna make sure that the, the potentiality, the potential for my kids to have the same, to to live their dreams, this crazy kid Filipino Jew and have a chance to live his dreams, get on Saturday Night Live and say live from New York a Saturday night and to make movies that my dad could see.


I, I just, what, what an amazing, what an amazing country this is how beautiful my mother, she never thought of herself. She's, she owns that. I was American. My father was American. Her father was an American soldier. She didn't meet till she was older. So she came to San Francisco by accident. But she said, I love this country. Don't anybody ever say anything bad about this country ever. I love this country. And she did with a passion. People who come here from and had, you know, from other countries, they get it. Yeah, I know. They understand what an incredible, unique society and what this offers. So that, that was drill into my head. You know, you said he wanted to end on a prayer.


Yes. I I would, I'd, I'd like to end, I'd like to end on something that my friend said, right, right before this, this new flap in the media about me. He said, what an incredible coincidence. And there is no coincidence. Everything's meant. And this is a reflection for the day, August 10th. We've been our own worst enemies most of our lives. And we've often injured ourselves seriously as a result of a justified resentment over a slight wrong doubtless. There are many causes for resentment in the world, most of them providing justification. But we can never begin to settle all the world's grievances or even arrange things.


So as to please everybody. If we've been treated unjustly by others or simply by life itself. We can avoid compounding the difficulty by completely forgiving the persons involved and abandoning the destructive habit of reviewing our hurts and humiliations. So I would say, you know, Thank you for this time. Thank you for this time, Jesus. And allow allowing me to speak my mind and with this wonderful conversation and with my new friend Tucker, and God bless this great country and protect her children. God bless my daughter and God bless all the daughters and, and all the people that were having problems in the world.


And we Thank you for all these opportunities that you give us. In Jesus' name, we pray the name of the Father of the Son, the Holy Spirit. Amen. Amen. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson dot com.