
I'll tell you, this is a long way from being inmate number 4 0 8 9 2 4 2 4. Well, you're, I must say your prison story. I've heard a lot of prison stories is one of the most incredible I've Ever heard. Yeah. I'm writing a book about it. You should. And it's an unusual story. It's a story that starts with one President Obama, he started the whole thing. 'cause he sent someone to me to make a political deal for the senator. Ends with Trump. Okay. And in the, yeah. And most of it's about a governor in prison with Crips and Bloods gangster disciples seen Alo cartel drug dealers who look up to El Chappel. Like my daughters look up to Taylor Swift murderers. Were in there for my first three years. I lived in a six foot by eight foot prison cell. A far cry from the 50,000 square foot governor's match. Well, It's incredible. But what's incredible to me was the fact that you survived it mentally.


Not just intact, but stronger. And I just find that, I mean, if you had killed 10 people, it's not even about, I mean, I think you got screwed. Yeah. As you know, Thank you. But even if you hadn't gotten screwed, I would still be in awe of your toughness, emotional, spiritual toughness to come out. Positive, focused, not bitter. I mean, that's, that's remarkable to me. Thank, You. Thanks for saying that. No, I, I mean it. Well, it's so obvious. If I had, how long were you away? 2,896 days. One month. Short of eight years. Not that I was counting, It's just, I'm sorry to laugh at your prison sentence. No laugh. Go ahead. No, but it's just, it's remarkable.


Welcome to The Tucker. Carlson Show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else. And they're not censored, of course, because we're not gatekeepers. We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly. Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's the episode. If three years in that six foot by eight foot prison cell, you know, in the higher prison where they were squeezing me, you know, with the gang bangers, murderers, bank robbers, pedophiles, transgender people who were half woman, half man funded by you, the taxpayer mermaids. And you can't call 'em a woman or they'll throw you in the shoe, solitary confinement. They take away your good time.


So I know what it's like to live in a society that's imposing what You can even say. you know, having been there for that time. But no, you know what it was Well That's, that's such a smart point. I mean, they're basically trying to turn the country into an open air prison where they can Your behavior, your language, your thought. Yeah. Well said. Faith, hope and love is what got me home. Faith, hope and love. you know, and you know, you get those moments when you're, you find yourself in deep despair and you feel like there's no chance the system is so rigged. You can't get justice. You can't even get mercy because you fought back. No one even said, I took a penny. It was all politics. Request for campaign contributions. No quid pro quo. We knew where the lines were.


Tried me twice. And then you put your faith in the appellate court and then they, you know, they can't uphold this. The so-called sale the Senate seat because if they allow that standard government shuts down. 'cause that's all horse training. And that's what they called it. And. they were right. So they eventually reversed that. But I'm known for this. The other ones were three fundraising requests made by third parties, not even by me. And. they knew not to make any promises or threats. And they criminalized it by using a standard that the Supreme Court said wasn't the law. And it was whitewashed by the, the appellate court to protect them. And you know, you get those moments, but then you say to yourself, you, you know, it ain't about you anymore.


It's about your daughters. They were little girls when I loved home and your wife. You gotta be strong for them. And as long as you have purpose in life, You can survive anything. And Viktor Frankl wrote that book, man's Search for Meaning, Holocaust survivor. I mean, a million times worse than anything we went through. But his point was, the last of the human freedoms is our freedom to choose our own attitude in any given set of circumstances. It was very helpful. And I gotta tell you, and this is not baloney. Am I on right now? Yeah, yeah. The Bible. I mean, I was so alone in the beginning and I reached for that Bible in a way I never did before. I, I wasn't gonna bother with the Genesis or Leviticus or Deuteron. I would get caught up in who's be getting who. 'cause I would always slow me down when I try to read it.


Yeah. In the real world. I went right to the right, right to the Psalms and got inspiration. And then I moved on. I went to Isaiah and Jeremiah, then I went to the gospels. Paul, of course, and well all of them. Speaking of prison terms Exactly. In Rome. Yeah. Paul did A lot of time. He Sure did. And it just gave me strength and, and drew me closer to God. I'm not running for anything, so I'm not below, you know, giving any BS to your listeners. It was just real. And in some respects, I'm not saying it was good, but I'd have moments over the years where I would actually feel, you know, some sort of real unique connection to God. And it was somewhat like what Sol Zain had written when he was in Siberia, And.


he talked about he, he had said something like, Thank you prison for what you did for me. Because, but for what you did, I would not feel as close to God as I do now. Boy, That's just such a remarkable perspective. Such a non-American perspective. Thank you for prison. Yeah, that's what he said. Yeah. That's what he wrote. I'm not quite going that far, but No, but I think what you're saying is that suffering turned you into a different man, a better man. Yeah. I think, yes. And I think a greater appreciation for the things that really matter most in life. you know, like the people in your life that you love and the appreciation for the simple things that maybe you were, you know, a little bit less aware of. 'cause you were so busy in the race of life to get ahead. Yes.


Right. No, iPhone must have been nice. Yeah. There was no iPhone in the world at that time. When I left home, when I got home eight years later. What is this thing? Right? Wow. World changes. And that's another thing. It's humbling. Is it okay if I keep talking like this? I Hope you will. Yeah. It's like, you ain't so good. You ain't so great man. It ain't like the world waits for you. That's right. It just keeps spinning around man. Huh. That is such true. In the end, all graves go and visited, that should be on everybody's refrigerator. Wow. Your party changed very much when you were gone to, how, what did you notice when you got back? Well, I noticed this whole new thing called wokeness and cancel culture, which I wasn't aware of before I left.


I noticed the intolerance of the far left of the Democrat party. I noticed that my daughters, my little girls grew up and became vegans. Not that they're, you know, far left. That was weird. I'm sorry. I think that's it. There's nothing, you know, I'm not against, you know, whatever, eat whatever you want or whatever you, you know, don't eat what you don't want to eat. On the other hand, that's, that's like the fear of every father that your girls are gonna become vegans. 'cause it feels like it represents something else. But it Has nothing to do with diet. It's that they, you know, they feel like it's wrong to, you know, eat meat to Yeah. you know, kill an animal and it's a very sweet kind thing on their point of view. Oh, that's their thing. Oh, it's, oh, I Agree.


And then, you know, I came home to a, you know, working class neighborhood in Chicago. I mean, we live in a nice little neighborhood, but where the local Democrat party began to term socialist. And you know, the local city council people, we call 'em Alderman in Chicago, I think in 2019, my sister-in-Law was the alderman in our ward. She had inherited that seat from her father had been there for a long, long time. Yeah. And she got beat by a socialist lost by 12 votes by a socialist. That was like shocking to me. And then some of the other longstanding members of the city council were defeated by socialists. And so suddenly that was this new realization that the Democrat party at the grassroots level was radicalized.


Were they good at governing the Socialists? No, they're terrible at governing. And now we're gonna get a major property tax increase in Chicago. The mayor Brandon Johnson just announced that. And as I read that this morning, I was thinking driving here, geez, I wonder if we're gonna, we have any risk of getting carjacked up here in Bethel, Maine. Right. Because in Chicago You gotta think about those things. It's just funny. I mean it's, you know, people have all these ideologies and I'm a this or I'm in that. I believe, you know, here's my, my worldview. But I don't know, on some level it's kind of about do you make the town, the state, the country better to live in or not? And you're saying that the people who took over Chicago did not improve life? No. They've made it more unsafe.


They're unwilling to have any kind of open mind to discussion about the fact that the schools have been failing for generations. And most of the kids that are suffering are the black kids. Yeah, for sure. you know, they talked a big game about being the side of the black people, but they won't even give a black mother AdChoices or a chance to maybe try another school because the public schools are so locked in to what the teacher's unions want. And I'm not here to say that I wasn't exactly, you know, part of that Democrat party and the unions and the teachers union. You were part of it. That's why it, it's so interesting. Yeah. Well yeah, you're a product. I mean, you're the governor of the state. Right. And you came outta that world. I did. So Well that's why it's worth asking you about this. 'cause you've seen Yeah. You've seen the whole scope of it. That's Right. From the daily years to present. That's Right. And you know the Democrat party that I was in the party of the second mayor Daily.


Yeah. The party, the first mayor. Daily practical, you know, practical governance, just make people's lives better. They The best snow plowing in the United States. That's it. That's when it snowed. Chicago got plowed before the suburbs. It was I saw it. It was amazing. Yes, That's right. And not too stuck on ideology, but there were certain values that were fundamental to traditional Democrats. What were they love of country. Well, faith, family, love of country. And this Democrat party is none of those three And. there is an assault on faith in America by these Democrats, by the more radical Democrats. And it's something that has grown over the last couple of decades.


Something I saw when I was a Democratic member of Congress, I hope I don't turn your listeners off, but I supported Pelosi to be the Democrat leader when I was there. I saw even the beginnings of that when they were trying to take God out of the, you know, the, the in God we trust her. Well she Was a Catholic girl from Baltimore. Son of the mayor. Yeah. She was very, I mean, she was the son of Baltimore's mayor Daily, like kinda old school machine Democrat. Right. That's right. But, But she changed Because she's a practical politician. And so she's gravitated towards that energy in the Democrat party today, which is that Farley far left socialist Democrat party that wants to rechange America. And you say this, and I'll repeat what you say, and that is to force us and make us to try to believe things we know they're just not true.


Yes. Right. And that's this dictatorial Democrat party. But You saw hostility to Christianity when you were there. Yeah, I did Growing, Yeah. In the late nineties. I did, you know, it'd be once in a while there'd be re congressional resolutions to take God out of the, the chamber of the House chamber. And then there was the judge in Alabama, Roy Moore. Yeah. I'm proud to say that. Back in the late nineties as a Democrat congressman from the city of Chicago, I supported that judge. Why can't he put the 10 Commandments up there in his courthouse? What's wrong with the 10 Commandments? That's the foundation of our laws. It's the foundation of our values. So I support Well, that's literally true. It is the foundation of our laws. It sure is. Yeah. Yeah. So, so Why were people so hysterical about Judge Roy Moore?


I mean, they, they destroyed Judge Roy Moore. Yeah, I Know. As a person For that. I saw that from afar. Yeah. From the Deep Dark Valley. I watched all that because there's a, you know, there's an element in America and it's found a home of the Democrat Party that's all about science and absolutely nothing about religion. I think that part of the coalition is the Democrat Party. And I've been supportive of L of L-G-B-T-Q issues. But I think they feel threatened by Judeo-Christian values. And so they've become, in many respects, antagonistic to those traditional values. And these are some of the practical considerations that are part of why a lot of these Democrats have left the traditional Democrat, you know, working person's view of God and have become more apt to embrace science.


And you know, I one of the, I'm not saying there's any advantages to be in prison for a long time. Yeah. But when you got all that time and you gotta kill it, you either try to use it constructively or it'll kill you. Yes. And it was a good place to catch up on your reading. Yeah. And I, I used to read a lot of the sermons from Martin Luther King and, and one of his sermons was really powerful And. he talked about what science can do, the good things, but it's God, it's God that provides the conscience to God's science to guide science. Yes. And you know, science creates the medicines that cure people, which is great. Also created the nuclear weapons that can destroy the world. What is it that's gonna guide that? Are we gonna trust in people? I know how people can be.


I know how wicked they can be. The best and brightest can be corrupt. 'cause I know what they did to me and to my family. It was shocking to me that us attorneys could be so dishonest and corrupt and that the judge would be in on it, just go along with it. And so my faith's not in people. So Were shocked. I mean, obviously you distressed it happened to you, but you were shocked that it happens. Yes. I thought they were the good, I was a Cook County prosecutor when I started out, you know, in a low level. Yeah. Daley, the second mayor of Daley at the time was the elected Cook County states attorney And. he was my boss. So he's way up high. And I'm a traffic court. Right. Just starting out. Yeah. There were like 800 of US assistants. Big, you know, big office. I ended up in the misdemeanor branch courts and then I went into private practice. So I never met him when I worked for him.


It was only until I became an elected official. And then in 10 short years, I became the governor. He was the mayor. He still thought I worked for him, by the way, going back. Yeah. But That's a fraught relationship always between Chicago mayor and Illinois governor anyway, isn't it? Yeah, I think so. But I, I, I think that he's practical and, you know, these democrats, you know, have programs and stuff that they want to pay for and, you know, bloated budgets are not a priority. And even the old school Democrats, that's not a priority. It's, you know, jobs and Yeah. you know, opportunities for people who've helped and that kind of thing. But the point I wanted to make about Daley was when I worked in that state's attorney's office, you know, I, I learned a lot about how, you know, prosecutors operated And.


they were all right. Mostly good. But I imagine that the federal US attorneys who went to the better schools, you know, I could never have a chance to be one of them Right. Grades. I was a gentleman c scholar in law school that these people had to be really smart, really bright And. they had to be super honest compared to the local democratic prosecutors. Yeah. Many of whom, you know, had some political backing to get their jobs. And I discovered they are s in, in my case anyway, I'm not, I don't wanna speak generally about everybody, but they're so corrupt. You can't get a fair trial if they're, well Look at Andrew Weissman, you know, it's the very top was a truly evil man. Evil. And you know, Weissman I'm sure is a, was smart.


Clever anyway. And certainly well credentialed and has almost unchecked power. I mean, it's crazy that that exists. So he destroyed Arthur Anderson with fake law. That's what they did to me. Fake law. They just make it up. They just move lines to get the convictions. The Supreme Court took the case and Weissman's Standard that used to destroy Arthur Anderson and cost all those people jobs. Nine to nothing. The Supreme Court ruled he was wrong. That wasn't the law. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So he destroyed the co And what does he get for that? He gets rewarded by being some big commentator on cnn. And people listen to this guy, like, he's like, he's honest. I It's disgusting. It is Disgusting. So What I, not to get sidetracked. Sure. What are the, what is the daily fam, I think Rich Daley still alive, right? Yes. Yes. What do they think of the modern democratic party?


Kamala Harris, Joe Biden. Like what do they think of that? So Bill Dailey. Yeah, yeah, of course. Ran for Mayor of Chicago while I was in prison. Yeah. And shockingly got his ass kicked in the new Chicago. And that's when Lori Lightfoot was elected. Yeah. The new kind of mayor in Chicago. Right. She was a big failure in, she got defeated soundly. But the fact that a daily could lose in Chicago was another reminder that boy times have changed Different population in Chicago, though Very different demographic now. The city that used to be, you know, diverse racially, you know, a very strong still, you know, black population. Yeah. Still in the poor, bad rough neighborhoods. Big Latino population. But it was a city of white working class white ethnics.


Yeah. Eastern European people. That's right. Large Polish population. sls. That's right. That element is gone now. you know, they two, three generations. They've worked hard to build better lives for themselves. They taken advantage, like our friend Philip over here. Yeah. Working hard to make the American dream. They've moved upward outta the city and into, you know, more affluent suburbs. But they were the basis of the City. They sure were. And they've been replaced by these young, you know, young, new generation, not very politically aware, you know, probably driven by the social issues more than anything else. you know, the woman's right to choose those kinds of issues.


Right. So they've been replaced by affluent white inherited money kids. That's right. And illegal aliens, Generally speaking. That's exactly right. Right. So That's, that's always the model. It's rich white women in illegal aliens working in tandem to destroy civilization. It is in cities across the country. Yeah. That is the model, the unhappiest people. And the most, you know, the, the people with the least power, who just can be used as cannon fodder for the program of the unhappiest people. So, but do you know what the dailies think of this? Like watching their city become a joke? Well, look, yeah, I know that I, I know Rich Dailey better than Bill Dailey.


I knew him. I know him both. And then there's John Dailey, the younger one, and the father, I mean, this is not their Democratic party. No. And Mayor Daley, who's in his early eighties now, he hosts a Christmas party every year. And I get invited, I get to see him, and he's had a couple of strokes. And then he hosts the St. Patrick's Day parties. You can imagine. of course he does. I think he's quietly gonna vote for Trump, So, oh, I'm Sure. Yeah. And I Bill Daley, maybe not because he's sort of, you know, he was more like Bill Daley didn't win elected office. He was more of the appointed guy, you know. Yeah. He Worked for Bill Clinton. That's right. And. he still, That's right. And well, I don't wanna demean him, but he doesn't have the same kind of testicular virility. He gotta have to be in the arena and be good at it.


you know what I'm saying? Run Chicago is not an easy thing. That's right. As, as the current mayor is proving, You know. That's right.


No, I, until not that long ago, the 1990s, the US government classified encryption as a form of munitions and strictly controlled. Its used. In other words, encryption was considered a dangerous weapon. Both technology and law have changed a lot since then. But it's still true that encryption is a powerful weapon against a defensive weapon, against an entire army of bad actors who want to invade your privacy on the internet and then profit from it or control you. Thankfully today, you have the right to use encryption to protect yourself. You don't have to be a sophisticated computer programmer. You don't have to code in order to do it. Instead, You can use a simple app called Express. VPN Express. VPN automatically encrypts and reroute your internet connection through secure servers. and that makes everything you do online private. No one can monitor, record, manipulate, or profit from what you do online without getting your consent. You have your freedom back without encryption. Your internet service provider can legally sell everything you do, your browsing history to whomever they want. And data brokers can track your activity across every site you visit, and then sell that information to marketers. But Express VPN makes it very, very easy to shut out all of those third parties, which is why we use it here. You tap one button and when the app turns green, you are private. Your connection cannot be seen. And ExpressVPN works in every device you have, your phone, laptop, tablet, you name it, it works. So. if you get it today, you get an extra three extra months of ExpressVPN for free. Just by using this special link, you go to ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker, that's ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker, and get three extra months for free and begin to protect yourself.


The US is the biggest consumer of human trafficking. While Latina women are the most exploited, Kamala and Biden have been the exploiters in chief by not protecting the border, nor women and children, Jesus said, let the little children come to me. God has intervened by placing his hand on Donald Trump to protect them from exploitation. And God intervened by inspiring Bob Unanue to say we're All truly blessed to have a leader like President Trump. Read about this and more in Bob's new bestselling book, Les Donald J. Trump in the Spiritual War, available now on Amazon America.


It's time for a redecoration of independence. We're amid a hostile takeover. The globalists and their political henchmen are seeking control of you. and America A group of patriots, inspired by Tucker Carlson. s famous call to bravery have written a redecoration of independence, demanding that our representatives go to Washington and begin dismantling the Washington political empire. Go to redecoration dot org. That's s redecoration dot org. Read sign. and Forward Red Declare. Your Independence today.


So What role did Obama play? What did, I mean, I think most people thought Obama was like a sign that America was getting healthier, healing from, you know, past trauma and all that. He was a sign of hope and then it just got super evil. But when did you realize that Obama was not what he seemed to be? And what role did he play in the disaster in your life? He started the whole thing. you know, my story, the, the book that I'm writing is a story that started with him on election night in 2008. It was magical. you know, first black person, half black. Yeah. you know, mom from Kansas, dad from Kenya, elected president. I've known him since 1995.


We both came up together in politics, had good relationships. I was introduced to him by a guy by the name of Tony Resco. He, I think that name is familiar to you. Who's not nearly what the guy he's who's been portrayed, I mean businessman. Very practical, extremely generous to Obama, and good to Obama. Helpful to both of us raising money and things like that. And when I was elected governor, he would come to me with requests from Obama. And, you know, a lot of it were appointments to high positions in state government. I was two years ahead of Obama in terms of going to the next level. 'cause I was the first Democrat governor elected in Illinois in 2002. And with this long and hard to pronounce last name, which was kind of cutting edge at the time. 'cause for the most part, Illinois was electing guys with Anglo names.


Irish names. Sure. you know, we had Thompson and we had Edgar and we had Ryan before me. All Those guys went to prison. Well, Ryan did. Yeah. Yeah. Thompson put Governor Kerner in prison. That's another story. But, and then I won. It's Like being a first lieutenant in Vietnam. The odds are bad. Right. Exactly. Right. Yeah. The death. Right. But I think in some respects, I'm, you know, I, I should apologize to the American people 'cause I might have had something to do with Obama's success. 'cause I think he saw that I, if I won and I could win downstate in the rural areas, and you know, deep southern Illinois, which is the American South, a guy like me from Chicago, he could do it. And with a name, you can't say his name, he could do it. And two years later he did And.


he got the opportunity to give that speech in Boston, which was his William Jennings Bryant moment. Right? Oh yeah. And. he electrified the crowd with that speech. I was there. Yeah. So was I, I turned to Bobby Rush, the congressman, former Black Panther. I said, Bobby, just think about that. As soon as he got done with that speech, you're the only guy who's ever beaten that guy in an election. 'cause Obama challenged him in 19 80, 98. Oh, I, but no, I thought Obama was all right. you know, kind of cold and impersonal, but Okay. And I was happy to be helpful, but he's one of the more selfish people in politics on a one-on-one level. And he's not pure, like the driven snow in the sense of his ethics or morality. And you know, Tony Ruco is the guy who bought this lot next to Obama's home.


And one of the things I write about in my book is that when I was governor first and then Barack won in 2004, I was asked to make a phone call on behalf of Michelle Obama. 'cause as soon as he won the Senate race, she wanted a job either at Northwestern University or the University of Chicago Hospitals for two to $300,000 a year. The, the wife of the new senator. And I was asked, would you call, and was She specific about how much she wanted? Yeah. And She was specific about salary. Yeah. And, and I think two, they, northwestern we should double check this, but I th my recollection is, is good. I think Northwestern was willing to pay $200,000 to hire her. This is the wife of the new US Senator and federal money for, you know, Medicaid and Medicare, things like that.


And then they got a better offer at the University of Chicago, which is in Hyde Park, where they're from, 300,000. And she ended up working there. And, and I'd called to help because, you know, you help people in politics and the guy's wife wants a job, I'll make a phone call. He didn't get it. She didn't get it. 'cause of me. But it didn't help to have, didn't hurt to have the governor call and say, Hey, The second Obama gets elected, Michelle says, I want a job. Yep. At one of two hospitals for between two and three, 300. That's Thousand. Yeah. And she ended up working at the University of Chicago Hospital, almost certain $300,000 a year. And so Ruco was really helpful, really helpful to Obama. And, and so when the investigations against me heated up, it had to do with fundraising.


And Tony was part of that. And I gotta say this Tony suffered. He spent eight years in prison. I don't know whether those things that they said he did were even legal based on what they did to me. I'm not so sure they were illegal. Had nothing to do with my administration. They were business matters. But Obama just ran from him, did nothing to help him. And you know, pretends like he never knew him. And yet the moment he became senator, she gets that 300,000 a year job with a little help, tiny little bit of help from me with a phone call. And then they buy this mansion in the Kenwood neighborhood, which is Hy Park Chicago. Beautiful old mansions where the family of Leopold and Loeb, they lived.


Yeah. Right. So A lot of sickos in that neighborhood going back a hundred years. Well those guys, those two boys were, yeah, yeah, they were. Right. I mean, it's a bashing of, you know, liberal America there. Dickie Loeb. What, so what happened was the Obama's bought this mansion. Now he's the new senator. The first thing they do is buy a mansion. I guess he felt like I was getting a match. 'cause I was the governor. It wasn't mine. But I got the use of a 50,000 square foot governor's mansion. I guess they wanted their own, so they, they could only afford 750,000. So they, they purchased the lot with the house on it, the mansion on it. But they couldn't afford the adjoining lot. So they asked Resco to buy it for him.


And he did. And my understanding of the federal investigations with me were also connected to Obama. That these guys were apparently looking into that and some other things along the way, the dynamic changed. And Obama started moving up in the presidential race. And here again, I, this is something I like to take back, but I was the first governor in America to endorse him for president. I'm greater personal relationships from Illinois And. he was running against Hillary. So it wasn't hard. Yeah. But what ultimately happened was, you know, he, when he started rising Axelrod, David, who used to work for me and then went on to Obama, I, I knew what they were doing.


They were for political reasons. They were, you know, influencing the media to pretty much lay Tony me up more than, than o than Obama. I was more toed up. And Tony was a supporter and a friend. And, he was. And, and, and I liked Tony in spite of everything that's happened to him. But Obama knew him and loved him longer. And Tony had done more for Obama over the years than he did for me. And ultimately, politically and in the media, the media just conveniently ignored Greco's relationship to Obama. They would give it very little coverage. And it was all about me and Tony. So Axel Rudd worked for you? He did. When I was a congressman, when I ran for Congress. What's he like? He's very smart. you know, I, I like him a lot.


His son was an intern for me. His son Michael. He's a great kid. He's grown up now. No, I like David a lot, but he's a very practical guy and he's very ambitious politically. And you know, it's a rough and tumble business. And you know, when his interests collide with yours, you know, His one out, He will exercise what's in his. Yeah. And I think a lot of the political consultants are that way. He denies saying this, but he did. When, when Kerry had been beaten by Bush in 2004. And the Democrats all felt like Kerry was gonna win. In fact, Kerry was getting some massage in Boston that night, election night. And, and what's the guy's name? He used to write great speeches for Ted Kennedy.


Bob Shrm. shrm SHRM watched and said, he walked in and told him something like, I'd hear this stuff from the Democrat world. you know, let me be the first one to congratulate you, Mr. President. Right? Remember that. And then the next morning, He goes, finally concluded that Bush one, Ohio. Right? I knew them all Very Well. And shrm, you know, had good qualities. He's smart. But what a tote. What a professional fator of politicians. It's just really disgusting. So that was a Tuesday, right? And then of course Wednesday I get a phone call at about six in the evening, I'm at home election's over David Ro. Now he denies this, but it happened And, he said, you know, the Democrats Hillary's the front runner in 2008.


but we too liberal, too disliked. Kerry should have won. He couldn't. We're looking for a new face. Somebody from the heartland of America. That's what he called it. You need to have an open mind about thinking about running for president and challenging Hillary in 2008. Now at that time he had Obama, Obama was his candidate for the Senate. He had been a consultant. Obama won And. he was, had that great speech. And you know, he was, but I think David wasn't quite sure that maybe America was ready to elect a black person. So he's in the business of being a consultant and he's make wanted to make sure he has, has a horse in the race. 'cause the Clinton's already had their people. He had Edwards in 2004 and didn't go well. Yeah, yeah. So he's looking for candidates for president.


So Vack, do You remember that name very well. Iowa, me in Illinois and Obama, the three of us, And, he was trying, he was probably positioning himself to see which one of us might have the, the better chance. And, he picked the right horse eventually 'cause Obama was the right one. And of course, Obama's success and, and my calamity parallel. Right? And so you asked me, this is a long answer to your question about F 55 minutes ago. Well what did Obama have to do with my, my problems was election night we're there. And a labor boss by the name of Tom Balanoff, service employees union, big supporter of both of us, came up to me, this grant park in Chicago, beautiful weather, magical historic night, And.


He said, Barack called me last night. He wanted me to talk to you about Valerie Jarrett. He'd like her very close friend of Michelle Obama. By the way, he'd like you to point her to the United States senate. 'cause the governor has to appoint the senator. And he wanted me to ask you what you would want. Can I call you and come and see you and make an appointment? I said, of course. Call me tomorrow. We'll set something up this week. That's how it started. And then at the next day I got done running. I went out and ran like eight, eight miles that day. Seven miles. I, I'm just loosening up. I'm laying on my little family room floor stretching. I'm my back and I'm talking to one of my aides and I said, a balanoff called, apparently Obama sent him to me. Obama sent him to me. He wants to make a deal on the Senate seat.


What, what should we do? What should we think about getting legal stuff? Not, you know, gimme cash or anything which would be illegal political horse trading. Which eventually is what the Supreme Court, I mean the appellate Court said it was. And then I say, and you know, unless I do something, you know, significant, this will be in my obituary. I said, so-and-so has suggested that we just kiss his ass and give him wherever he wants. But that seems like that would be political malpractice. And we have a golden opportunity. We have a real opportunity here to, you know, do something meaningful. And then I said, I know this is effing golden. I'm not giving enough or nothing. Right. I'm known for that. And you didn't realize this was being taped.


I didn't realize it. But let me say something to your listeners. When you're in Chicago politics and the ethics and that place and the way they do business and the way the feds not wrongly necessarily try to set people up to see whether or not they're, they'll take a temptation. They send people in to give you, offer you cash and stuff like that. You'd be a, an idiot if you don't think they may be listening. I, it wasn't, I had been under federal investigations for five years. I knew it because of the RU coast stuff and some other stuff. People who, who were supporters of mine and Obama. I mean I thought it's all very possible. And everything I'm talking about doing is legal. And I was super careful because I was under such intense federal investigation at that time to make sure that anything I talked about doing, I checked with my governor's lawyer and lawyers and my lawyer was on the, on average and all these FBI tapes, they taped my calls.


To this day, 98% of those tapes are covered up under a court seal. The judge would not allow us to talk about how my lawyer was on those calls three times a day. 'cause at that point, you know, now you know they're coming. You wanna be absolutely careful that whatever you do on this Senate seat is legal. Oh yeah. And so you, you're throwing out all kinds of ideas. 'cause you do have this effing gold in opportunity. We talked about Oprah for a couple of days. All these crazy ideas and everybody wanted it. Everybody wanted me to point them. As You can imagine. And you know, and through third parties are suggesting deals that were political. They weren't illegal. Some had suggested money and campaign funds, which would've been illegal. And, but I would talk to my lawyer, you know, three times a day.


And And, he, he was advising me In fact one call I say something like, you know, we're trying, we're discussing a creative way to create a nonprofit political action committee to help support the advancement of access to healthcare. Which was a big issue for me when I was governor and Obama was talking about doing Obamacare and all this at the federal level. And some of the people that had put our healthcare plans together in Illinois went on to work for Obama. And so the question was whether or not there was something that we could do to be helpful to push it further in Illinois and do something and could we put together a 5 0 1 C3 or a 5 0 1 c four. Obama gets some of these big rich Democrats who give money to him to put in our thing and can we, you know, perhaps make the deal on the Senate seat for something like this.


And so I say to the lawyer and to one of my aides, I say, I mean, how do you do a deal like that? I mean it's gotta be legal. Obviously I'm on the tape saying that a couple years go by, I'm at my second trial 'cause they failed to convict me on their corrupt charges, the first trial and that they're gonna play that tape against me and I'm be actually charged one of my, the crimes. It was that phone call. How do you do a deal like that? I mean, it's gotta be legal. Obviously I'm asking, I don't even know if you could do it. I'm just thinking out loud. And, they criminalized it. But surely I'm gonna get acquitted on this. But the jury instruction was custom tailored to fit these conversations.


To tell the jury that those things were criminal And. they can commit, convict anybody if they do that, if they decide, for example, that this conversation you and I are having And, they come, you know, they charge us and then they gotta prove it before a jury And. they got a judge that's willing to do, do anything they want them to do. All they gotta do is just write up a jury instruction. 12 laymen average, everyday ordinary people aren't lawyers aren't in politics. Just tell 'em this is against the law and they'll make the right decision. They'll convict you of this conversation. 'cause they're told by the judge and the prosecutors, it's against the law. So, big picture, why do you think they did this to you? The Democratic establishment did this to you. Well they were bush prosecutors that started it.


Here's what I think happened. So it's Gerald. That's right. That guy's so dirty and rotten and corrupt. I've noticed. Yeah. Here's what they, so they came at six o'clock in the morning and arrested a sitting governor. I mean I was Roger's stone years before Roger's Stone, right? My little girls are sleeping at, you know, ready, gonna get up shortly for school with my little one at the time was five and she was in bed with us. And I got up at six. I was gonna actually go run that it winter. I was gonna go run, had my running clothes laid out, phone rang. And I thought it was a friend of mine. The guy says, I, we have a warrant for your arrest and the agent so and so, and I had state police security all the time as the governor.


And I thought it was a friend of mine. I, I say this a lot 'cause he's like that. When I really did, I said, come on State Senator Jimmy Delio. And I said, come on Jimmy, stop effing around six o'clock in the morning. But it wasn't him, it was really the FBI with a warrant. I think they, they got me handcuffed me, drove me to their facility by four hours later by 10 o'clock. They were good cop And. they had me in. And you're not a bad guy. We listened to all your tapes. You're just the product, the Chicago politics. They wanted me to cooperate. I believed my interpretation was they wanted me to talk about Obama. I don't think they were ever gonna go after Obama at that point, first black president. But I think they wanted to see whether or not I would, here's a prison term snitch on The president elect.


And then go back and hi to him and say that they probably told him that anyway. 'cause they lie. In any event, I said there's, you know, I was never involved in any wrongdoing with him. I don't know whether he d he's involved in anything of that sort. I can tell you I'm not. And I got nothing to talk about. Whatever I discussed was politics. And then they got it. They changed their attitude. They shipped me to another facility, the court building and put me in a small little cell And. they had me next to this really angry guy all caught up on PCP, you know, screaming and MF And. he had no clue that he was right next to the governor. you know, I'm doing pushups in there 'cause I'm thinking I'm is really going, this is really a bad day and this is gonna be really bad.


And may, but maybe at some point I wanna be able to say that while I was in the heat of the moment, I still was strong enough to do some pushups in my cell. So I did pushups in there. So I can say that I did it right. And plus If you're gonna join a gang, you need to be buff. Yeah. There's some truth to that. Yeah. Anyway, so I think, and then they went to Obama the next day. And they did, they interviewed him. They call him three oh twos FBI I three oh twos. Every criminal defendant is entitled under the Constitution to have evidence that could exonerate him or her. And Obama's three oh twos are relevant, directly relevant to my case to this day. They won't give it to us. What Obama said, And, he publicly contradicted what the labor boss Boff had said that he had come to me the night before.


'cause it all started that way. And Boff had testified under oath twice in two trials that he said that Obama had called him And. they sent him over to me and you know, it was about talking about a political deal. And Obama publicly said no, what he said on those FBI three oh twos might contradict that. I don't know if you lie to the FBI, you know, it's a crime. So I think what what happened was, because it's unusual, and you know this, the new president doesn't keep the US attorney from the previous president, especially if it's the other party, of course. But suddenly now they made a deal with Obama. We'll leave you alone. You keep us here until we get him.


And it wasn't until they got me at the second trial years later that they all went into private practice and became partners of big firms making millions of dollars. One lady, one of 'em became a judge. But Fitzgerald's a partner in a big law firm, the lead pros, the lead prosecutor partner in a big law firm. And the moment that they got their convictions against me at the second trial, that's where they went. And I think the reason Obama did nothing to be helpful while I'm in there and after being in prison for, well, five and a half, six, six and a half years, I was unusual, unlike the 151,000 federal inmates, I was probably the only guy who was able to get, this is the vernacular prison. My paperwork in front of two presidents, Axelrod was getting my request for a commutation from Obama on Obama's desk.


He gave him letters from, you know, my two daughters, my young daughters to The president Obama's daughters are is are the same age as mine. And I'd done already six and a half years asking for clemency. And we recognized the politics of him and you know, his image and walking outta the White House in January 20th, 2017. So we're not even gonna have it be where someone might have a, you know, the screenshot of him leaving the White House and me leaving the big house at the same time because we were connected to the case. But why don't you just cut my sentence in half from 14 years. I never took a penny. It was request for campaign contributions and a political deal you wanted to make.


Right. Just cut my sentence from 14 years to seven, which would be higher than anybody governor's ever gotten from Illinois, who's been in prison, probably maybe the longest actual time served of any governor. And I'll limp out prison in October of 2017. And it should look promising in the days leading up to that because a few days before that he had provided, he had released from prison a member of the FALN, the Puerto Rican terrorist group that was blowing up federal building. So you should have been a Puerto Rican terrorist. This guy got got released by Obama a few days before. And I'm thinking, Ooh, that's a good sign for me. Right? Yeah. And then a guy got 35 years in prison for treason against the United States.


His name was Bradley Manning. He went, went into prison as Bradley Manning came outta prison. Chelsea Manning through the largest of the taxpayers. Obama cut him, cut her loose after six years or seven years. I'm thinking I'm easy compared to these two. And, and I had members of congress, Democrats who had served with Ro asking him to do it. And he didn't do it. And I think it's because he made a deal with them. They were basically said, we'll leave you alone. You don't interrupt, get involved in any of this and you don't help him. That's what I think. But here's what's interesting and it shows a lot about the kind of person Trump is.


And all through this process, these long, hard years and the years of, you know, dashed hopes and expectations. 'cause there was no way we could lose our appeal. These things are legal. Then you figure then they, then they reverse the Senate seat after I'm in prison for three and a half years and vacate my sentence. Now I have no sentence. So I went from 14 years to no years for a year, which was EAs easy, easier time to do. 'cause when you're looking, you know, you, you walk into prison in March of 2012, March 15th, and your exit day is May, 2024. Right? That's a long hard road.


So you've tried to break up and psychologically you try to break up that time, right? So you say, okay, let's get from here to the first, the appeal. We're gonna have hopes that we can win that. Though deep down, you just know you've seen enough of this system to know you're dead. Right? But you all clinging to that hope. They can't uphold the Senate seat. They reverse it. Now, I have no sentence. I discussed with my attorney, when do we go back to re-sentencing? They gotta give you a sentence. You go back to the same judge, let's just wait a year. I'll just stay here. I'll keep, you know, working out, reading and just trying to grow. And then we will go back to this judge when I will have served almost five years more than just about anybody.


I mean, nobody in American history other than me has served a single day in prison for a fundraising violation. And this wasn't even a violation, but let's assume the worst that it was. No one had did a single day. And my lawyer presented this to the judge. There's not a single case and letters. My little girls had grown up. They gave beautiful presentations in court. I, I'm, I'm video from Colorado in prison for the re-sentencing August 9th, 2016. Okay. So I go from no sentence, the centerpiece of the case was a big lie to begin with. It was never a crime. No sale of the Senate seat. No sentence back before the judge. I've been a, well-behaved inmate.


We submit well over a hundred letters from my colleagues, guys that I helped. Good guys. I'm criminals. But I learned a lot of these guys aren't bad guys. Some are really bad, some are pretty good guys. They're just, you know, have gone the wrong way and got bad habits. We submit the letters and there's real expectation that I, I'll go home. He puts me back at 14 years and I hear my older daughter sobbing in the courtroom after they gave these beautiful presentations. I'm watching my little girls who've groan and I'm so proud of them. And look how you know how sweet and nice and smart they are. And boy Patty did a great job raising them. you know, all these things I'm thinking at this re-sentencing.


But here's where God comes in. And this whole miracle of how I eventually got home and that Donald Trump would be the instrument. See, this is part of what I read about my book. I, I got to know him a little bit on Celebrity Apprentice, a show I never watched. But after they took everything away from me and I had no income and I was an honest governor. Didn't get rich in the business. He was getting these opportunities to do these, you know, an enter one place that You can actually make a living when you got this leprosy is an entertainment. Yeah, exactly. No one wants to come near you when you got it. Understandably. But you're better than Diddy. So You can still, You can still get paid. Yeah. So yeah, I turned down a bunch of really bad stuff like being a greeter at, on a HBO show called the Bunny Ranch.


It's a whore house in Henderson, Nevada. They offered me six figures. They thought I was perfect for the role 'cause I was such a scoundrel in the media. Right. I turned it down. The guy's name was Dennis Hoff. you know, I know him well. Yeah, yeah. Nice guy. Yeah, he was, but I couldn't I can. I got two little girls. I'm not doing that. Anyway, but Trump show can't calling. 'cause he saw me on television fighting back. And so I did Celebrity Apprentice. This is October, 2009 that we tape it, it airs in like March, 2010. My first trial is June, 2010. And, he, he was so good to me. He was so sympathetic. He was so kind. People don't realize on a personal level, trump's a kind-hearted person.


Very different from most politicians. And the direct opposite of a cold, selfish, completely practical Obama. Right? So when Obama passes me by back to the re-sentencing on the 9th of August, the judge puts me back at 14 years. My daughter's sobbing in the courtroom. I can't see her, but I hear it. Hope is gone now. Right? But here's how God works. He sends me more hope because that afternoon Trump's given a speech in North Carolina. It's running against Hillary And. he starts talking about crooked Hillary, right? And before the audience starts chanting, lock her up, lock her up, he says, and then there's this governor from Illinois, blah, blah, blah.


They just gave him 14 years, again, 14 years. He's a choir boy next to Hillary. Something like that. Trump's got me on his radar, right? And I'm thinking, because I believe I know politics. I think he's gonna beat her even from a foreign prison. I felt he was gonna beat her. 'cause he was different And. he was standing up to stuff. He wasn't backing down like typical politicians do. And I thought, wow. So if Obama doesn't do it, who knows And. he was so good to me on that show. Well, he didn't do it. Obama, the 20th of January, one month later, Trump's been president for one month. I get called into the case manager's office, And, they, they have a form I have to sign. It's a waiver.


I have to, if I agree to allow the White House, pardon office to get my prison records, of course I'll, what do I sign? Right? So I signed it. Two things Trump's looking out to, wants to see whether or not, you know, I was a well-behaved inmate, there's a way perhaps where he can send me home. And Obama was never gonna do it because they never asked for my records. And what that did for me was it gave me hope for the next couple of years. And then after the Supreme Court didn't take our case, God bless you, my friend, me and my homies and prison watching my wife on your show on a Monday in the spring of 2018. The Supreme Court turned me down that weekend, that Monday evening you had Patty, my wife Patty on.


Yeah. I'll never forget it. Yeah. And I, and you were fantastic and, and I, I'm really grateful to you. Forgiveness. Oh my gosh. Well there's nothing more beautiful than a loyal spouse. Yeah, she's amazing, isn't she? Yeah, I agree with that strongly. So when you see going through everything that you did, when you see the FBI raid Mar-a-Lago in the summer of 2022. What do you think? Dejavu all over again. Yeah. These lion scumbags. Yeah. Weaponized their politicians, their political agents, kg BSO style police, state politics in America. And the Democrats have embraced it. The Bush administration started it. But this Fitzgerald is his own guy. And Comey and Fitzgerald are real close. Of course they Are. And there's no doubt in my mind that what they did to me at the AAA level, to a Democrat governor, they said, Ooh, we can get away with this.


Let's do it to Trump, a Republican president at the Major League level. And that's exactly what this whole Russian collusion bullshit was all about. And I'm watching this from prison, and I, I know all of it. I recognize it. I know the tactics, I know how. But the stuff they say to the media, how they leak stuff and how they lie, their political operatives, our country is on the crossroads, on the threshold. I mean, so important to elect Trump for a thousand reasons. This might be the most important one of them, because if we lose this, the ability in America to elect our leaders without the intervention of prosecutors criminalizing things that aren't crimes for politics, the voters don't have any choices. Free and fair elections don't matter. It's all rigged like they do in like the old Soviet Union.


What did Barry say? Show me the man. I'll show you the crime. Exactly. Yeah.


When we started this show, we were looking for a very specific sponsor. We wanted to find a company that could send us good meat better than anything you could buy in a grocery store. They didn't have a lot of weird hormones in it, or chemicals, just good meat from the United States. And we found one, and we are proud to partner with them. They're called Merriweather Farms And. they produce all natural beef. And we are proud to be in business with them. We eat it. Our viewers have been buying it and loving it. We've got all kinds of positive reviews. Again, this is a sponsor we're proud to have. So Merriweather Farms that a new product, in addition to the steaks that we have almost Every night here, and the burgers all shipped directly to your house. They have a new line of snacks, including single serve beef sticks, one of which is right here on the table. Unlike store bought bought alternatives, which You can buy at convenience stores, these are made the United States in Wyoming at their facility, and they're free of nitrates. MSG, mystery meat and other weird stuff you don't want in your mouth. Like all the products that Merriweather Farms makes, they are made fresh. They've got simple ingredients, all of which You can pronounce and recognize, and they're delicious and good for you. If you use our special promo code, TCN 24 checkout, they're about a buck 50 a piece. It's a perfect on-the-Go protein boost if you need one, or if you've got kids or sports want something to keep in your car or truck, super easy and good for you, check out Merriweather Farms today. You will taste the difference. It's, again, better than anything You can buy at the grocery store, and it comes right to your house.


So, I mean, we have a media protected, you know, first line item in the Bill of Rights is, as you know, in order to push back against the abuse of power by the government, And, they don't seem to be playing that role. They're assigned role. They're, you know, they're the role that duty would compel them to play. They seem to be like covering for the people in power. Oh man. Duty would compel them to play. Yeah. The fourth estate, a free press and a free society. You don't have that to check power. Yeah, we're dead. Right. So that's kind of what I naively thought when I'm sitting in the backseat of the FBI vehicle handcuffed behind my hands, I'm the governor of Illinois, that's the fifth largest state in America, right?


I'm now, they got me. And I said, well, what's this about? And the guy said, the sale of the Senate seat. I said, what? First of all, you gotta be a horse's ass to think that You can get away with something like that. I'm gonna steal, I'm gonna sell Obama se any presidents. But Obama at that time, he was a demi god elevated by the media. Okay. All superficial bullshit about how great he is. But I'm gonna be that stupid where I'm gonna actually try to sell his Senate seat. And I'm already under intense federal investigation for Brisco and some of these other guys. And, you know, activists in politics and stuff, and they're trying to find crimes. They can't find 'em for five years. So now this, I'm thinking the media, they're not so great, but the media is certainly gonna laugh them outta court before they get into court.


Who'd be so stupid to do something like that. And the reality was, they were all over it because it was just too super sensational to pass up. It sold newspapers was good for ratings. So they're more interested in the storyline than the truth. Abrogating their responsibility to all of us as citizens, to keep an eye on the power. And the government has no power. These federal prosecutors have all the power, unchecked power, not foreseen by our founding fathers. When they divided our government, they didn't know that there'd be a branch out of the executive part of the government. That a, an agency out of the executive branch that would grow like a cancer there originally going after the Al Capones of the world.


Right. And now taking that power to all kinds of levels to turn into a political, and it becomes The secret police. There you go. Yeah. This is why the work that you do tuck are, I mean, you're so nice to me, but I'm grateful to you for what you do. And others like you are fighting for free, you know, freedom and Elon Musk and these guys, Which is so corrupt. I mean, and I think it's important to say out loud what it is, which again, is corrupt and evil. Corrupt and evil. Yeah. So does, I mean, does Trump have a, well, in a fair election, do you think Trump will win? Oh, yeah. If, if fair election, he wins every one of those battleground states with some cushion. Yeah. It's another thing I wanna say to your listeners. They should listen to me on this sort of stuff. you know, in a fair election, one thing I've been good at in life is winning elections.


I run 14 of 'em, seven or eight were really hard primaries, really hard to, up against other Democrats, you know, running against Republicans for governor in Illinois, being the first Democrat to win after 26 years. Those are really competitive races. So I'm giving me high marks. I'm an expert witness when it comes to politics, understanding the mood of the voters, sensing them, not just what the polling says actually. Right. It's more instinctive what you saw at Madison Square Garden. Yes. When you gave that great speech, I saw the crowds there. They're not Nazis. You know what, they're, they're white people and they're black people. Exactly. They're Hispanics, and they're Asian, they're old And, they're young, they're good, decent, hardworking, forgotten Americans.


Yes. And there's more of them that aren't. And they're, they've learned to know what's being done to them and how our country is setting the priorities that go against their interests now. So blatantly for those who don't legally come to the United States, they're not stupid. And I, I believe if this election is run fairly, it's gonna be a 19 or a 2024 version of 1980 when the country made, its this choice between Reagan and Carter. By the first or second week in of October And, he started shifting and going towards Reagan, ended up winning, you know, maybe 49 states or something. That won't happen now because the demographic in America is different, the ball games, those battleground states.


But if I'm right about this, Trump will sweep all of them and might be competitive in states like Virginia maybe, or Minnesota even. Keep an eye on that. We'll see. But I, I'm very hopeful, and as Reagan used to say, cautiously optimistic. Well, it does Seem, I mean, I'd bet my house on the proposition that Trump is more popular than Kamala Harris. And more people in those seven states will vote for Trump than Kamala Harris. But that doesn't mean that he's gonna be president. What do you think will actually happen? Well, that's a good question. I couldn't imagine what happened in 2020 and you can't really talk about it.


But I have tremendous skepticism about all of that. I was asked after that election about, you know, well, You literally can't talk about it. And if we talk about that, we'll, this will be taken off YouTube. Yeah. Well, Why do you think that is? Why do you, I mean, if somebody says, you know, we can talk about anything you want except this one thing. Yeah. What does That tell you? It's, well, you look at those FBI I tapes, I wanna play 98% of 'em. Right. They're, they're on. Yeah. They won't let, they wouldn't let me play em in court even to prove my innocence. So. Right. If you're hiding, hiding something, there's a reason. Right. They're the ones that are lying. Yeah, of course. They're the ones who did it. But I think that, I, I think that so much, I think there's such a movement for Trump right now.


I think there's such a movement for, against what's happening. And I think the testicular virility, that great courage Trump showed at that moment when he got shot, yes. Butler elevated him to a very different place. He's no longer your typical politician. Right. So I think he represents something that's really powerful. And You can just see all the things that are unfolding. And here's another reason why I feel very good about this election. The public polls, whatever they are, I never relied on those. We had our polling and we, it, it guided how we ran the race and what the strategy was to run and win. And, you know, that the other side has their polling too. And in all likelihood, it's probably as good as yours.


So they know what, you know, they're seeing what you're seeing. And So, if you really wanna know how the campaigns are going, just watch the candidates where they go, what they say, what they do, and what they're running on. And Trump's running on a message on things that he wants to do for the American people. You might disagree with those things, but this is what he's saying he's gonna do. It's about you, the people, what's he's saying, he's a Nazi. Now they're in the last late stages and making these outrageous accusations and calling people names. Whenever that would happen to me. They weren't calling me a Nazi, but I was, you know, you get nasty stuff thrown at you when you're ahead. You love it. 'cause you know you're winning. Yeah. Right. So he's winning. And if it's fair and honest, he'll win comfortably in those seven states.


So if They come to us the day after the election, and by they, I mean Morning Joe and the, and the rest of the syco defenses in the media, and tell us that Kamala Harris turns out to be just incredibly popular. Incredibly popular. And her compelling vision got her across the finish line with a massive margin. And she got, you know, 84 million votes and she's the winner. And if you disagree, you know, you're a criminal. Will people accept that? I always say I will not accept that. But will others accept that? Like, what happens then In Nazi Germany, they held a ple of site, Hitler wanted to confirm some of what he was doing, and it was like 99%.


Yeah. That's how you say yes. In Germany. Right? I think that's the only way they could even remotely have. But I mean, shouldn't look, I I, I'm, I don't want to be an election deni or Deni of anything. That's true. I always wanna acknowledge what's true, period. That's right. But I, I also don't think that any of us are under the obligation to accept them at face value at their word. I I think they've kind of tried the, the limits of good faith. And aren't we allowed to say, look, you say Kamala Harris won great. Show us the books, No doubt about it. Well, we know them to be liars. Yes. They've been lying through the years And, they, they've just recently been lying about, well, what the cognitive capabilities of The president.


Exactly. And, they throw 'em out of office and, you know, hijacking from office and put her there and, you know, lying about her records. She didn't work at McDonald's. Even they lie about everything. Right. No, they're, we can't believe that. That's gonna be really hard to believe. Why do We have electronic voting machines? I, I thought the idea, well, I was never against them. I never thought about it. But I I assume that they were more efficient, that you got the results faster and that they were more accurate. And they're not more accurate than hand counting paper ballots. And they're certainly not faster. you know, the results in countries that don't have electronic voting machines are reliable and they're in long before our results are. So what is the reason that we have electronic voting machines? So, among the different people I write about in my book is Walter Hill, black guy from East St.


Louis, Illinois. Yes. And when I first got to prison, he embraced me. He was, you know, you my governor, right. And, he told me about a time that we had met. He, he had lost some weight, but he had been a big guy. And, and when he told me about having met him once down in the metro east area of Illinois, down southwestern Illinois in St. Louis, I, I kind of remembered him. And. he was like some liquor license commissioner. And I, I don't think he'd mind me saying this colorful figure and a good guy. But he was wrong What he did, I Like him already. Yeah. But he said to me, and And, he told me he was sympathetic to me. 'cause he's in politics. He couldn't believe I'm in prison for what? But he said to me, you know, I I voted for you two times.


Right. And he's St. Louis. And I said, oh wow. Thanks. How many times you vote for Obama nine? He said, you're a racist man for both Democrats. You vote for the black guy nine times me only two. Right. That's why, how, That's your answer. I don't, I don't remember Obama running for president nine times. How did, how did Mr. Hill pull that off? No, then that first election, because This was the first Election. Yeah. I, I met him in 2012 before the reelection. So this would've been the 2008 election. And, and I frankly believe he was telling me the truth. But that's the answer to your question about those electorate, those machines, you know, they, they, what gives me hope too about this election is those among the ways democratic precinct workers, and Obama and I know this, we would, we were, you know, high up, but you kinda know these activists are doing whatever they're doing in, in, in the polling places that are controlled by Democrats, largely in the inner city, in the poor neighborhoods, is through the a what what's called the absentee ballots.


And And, they gather them up and harvest them. And what happened in 2020 was that on steroids with the covid situation and the mail-in ballots. And that's among the reasons why I have a, you know, I believe an honest skepticism about the result of that. Don't know that Trump even had a fair chance to get in the court on any of that stuff. And again, I know from my experience how the courts can, you know, be dishonest. There's gotta be so many reforms that have to happen, God willing, Trump wins to clean up that justice system. And I think there has to be, nobody should be unchecked. I think that's the lesson from my heart experience. of course, human nature, even good people can get tempted to do the bad things and wrong things. Another reason why Thank you scientists for your great intelligence and the great contributions you make, but unless we guide you through conscience, which comes from God, well exactly.


You're gonna destroy the world. So, answer your question, I think the, the voting system is the way it is today because of political priorities that are above and beyond what's fundamentally right for our country. And what really makes me angry at my party is nothing sacred to these people anymore. That they would weaponize the law and the justice system to de destroy Trump. Because they know that if they, if they destroy Trump, nothing's gonna stop them from destroying our freedoms. And little by little this, I know too, having lost mine, I see the steady erosion of freedom in America. And it's so much like countries that, like my father came from after World War ii, Serbia.


He didn't wanna live in a communist country. And, you know, they saw, they know how those rights and freedoms are taken away. And here's this what Lincoln called the last best hope on earth. If we lose freedom here, you forget about it all over the world. I think we're gonna start seeing the beginning of a new dark age where tyrants and totalitarian governments are the rule and democracy's dead. That's what I think


This time of year, we are focused on our families because we're apt to be with our families celebrating together. And it's the time of year where you might ask yourself what happens when you're gone? What's left behind? Well protect your family's future and peace of mind with a product called Policygenius. Policygenius has one goal to make it easy to find and buy life insurance. So your loved ones have something when you are not here. Something that used to cover debts and expenses if something unexpected happens, because unexpected things do happen with Policygenius. You don't need to struggle to do this. You can find life insurance policies that start at $292 per year for a million dollars of coverage. Some options are a hundred percent online, and that lets you avoid unnecessary medical exams, which is always good. Policygenius combines digital tools with the expertise of real licensed agents. You compare quotes from America's top insurers side by side for free and their no hidden fees. Their licensed support team helps you get what you need fast You can get on with your life. Join thousands of happy Policygenius customers who left five star reviews on Google and Trustpilot. So secure your family's tomorrow so you have peace of mind today. It's easy. Go to Policygenius dot com slash tucker to get your fleet free life insurance quotes and see how much you could save. Again, it's Policygenius dot com slash tucker.


It does seem, look, if Kamala Harris wins fair and square. Yeah, right. You Know, blessings to her and Right. I hope she fixes the country right. That she helped destroy. But I really do fervently hope that, and I mean it. Yes. And I will support any effort to do that. But if she declares victory without proving that she actually won fairly, I think it is the duty of the rest of us to resist that you're not allowed to steal elections. That's, that's the end of democracy. Resistance to tyrants as obedience to God. That's right. Outta the Old Testament. I feel that. No doubt about it. Look, we're in this historic state of Maine where you have this wonderful studio.


I mean, think about the Patriots in America who began our country and resisted the tyranny from England. Oh, sure. And created this unique place. I wasn't set in the world on fire in school. I went to not so good schools in Chicago public schools. My parents were little working people, five room, apartment. My father spoke broken English, and my mom worked for the public transit system passing on transfers. We didn't know anybody in politics or anything. We were just working people. I became the governor of Illinois. Anything's possible in this country. If we lose this, it's why everybody wants to come here, but just follow the law. Right. And they're destroying the law and the idea of sanctuary cities. I'm sitting in prison watching the Democrats for these sanctuary cities.


That was unthinkable. Now How's that not insurrection correct. Against the federal government. Yes. Would you say, I mean, what happened in Fort Sumter, 1861 was less radical in sanctuary cities we're saying that we're ignoring federal immigration law. How are we not breaking away from the rest of the United States? Right. How's That su that secession? I don't, I don't get it. I I hear you. It's crazy. Right. And but again, the media just made it seem like an exercising compassion. Yeah. Here again, Thank you for what you do and Thank you for a lot of the other, you know, services that are out there who are providing alternative views from what the mainstream media's become. You're, I mean, when you guys talk about mainstream media, you're right. They've been so corrupted and so co-opted, they're corporate media.


Have You talked to Obama since you got out? No. He never called you? Oh, No. Oh God, No. What's he mad at you about? What'd you do wrong? No, I don't think he's, I don't think he's mad. He's just like, that guy can only hurt me. And you know, of course he's living a good life. you know, you think about Obama, he's close to being a billionaire. Those Obamas have monetized, like the Clintons did their time in the white Oval Office and in the White House. I think about Trump. How, how did Obama get so rich? Right. Well, I mean, he's, you know, he's got that whole establishment stuff that, you know, overpay them for things, I think got a deal for like a, a book deal that was like $60 million or something in advance.


And I don't know what the other things he's doing, but I, I think there's like documentaries he supposedly makes from Netflix. They paid him a hundred million dollars or something. But I think about that and I think, and I know you know them and the moment they won for the, for the Senate and, you know, wanted, They wanted a man the first thing. And she Wanted a job. Yeah. She wanted a job. Yeah. There's other things about him that I've been told by Tony that I don't think I should say, just because, boy, they're terrible of true. And I tend to believe they are About his personal behavior, About, about the desire to have upward mobility. Yeah. And, you know, and where he was at in the late nineties, and, you know, He's a money worshiper. Yeah. And I think, I see, I compare that and I think about Trump who's made all that money and built it up in business and then decided to leave that good life to go and put himself through this, in this rotten, nasty business.


And, he gets treated like that where they're trying to literally destroy him and his family and all that wealth that he created and the juxtaposition between that where he wants to serve, and Obama, how they catapulted to that level after the presidency by just playing the inside game and being part of the establishment. It's a dramatic, Do you see difference when you keep hearing these whispers? A lot of them are just like nonsense on the internet, but then you do hear from Democrats, I don't know if it's true, but that Obama would like to see his wife run after Kamala Harris loses. Do you think there's any truth to any of that? Yes.


I, I think that's not unlikely. I dunno that she wants to do it though, but I, I It doesn't seem like she does. Yeah. But what do I know? I'm not Yeah, I know. I'm the same way. Sure. I can see the I can see the possibility of that. How much control does Obama have over the modern Democratic party? That's a good question. He's the most influential person in the Democratic party today. But I would say that his influence wanes as the years go by. He's not as influential now as he was four years ago or eight years ago. you know, times change. New people come in. I do think that the, the socialists, the Democrats, the, the a OC types are further left than Obama.


And that's a tiger that, that he can't hold by the tail that are kind of pushing him and others that way. I dunno that he's comfortable doing that. The thing about him is he's got a fundamental left wing ideology, but he's a lot more practical than that. He's all about just winning for himself. And you know, I I think about when he ran for president in 2008, he supported a border wall. Oh yeah. Right. It was practical politics at that time. And. he was willing to ditch, ditch that right away. And so I I would say as time goes by, his influence will wane continue to wane. But probably four years from now, he'll probably be, still be God willing. Trump's The president, the most influential Democrat Boy he was, he was pretty cold with Joe Biden, who was always kind of running around pathetically bragging about how close he was to Obama And.


they were buddies. And Obama has knifed him twice. One in 2016 supporting Hillary for the nomination. And again, this summer with, you know, leading the coup against him. What's that? It's Machiavelli. Yeah. He went to Harvard. He was probably reading the law and reading the Prince. Yeah. Right. No, he's a cold hearted, very Machiavellian Look, it's a tough business. And I don't want to be a wine or a complainer and like, oh, woe was me. Look what happened to me. It is a, it is a tough Business. It's a rough business. And you know, you're in a rough business like that. Harry Truman said, if you want a fund in Washington, get a dog. Right. Yeah. There's a lot of truth to that. But within the spectrum of these practical people in a business of bullshitters and duplicitous phonies who almost embrace their hypocrisy as if it's like some sort of skill or talent that they have.


In other words, Michael Jordan, you know, his game got better as he got greater. Right. He became a much better shooter. I'm from Chicago, six championships. We love Jordan. Right. But Jordan wasn't as good a shooter when he first came outta college. As he became, his game got better. And so he embraced that. He go, he can move, go to The Left a little bit better than he did when he first started. You embrace the improvement of his skills in sports. These politicians, what they do is like the Chuck Schumers of the world, they laugh at their duplicity and their hypocrisy. It isn't that they're being phony or fake. They feel good because they're getting away with it. Yeah. And the people are buying it. Right. And at some level, including me, there's a level of that that's part of that business.


But there is a difference between a lot of the people in politics that aren't like that. And in spite of what everybody, the well the establishment's been saying about Trump, he's probably the least political of the people I've known in politics. And I've known a lot. I mean, I knew Biden when he was the senator and I was in Congress. I knew Bill Clinton. He was actually a very nice guy. That's my Bill Clinton Personation. I bet I really liked him. Right. Defended him. and that was a hard thing to defend. I mean, what are you doing with an intern man? Come on. Right. Anyway, Obama nuisance, 1995. Was that Monica Lewinsky thing? Some sort of op from a foreign country to control Clinton. You ever heard anybody say that? No, I haven't actually. No. You do wonder, Do you think?


Yeah, I don't know. Gosh. I, I don't know. Yeah. No, I think, well I think it was, I think it was real. Oh, totally. Yeah. But You do, you know, you do sort of wonder what, do you ever talk to Clinton? Is he still around you? Never. You hear he is not well, but I don't know. Is He? No, I, I haven't seen him since before prison. Is he still a force in the party at all? Less so. Yeah. Yeah. He's, he, he less So Obama's eclipsed him. You said that it was, if it was AdChoices between Obama and Hillary wasn't a tough one for you. You obviously know Hillary. Why, why weren't you eager to support her? The reason Bill Clinton won and the reason she lost is the reason you talked about Trump at the Madison Square Garden. Trump likes people.


Yeah. Oh yeah. Clinton likes people. Oh, Sure he does. She has contempt for People. you know that basket of deplorables. Yeah. I think she feels that way about all the People, you know, everyday people. She's just the, just so focused and guided and political animal. Whatever she stands for is driven by focus groups and polls. She has no, like, feel for anything. I really believe that about her. I mean, she's, you know, at a personal level, you meet her. I mean, you know, no surprise she didn't win. Right. Really? Yeah. No, not a warm person. Oh, not At all. Very cold. Very cold. Cold-hearted. Very ambitious. Very dishonest. Very dishonest. She had, well, her best friend worked for me in my administration. I hired this woman, I can't remember her name, but, and she was a nice woman.


She was competent. But it it not like she ever told me anything bad about Hillary. It's just that I'd been around Hillary enough. Not a lot, but enough. And Bill Clinton too, to see a very big difference between the two people. You just naturally, like Clinton, I'll, I'll tell you a quick story. You wanna hear this very much? Yeah. So I'm a congressman. It's 1999. the United, States and nato, not with, without un approval are Dunum my father Serbia. What Russia's doing to Ukraine now. Oh, I noticed. Right. We decided to bomb a sovereign country, forcing them to give up a part of their country. Do You remember this Thank, you can I just ask you to pause it? And I, because I want Thank you for bringing that up.


Oh. It's one of the worst things that the, this country has done in a long time. Yeah. And it's been completely forgotten. It was not talked about then. Right. And so I hope people aren't familiar with what you're talking about. Will listen carefully. It was 1999. It was the Balkans in Serbia and the United, States and NATO decided to bomb Serbia over Kosovo, which is part of Serbia. And basically it was whether or not they, the Serbs would accept a, an agreement that was made in France, Bule that basically said, this part of your country has to be submitted to a referendum where the Muslims outnumber the Christian community about like 10 to one. And if you don't submit this to a vote, which obviously was, was gonna go for separation, secession we're gonna bomb you extortion at the highest level.


But what, what was the motive there? Why would we want to get involved in the internal affairs of Serbia? I don't under, I like, why, why would we kill all those people to achieve that result? Do you have any idea? I do. I have different ideas. I think a lot of it has to do with, you know, the politics in the Middle East and, you know, Muslim having a Muslim country or two in Europe itself. Because before that was the war in Bosnia where it was divided up three ways. And the Muslims have a section of the, of, of Basian to the east is the Republic of Serka, where the Serbs on the Croatians are to the west. The Balkans have historically been, you know, very difficult places with the different peoples getting along.


And is A lot of And. he the word Balkanize. Yeah. That's exactly right. But I, I, you know, I learned this about politics at the high level, which was surprising to me that a lot of our foreign policy, and this is frightening, is driven by campaign contributions. And Of course, Yeah. I could see All of it. Yeah. But foreign policy, think about that. That's What I'm saying. Yeah. I mean, frightening. of course it is. Yeah. Oh, I see it every day. Yeah. Well, She was running for the US Senate in New York. Hillary was, and there's a prominent Albanian community in the state of New York. How much of Clinton's desire and attention to support, you know, the, the coast of our issue that the Albanians supported had something to do with his local domestic politics.


Tip O'Neill said, Al politics is local. The Clinton's are experts at that. I'm, you know, I don't know for sure that that was the motivation. I think it was my, it might've been part of it. 'cause she was running for the Senate. However, it, it was, they did it. And I was the only Serbian American in Congress and I was a Democrat and my party was doing this. But most of the Republicans went along with it as well because it was the established Republican party of the Cheneys. Right. of Course. It's war. It's, we get to kill people. It's a good thing. Yeah, that's right. Always. Yeah. Yeah. And so they bombed this coun, this country my father came from. And, and it was on a personal level, it was really hard. you know, I think about my late father and you know, he would tell me stories about World War ii.


He spent, my father spent four years in a Nazi prisoner of war camp. And then three years in a refugee camp after the war, waiting for the US to pass a law call to Displaced Persons Act. Which allowed my father millions of others like him with these millions, these hard, long and hard to pronounce last names, a chance to come to America. Freedom. My dad loved America. And. he just, there was no place like it. You can, if you whiling work hard, You can make it. And if you don't, your kids can do good. Like actually what happened with my brother and me. But freedom was the thing. And I saw then David Aswad was working for me then. And I would go to his office and I'd vent these Was this MF and Clinton?


Where did they come up? Serbia was an ally for the United States with the United States and World War ii. Serbia was an ally. the United States and World War I. And now they're violating international law and bombing a sovereign country to support those on the other side of the war, as opposed to trying to work something out through the United Nations. you know what, I was just maddening. It's disgusting. And I gotta support this. I gotta support my party. So anyway, and I vent. And so we're figuring out ways where I could be constructive. Now I'm an American and God forbid, you know, now we're at war with the country. My father came from, my loyalties are to the United. States And. there was a big vote. Bless you for saying that. Yeah. The war, it was a big vote on supporting the military effort against Serbia, against my father's country.


It was tied. Two 12. Two 12. My colleague and at the time, friend Jesse Jackson Jr. Voted against the war. The black caucus was against the war. Good for him. Black kids go and fight these wars. I took the position. I hate this war. I spoke against it before they started it. I was one of 15 Congressmen, Democrats 'cause Senate. It's another one who votes said, don't do this, you bomb this country. You can unleash the Furies. Milovich is a crazy guy. He is gonna kick out innocent Kosovars outta that country. It's coming. They wanted it. It was a Provo provocative act by nato. No one MoVI would do that. And most people would suffer like they did. But then they put it on the Serbs. Right. And demonized them worldwide.


But the Black caucus, in many ways, the black community really understands abuse of power more than any other community. 'cause they've been on the wrong end of that historically. Yes. They're not buying it. So I'm, the bombing starts on the Thursday as we all leave from Congress. They timed it. We had a two week recess for spring break. They start, and I'm Saturday, you know, I'm watching this on CNN. And anyway, long, long story short, I vented to ax rod And. he and I, I I, this is making me sick. I gotta do something. By then they had taken three us, three US soldiers had been taken prisoner by the Serbs during that war. They had stumbled into Serbia, And, they were taken prisoners. Nobody knew where they were. The Red Cross wasn't allowed in Milovich had been demonized The president of Serbia.


And in many ways, justifiably but worldwide And, they were making them look And. they were called an ethnic cleansing genocide. Which is also another lie. It's not good. But ethnic cleansing it, you know, it's the nature of how things have happened in Europe. All over the place. 12 million Germans were ethnically cleansed from the east to the west after World War ii. A lot of them murdered. Yep. Yeah. Right. So anyway, I'm frustrated. Ro comes up with, they take the soldiers. I'm being, because I'm the only Serb, these G guys from the Serbian government reaching out to me. I don't know if they're real or not. And I see one of 'em on television on with Melvich, a guy by the name of Cottage Bogle Lu Cottage.


Very interesting man. Long, the short of it is ax rod. I'm meeting with him. I wanna play a role. I gotta do something And. he says, why don't you try to get those soldiers out? But you can't do it by yourself. 'cause I speak the language. That was my first language. My father, you know, my mother was American born. So how do you get there? They won't let me. I'm a junior congressman. I mean, they'll crush me. They won't let me go. State Department was against it. And then I saw that Reverend Jesse Jackson, Ramsey Clark, you know, of course not. Right? Reverend Jesse Jackson wanted to do what Ramsey Clark had done. He wanted to go visit the bombing sites. But that he had made a condition that he won't do it unless he can see the three soldiers.


So I don't know Jesse Jackson at the time, but since then, he's become kind of a friend. So I, I see the son, you know, we're young congressman and I see Jesse Jr. And we vote on a Tuesday. We get down with our votes like 11 o'clock Washington time. We're sitting in the chamber. It's empty. It's just me and him. And I said, you know, Hey Jesse, I saw that your dad wants to go to Serbia and see those soldiers. He goes, yeah. And I said, I don't know if this is bullshit or not, but these guys from the government approached me. 'cause my father came from that country. And I speak the language. If I could arrange for your father to go to Serbia to see those soldiers, you think he might do it And? he said, he sure would. Why don't you call the reverend now?


And I, I, I said, what? He said, call the reverend now. And I said, you call your dad Reverend. Right? Not surprised no And. he said, you call him. I said, look, I don't know your dad. You call him Steve. He's interested. Then let me know and then I'll call him. So moments later, we're at our offices. He calls me, I'm in the Cannon building, right? Fifth floor And. he says, I just talked to the Reverend And, he's in Mississippi to road voter registration drive. Call him. He's waiting for your call. So I call him, first time I ever talked to Jesse Jackson, it's like, I don't know, spring May of 1999 and April, may. And I said, and if you ever talk to him on the phone, he speaks very softly. He's very powerful speaker, but privately very softly.


And I said, Reverend Jackson, this is Congressman Lakovic. I said, with your son, understand. He says, I said, I, can I call you on a hard line? you know, you're on a cell phone. It's kind of a delicate thing. I'm talking about, I don't know if this is property. He goes, I can't run now. I'm on a voter's registration drop in Mississippi. Talk to me in code. First time I talked, He goes, I gotta go. Right. Okay. I said, well, I'm calling you about over there, And. he says, underst stand. I said, I talked to a guy in the government who says, it's possible for you to go over there. Understand? I said, I said, if you're willing to do it, he's gonna talk to the big cheese today at four o'clock.


Understand? I said, if the answer's yes, how soon can you go and can you go, can you leave tomorrow, And? he says, I can't. I'm here doing voter registration. 'cause it was a Tuesday. But if you make this happen, I can go on Friday and we can move on. What he says to me. Right, right. I miss people like this. Yeah, Yeah. And then I said, and then he says, and you pull this off. I'm taking you with me. I didn't say it, but I'm thinking to myself, of course I'm going with, okay, I'm putting this all together. Anyway, we got to go. We, I, he did it. He was the, the government, why to Jackson and Jackson put together this interfaith coalition of religious leaders, left wing religious leaders from very diverse, you know, Catholic priests, Jewish rabbis, Methodist ministers.


This lady named Dr. Joan Brown Campbell from the National Council of Churches. They were all part of this delegation. Jesse Jackson and me. And so we, we go, I speak the language and you know, they're very understandably mistrustful of America because we're bombing them. Bombs were falling while we were there. They wouldn't stop the bombing. The Clinton administration kept trying to squeeze us Jackson. He, I guess he, he's able to procure things. He got like a plane. He got like a commercial plane. World Air. You'll appreciate this story. World Airways. And we're supposed to leave on Saturday. And, and then Friday evening, I get a phone call from his aid And. he said, we gotta postpone our trip. Because I said, why?


He goes, well the CEO of World Airways called the reverend and said, they gotta can't let the, let us have the plane until they get war insurance on it. Okay. So the next day my wife sees me, says, I thought you were getting ready to go to Serbia, Patty. And we, our baby Amy was just, our first one was two years old. And I said, no, it's been delayed. That's something about war insurance. And then it clicked. Patty said, war insurance. I said, yeah, we're flying into a war zone. They don't want us to give us a plane. And so then she quietly calls our insurance agent, neighborhood insurance agent. State Farm says, if my husband voluntarily goes into a war zone and gets killed, do I still get his life insurance?


Right, And, he is. They checked, he got back to her and said, yeah, he's covered. And she said, okay, I love you. Good luck. Wish you luck. Amazing. Right. Do is maybe, well, I don't know the, the real explanation that would explain why we pushed NATO to bomb Serbia. But I do know that we killed a ton of Christians. We took the We in Kosova, the Serbs. They were asked that they were ethnically clans in Kosova. Well, I'm aware. Yeah. So the us but it does seem like a lot of our interventions wind up killing Christians from the Bama Nagasaki, which was outta a military significant place. But it was the center of Christianity in Japan Oh. To the war in Iraq that basically ended the Christian population of Iraq to Syria, to Gaza, to Serbia.


It all, it seems like one thread that connects all of those is the killing of Christians by the US government. Have you ever thought Of that? I, I haven't, but I I, I didn't know that about Nagasaki. But that's really, it's Interesting. The bomb landed on the church on the, the majority of Christians in Japan lived in Nagasaki. And, and the majority of them were killed. If you're asking me to speculate on why that might be the case, I don't think it's so much of a desire to hurt Christians as it is. If we gotta hurt anybody, we'll hurt the Christians and not the other groups because it's politically incorrect. If we hurt the other Groups Yeah. And, they won't complain. 'cause they're Christians. Yeah, yeah. I think that's right. but we Did kill a ton of Christians in, in the Balkans. Oh, there's no doubt about it. And it was really maddening because, you know, i i, these otherwise liberal Democrats who were, it turned out, I think right on Vietnam, that was wrong.


The wrong war, not he get out. This was the issue. And I think Nixon frankly did The best he could under the circumstances of war, started by Johnson. But now suddenly they were all warhawks, all these liberal Democrats were warhawks against Serbia in 1999. It was sickening. And I had to work with these People, you know, and well that Was just a, a foretaste of the world to come, wasn't it? It really Was. And you know, so I wrote an op-ed for the Washington Post at the time, suggesting that they, they should partition Kosovo then and stop the bombing, stop the killing the bombing of a sovereign country, partition that country protect the Orthodox monasteries, the Christian Orthodox monasteries that are so vital to the Serbian experience.


Because Kosovo in the Serbian history is, is his historic, it's, it is to serve what, like Israel, the Jews And, they had lost this battle in the 14, 13 hundreds against the Turks. The adamant in Turks, of course, 500 years of enslavement after that, you know, the Otto and Control and the Battle of Kosovo is central to the Serbian hit history and culture. I'm American born and I didn't really to understand it, but I got a much better appreciation of it during that war. And so I suggested this as the bombing was going on, and the American people really never understood why we were doing it. Clinton was losing support, and particularly with the Black Caucus being against it, and leaders like Jackson speaking out against it.


That's why he was so vital going there and making the deal to get the soldiers back, which we successfully got those soldiers back, Jackson and I, what happened was that they had to, they had to justify this war. So they went extremely hard in trying to demonize the Serbs without any kind of honest analysis of the complexities of those issues over there. And it's really galling and Wesley Clark, the general was the one running. Oh, I'm Very aware Of that. And I'm told he is doing business there in Kosovo. Now that, that's, if that's true, that's sickening. Well, he's, he's a, he's a sickening person. A totally Hallow clever, but not wise, ruthless human being.


Yeah. So last question just Yeah. To circle Sure. Back to where we began. And, and that's the condition of your party. I don't, I don't think it's an overstatement to say born in the Democratic party, rose to, you know, the, the top of it. When you see Kamala Harris on the road campaigning with Dick Cheney's repulsive daughter, what do you think? That ain't my democratic party. Right. Dick Cheney is now a, a Democrat. I mean, It's incredible. It's sickening. That's another sickening thing. And, and, but when, but the good news is it just shows you how politic is being reali realigned in the am in America today.


And those traditional Democrat working class voters, everyday ordinary people. I talked about 'em before, the silent majority, including a much larger number of black people than even the polls are reflecting. Yes. And Latinos, I predict Trump across the country will have actually win a majority of the Latino vote in this election. And the beauty about the Latino vote, they remind me so much of the immigrant back. Yeah. In my background, God fearing hard, family oriented. Most families are like that who come here legally. And, and those illegally, you know, come, go back and come back legally. And that's what we should all follow our rules, especially when you first come here. Right. Don't break into our country. And the Democrats have opened the doors and Kamala Harris all by design.


But when I think about how, how the, the parties have changed those corporate country club, war mongering, Liz Cheney, Dick Cheney, Mitt Romney, Republicans have a lot more in common with The Left wing Kamala Harris wing of the Democrat party than traditional working class daily type Democrats. John F. Kennedy, Democrats, Robert Kennedy, Democrats have with them. And they're now part of this new coalition, Trump's building and this new Republican party. And it's very exciting. I see all these history books that you have here. And my reading a history, and I had eight years to read a lot of it. Right. Is we're going through a historic political realignment. Yes. We're these parties are very different than this new Republican party is the party. The little guy truly believe that.


My voters, I saw that at Madison Square Garden. Those were my voters that I saw there. They looked just like my voters. you know, good people, working people, honest people. Not the elites. How'd They treat you Effing gold. They were warm and loving. Okay. I can, I can't, I can't improve on that. Governor Rod Blagojevich Thank you. It's great to see you. Great to see you. Tucker. Thank you. Thank you Thank you. That was amazing. Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson com.