
Thank you man. I am really happy to be here. Ugh, I am. I am grateful to be in Fort Worth, Texas. I am. I mean that, and I'm not, I guess no matter where I was, I would say I was grateful to be here. But I actually am really grateful to be here. This is our 13th city that we've hit this month and you know, there comes a point in a month long jaunts around the country, which has just been wonderful and affirming and beautiful in every way.


But where you're just sick of staying in hotel rooms, needing room service, it's just, it's not great for you. I have so many family and friends in Texas that this is my after 13 hotel rooms in a row. I'm staying in a familiar bed here tonight and I'm with familiar people and I'm just grateful. It's like a spot treatment standing here. So thank you very much for having me. It's funny, every city, one of the reasons we wanted to do this in the first place was because you'd get such a distorted sense of what's happening in the country from the media. Well, I love you too.


Thank you. I do. And of course there's a lot of time and energy put into convincing you that you shouldn't love your fellow Americans, you should hate them. And so it's just important to get on the road and see them and you realize that, I don't care what they tell you on CNN, the hate level in America is incredibly low. Everyone's nice and they're nice to each other. It's true. That's the main thing I've noticed. I mean, I don't have a tv, but you know, I check in from time to time on the telephone and they're constantly telling America's a powder keg. It's about to explode. I don't know where the explosion's gonna happen.


I haven't been there yet in 13 cities everywhere I've been. People are kind to each other. They're friendly, they're open, they're hilarious. They're exactly the people I grew up with. They're Americans, And, they like each other despite the efforts of their leaders to tell 'em they shouldn't. On the other hand, there is a lot of dark stuff going on, so much dark stuff going on that I thought today I was trying to be as honest with myself as I can be. And of course it is really easy to lie to yourself and most of us enjoy it. I certainly do. But I had to ask myself honestly, like how do I feel? Not just about the selection, but where we're going, you know, and where our children will be and what kind of country this will be.


Not just next year, but in 15 years, 20 years, a hundred years. And I'm being as sincere as I can be, I'm really hopeful. I really am. I may be the only person I am really hopeful. There are the darkest forces I've ever seen array against pretty much every single person in this room. And certainly against everything you believe in your families and they're not gonna win. And, and let me tell you why I think that. And I'm not just talking about this election and by the way, if you, as I do in hotel rooms and airplanes, think of all the things that could go wrong. You know, not just in this election but in the world.


All the nuclear wars and EMP attacks and weird viruses that Tony fauci creates in Chinese labs and unleashes on the world. Not that that could ever happen. And then you think of the fact that actually that did happen. Fauci did do that with your tax dollars and is still walking through my dog park in DC with secret service protection that we're paying for. Then you think to yourself, you know, that's so I know boo boo boo. Well exactly. But then you think to yourself, that's so unfair. That's so grotesque. In fact, the whole point of that exercise is to be unfair. The whole point of it is to shake your faith in the idea of fairness or justice.


I mean the whole point of all of this is to make you give up on the idea of fairness. They literally put an illiterate woman in charge of the White House press briefing. The whole job is being able to speak and she can't talk. Everything's a malapropism. It's insane. Was that an accident? No, it was the whole point. It was the whole point. It's why we have a trans admiral. The whole point of it is to make you give up on the idea of justice and basic fairness, which is that the capable, hardworking people rise and the people who can't speak English don't wind up as the White House spokesman.


That's the definition of fairness. And the whole reason that they staff those jobs in the way they do, the whole reason they elevate the incompetent and punish the competent is to make you give up on the idea that there is justice. And, and what I realized today thinking about it, is that justice is bigger than the Justice Department. Actually justice is bigger than this country. It's bigger than society. Justice exists separate from all of us and we can distort justice all we want. But it doesn't change the fact that in the end there is justice, there is right and wrong and the fair and good thing happens because good wins in the end.


That is a fact. But that's not the only reason I'm hopeful. The second reason I'm hopeful is I'm commanded to be hopeful. It's the law. Every wedding you go to, they're always reading one Corinthians 13. It's like, I think it's the only verse in the Bible actually. But if you actually read it, you know, love is not the only thing mentioned. There's faith and then Exactly. And we're required to have it. It's not optional. It's not a byproduct of a sunny day. I feel hopeful today. No hope is what you have on purpose. It's intentional. Things don't seem to be going in the right direction.


I don't see how we get out of this. It's like a Scooby do episode. Oh my gosh, we're boxed in. But I know we will get out of it actually, maybe not in the way we want to. But in the end, we'll look back and this is true in the life of every single person in this room, you'll look back on the best moments in your life, the moments that changed you, that opened your eyes to true beauty that made you a a better person that deepened your relationships with the people that you love. And you'll notice that those best moments were all the worst moments actually. And I'm obviously saying this to someone who gets fired a lot and that's been true. Every, I can't even keep track.


My wife said that the other day. How many times have you been fired? I don't know. You know, quite a few. Loved every one of 'em. In fact, I've loved them so much. I'm so used to this cycle of the worst things being the best things that this last time I got fired I was like, oh, I'm psyched. Kind of psyched to be humiliated in public once in a while. 'cause I know it'll end well and I know that I will learn something about myself. No, it's true. And so actually we have cause for hope no matter what happens. And I bet every single person in this room has a worst case scenario in mind for what happens in November.


Oh, don't get me started baby. That's the one heckle. I could hear everybody in this room. Everybody in this country actually is pretty worried about the future. And I'm here to say that we have an obligation to feel hopeful. We have grounds to feel hopeful. And let me be a little more specific about why I'm hopeful because you're actually on the right side. And for years I covered politics in Washington where I lived and I really tried to resist adding a moral cast to political differences.


I mean you, you know, we're arguing over the capital gains tax rate, you know, and you think it should be 15 and I think it should be 35. Maybe you know, one of us is right, probably me, of course, but, but it doesn't mean you're a bad person. We just disagree over a number. But that's not all what we're seeing now. We're not seeing disagreements about how to make the country better. No one's even pretending that the program that you oppose and I oppose is gonna make the country better or people happier. No, it's a program of death and destruction of course. And that's become very obvious. Someone said very wise in my life, said to me today, we should be grateful for how clear things are now we don't need to lie to ourselves.


It's super obvious. And I'll say for myself, I don't always know what's good. And I definitely don't always imagine I'm on the right side having been on the wrong side, having endorsed the Iraq war. Like I have a keen sense of my own absurdity And. there was in fact a mirror outside the bathroom in my hotel today when I walked out of the shower. So I was like, oh yeah, I am absurd. I recommend that to every middle aged man by the way, especially those who think they're successful. You really do have this image of yourself as a God-like figure, you know, kind of master of your fate, leader of your family, leader of men. Then you come outta the shower into the glare of the mirror and you're like, there's this like lumpy primate in front of you with hair in the wrong places.


And you're like, is that really the god-like leader of men? I don't think so. That's an absurd person who is that? Get the hell outta my bathroom. And you're like, oh wait, that's me. And the truth is that is you, which is a good thing to know. In fact, I would make that mandatory for senators and members of Congress. I would, I would take a good look at yourself and I would put super bright overhead fluorescent lights in the John. I would, I have a lot of theories like that, that's why I'm not gonna get elected to anything. But here's the point, I'm not always certain that I'm on the right side, but I know evil when I see it.


And that's exactly what they're selling. It's not a difference of opinion. It's anti-human. And that is exactly what it is. It's against people. It's just kind of that simple. It's not, you either think the greatest blessing in this life is other people. And the greatest duty you have in this life is to serve other people, particularly the people around you. The people that God puts right in your path right there. Your children, your spouse, your coworkers, your college roommates, but also your housekeeper and the waitress, the people who are right there in front of you. It's your job, not just your job but your sacred duty.


It's the main duty that you have is to those people, actual people. And if you believe that, and everybody should, and we should be reminded of that every day. Awesome. To send mosquito nets to a country, you can't find out a map much better to make sure your housekeeper has a car. And we should be saying that. But most people don't really even need to be told that because that's where their joy comes from. And. there are certain people, particularly in crowded elevators who are annoying and too close. That's fact, that's a fact. But in general, all of our joy comes from other people, all of it. And nothing else comes close. And you know, by the way, we spend our whole lives, I've spent a lot of my life like worried about money, wanna make more money?


You ever make enough money? I know there I branded some friends of mine who've made enough money. And, they can tell you. And I can tell you it's fine. It's good not to be in debt. It's good not to be, you know, paying off the credit card company at 25% interest. Why aren't they in prison, by the way? Sorry. Yeah, yeah. By the way, if Antifa was really radical, they'd say something about the, about the credit card companies, wouldn't they? Wouldn't they? They wouldn't be attacking like normal families in the park. They'd be attacking the banks that are impoverishing the country, wouldn't they? Isn't that what the radical would do? I think so. But what would the pretorian guard for the ruling class do?


What would the bodyguard for say Goldman Sachs posing as Antifa do? They would try to sow race hatred and descent in the country. So you wouldn't notice that the country iss being looted, just saying, anyway, here's the point. Wow, that was a tangent but heartfelt. What I'm saying is that most people, the overwhelming majority of people, even people you think you disagree with, if I'm being totally honest, understand intuitively and live as though they understand and believe that other people are the point of life. Whether it's your own children, just the people in this room. It just brings you such satisfaction and joy.


But there is a small group of people who somehow wound up in charge of the country and the world who think people are an impediment to progress. Who are actually openly anti-people. They're affirmatively anti-people. And you know that because they don't like children and you know they don't like children. Because if you're trying to raise them in this country, you know it's pretty much impossible that they're being destroyed because the people in charge are setting out to destroy them. Whether it's with the screens or the filth or the drugs, which they're busy legalizing. Is that making us a happier country? No, it's destroying people. Is funding a war that can't be won with money that we don't have?


Is that pro people? No, the whole point of that is to kill people, which they have done. And if you think of it that way, you'll notice that almost all of their parties are, their policies are against people. And I just don't think that's a winning program over time. I don't, I don't think people want that actually at all. I don't think the dream of, I'll just speak as a middle-aged man, I don't think the dream of most middle-aged people is never to have grandchildren. 'cause your kids have been castrated. I just don't think that, I mean, I think it's weird and wrong, but it's much deeper than that. Nobody wants that. Nobody wants that. The appetite for these programs, you see these people on television, oh, AI's gonna come and you know, basically take your job away and make you useless, then we're gonna implant it in your brain and you'll be part robot actually.


And I always wonder like, is there a constituency for that? Is there a huge number of people in this country, 350 million? Are there like a hundred million who wanna be half robot and idle all day and take orders from machines? I've never met a single person who wants that. But that's what they're selling. They want that. So it's a pretty weird place to be in a country this big and truly diverse and diverse in the best sense. Like lots of people with different opinions to be ruled by people with a opinion that really represents like one half of 1% of the population. First of all, it's not democracy. Second, it can't win over time. And I do find it very interesting that the person they hate most is Trump. And you have to ask yourself because their hatred of Trump is like so crazy.


So all consuming that what is What? is that exactly what is it about Trump? What? No, honestly, is it that he's so right wing? No he is not. No. I'll tell you exactly why they hate Trump because he is relentlessly pro-human. He is the most human person ever to run for president. I love it. I get some people think it can be a little too human, I get it. But it is relentlessly human. Think about who he's running against. What do the last two Democratic nominees have in common?


Neither one has ever uttered a human statement in public. Ever. Kamala? No. I mean it. Kamala Harris kissed her air, quotes your husband with a mask on human beings. Don't do that. Maybe you're so neurotic, you think you need to wear a mask outside. I feel sorry for you. Another living example of our broken mental health system. I feel compassion. But I can promise you, as someone who's been with his wife 40 years today, IIII met that girl 40 years today. I know her pretty well.


September 23rd, 1984. And one thing I know about her, if I tried to kiss her with a mask on, she'd be so freaked out. I don't know what I think she, she would assume I had a stroke. You, don't kiss your wife with a mask on. 'cause that defeats the purpose, which is touching her with your lips. I don't know if you knew this Now, maybe you think I'm being mean or unduly personal. I'm I'm really not actually, I'm not gonna go off on Kamala being Monte Williams' side piece or whatever. That's low. And I'm not gonna do that. That's actually the best thing about her, if I'm being honest. I mean, it's gross, but it's also kind of earthy and real.


It's, and you see the pictures and there's Montel, kind of like lunatic TikTok shows. Oh, here's my girlfriend. Okay, great. At least it's recognizable as something that people do. It is maybe not the best choice. She may not have perfect judgment. Well, she doesn't stand alone in that category. But that's not the, that's not the Kamala or Kamela Harris you see now. And why am I mispronouncing your name? Because she does, she does. I did once. She was, I mean, I don't know by the way, I, I've almost never pronounced anyone's name correctly. I've trouble with pronouncing names, which is hard in a business where that's your job.


But I was always doing that. I mispronounced her name immediately. Oh, you don't like her. You know you're racist. Okay, so then when my producer goes, well wait, we're trying to get to the bottom of how she pronounces her name and we've got tape of her pronouncing it two different ways. This is not her last name. This is not her married name. This is not a nickname. This is her first name. Imagine not having decided as an adult how to pronounce your first name. I'm not being mean I has that ever happened to you? David? David, David, David.


Honestly, like what is that? Well, it's not human.


Here's something you may not have known. Back in 2015 the Congress of the United States repealed something called the country of Origin Labeling Act. Now why is this relevant to you? Well it means among other things that when you buy beef at the supermarket that says made in the USA, it may not actually be, in fact it could be likely is from a foreign country. It means that repackaging foreign meat can be enough to get the maiden USA designation. It's a lie. It's an absolute lie. Most people don't even know what's happening. So how can you be sure that the meat you're eating is from the United States and has been raised with the highest quality standards and is the tastiest it's truly made here? Well, it's simple. You can go to our friends at Merriweather Farms. Merriweather Farms is an American small business. It's based in Riverton, Wyoming. We know the people who run it and they're great people And. they have great meat. They ship the highest quality meat, raised free from growth hormones and antibiotics directly to your doorstep. It's delicious. We eat it a lot, including at this table. These are Americans, these are American made products. And because they're cutting out the grocery store middlemen, their prices are actually cheaper. 10 to 30% cheaper for the best meat. They're the real deal. Again, we eat that meat at this table from Riverton, Wyoming. They're the best. Merriweather farms.com use the discount code Tucker 24 and you get an extra 10% off. Again, that's Meriweather Farms. M-E-R-I-W-E-T-H-E-R farms.com. It's worth it.


Football season is here and Prize Picks is the best place to get real money sports action while watching football season. Long Fantasy takes so much time, but prize picks makes it simple. Just pick two or more players across any sport, pick more or less on their projection. And you could win up to 100 times your money on prize picks. You can still cash out even if the lineup isn't perfect. And all withdrawals are fast, safe and secure. Not only that, but Prize Picks is the only daily fantasy app with injury insurance. If one of your players goes down in the first half prize picks, doesn't count it as a loss. Just some of the many ways prize picks puts its members first. Download the prize Picks app today, use Code Tucker and get $50 instantly when you play $5. That's code Tucker on prize picks to get $50 instantly when you play $5. You don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed prize picks run your game, must be present in certain states. Visit price picks.com for restrictions and details


In and if you watch her speak, my favorite part in the last debate, the only debate, which was not my favorite debate, I'll say that, but my favorite moment was the first 15 seconds where there was a tight shot on Kamala's face. And she was terrified. She was terrified because, and, and I'm not being, I'm being sincere, like I've been on stage a lot And. there are moments where you're like, oh wow, I don't know what to say, you know? And I could see in her eyes like she's thinking to herself, I don't, I've never done anything in my life. No one even voted for me. What am I doing here? Can I pull this off? And that was the only moment I liked her in the whole debate because that's a recognizably human response.


Terror feeling like an imposter. Who hasn't felt that way? I have, right? But the rest of it was exactly like the guys she replaced without any voting. Joe Biden, where it was literally like Ai rah rah. I grew up in a middle class family. We had a middle class friend once. That's a chat GPT answer. And Biden was exactly the same way. And you contrast that to Trump rah. It's like What is he gonna say? Whatever occurs to him.


And I think having watched it a lot and you know, known him for many years before he got into politics, since I was in the media, I do think that Trump's popularity derives mostly from his love of people. And, and I do think the whole population feels on an animal level, feels the contempt that our leaders have for us. It's not just that they think you're stupid or they don't want to hear from you, or they're gonna just pick a nominee without letting you vote on it. Or it's not just like you're gonna like vote on a referendum and then one of their judges is gonna be like, no, you can't have that story. It's not like every public opinion poll taken for the last 30 years bears no resemblance whatsoever to the congressional agenda.


That's all true. All those facts suggest they don't care what you think. You're just a barking dog. Actually pay much more attention to my barking dogs than they did was, but it's deeper than that. They don't like you at all. They don't like you. They hate you actually. Which is why they're encouraging you not to have children at every turn. What is that? I have strong feelings about the subject of life. I've got a ton of kids. But You don't have to get theological about it. It's just really simple. If you love someone, you want more of them. And if you hate them, you want fewer. Right? I'm a non genius. That's my superpower.


If I like something, I have dinner last night with Alex Jones like cheesecake, I'll have two. Right? If I like something, I want more of it. And if they liked us, they'd want more of us. And yet pretty much everything they do is designed to make sure there are not more of us. Yeah, boo is right. I want more of us like more Americans. 'cause I like Americans. It's not complicated, it's not theological. It is human. Anyone who is trying to prevent you from reproducing hates you.


Super simple. And if they've constructed an entire platform where your only right is not to have children, they hate you. That's the only right you possess. You can't say what you wanna say. You can't hang out with who you want to hang out with. You can't criticize them. You can't defend yourself from crime. You have no input into the laws in a system that you supposedly own. You have no way to influence how they spend your money. And You can not give it to them or they'll shoot you. So, okay, but you do have one, right? And that's not to reproduce.


What is that? Well, it's loathing. It's loathing of people. And in a world, well it's of course, it's the definition of evil. It's the definition of evil. People are made in the image of God. That's why they have value. That's why they're unique among the species. Because they are made in the image of God. That's why each person has a spark of holiness inside. That's why you're not allowed to kill them. I mean, what we've gotten so far from the obvious, just to restate, by the way, I'm an Episcopalian, so I'm not gonna lecture on theology.


This is not theology. It's just obvious. Killing people is bad. We don't have a right to kill people except in self-defense, period. Why? Because we didn't make people, because we're not God. We're not in charge of the universe. There are limits to our power as there are to our wisdom and our foresight. Duh and So. if you construct an entire movement around killing people, You're sick. Well you're sick. That's exactly right Phil. This is like mad libs. I love it. I'm gonna pause at the end of every sentence and you fill it in with a better adjective than I could have thought of.


I love that. Yes, you're sick, you're sick, you're diseased, but you're also doomed. And that's the point I want to make. This can't continue and it won't. There's a famous saying in Washington from Herb Stein who was President Nixon's chairman of the Council of Economic Advisors, a group that not a lot of people pay attention to, but he had one great line, which is, if something can't continue, it won't. And governments, based on hatred of human beings cannot continue. Now the question is, at what point does it cease to continue?


And the answer is, I have no idea. I have no idea. But I know in my heart, as certain as I am of anything, that no matter what happens, people will persist because God created them and put them here to thrive. That's the whole point. And I mean, no matter what happens, if something awful, I don't even wanna say it out loud, but we were on the brink of catastrophe around the world because the people in charge of our government want to destroy the human population. And there's no faster way to do that than with a world war, which is where we're headed right now. And I've spent a lot of time worrying about that because I have a, a, a tactile sense of how close we are.


And this morning I realized, you know, first of all, it's not up to me. Can't control that. I've got a wife, three dogs, four children, tons of employees, a lot of college roommates. I got a lot of people to care about and I'm gonna care about them 'cause that's the most important thing. But I also thought, I don't care if that does happen, people somewhere will survive. They will reproduce, they will persist. They will smile and laugh and tell appalling, filthy jokes and do all the things that people do. And over another 10 million years, create McDonald's and a future. Donald Trump will order three quarter pounders and eat 'em in the car because that's who people are.


And you can't extinguish it. I don't care if you're Carmela Harris or whatever she's calling herself. I don't care if you're Klau Schwab, I don't care how powerful you think you are. You can build your stupid little tower of Babel, but in the end it's gonna fall down because you're a joke. You are not God. You vastly overestimate your powers 'cause you're absurd and future generations. And yes, there will be, future generations will laugh at you. And whether I'm here or not, to see that, it brings me joy to think about it.


So I'm happy. And with that, I want to bring on the first of a couple guests. Tonight I want to bring on a man called James O'Keefe, Whom I've known here. I'm like bragging. I knew James O'Keefe before he started shaving. He may have shaved, but I've known him a long time. And James O'Keefe is a very talented man. And so when we left our old world of subscribe to TV shows and sit there and watch him into the new world, which we now occupy and are really enjoying and created our own network, TCN, we thought, you know, we should do long form programming.


And one of the first people we decided to partner with was James O'Keefe. And he has created a film that that's gonna air on TCN on October 10th called Line in the Sand that I think is a pretty amazing film. And what sets it apart from most of the documentaries you see on every topic, including immigration, is that James O'Keefe being James O'Keefe, actually went down and got on top of the migrant train and rode with the Venezuelans. Here's the trailer to the movie, and then we'll talk to 'em about it. We got an unaccompanied minor right here, guys. This is heartbreaking right here. Those, those criminals are being put with the kids.


They're putting the criminals with the kids to sacrificing your value system and integrity to feed your family, make you a bad person. Stop the car, stop the car. They're very upset right there. Get down. It's not about people follow the journey of the immigrants, it's just all about money. The journey of the children and the journey into human nature. I, I should say one thing I love about not just James, but all people and all my friends have almost all have this in common.


You know, life throws you stuff and kind of knocks you off. And the people who get up and keep going are the ones that I respect. And Mike Tyson has a great quote about this. Everybody got a plan until they get hit in the face. And James and I have been both hit in the face recently and he is still making great art. I think so thank you. Thank you Tucker. We've been hit in the face a lot. Yes. So, so tell us, just give us the outline of what you did to get this story. 'cause it's amazing. This is the most insane movie you'll ever see. Documentary. We, we actually embedded with the illegal immigrants and followed their journey from South Mexico to their final destination. We were with the cartel. The, the film opens with the cartel cutting through the fence and them cursing me off.


We put audio recording devices to record everything. Moments that you wouldn't even believe that are real. We captured on video. I wanted to show people what's the true reality, which is a lot more complicated than people think. And we, we went to New York City, we got the fake residencies, the fraud, all on hidden camera. And we're releasing it with you, Tucker. Thank you very much. So, Well, we're honored, we're honored to do it. But the reason I haven't done it is 'cause I don't want to get killed. So like, can you just do that? This is a business, it's a business. Human trafficking run with the help of the Biden administration, but by the cartels.


Yeah. We, we almost died. We, one of my colleagues got kidnapped by the cartel, Anthony. They destroyed all of his cameras. I was detained by the Mexican National Guard and Mexican immigration, and I was wearing a hidden camera in my watch and I recorded all of it. So, Wait, can I ask, I mean, once they found out they were holding James O'Keefe, that's kind of like an obvious peril, right? Did they know who they had? I don't think they realized what was happening, but they eventually realized that I was an American And. they were afraid of what I had captured on video. So this is a remarkable, I mean, there's one moment when their cartel is cutting through the fence, And, they tell me in Spanish, they said, you need to let us finish our work as a border patrol agent just stood by and watched.


And the film is called Line in the Sand because in our country right now, people are facing a crisis of conscience. People are having to do things they don't wanna do in order to feed their families. And I heard that a lot in this film. I'm just doing my job. I'm just doing my job. Police officers, federal agents and, and, but they're conflicted inside. They're torn inside until the film. We get to the part where there are whistleblowers in this film. People in the federal government blowing the whistle and nobody knows that yet. Until Premier is on your site. Well, let's, let's, let's see a clip. Yeah, we have a clip here of me to set this up.


I got on the Beast train in Ito, Mexico. I climbed aboard a freight train with Venezuelans and rode it. So a little scene from the film here, if we can put that up on the screen. We gotta tie in where shootings, because when you get on moving train You don want to get the laces tangle up in there. The MX train conductor signaled to the immigrants not to take this train, But the next one, this is a good one. This is a good one. This is the best one to travel. Oh, is that it? Down there? We gotta run. Let's go.


That's Us. I think that's the train right in front of us. Next one. Next one down. Next one down. You gotta get Cody I can smoke. Oh shit. I can't fucking do this guys. Hurry, hurry, hurry on brother.


You got this by way. Come on. Yeah. Why you got this? You got this? It's alright, man. We're here. What is this? It's cold Coal pellets. We barely did that. It was moving. We just, we barely did that. This just happened. Oh shit. That just, that just happened. I guess it did. I medic. We made it. We made it.


There is Actually people waving at you the entire way and they're cheering you on and they're excited to see you. You got shanty towns right here. They wave at you. Everyone is so nice. Line in the sand. So Amazing. It, I I I just want your top line conclusion about what we're watching here. So we've had tens of millions of people come into our country and if you watch the media and change the country forever, totally destroyed huge parts of the country. That's true. I've just seen it. And those who live here know what I'm talking about. But the way that it's explained to us is that you have sort of people from around the world showing up looking for better opportunities, which I'm sure is true on some level.


But it sounds like you found a business run by like devil worshiping drug gangs. Yeah. In short, it's like that old adage, follow the money. What I discovered is that everyone is making money off this. And I think we kind of already know that, but it was shocking. I mean, so shocking. Everybody is being paid off. The federal government is giving billions of trillion dollars from health and human services to fund places here in Texas that I snuck into Secret child encampments here in the state of Texas to house half a million unaccompanied children. And everybody is talking about how they're making all this money.


That's what it came down to. That's what I saw. Even the cartel said, we gotta get paid. We, you gotta let us finish cutting this steel beam. We put audio recording devices on the beams to listen as they traffic people across. So this is an opportunity for you to actually see it. A lot of documentaries talk about it. People think about they know, but you actually are immersed in it. And it is so shocking. I, you know, I I was actually, there's a scene where I'm visibly I black pilled because the border patrol agent, why they watch it And, they just shrugged their shoulders And. they say we can't do anything about it. You Know, when you feel for them. I mean, I I know a lot of em and I think they're decent people that there isn't anything they can do because the politicians are refusing to do anything about this.


And the reason that I'm so excited about this film is because the people who are supposed to be representing us, especially in this state, like what does Dan Crenshaw say to this? Like, honestly, why aren't, why isn't anyone stopping this? No, I'm I, because they can't deny it when they see This. I, I have a, a positive thing to say. And there's a man in this film, I'll, I'll give you his first name. His name is Zach and he's watching it right now. He's a border patrol agent in this film who decided to blow the whistle on the Department of Homeland Security. And, and he, he's giving an, he's giving an interview in his vehicle, in his uniform.


He's a hero. And you contrast all the feckless, morally weak people in this country who are not willing to take a stand with the ones who are. And I found out Tucker that just two days ago, the border patrol sent a cease and desist letter to him for appearing in this film. And as a result of that, I got wind over the last 24 hours that five more border patrol agents are gonna blow the whistle as a result of this film. And one more thing. And so naturally, the, the investigative reporter, I go, this guy's actually on the Canadian border. I didn't even realize the Canadian border was overrun.


It is, Oh yeah, You're, you're from, you're in Maine. I was in Vermont. So I go up there this weekend to get comment like I do. And the state police detain me for trying to ask questions of the border patrol agents. So, so this is a, a, a giant system and I mark my words. I promise you there are going to be dozens of federal whistleblowers coming forward in the next few weeks. And the question, and the question for you is, are you gonna have their backs?


So all of us have a long mental list of all the things that you should be doing, but you keep putting off, folding your laundry, going to the gym, stop eating Oreos, doing the dishes, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Shopping for life insurance probably shouldn't be on that list, but it is for a lot of people. 'cause it's hard and it takes a lot of time, but all of a sudden it's not hard and it doesn't take much time at all. And we give the thanks to Policygenius, it's made it fast and simple. So we're living in a world that's getting much more complicated by the day and planning ahead to take care of your loved ones. If something were to happen to you makes a lot of sense. Suddenly it's obvious to people, I should probably have life insurance. Why not? Well, why not? 'cause it's hard and expensive. But what if it weren't? Then you do it because you wanna make sure the people who depend on you are provided for you want them to inherit your debts, for example. That won't do much for your memory. So with Policygenius, You can find life insurance policies that start at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars of coverage. Some options even offer same day approval. And you don't have to go through endless medical exams to get them. Policygenius lets you compare quotes from America's top insurers in just a few clicks to find the lowest price. Then they're expert licensed experts, expert experts, And, they are experts, help you answer questions, handle the paperwork, and make informed decisions about what you wanna buy. So don't put it off, you don't have to go to Policygenius dot com slash Tucker to get your free life insurance quotes and see how much you could save. That once again is Policygenius one word.com/ Tucker.


You are doing what our media establishment should be doing, is required to do and is refusing to do and bless you for it. And when you find that, I will be honored to air all of that. James O'Keefe, Thank you Tucker. Thank you. Thank you. I you do kind of wanna ask David Muir at a BC News Who Judging by his abs is a really good reporter, an intrepid reporter.


Not Anderson Cooper level brave. But you know, y you wanna ask like, why aren't you riding on the top of a cartel train changing our country forever? Like, where's everybody else? Why is it James O'Keefe doing this? Because he's brave and he's honest. That's why. So I wanna a introduce our next guest and say, it's one of the the great upsides to working in the media. The the downside of working in the media is you have to work with other people in the media. It's like a daily prostate exam. But it is, it is. I mean that, but the upside is you get to meet amazing people.


And most famous people, I'm just, you know, spoiler alert are actually not worth knowing at all. But occasionally you run into someone who's famous and in spite of being famous, is genuinely interesting and really smart and freethinking. And if you'd asked me five years ago, would Roseanne Barr is one of the most famous people in the world. Be one of those people. I mean, I didn't know, but I interviewed Roseanne Barr on the strong recommendation of a friend of mine whom I trust several years ago. And I wound up thinking that Roseanne Barr is one of the more extraordinary people I've ever met. And I've been furiously texting with her ever since because she's so smart.


And she's so deep and so, and I mean that. And you're about to see that. So it is with great gratitude that I introduced ladies and gentlemen, Roseanne Barr. Thank you guys so much. So nice to see you. Thank you Tucker for having me. Oh, I feel blessed to have you. Oh, you're so sweet. That movie looks fantastic, doesn't it? James O'Keefe's movie. Well, it is fantastic. I mean, the guy's honest and brave. It's not, you know, being a reporter is not super complicated. You know, it's not building a supercomputer, even taking apart your microwave. It's just like, be honest. And he is.


Yeah, but he's like one of the only ones. Yeah. But that takes a certain Soul. Yes, it does. It does. Take a certain soul. I love you too. So let me ask you, I'm always interested, well, you just said it yourself, like why in a world full of reporters is James O'Keefe the only one telling us what's actually happening to the country our ancestors built. And so let me ask you a, a variety of that question. Of all the famous people in the entertainment business, why have you decided to say exactly what you think? Well, I always decided to say exactly what I think, whether it ruins my life or nah.


Yeah. Because that's why I got into it. You know, that's part of being a comedian. You, you, I mean, you know, to make anything funny, it has to have some truth in it, you know? And so the truth is the funniest thing in the world really. Truth is so funny and so beautiful and so strong and so incredible and so godlike. 'cause God is truth, you know? So, so you always gotta find that kernel of it. If you wanna make people laugh or say anything that touches 'em or be real at all.


You gotta, you gotta be real and you gotta, you know, come from that deep place. So I always wanted to do that. And plus I didn't have any choice. I always was like that. I was always born like that, you know? You know, it's really admirable. I don't know if I'd want it in my house in a child. That's what my mother says. My mom says that she's like, God, since the minute you were born, you were you. My mom says, when I was born, all the other little babies were in their little baby beds there in the hospital. But there was one that was screaming real loud and she just knew it was hers.


And she, she went down there and all the other ones were all nice and being cute babies. But one of 'em was trying to shove both its fists into its mouth and screaming And. they had to put a little straight jacket on me to keep me from eating both my fists. And she said, you know, it was always like that with you. And I always was. I was always me. We're the beneficiaries of that. So the truth is the most important thing telling the truth is, is a true joy actually. It is a joy.


Yes it is. I agree with that. What is the truth of what we're watching now? What the hell is this? Well, I'm glad you asked me that question. I am too. I mean, we're in Fort Worth. We can say what we think. Yeah, Well you know, I moved down here to Texas. I've been here living here for three years. I love it. People are so damn nice. I, you know, it's like really cool to be around nice people and you know, it's really cool and guns and stuff.


That's cool. Ha ha. Hell yeah. Right. Woo hoo. I shot a deer, you know, I shot my first deer like, I guess it was one year ago, I shot a eight point buck with one shot. Really? Hell yeah. Hell yeah. That made the best, what do you call 'em? We turned them into beef sticks. I mean, deer sticks. Oh gosh. Those were so damn good. I gotta go get me another one. I ate 'em all. I had a whole freezer full of 'em.


I ate 'em all. Oh, they were so good. I never had deer meat before. But you ate the whole deer. Yeah, I ate the whole deer. It was good. Well my family ate it too, not just me. I'm just picturing that. It was so cool. You know, I never did anything like that. You know, I went on a great big old farm and it had all these deer and we tracked it and all that stuff and set up the thing and the whole, the whole thing. It was so awesome. Got the big old rifle out, you know, and put it on the holder and then stood there like looking in the bushes for it and everything.


It was so cool, man. I felt like I was really, you know, like I could take care of myself, you know what I mean? Like, I was thinking like, well who knows if what they're gonna shut down or take away from us next? But I can always go out and shoot myself a deer if I have to, you know? It was awesome. Amen. Plus I thought, well you might as well do it once, you know, I always wanna do something once in my life, you know? You know, so I could say I had the experience, you know, like running for president and stuff, you know, I did that. That was an experience.


And you know, you know, I've done a lot of really different kind of things. When, when you ran for president, did you refuse to give interviews? No. I love giving interviews. You know why? Because I knew what I was gonna say and I had ideas. I'm like, she's nothing but a prostitute. And you know, you know, she blew her way to the middle.


That's what I said she did. She blew her way to the middle. And and that is insulting to us women who, like I said, it is so insulting to those women, you know, like me, who are never asked to blow a guy for a promotion. Right. Ladies, It's I can see why you're insulted. I get it. And we're supposed to be proud of that. I mean, we're supposed to go, oh, she's the first one. I mean, it's just such an insult.


Everything that they do is to insult and humiliate us. Yeah. The women, first of all, they can't insult or humiliate us enough by telling us that if you got a penis, you're a better woman. That really pisses me off, you know? I mean, it is One of, it makes me so mad, you know, it Just makes me So it's mockery of you Actually. It's mockery and humiliation. It's blackface, it's woman face. So when, when the little Bud Light dude is telling you how hard it is to be a woman, which he's been for like a week.


I mean, You know what was disgusting about that? We're gonna get into it. And you were getting into it. But, you know, I've been involved in this fight for a really long time and, and he wasn't just being a woman or a girl or any of that stuff. He was dressing up like an 8-year-old. Right. You saw it. Right? I was irate. And then he would run in his bedroom with his teddy bears and stuff in that little girl's dress. I mean, it was just pedophilia. It was normalizing pedophilia. It feels, and that is all they care about that.


And killing babies. That's only two things they care about. Normalizing pedophilia and killing babies. It's hard to argue with that. I mean, if those clearly are their priorities, I mean, but both the thing that both have in common is the destruction of innocence. Absolutely. That's where they, that's where the devil gets his power. Tell me what you mean. Well, you know, the destruction of everything decent, good and innocent. He loves nothing more than when we, you know, people give him the power by destroying it than he owns ba He owns the people who do that in his name.


And you know, they worship Satan. And I mean, people are always going, oh Roseanne, you're so crazy. But they do, they worship Satan just like we worship God only, I think they're more, whatever the word is, devout than we are, they're way more devout than we are. They never go a day without Worshiping at the altar of the devil and doing his bidding. We'll, forget about God when we, you know, we go and we only turn to God when, you know, we're having troubles or something, or when we feel bad.


But those guys are at it 24 7. And that is what, that's when you asked me what's going on in the world, that is exactly what I think is going on in the world. It's a big old war. It's a war between good and evil. And you know, you've got two choices who you're gonna serve. You're gonna like that Bob Dylan song. You're gonna serve somebody. It may be the devil or it may be the Lord, but you're gonna have to serve somebody. So I always say, choose wisely. This is the time to choose wisely. And a lot of people, they're on the fence 'cause they, you know, they're like, well, this doesn't involve me or I don't wanna get involved.


But the thing is that they are choosing to be with the devil by doing that. And they're gonna pay for it too. What, what, what do you mean? So you're saying that the people through whom evil flows are destroyed by evil? Yeah. The people who do evil are destroyed by evil. But by, but the people who don't hate evil, because we're commanded in the Torah to hate evil. We're not supposed to tolerate or love it or look the other way or forgive it. We're supposed to chase after it with hate to disti, to extinguish it from this planet.


And that's the only thing we're allowed to feel hate for. Not for another human being who happens to be captive of the force of the devil, but the devil himself. We are supposed to hate him. And the evil he does by serving our God and by loving our God and loving what's good because God is good. So when you're not choosing, you are choosing, you know what I mean? You're choosing not to be on the right side. You're choosing to go, oh, well it doesn't involve me.


Well, it does involve you and you're on the right wrong side of stuff. You didn't pick it, pick for you. Like a lot of people will say, well, I'm not political. I don't care about politics. Well that's fine, but politics cares about you and you are not immune. And I think these times are showing people that it doesn't matter if you think you are immune or You can, you know, immerse yourself in insignificant things, it's still gonna get you, it's coming. Right now, it's gathering forces coming for our country.


And you know, it's past time for us to sit around doing, going like, well, geez, I hope somebody will do something about it. It's way past that. When, when did this come to you? Oh boy. It came to me when I was three years old. I was three years old. And I, I grew up in an apartment house. I'm, I'm a Jew.


I don't know if y'all know I'm a Jew. I love being a Jew. It's so much fun. It's so much fun to be Jewish. I'm telling you. It's a blast. It is. It's so fun. And now, and I'm Jewish and my grandparents, they sponsored a lot of people to come over after the Holocaust. They sponsored, I think it was 20 families to come over from concentration camps. And my grandparents owned an apartment house. And that's where I grew up. And I grew up with survivors.


And every Friday night on for Shabbat dinner, everyone would come to my grandmother's house. You know, And, they had numbers on their arms. And that's where I started my career actually. 'cause I always said my grandmother had a big like Window. A window seat. And so I would go up there and entertain. 'cause I really don't like people all that much unless I'm on stage and they're watching me. Then I really love 'em. You know. But I'm not good on one-to-one things. 'cause I get tongue tied and nervous.


But I really liked entertain and And. they all clap and stuff. And I did my really good Shirley Temple impressions. And I made my mom do my hair in ringlets and everything. And my family lied to me. And, they told me that I was better than Shirley Temple and everything like that. And I believed till I was older. And that was a horrible let down there. But sometimes they would tell stories about what they had been through. They didn't have, you know, they were in PTSD, you know, and I was the only kid around.


And, and so they, they often would point to me, this is a lot of why I'm really neurotic and stuff. And, they would point to me, And, they would say little girls like her And. they would then they would tell a horrible thing that happened. Huh? What? I don't know what you're saying. Oh, well I love you too. You're so nice. Thank you. Well, so they's always pointing to me and going, little girls like her, they did this and that and they were watching the Eichman trial on tv, you know, And, they, and I'd come in and they'd go, don't let her watch it.


But then my aunt, they'd go, no, she should see this. I, I would never show my kids when they were three what I saw. But you know, it was horrifying and I got horrible PTSD from it too. And a lot of other mental things like obsessive compulsive and a whole bunch of ticks. But, so I wanted to get away from 'em. I went in the bathroom and locked the bathroom door. I was only three And. they all were coming. Hey, Rosie turned the black knob and you know, oh, she's locked. You know, they were Jewish, so they were like, oh My God, she's locked the bathroom.


Get call the fire department. But I was in there and I was like, I locked them out. And it was great. And so I was just all in the bathroom alone and it was really fun and stuff all by myself there without them there. And I had a vision And I had this vision and I saw, I saw, I saw a, a vision. And you know, I told people this my whole life and they're going, oh my God. She needs shock treatments and psychiatric care.


She needs to get her, you know, you know, you wouldn't believe till I stopped talking about it till I was older. But yeah, I did see a vision and it was, I guess it, I don't know what it was, but it was a guy, you know, a man. And he pointed at me just like they had pointed at me and he told me without words, you're gonna live. He said, you're going to survive this. And he said, and one day you're gonna have an answer to every question that's in your mind right now.


And I'm gonna be with you every step of the way. And you're gonna find those answers in books. 'cause I, I loved books when I was little. And you know, I've read thousands of books and I always find the answers in my mind. I'll tell you about that later. And then he told me, he said, Anne, you're gonna have your own television show. And it's gonna be called Roseanne.


The most interesting and newsworthy television show of the year is coming here to TCN We are not bragging. That's actually true. The president's been shy. I repeat. The president's been Shy. So, our longtime producer, Justin Wells and a team have been embedded with no publicity at all with Donald Trump on the campaign trail for months. They're the only crew capturing what is going on on the campaign in real time intimately. They're with Trump as he campaigns for the presidency across the country. And they've shot some amazing footage. It shows you what it's really like in there. So if you're a member, you'll soon be able to get this docuseries covering the historic campaign. The Fall of Joe Biden Never before is seen footage from the assassination attempt at the Butler Township Pennsylvania Trump rally. and a lot more, it's gonna pull back the curtain completely. They are embedded inside the campaign. I can't wait to see it personally, but to get it first, go to Tucker Carlson dot com, become a member, the greatest television event of the year. We're proud to offer it.


So that's why I know there is a God, because it came true. You know? So I knew it was a God force that was saying that to me. So I was like, yeah. And then it happened. So I don't have any doubts about if there's a God or not 'cause of that, you know? Do You have doubts about whether good or evil wins in the end? Oh no. I have no doubts at all. Whether good or evil win. I know good always wins. It takes its time though, because, you know, a lot of people have to wake up 'cause they don't even know what's the difference between good and evil. And we got a lot of people in our country, they still are blind to it.


They don't, they don't see that they're supporting evil. They have no idea. And you know, but now it's so in their face, I think that God is pulling the veil off of all of it in front of us and every day. Don't you just see it every day? It's getting harder and harder not to see it. And I think that yet these people, they have to work really hard not to see it and not to put the pieces together. And that's why we don't have any journalists, because journalists are supposed to put the severed parts together for us to get the picture.


So that's why they knew they couldn't have any of them. You know, we have to be, like I say, unified field of bullshit. That's what we have for media. Because if they were to tell the truth, people would get the picture clearly and wouldn't allow it. But they have plausible deniability. That's why they lie. Because people will go, well maybe it isn't that they're stealing our country and selling it out from under us. These people that pretend to represent us, maybe, maybe they're not making deals just for themselves and their families with the money we work up here to pay taxes and pay for all that stuff to kill, to allow them to kill us.


You know, maybe people would see real clearly what's being done to our, the people of our country. And particularly what's being done to the children in our country and to the children they're bringing to this country and to the genocide that is happening to those children that they're bringing to this country and to the genocide that's going on to the children in this country. Well, how would you describe that genocide? Oh, it's just so complete and on every single level it's fierce.


Well, you know, what is it like they say 80,000 children just disappeared that were brought over here. But that isn't even taking into account what I know. When I came to Hollywood, well, always, I was involved in stuff having to do with mental health and being a mental health patient myself, I always saw behind that veil, that iron curtain of what they do to people who have mental health issues, what they do in hospitals, you know? Yeah.


There's so many of us. And you know, being committed to mental hospitals several times in my life, having about, you know, 150 nervous breakdowns and such over the course of my life, huh? Just shout shit out, whatever. But no, but I would be in mental institutions with other young people, so I would hear from them what was going on in their lives.


And so I always knew, because they told me. And when I came to Hollywood, people regarded me as a mother figure, you know, And, they still do. And I love it. And I, you know, love it children, I love children of all ages. But people would come to me, kids in Hollywood, and you know, they would tell me things, a lot of 'em that never told their own parents. And I would listen because I felt like that was part of why God allowed me to Have what I got.


You know? 'cause I owed that, you know, I felt like I owed that in, in telling the story of this family that was archetypical to me of all the great families I grew up with, that were working class and poor, you know? Right on that line. And just were so noble. You know? That's what I wanted to bring to television because I was so sick of seeing working people insulted all the time, particularly, you know, I was just sick of it. So I would sit there watching TV and go, when I, when I get the Roseanne show, you know, we're gonna do, we're gonna show, you know, how Indi indispensable these people are the people who make everything go.


And I always regarded it as a spiritual, you know, mission to do that. And plus it made me feel good, you know, to do it because I knew that it, it wasn't, I knew they didn't, I knew the people in charge didn't value it, nor did they value the people at home that were making them all their money and watching it, and buying all their products and all that stuff. So I I sort of felt like a pirate. A pirate. Yeah. I always imagine myself a pirate. And this one friend of mine was a great professor of linguistics and theology.


And she wrote that people like us writers, that we are pirates on the subliminal seas. Don't you love that? I kind of do Pirates on the subliminal seas and stealing back what was stolen from us. So it worked. I mean, it was the biggest show in America. And then it became really clear to everyone in Hollywood that the people you portrayed and the people who watch the show were like a hundred percent Trump voters. Oh, yeah. And so, well, They always hated the working class.


They always hated the working Class. Why? I I've never understood that. 'cause they work, I don't know, I didn't grow up in the working class. I always kind of thought they were great. They could do stuff. They had actual skills. It wasn't just like all private equity. I mean, they like made stuff. Yeah. Well, these peculiar people in Hollywood, they're not like you or they're not like anybody. What are they like? Well, they're just very arrogant and very ignorant. They have no real life.


They're narcissists, first of all. They don't have any real relationships with anybody. You know, they don't have any real friendships. They don't have any integrity or authenticity or nothing. They're just, they're just phantoms. I think they're phantoms. I, I always say, when I talk to people, I think we need a new definition for what is a human being. What, what do you mean? And what is the definition of a human being? Well, to me, What, what's That?


I think you're being asked to comment on Diddy. Oh, on Diddy. Okay. But first I wanna finish what I, I, 'cause I said this, I, I talked some a little while ago, a week or so ago, but people were agreeing with me because I think, well, a human being cares about life. Yes. A human being loves life and living things and doesn't, and has empathy for living things and other human beings. And I think that's the big thing. It respects a human being.


Respects life, wants things to live, loves life. And feels empathy for other living things. Amen. That's a one. I agree with that definition. A hundred percent And. there are some people, well, they look like people, but you know, And, they act like people sort of, but, but they don't have none of that. They, they like, they like the idea of blood and war and death. They really dig that. 'cause it means, oh, they're gonna make another a hundred bucks or something. So are you suggesting they're not fully human?


I don't think they're human. I, you know, I'm a biblical student, you know, I, and so, no, I don't think they're human in the Bible. It says, is anyone interested in hearing me? I told, I always tell this to my family. They're used to me. But I'm like, you know, I always lose all my friends and stuff because, you know, nobody likes to hear somebody that just talks about the Bible 24 7. They're like, oh my God. Give it a rest. Get something else to talk about.


You know, people are bored with me when I do, but I, I love it. Not so, I just like to find other people that'll do that with me. But, well, I'm glad there's some of y'all there. Thanks for, thanks for that. Well, it says that, that you're sweet.


Thank you. It says, some of us are people and then some of us are messengers and messengers or angels. They come in two forms, negative and positive. But a messenger or an angel, it doesn't have a soul. It, and here's what it says about a soul So. if you know, if you are a soul or a messenger, a lot of people don't know. Huh? If you are a soul, a soul is capable of change.


A soul can change its mind, it can change its behavior, it can repent, it can grow, it can get better. It can do better. You know, it can change. A messenger cannot change. It's only here to tempt those who have souls. It tempts them to do bad or to do good.


So you think there, 'cause it says the devil, Satan, his Hebrew, in Hebrew, what he is, is the prosecutor. Because when you go to heaven for judgment in the court, he shows up as the prosecutor on the other side. 'cause he knows your sins better than you do. So if we're trying, you're saying that if we're trying to assess people, the ability to repent and change is the number one way we understand what we're dealing with.


Right. And so a lot of these things, a lot of these messengers are, they are like phantoms. And we can create them in our mind with, when we are not honest with ourself and we're not right with God, and we just like project our own crap onto everybody else, we can create a phantom that way by projection. So now, if we get a good angel or good messenger that brings us good, a good message that lifts us, that's a gift from God.


You know that to do better, you know, to go the right way. Donald Trump. But a lot of us, I don't, what'd he say? Donald Trump. I'm gonna tell you all about Trump in a minute. And, but a, a negative messenger, they just want you to mess up because then they've got you. And when you think your God, when you think your sins are so great, you go, oh to hell. I'll never get better. And then you just keep doing bad. So that's the trick. You know, We've all seen that.


Yeah. You've known Trump a long time. How would you assess Trump? I think that he's, I think that he's, he's biblical. I think he's messianic. He's a messianic figure to me. And it also says that every, you know, Torah also says that every tribe of human, you know, every tribe of being is here to fix itself through repentance. And, you know, by being real honest with yourself and, you know, going to God and saying, I did this.


Like to have the capacity for self-reflection. And Trump is doing, Trump I think is here to do the lifting for our country. Everything that our country did that was bad. He's here to lift us out of that and take us into the good. Well, he's certainly revealed a lot of it. I will say that I always think of Trump, that the main, looking back a hundred years from now, I think it'll be clear that because of Trump, a lot of us, I'm in the category for sure.


I lived in DC I had no idea what was going on in the city I lived with, among the people who were my neighbors. I had no clue until Trump showed up. Really? I really didn't. I mean, I, I really didn't, I don't know. Wow. It's like, if you're, if you're married to an alcoholic, it's like all your friends know, but you're the last to know. Yeah, that's true. And if you're living in a, I mean, I thought NATO was like a good thing. I had, oh My God, I know you don't know when you're in the middle of it. You Know how many people still think that like, they like zelensky and shit. I can't even think I, I could lose my mind over that. Like, they go, oh, he's Jewish.


Well, he's a FA Nazi zelensky. I don't care what I mean, I just lose my mind for this stuff. Do you meet anyone who agrees with you just checking More and more for a long time? Well, not in Hollywood. Hell no. Not in Hollywood. No. I never met nobody that agreed with me in Hollywood. What did they think of you? Oh, well, they, you know, when I would say, oh, they just hated my guts And.


they were terrified of me too. Why? I thought they were terrified of me. 'cause I was a woman for one thing. They're terrified of women. Yeah. Especially, especially the kinda women they got out there are terrified of women like me. They're terrified. What, what kind of women do they have out there? Whores. I noticed that you're a, you're a word, men's earth. Where'd you learn that? But they asked. They are though. You know, they are, they don't have any, you know, they, I'm no self, none of 'em has any self.


It's just a boar. They're all boars. And you know, like I was a woman. I mean, I'm a comic, you know, like, I think they were shocked. I think the first time I ever went to a meeting at the network there, that was something they were like, it didn't compute. It's like somebody like her, I mean, she should be serving us coffee. That's how they looked at. She should be serving us coffee or cleaning up something. And here she is telling us what she, what. She didn't go to Harvard. None of that shit.


Oh, you, so you go to Princeton. Wait, you didn't go to Harvard? No. Nor Princeton. None of that shit. Okay. No And. they were like, geez, you Dr she's a high school dropout. And she's sitting up here telling these network people what to do. And so I think they didn't like me for that. You know, plus I said things like, when they'd say, well, they'd say crazy stuff. Like they'd go, like, they'd say like this. Well, Roseanne would never say that. They'd say that to me. Roseanne would never say that. They'd say that to me.


Roseanne would never say that. And I'd go, what are you talking about? And they'd go, not you Roseanne, they're psychos. I go, but I, I am Roseanne. What the hell are you talking about? I am Roseanne. I know what Roseanne would say. Trust me. She would say that And, they say, no. You don't understand. There's a difference between you and the character you portray. No, there isn't.


There's no difference between myself and the character that I portray. I write the fucking jokes. You asshole. I'm sorry. Excuse me. I'm so dirty and awful. I'm sorry. But they made me so mad. And then they'd go like this, they'd go, well, we feel that that is not the right way to go. And so, you know, I just got madder and madder. 'cause you know, I came from nothing. You know, we ate the welfare cheese in my family, which was very unusual for Jews to be on the welfare cheese.


It was. But, but so I say, you know what? You're making a big mistake. I go like, you, you are thinking the wrong way. This, this ain't a democracy. Okay. It's a queendom. It ain't no democracy up in here. Okay? It's a queendom. Read the name of the show. And so then it was like, God, she's such a bitch. Then it was like, she's a bitch. And then I'd see him like with Jerry Seinfeld and the men. They'd go, oh, he is just, he knows what he wants.


You know? He is a great leader. He really stands there and he stands out. He knows what he wants. He has the vision. She's a big fat bitch. They always did that to me. And that drove me crazy. 'cause I knew what they were doing. Even Those, I think they're, they're very for women's rights. I thought they're pretty big feminists, aren't they? I think they like fun Planned Parenthood. It's kind of weird. They didn't listen to you? Well, I wasn't that, I wasn't that kind. I was, Oh, I know. I wasn't that way. I was like, well the mom, you know, the mom and the dad. I like there to be a mom and a dad.


You know? I like there to be a male and a female in the power equation. You know, I, I like men and you know, Hollywood, everybody's gay as hell. Ask me, ask me who's gay? I'll tell you. Just ask me. I'll tell you. Diddy. Oh, they're all gay as hell. I always knew they were gay as hell too. 'cause when they're getting out, they're going, I'm a man and I, there's nothing but bitches, And, they this and that. Gay.


Right. Gay. Well let's just get on the list on who's gay then. Ooh. And you know, I said I, my brother and sister is both gay, you know, and that's why I put gay characters on tv. 'cause you know, we all love the gays. And I said, you know, 'cause I grew up with the gays and everything and, and you know, I love my brother and sister and you know, they've been with the same people for 35 and 38 years. And you know, I've been married nine or 10 times, so you can't go by the stereotype there.


So I wanted to present, you know, normal people, they're married, And, they have children, you know, they're, and I said, well, but the bad thing about giving the voiceless a voice, they never shut the fuck up. That's a problem there. But no, they should have quit back when they got, yeah. They didn't need to go this far. You know, come on. It's all about the middle. Right? The vast middle there. The extremes have marginalized the middle. It's Insane. Oh, I've noticed. It's insane, ain't it? How did they marginalize Main Street?


Well, they, they've decided and they've succeeded in making people with normal goals. Like getting married, have kids buy a house, send the kids to summer camp. Like these are not crazy. Buy a helicopter, take over the world goals. No, but all of a sudden you're like a freak if you want to have children, it's like, shut up and freeze your eggs and go back to work at the bank. It's like, no, no, but for Real. I know Most people I know have, including me pretty moderate goals. I know. Yeah. Like, but those are considered heteronormative or racist or something. But no, every person, regardless of what they look like or where they're from, kind of has the same goals.


Yeah. But they've been redefined as freaky by the freakiest people in the world know. That's my read on it. I know they're the, these people going around showing their wieners and all over the streets, you know, walking around in their parade Parades. Where are you on wiener flashing? No, but I'm saying the people sh showing their wieners to the kids. They're saying that we're offensive. They're the ones saying we're offensive. It does seem, what were you saying earlier about projecting? Yeah, because they have no self. What does that mean? So they have no self. Can you flesh it out a little bit?


Well, I think when they look in the mirror, they don't see a reflection because they have no self-reflection. All they do is go after everybody else. But they don't go, Hey man, I have, I have total double standards. I'm watching everybody on, you know, everybody who loves Trump go into prison. And everybody on my side who's done 10 times worse, they don't even get, they don't even get arrested or get a ticket. They haven't arrested anybody that burned down all those cities. But a old lady that walks through the capitol, a grandmother, they throw her in prison.


They don't even see it. That's what I'm telling you. They Not even you, they're not investigating the Epstein murder. No. They promised an investigation. They've never done it. No. Right. But I think all of 'em, the uniparty, they are just trying to, they are, they're scared to death and they're just trying to protect themselves. 'cause when that list comes out and all the other stuff is dec classed, you know, it's gonna be like worse than the emperor naked. It's gonna be the emperor went to Epstein Island and eight people.


And you know, they do that. You know, they eat babies. That is not bullshit. It's true. So it's not just the dogs and the cats. Not just the pets. It's not just the dogs and the cats. They're full on vampires and everybody still thinks I'm crazy, but I'm not crazy. They're full on vampires. They love the taste of human flesh. And, they drink human blood. They do Tucker. Stop staring at me like that. You're freaking me out, man. They do. Because you spent your life in the entertainment business. So I think you have some authority on this.


So many kids that I was in mental institutions with over the years, they are all from those cults. And they've covered it all up. They cover it all up. And You know, I just pray to God, I'm just gonna pray to God that he opens everybody's eyes in this country. By the time we go into vote for Trump, that he will open up everybody's eyes, And, they will stop pretending to be asleep. You know what they say? You can't wake people up that are pretending to be asleep. But I pray to God, please wake up. Even those who are pretending to be asleep with the irrefutable truth of what the worst people on this planet are really up to.


They are really up to that. They're doing it. There are so many victims. There are so many victims. There are so many children, victims that are now adults. There are so many adult victims who have been raped and brutalized and seen their brothers and sisters murdered in these houses where their parents are, you know, drug addicts. And because that happened to them too. It is at, you know, what did they call it when Covid?


What was that? The Big lie? No, That big lie. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But they said pandemic. What's the word? Epidemic. Thank you, honey. The epidemic in America. Thank you, honey. The epidemic in America is child sexual abuse. And I just want people to see it. I want people to open up their eyes and see how prevalent and horrible it is. One of three girls, one of four boys in this country today. It's just horrible. And you just can't la la lie it away anymore.


It's gonna get more and more apparent. And you gotta choose your side. We, you know what I said when they did, when they didn't pass that safe law. Boy, am I getting mad? Do you know Tucker Tucker? I'm I better? Shut up. No. Do you know how many people I had? do you know what I do? Do you know what I've done? Since they stole that election in 2020, they gave us a goddamn covid. So we'd send in those mail order ballots and all that bullshit. And the post office cheated too.


Everybody in this country cheated us out of our president in 2020. They made us sick. They, I'm sorry, Go baby. They over the United States of America, they overthrew the Constitutional Republic of The United States of America.


And. They Covered it up with their January 6th bullshit with their insurrection. Because the first thing President Trump did. God bless that man. And I love him and everybody knows it. I love him more now than I ever loved him. And I loved him pretty damn good. He drove me out in a Bentley when I did my second HBO Special Ed Trump Palace in Atlantic City.


If you've seen it. He's always been a good friend and a good man. And to me and to a lot of other people. And what was I saying? I'm old. I forget what I'm saying. What was I Saying? What I wasn't kidding about Roseanne being interesting was I, I mean No, I'm sorry. I can No, it's true. I forgot what I was saying. You said they overthrew Trump. Yeah, they used the covid. Yeah, They made up, Up. And then January 6th They got a fauci gave everybody aids.


Did you know that He did Google it. He withheld the AIDS treatment from dying people and came back to give us covid. And he's working on a whole new, and nobody stops any of these people. How come the same people are still around? The ones with the fake Pfizers and Obama. This is fourth term. How come nobody does anything about Obama? And he is still running around after Fast and Furious, after fake Pfizers.


They overthrew the government of our country. And, they haven't even answered for it. And that pisses me Off. Oh, I remember what I was gonna say, you guys, since they did that, Tucker, I'm sorry, but since they did that. No, No, sorry. And someone cheering backstage was, yeah, No, I have been on the phone. You guys would not even believe how many people I have called every day. I am on the phone and I'm causing trouble every single place I can wall to Wall Coast to coast, I'm, you are the best.


'cause you know why? Because you know how Trump says, they're not after me. They're after you. And I'm just in their way. You know how Trump says that? Well, they're not after America. They're after the world. And America's the only thing that stands in their way. That is true. If they take America, they'll take the whole damn world. Every kid in it. I'm here for the kids. I'm here for the kids for, I'm a grandmother.


Everybody says, you raised me. You know, a lot of people come up And, they go, you know, I am the woman I am today. 'cause you raised me. And I go, don't blame me that you're a hoe. Because A lot of 'em, I don't wanna take credit, But, But I just feel like I'm No, but I feel like I am a grandma. And to these people, they say, you know, you raised me and now my kids watch you. Well, that means something to me. And I never would take that for granted. I never would. It means something to me.


And, and so I wanna, you know how Trump, we have MAGA and then RFK, we have, we have Maha Make America healthy again. Isn't it great? Well, I'm launching one Make America Moral again. And it's called Mama.


And what that means is no more double standards America, no more double standards anywhere. Because that means You don't have no standards. One law for everybody. Amen. And since I am like in the position to be America's grandmother, now by God I'm gonna do it. You know, I, I don't know why this is from my act, but I do try to correct children when I see, you know, their parents don't even watch 'em these days.


And so, you know, I, I will step in when I see I do, I have to, and I challenge all other grandparents. You just have to, you probably can't get away with it like I can. But you know, I just have to do it. I'm a just a nosy old woman and I feel like God wants me to do it. He wants me to do it. Like these kids are screaming in the hall in my hotel, you know? And no, but I do do this. And my son said, you better stop it, mother, because someone's gonna sue you.


But Well, what did you do? Well, these two kids that, it was the day of the football game Saturday and these people was getting the elevator And, they all dressed, their outfits were for the Baltimores and Oh, the Bal The Baltimores. Yeah. Yeah. And whatever. And so they get, I don't know. So they get an elevator and the door closed. And, there was these two, like, I guess they're like probably 12 and 13 boys. And when the elevator door closed, they go, Cowboys Like that, they scream in the hall, you know, I'm going in the elevator and just that reflex.


'cause I think God wants me to be the world's Jewish grandmother. I he does. 'cause it just came out me. I go shut Up. And, and I couldn't even believe I was doing it. And so they were real scared and turned around. And I go, do your parents know you're out here screaming in the hall? I bet they don't do they, I Where are your parents? And? they go, well, they're in the room. And I go, I bet they don't know that you're out here screaming. Like, this is somebody's yard.


This is a nice hotel. You don't go screaming in the halls at a hotel. That's what they looked like, just like you. And so I said, you don't, you don't do that. So, you know, they didn't know who I was. So that was cool. And then so the next day I go out, you know, and they're running in the hall this time. So I thought, hell with it. This is gonna be fun. So, so I chased him. I start chasing him.


It was so fun. I chased him down the hallway and the one goes and hides behind this one door, you know? So I go and I pull the door open, I go, I see ya. And then the other one goes this way and hides behind the elevator door. So I go over there and you know, I say, I see you too. And then, you know, they were real scared and stuff. And. they didn't know that I heard them say each other's name. They didn't know that I had heard that. So I go, you better watch it, Trey and Jordan. And they were like, and the elevator's doors closed just then.


And the one kid looks, he goes, how did she know our names? So then I went down the lobby, And, they were so scared or something. So anyways, the elevator, other elevator opens there And. they, they, they stick their heads out, look. And they're like, who is that? They don't know it's me. You know, Roseanne. And they're looking for that crazy woman, you know? And so I walk by and I go get Back up there. So they closing it. You're definitely getting sued.


But, you know, I don't know. It's fun. Can I ask you, I'm just so grateful that the Roseanne I know from text is now in public. It's just so great. I think you're an amazing person. I've always thought that. Oh, I wanna say one more. Are we? Yes. Are we ending? Well, I'm gonna ask you one more big question. Oh. 'cause I got something at the end. Okay. You You can, You can hit 'em if you want. I'm not judging. You can hit that if you want. You know, they say that the cigarettes kill the spike proteins. I think there's some evidence that that's true.


But I'm not a physician, so I'm not gonna, so Do you guys know how much I love you so much? I love you all so much. We're gonna win. We're gonna win. Don't you doubt it for a minute. So that, that you, you, you got my question? You anticipated it. Oh, you really think Trump's gonna win?


I don't know what in the hell's gonna happen. I mean, it could go so many different ways. I don't know what's gonna happen. I'm being real honest. But You seem hopeful despite, you know, everything that you said. Yeah. I'm hopeful because I know there's a God, and, and you know, God always wins. Yeah, I know. He is trying to wake us up. I know he is playing some kind of game with us where it's like, no, that's not gonna work anymore. You are gonna have to repent. I think he's telling us, no, you're gonna have to face what you did and say you're sorry and make, you know, recompense for it.


And come to me with a clean heart this time. 'cause we're not playing games no more. This is it. I I said, You wanna save your country, start with yourself. Start with loving each other and you know, love me. You wanna save your country. Start there. Start at home. I think that's what he's telling us. I I, I feel that so deeply. I think you're exactly right. Yes, I do. If you wanna to save your country, start with yourself. Tell the truth and, and be be real about it. Be rigorous about it. Like, and be Brave. Yeah. Be braver than you've ever been in your life. Be brave, brave till it hurts.


Have courage. Even when you're shaken in your boots. Do it anyway. Do it for God. Do it for Jesus. Do it for Jesus. You, there's no you, there's only God. Right? My mind is completely blown. Ladies and gentlemen, will you join me in applauding Rose? No, don't applaud. I gotta tell you one more thing. No, don't wait. No. Shut up everybody. No, I gotta tell you this one thing because somebody was telling me, and so here's what I said.


She said Don't say it, but I'm saying it anyway. I was on the phone and I said, you know what, we have to save ourselves. We have to do the work that Americans have to do. Like I gave this speech about Henry Knox. Did you ever hear about Henry Knox and Fork? Ty Ticonderoga. They dragged these cannons over ice with their, their feet, their, the leather of their shoes gave out. So they put rags on their feet to drag these cannons to get rid of the British And. they did it. It took them like four weeks to break these cannons down and drag them over ice bleeding, And.


they got all the farmers involved to make sleds. All the farmers, everybody, every American of every walk of life got involved together to make the sleds, to pull the cannons to surround Boston to win the war. And that's what we have to do. We have to put rags around our feet and not just sit there on the internet. I am telling you, we have to, you know, this is what I wanna see happen. We've got a march. I think we have to march.


I think we've gotta get all the truckers in our country. I think we have to get all the farmers in our country. I think we have to get everybody who's so pissed off that they are gonna try this shit again. And we're not gonna let 'em. We have to say no. We have to say no And. they have to see us say no. They have to see us say, no, we can't be coward. We can't go, oh, I'm afraid they're gonna dox me or fire me, or I'm not gonna get a paycheck.


Fuck it. We have to go. We have to go. I'm just putting it in your head. So. if you hear about me organizing a great big frigging march, think about Coming End with that. Can we applaud you now ladies and gentlemen, Roseanne Barr, the big tech companies censor our content.


I hate to tell you that it's still going on in 2024. But you know what? They can't censor live events. And that's why we are hitting the road on a fall tour for the entire month of September coast to coast. We'll be in cities across the United States. We'll be in Greenville, South Carolina with Marjorie Taylor Green Sunrise, Florida with John Rich Jacksonville, Florida with Donald Trump Jr. You can get tickets at Tucker Carlson dot com. Hope to see you there. Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson dot com.