
With Lucky Land sluts, You can get lucky just about anywhere. This is your captain speaking. We've got clear runway and the weather's fine, but we're just gonna circle up here a while and get lucky. No, no, nothing like that. It's just these cash prizes add up quick. So I suggest you sit back, keep your tray table upright and start getting lucky. Play for free@luckylandsslots.com. Are you feeling lucky? No purchase necessary. BGW Grove avoid. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


The most interesting and newsworthy television show of the year is coming here to TCN. We are not bragging. That's actually true. The president's been shot. I repeat. The president's been Shot. So our longtime producer, Justin Wells and a team have been embedded with no publicity at all with Donald Trump on the campaign trail for months. They're the only crew capturing what is going on on the campaign in real time intimately. They're with Trump as he campaigns for the presidency across the country. And they've shot some amazing footage. It shows you what it's really like in there. So if you're a member, you'll soon be able to get this docuseries covering the historic campaign.


The Fall of Joe Biden Never before is seen footage from the assassination attempt at the Butler Township, Pennsylvania Trump rally and a lot more. It's gonna pull back the curtain completely. They are embedded inside the campaign. I can't wait to see it personally, but to get it first, go to Tucker Carlson dot com, become a member, the greatest television event of the year. We're proud to offer it.


I can't believe I'm here. Thank you for having me. This is wild. Oh, it makes me feel much better. Thank you. Oh yeah. Thank you very much. I, I can't believe I'm, I, I can't believe I'm here. I woke up yesterday morning in the little rural town where my wife and I live with our many, many dogs and it was 40 degrees and I woke up at like five in the morning. The dogs are like, what do you think if you stir early, the dogs resent it, particularly the females very entitled.


But anyway, and I thought, I can't believe I am getting on the road for a month to coast to coast, 16 different cities. And weirdly, I, it put me in such a good mood. It put me in such a good mood and I just couldn't, I love where I live and I'm totally happy there, but I just couldn't wait to see other people who I'm on the same page with. I I just couldn't wait. I couldn't wait. And, and I feel like it's really important. I, I've spent a lot of time, I've been fishing very intensely recently trying to think this through And.


there is something about being outside in the quiet running water that, you know, sort of opens up your brain. And I do think that that the two things that hold people who have my beliefs, your beliefs back is one, the feeling that you know, you're totally isolated, which is by design. Like they give you the feeling that all the things that you're upset about are totally fine. And it's always been this way. It's always been this way. You crazy. Like you're nuts. There've always been like all these vagrants, like living on the sidewalk. You don't remember that. Are you a freak?


You some kind of fascist shut up and you're like, oh, maybe there's something wrong with me. And the second feeling that they give you by design is that there's nobody else in the world who agrees with you. You're just this island alone, like sitting fuming in your living room. Yeah, well that is, I don't wanna repeat the profanity. Someone just used to describe it, but it is not true. In fact, the opposite is true. You are not a freak. You are not a fascist. You're not a malcontent. There is nothing wrong with you. You're not the crazy person. You're the normal person.


Your desires are totally normal. You have no desire for like world domination. What? You have no desire to tell your neighbors what to do. You don't stay up late worrying about the sex lives of people in Brooklyn, whatever. You don't really wanna know the details of the sex lives, the people in Brooklyn, 'cause it's weird. But you're kind of happy to let 'em do their thing. They don't feel that way at all about you. They stay up late worrying that somewhere in some small town, maybe in Alabama or here in Maricopa County, Arizona, there's somebody who disagrees with them and they want to control you on the basis of that.


Because it's not politics, of course, it's, it's a religion for them. And I would guess that a lot of people in this room already have a religion. And they don't need to worship politicians as gods. They don't think political parties are churches. They're instruments to give them space to do the things that really matter to them. Like find a mate, have children, do something useful in the world, maybe have grandchildren, maybe sit at the head of the table as a patriarch or matriarch. Like these are the things that matter. Those are not freakish desires.


That's the essence of what it is to be normal and well adjusted. Where you have a personal life that you don't necessarily share on Instagram, because not everything is for public consumption. You're allowed to have your own eccentric little opinions. You're allowed to have relationships with other people that aren't on public display. You're allowed to live a life without being spied upon because privacy is a prerequisite for freedom. You'll notice they, they spent, you know, decades telling you about the right to privacy, which is really what I was saying.


Abortion's great, okay? But they had no interest in privacy whatsoever. And anyone who does have an interest in privacy would be a little concerned by the fact that your phone is literally listening to you at all times. And that your every movement, your every utterance is being tracked by governments, by business. Is that privacy? No. That's like something that the North Korean government would like to achieve, but can't. And our government has. And that's no problem for them at all because they don't care about privacy because they don't care about the individual and they don't care about your interior life or your right to have one. No. They believe in the collective. They believe in the group over the person.


They don't acknowledge the individual as a meaningful category at all. And so when you know their president is revealed as senile, no problem just slipping somebody else, it, it doesn't make any difference at all. 'cause it's not about the person, it's about the group. And if you're wondering like what that was where, what everyone in this room has been saying for four years, which is the president has no idea where he is, they were forced to admit that. And all of a sudden the guy just disappeared. Like never saw him again, went to Rehoboth and never came back. And they throw in this other chick who like 20 minutes ago we were all making fun of for being Monte Williams' old side piece. And now she's the, She's not just the single most accomplished human being in the history of Western civilization.


She actually created Western civilization. But she's also a religious figure at the level of say the Buddha. She's a font of joy. You feel joy that comes from her. She's a living river of joy. Give her thanks for your joy. What Montel Williams' side piece is the source of all my joy. Really? Does anyone really believe that? Well, no normal person believes that. But people who could care less about the individual, the distinctions between people, the sort of person doesn't even acknowledge that individuals have names and souls because they're created not by the government, by God.


If you don't acknowledge that, then it doesn't matter who the person wearing the crown or holding the nomination, it doesn't matter. It's irrelevant 'cause it's about the organization. It's not about you. You are irrelevant. You live as a worker, be only to serve the collective. That's a totalitarian worldview. That's not a normal worldview, that's a diseased worldview. That's sick by definition. If you begin to think of other human beings, not as people, as individuals with names and souls and hopes and opinions, but as instruments, as little widgets waiting in a bin to be assembled for your greater glory.


If you start to think of people like that, there's nothing you can't do to them. There's nothing you can't justify doing to them, up to and including really hurting them. And you've seen that in movement after movement throughout world history where a leader decides these aren't actual people, these are whatever. They're voters, they're cannon fodder, they're worker bees. They don't matter. That's the mindset. And this country, of course, was founded on the opposite precept. The precept that God created people and the land and the birds and the deer and the dogs over whom we have dominion. But we did not create them. We didn't create animals, we didn't create mountains.


Somebody else created them. God created them. We can't destroy them because we didn't make them. And the country was based on that true idea. And if you didn't make something, if you don't own something, you have to show respect to it. It's not yours. Other people don't belong to you. Actually, there's a limit to what You can tell them to do because the they're not objects. And it was on that idea that this country flourished as the freest place in human history. That idea was a pretty simple idea. But again, it's an acknowledgement of what is true. We don't have absolute power. We have some power. We have a standing army. We've got a massive legal code.


But there are limits to what we can do to you because we don't own you. Because you're not slaves. You're free people because God created you. We didn't. And that's often described as a radical idea. I don't think it is. I think it's table stakes. I think it's reality that's just fundamentally true whether you acknowledge it or not. And our government was forced to acknowledge it because of our founding documents famously. So I would say that people on our side have completely misframed the debate over say free speech. It's not just annoying or awoke. When someone punishes you for giving your opinion, it's totalitarian.


It's the first step to hurting you because it's a sign that they don't consider you human. You can't tell another human being what to believe because you don't own that person. It's literally that simple. So this is just a long way of saying what I really wanted to convey, which is how grateful I am to be in a room full of thousands of people who know that don't just know that intellectually, but feel it. And I just hope that you remember, no matter what happens after this, and it's the beginning of September of an election year, so I can promise you America will not look as it does today in two months. It won't. It won't. A lot's gonna happen that we can't control or predict.


But trust me, it'll be a different place by the first week in November. But no matter what happens, and I'm praying for good outcomes, of course I know everybody in this room is no matter what happens, just remember that you are not weird, weird. So weird. Say the castrate your children people. It's just weird. Okay, say the Well, I love you too. And but, but what I wanted to say is Everyone, every kind of normal person, which is the overwhelming majority of people in this country and this world actually, particularly in this country, no matter where they're from, no matter what they look like or who they voted for in the past, they know that.


They know that. And they all want the same things. And I would say 80% of the ruling classes, time is spent convincing us to hate each other. And I, you know, one of the reasons such a thrill for me to travel is that there's so little actual experience of hate when you're wandering around. I mean, I think of myself probably correctly, it's one of the most hated people in America. And no, I'm not whining about it. I don't care, you know, badge of honor. But No, I, I, I, I don't wanna make it about me, but I'm just saying like, just ask yourself, when was the last time that you were, I don't know, on your front lawn or at Walmart or standing in line at the DMV and you heard one person attack somebody else in the basis of like race, I'm 55, I've never heard that.


Not one time I've lived here the whole time. That's actually not what the country is like. People are really nice to each other. By and large people are really warm to each other. They actually have a lot in common with each other. And if you watch the way the country is portrayed riven by racial tension, The horrifying legacy of America, all right, stop. You're boring me, but you're also lying to me. That's not the America I live in at all. People are pretty nice. You sort of deal with people individually and you don't, you don't kind of see them as some alien, they're like Americans. They're just like you kind of distressed about inflation and their mortgage payments and how their kids are doing and they don't wanna castrate their kids.


Please. It's like nine freaky rich ladies in Santa Monica want that. That's it. You know, that's just like not a common thing. It's not, it's, that's just not it. It certainly happens a lot. I would say it's a disproportionate amount of like fourth grade school teachers. I happen to notice as someone who married a fourth grade school teacher, I don't know what happened to that group. A lot of them have gone insane. But sorry, just true. I used to love fourth grade. I was proud to marry a fourth grade teacher. They're so sweet. This is pre castration now. I'm kind of freaked out by them. But, but whatever. Outside of a couple small pockets of truly unhappy, miserable people who've never had a sound night of sleep in their life, who don't have a single functioning personal relationship who hate themselves so much that they have to transfer that hate onto strangers aside from them.


Most people are like, they think it's bizarre because it's, they think all of this is bizarre. More drug addicts. Like, who wants that? Nobody wants that. There's nothing sadder than addiction. There's nothing sadder than watching people kill themselves. Like it's just awful. And it's being pushed on us by people who are truly in misery who deserve our prayers, but their desires are not an accurate measure of what the country iss actually like. And so to stand in a room full of people or to travel across the country from my weird little remote place where I live and encounter, not a single person who yells at me or just like, Hey man, I don't agree with you, but it's great to meet you or whatever. Everyone's just so nice.


And I have to say, as someone who spent his life in the media, and I won't go on about this, but 33 years in the media, it really makes me despise them truly. Not just for lying, but for the divisive nature of their lies. You know, if you make people hate each other, I, I'm not sure there's a graver sin than that, you know? And if you're a parent, you know, can you imagine anything darker than convincing your own children to dislike each other? It's the deepest hope in the heart of every parent that his or her children will love each other. That's the thing that you leave behind, is the love between your children for each other, not for you. You're gonna die, but for each other.


And that's the thing that gives old people comfort as they pass out of this world, is the knowledge that certain knowledge of their children will continue the family through their love of each other. And so as a parent, any normal parent, like you don't have to read a parenting book to come to the conclusion. It's a product of your deepest instinct and desires. You want the people in your care to love each other and get along. And it takes a truly sick puppy to want the opposite.


Did you know that there are multiple companies, big companies with names you probably have never heard of that keep a living profile a dossier on you based on everything you do on the internet, which is most things at this point. This actually happens. It's not a crime show. It's not some fantasy on television. This is the world that you live in. Everything you do online is recorded and sold to big companies, advertisers, and even the US government. What are they doing with this information? Well, in some cases nothing good at all. It's the equivalent of looking through your window, filming you and selling what they see to someone you've never heard of who's doing this data, brokers are doing this. They're vultures who make billions selling something that doesn't even belong to them. Your private data, again, like filming you through your bedroom window. Some people know this already, but they continue to do nothing about it. In fact, most people sadly have given up on the idea that privacy even exists online. It's depressing and it's scary because remember, without privacy there is no freedom. You don't want to live in a country with no privacy. You don't wanna live in a place where people just give up and assume everything they do is being watched by some creepy company or the government. You wanna live in a place where people take privacy seriously, where they take back control over their own lives. We've done that with the product called Express. VPN. What is it? Well, it's a virtual private network that reroutes a hundred percent of your internet activity through encrypted and secure servers. That means that nobody can see what you're doing online. No one can steal your information and resell it or use it against you, including the government. Express. VPN also hides your IP address. That's the number that personally identifies you on the internet. You think you're anonymous, you're not. So when data brokers buy the data, they know it comes from you and they use that to build a profile on you, a dossier. So the internet was supposed to give us the freedom to explore, but data brokers take away that freedom by selling your info to marketers and big tech companies who then limit and control what You can see online. It is incredibly dystopian and it's happening right now. So ExpressVPN is a pretty good idea because it protects you from all of that. It's got secure servers all over the world. So You can use the internet as if you're in 105 different countries. Just pick the country. You go into a place that blocks websites and sensors, the content You can see. Or in China for example, well You can read whatever you want through Express VPN. It gives you back your right to explore the intranet freely to read what you want to read, to say what you want to say. So no matter what you do, You can do it privately. With Express VPN, You can use it to protect your entire family. It only takes one tap to connect. Even your kids can figure out, even middle-aged talk show hosts can figure it out. We can tell you firsthand. And it works in all your devices, phones, tablets, televisions, desktops, up to eight devices at once. That's more than enough to protect everyone in your household that, so right now, You can get three extra months free. When you use our special link, go to ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker and get three extra months for free. That's ExpressVPN r ess vpn.com/tucker.


Hey, it's Sean Spicer with the Sean Spicer podcast. Let's face it, life gets stressful, especially if you're part of Team Kamala. I mean, they must be sick to their stomach thinking about taking on Donald Trump. But maybe it's more than that. Maybe they have gut issues like many of us do. Did you know that 70 to 80% of Americans suffer from some kind of gut issue? Gas, bloating, constipation, indigestion. But it's not just your immune system that suffers. It's your mood, your sleep, and so much more. A healthy gut is at the core of our health. So team Kamala, this may be exactly what you need. Just comms exclusive, all natural mood lifting blend is clinically proven to help you relax and breathe easier in as little as four weeks. And for next level mood and immune support, try the Just Thrive probiotic. Now, you may already take a probiotic or think you don't need one, but here's the thing, 99% of probiotics on the market don't even get through your stomach. They die off before they get to your intestines. Well just thrive. Probiotic not only has a thousand times better survivability than most probiotics, it's got more clinical research than anything else on the market. Plus it supports your immune system, helps manage weight, skin, mood, and most of all, better sleep. So You can wake up refreshed and revitalize with just calm and just thrive probiotic, you'll have the ultimate stress fighting duo to help you win the day every day just like I do. And for a limited time, You can try just Thrive probiotic or just calm and save 20% on your first time order. Just go to just thrive health.com and use promo code tucker. That's just thrive health.com promo code. Tucker,


When you think about businesses that are selling through the roof like aloe or Allbirds or skims, sure you think about a great product, a cool brand, and brilliant marketing. But an often overlooked secret is actually the businesses behind the business making, selling simple for millions of businesses. That business is Shopify. Nobody does selling better than Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet. And the not so secret, secret with shop pay that boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning way less cards going abandoned and way more sales going. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better, be ready to sell whatever your customers are scrolling or strolling on the web, in your store, in their feed, and everywhere in between. Upgrade your business and get the same checkout Skims uses. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/try. All lowercase. Go to shopify.com/try to upgrade your selling today, shopify.com/try.


So I would just say two things and and we're going to sit and do a show with one of my all time favorite people, Russell Brand, who's such a, by the way, if I can just say, not to digress, You can imagine having dinner with me. It's like no one can stay on the topic, but Russell Brand is such a perfect example of what I was just talking about Russell Brand. And I have right about zero in common. He's from another land, he's what we used to call a foreigner When I was at CNN, by the way, I love the word foreigner, I think it's hilarious. And they came into my office one day when I worked for CNN for years.


I was never liberal just on the record, but you know, it was a different time. It was the nineties. And I called someone a foreigner and the standards and practices chick comes into my office and she goes, well I just just want you to know what's CNN. Our standards prohibit the use of foreigner or foreign, there's no such thing as foreign. We call it international. And I wanted to say you are a wellon freak. Get outta my office before I vomit. But I was like 29 and so I didn't, I was like curry. So over the next week, I must have used the phrase, I have an international object in my eye like six times when you work in television, particularly for like a humorless fascist regime, like the Cable news network, you find ways to amuse yourself.


It's like the Vietnam POWs blinking SOS with their eyelids. Like you just want, you wanna feel like you're still human, you know What I mean? It's these little acts of resistance that keep you joyful inside. But anyway, so Russell Brand is a foreigner. He's from a foreign country called the uk Russell Brand was a movie star. I haven't seen a movie since the late nineties. Russell Brand is obviously, you know, kind of like alternative. If you haven't seen Russell Brandand, you'll see him, you'll, you'll know what I'm talking about in just a minute. And Russell Brand has for his whole life, been a man of the left. And so like I didn't know that much about Russell Brand other than he's like international, pardon me, foreign famous person.


And somebody sent me a YouTube clip, YouTube clip about three years ago of Russell brand talking into camera. He's just remarkably articulate like God-given eloquence that the rest of us just really en envy. But he was explaining the, the what was going on with the covid lockdowns and it was so resonant. It was like something, it was like a tuning fork. When you hear something that's true, even if you don't have evidence to support that, it's true. The truth rings in your head differently from a lie. If you've had this experience, when you hear the truth, it has an effect on you.


And you just know, you just know in your soul that's true. You couldn't defend it in court, but you don't need to because you know, and I'm watching this guy and I'm just, I'm I'm, I don't think I've been that thrilled watching a YouTube video. Most of my YouTube videos are about tying trout flies. So you know, I've got a pretty boring diet on YouTube. But this video, I just thought this guy, we have nothing in common whatsoever. I'm sure he hates me. I'm sure he is on the record hating man, I'll Google myself. So I've never checked, but this man is on the same page I'm on. We're hearing the same music. He, he knows what's true and he's in that weird, very small percentage of people who know what's true and are brave enough to say, so who've made this decision like I just don't care.


Or maybe I do care, but I'm gonna do it anyway. And of course the definition of courage is not, not being afraid. People with head injuries are not afraid. You know, they don't know to be the definition of courage is doing something when you are afraid and jumping outta the airplane. Anyway. And that's what I was watching this man, I thought to myself, this guy is really famous and he is famous in the entertainment business, which has no sense of humor about descent whatsoever. They'll cry, he'll never be in a movie again. And he's doing it anyway. And by the way, people on the right don't even like him. It's not like he's jumping to his natural home among American conservatives. God looks like a freak.


Are you kidding? I'd be like, who's the long-haired Brit? Like no thanks. And then all of his buddies are gonna be like, oh, you're a fascist now. We hate you. Cancel your dinner party. Invites like you're done. And he's doing it anyway. And that that really has been my experience for the last four years, which is, you know, the world that I lived in is gone. And if you live long enough, you'll experience that. And it's a poignant experience. All the institutions that you loved and believed in, people you were close to, the rituals you had, the places you went to eat lunch, the places you walked with your wife, they're all gone or they're changed unrecognizably and you can't go back.


It's like going back to your hometown, you know, as an adult and everything looks so small and sad and you're like, wow, I thought we were kind of impressive. No, if that doesn't happen to you, don't do it. It's super sad. And. so that happened, I think, not just to me but to an awful lot of people during a very short period starting around Memorial Day of 2020 when the revolution began. And very few people knew what it was. It seemed like just some guy was getting roughed up by the police in Minneapolis. What we didn't know what it was. It was the overthrow of our civilization. And I think it's pretty obvious now. So you look back at the cost to you in your own life, the people you're alienated from who just like won't invite you to Thanksgiving. The family members who are mad at you, who won't talk to you and all the things that you've lost.


And I bet a lot of people in this room know exactly what I'm talking about and the sadness that accompanies that. You know, the feeling of loss. Like I really lost something I loved and I'll, I feel it very strongly. I'll never get over it. But there is a countervailing force as there is in the universe. It's called good by the way. It's called good. I heard someone's really brilliant the other day. Say, you know, as a minister said, you know, people always ask me, what do you make of evil in the world? But no one ever asked me, what do you make of good in the world? And if you think about it, why should any of us be surprised that there's evil in the world?


Right? No one should be surprised that there's evil in the world. Whether it's the five-year-old with leukemia, or it's a world war and innocence die, you know, it's evil. It's so obvious. It's right in front of us. More inexplicable, harder to understand, less predictable is the existence of selfless. Good is existence of like unexpected altruism where people literally lay down their lives for their neighbors, which happens all the time. You see it all the time in small and large ways. And I guess the point I would make, and I will stop on this, is you see it now more than ever, and I, I'll just, I'll give you my testimony on this, which is as sincere as I can be, that for all the friendships that have been destroyed, certainly the acquaintanceships that no longer exist, although people who would never text me back, ever, there are so many people I've met who I never thought I had anything in common with at all.


In fact, there's some who I really disliked or thought I disliked. And it turned out we had everything in common. We had everything in common. And the relationships that I have with people now, including Russell brand, are so much deeper than any relationship I've ever had in my life. It is such an abundance of blessings right before this, I shouldn't even say this, but it's true. I've given a lot of speeches and been on a lot of stages with a lot of People. you know, not all of whom won't return my text now. In fact, none of whom will. But anyway, whatever. And so you sort of know the protocol backstage or whatever, and you sit and tell dirty jokes or whatever you do, talk about run of show or whatever.


Russell brand goes up to me and he goes, will you come back and pray with me? Ugh. And it made me emotional. And by the way, if you had said to me five years ago if Russell Brand could and been like, will you pray with him? And you're like, no I don't. I'm married, dude, I don't go that way. You know? I just wouldn't, I don't know. I wouldn't even have understood that language at all. And I wouldn't, I would've been so ashamed just and self-conscious. And I never would've admitted it if I'd prayed with a man backstage. Like, I don't think so. I'm not telling anybody about that. That's too weird. And and we did. And it was just beautiful.


And now I'm so proud to say it, not because I'm like any kind of role model. I'm hardly a role model. And that's kind of the beauty of it. I'm the opposite of a role model. I worked in cable television for 30 years. You think I'm a role model? No. And that's okay. I'm not gonna speak for Rosa brand. I don't think he's always been a role model either. But when you have a really honest relationship with someone and you have confidence that the opinions of strangers don't matter at all because you're loved by a force that's bigger than Twitter, You don't care.


You can admit it and You can take deep joy from it. And that is happening to me on an almost daily basis. I'm not always praying with Russell brand backstage in arenas in Phoenix, I'll be honest. But I am having conversations and I bet you are too. If you think about it. I bet you are too. You're having conversations that are so much more honest than anything that would've been possible five years ago. Anything. And all I'm saying, and I will stop on this, is that is something to be grateful for. It's something to acknowledge. Yes, evil exists. Yes, it is more obvious than it's ever been. I can't say if it's more prevalent or not. I'm not God, but I can certainly say it's more obvious.


None of this is political. It's political. It's political. No it's not. It's spiritual, obviously. There's no rational explanation for anything that we're seeing. The only explanation is the oldest of all explanations, which there is a battle all around us at all times that we cannot see between good and evil Obviously. Obviously. I first came to conclusion a few years ago and I was like, wow, it's such a revolutionary concept. I don't know if I dare tell anybody this. And then I realized, oh, it's the oldest concept in history. Every book ever written is about that. I'm 55 and I finally figured it out.


Okay, kind of a genius. But anyway, the point is, for all the time that we spend looking at things and saying to ourselves, or I'll speak for myself that I do, and I'm like, I can't even believe that's happening, that's just evil. Hurting other people is evil, period. It's the definition of evil. For all the time I spend marinating in that and feeling sad about it, which is a lot. I spend so little time, relatively speaking, marveling over the displays, the open displays of love and kindness and selflessness and honesty between people. Which is another way of saying I spend too little time being grateful for all the good around me. And there's so much, so much more than there is evil.


And that shouldn't surprise us because in the end, good will win. Period. I don't know where this goes. I can't even guess where this goes, but I know who wins in the end and that's good enough for me. Thank you. I can sincerely say you're one of the people I most admire. I grew up in Southern California in the seventies, and people who set barefoot Indian style and chairs were considered not on our side. And it's such an incredible thing for me to feel this soulful and real connection to you and to feel like we have the same instincts about things.


How would you describe, I'm just gonna throw, throw it out because you're about to find out how much more articulate he is than I am. How, how would you describe where we are right now as a world? It's a bit weird. Whole scenario is rather weird. Thank you so much for having me. A foreigner in your country, Obviously It was quite easy to get in. No passport, just traipsed in across the border. Trafficked a few kids over.


Sorry, let, I'm sorry, I laughed at that. Yes, Yes. So it feels weird. So I guess the question is, I have felt a mixture of emotions over the past couple of months experiencing things as I do like a dog does, which is instinctively by smell. And I have felt great hope as I expressed, but I've also felt anxiety about where things are going. So you are spiritually in tune to put it mildly. Are you hopeful about the future or despondent? I was listening to you just then, and I, I don't just mean the bits where you were very kind about me. I paid attention to everything you were saying.


In fact, it was quite difficult 'cause I needed a we quite badly. And I was listening to you talking about me and I went, oh no, I'm gonna miss what would otherwise be a wonderful experience listening to someone I admire, talking in front of an arena of committed spiritual people about me because of a primary function. In the midst of it, I felt, you know, after I'd had the we now I'd had the we after that, I felt a great wave of optimism because this has been a time of bewilderment and delirium perhaps. I suppose the recent Olympic opening ceremony was a good example of how despair and annihilation can come about from the bold desecration of things that we vividly understand to be sacred as your great comedian.


George Carlin said, when interests converge, there is no requirement for conspiracy. There seemed to be a great many interests that benefit from, as you addressed earlier at the podium, that has mysteriously disappeared now probably because of the deep state. It's probably in area 51, No doubt Alex Jones predicted that would happen. Podium will be taken away, someone will come, they'll take a podium, man, there's ExtraGen of water supply change that podium's gender.


All true, by the way, that's the crazy part. I know. It's extraordinary, isn't it, with Alex Jones, like if anyone else was on film saying that nine 11 would happen and then nine 11 did happen, you'd have to give that person a few passes. I think there'd be a national holiday. It would be called Nostradamus Day if you actually called it in great detail. And instead people are like, oh, he's crazy. Really? Then how do you do that? He's a sort of mystic, and I suppose the, our culture makes no room for mysticism because if you worship rationalism, rationalism and materialism have at their apex, humankind.


And the individual I spoke briefly by text actually weren't even a proper conversation. I don't remember pretending it was a more intimate connection than it was. I had a text message with Father Julian of the Brompton Orry and I, I asked, I guess he's a, was a, he's a Catholic priest, and he said that the enlightenment, in spite of the obvious, many miraculous achievements of science, could also be regarded as an amplification of force light. The force light that drowns out the true light. Now, a character like Alex Jones, there's no question Alex Jones has said some pretty out there and crazy things.


But when you have an undue reverence for just the rational, just the material, and that's not to say that the material and rational don't have their place for, they too are a creation of the one supreme creator. It's what what happens, I believe is you end up relegating and negating the mystical. You end up, in fact, if you I suppose replace the state as the apex of our hierarchies of meaning, then You can start to replace all of our values one by one. You can start to remove ideas that are sort of sacred, ordinary, presumed with new ideas.


And this state of bewilderment, and I mentioned at the beginning, is beneficial, I suppose to power. Power the powerful appear to benefit from chaos. The more there is chaos, the more there is conflict, the more there is bewilderment, the easier it is to assert authority. And I suppose the clearest example we got of this, or a clear example was during the pandemic period where the convergence of interest included, well, one would have to argue pharmaceutical companies appeared to benefit. It would seem superficially, Yes, as measured by share price. I think that's fair.


Governments appeared to benefit from the ability to regulate. It seemed that there was an opportunity to denigrate and marginalize and condemn people. So I suppose that's an example of how crises and chaos benefits powerful interests. And I suppose that if you have that kind of polarity, a kind of tension where crisis is beneficial to the most powerful interest in the world, it's likely that you will see a perpetuation of crisis, endless crisis. If The military industrial complex benefit from war, you will have war. If the pharmaceutical complex benefit from ill health, you will have the perpetuation of ill health.


If they require you to eat food that's bad for you and take medicine that's bad for you, then you find that this great wonderful nation in which I'm a foreigner, TRAs in willy nilly back and forth, that border almost at will popping in them cages that Obama built. Then I suppose that what you have instead of this wonderful nation, Even, those, you know, of course I'm still somewhat agitated by your victory in the Revolutionary War. In, in instead of the greatest nation in the world, the world, you have a kind of conveyor belt where we are sort of turned into larvae with parasitic tubes attached to us, one end being pumped full of sugar and seed oil, the other end being pumped full of needless pharmaceuticals.


What it, I mean, as many amens as I can muster that, but as a long time pizza enthusiast, lifelong really, I've lived on pizza actually almost exclusively for many, many years. If you had, I know it's disgusting. I know. But if you had said to me that five years ago, I'd be like, you know, come on, there's nothing wrong with wheat, then settle down. It does seem like just in the past, I don't know, year less than months even that what you just said is resonating with people, even people like me, the pizza enthusiasts who have never thought about this at all.


That seems like a mo, almost a movement in America, acknowledging that we're incredibly unhealthy, that unhealth is by design, and that an unhealthy nation can never really be free. Do you feel that? Yeah, it's really good, isn't it? That you are doing this live Tucker one because of course, when you are making live appearances like this, you are able to be in the obvious presence of your audience. You're able to hear immediately how people respond to what you're saying. And I hope that you are able to a degree to feel the tremendous and warmth and love that these people have for you.


Well, it's funny, I, as a wasp, I'm never gonna acknowledge that, but I feel the love they have for each other, which is way better and very, very obvious. I reckon I could embarrass you to death up here. Yes, You can stop it Embarrass you to death in Phoenix and you would have to rise with metaphorical perfection from your own ashes.


So this is a stressful time of year. The kids going back to school, vacation is over. It's the height of a presidential election season. There's a lot going on. You need a good night's sleep, but it's never been harder to get it. So we were talking about this in the office the other day, and a couple people who work here were raving about a product called Eight Sleep. Hmm. And I wanted to know more about it. It turns out that temperature has a lot to do with whether or not you sleep comfortably and wake up feeling rested like you actually slept. Now the makers of Eight Sleep Pod figured out that if you make a climate controlled mattress cover, You can add to your existing bed. You don't have to buy a new bed, just the cover that it changes everything. You get far fewer problems with falling asleep and staying asleep. And so you feel rested the next day. Sleep actually has its desired effect. The eight sleep pod can be used to warm up or cool off your bed. And that matters because temperatures change seasonally. We have climate change in this country, it's called winter. And so You can feel comfortable all night long. It even adjusts to different preferences on either side of the bed, which might be helpful in your relationship if you have one of those relationships where the different partners want different temperatures. And those are pretty common. The eight sleep pod has been studied, it's been proven to improve people's sleep and health. Mark Zuckerberg's init, Elon Musk on the other side, many others use this product, including people here. So try it. Go to eight sleep.com/tucker. Use the code tucker to get 350 bucks off the Pod four Ultra recommended.


Yes. I mean, I suppose, look, they took a terrible risk with that internet because the, the power of the internet it, it grants immersive surveillance, incredible opportunity for censorship, almost totalitarian control. And that's plainly The Trajectory that they prefer totalitarianism and technological feudalism under the sort of peculiar veil of kindness and protection. In order to protect you we're gonna have to control and citizen manage you to within an inch of your life. It's so peculiar that the characteristics of our Lord, omniscience, omnipresence, omnipotent are being emulated by the state, that they are emulating the glory, that they are replacing the glory.


Truly Luciferian Thra is offered, the Apostle John, the Apostle Paul and our Lord and Savior all say that Satan is in control of the world. In material there is Satan. And I suppose technology is the advance of material. We are in a sort of a heightened moment, I suspect. But whilst the technology I've referred to, I suppose in particular instantaneous communication, does grant the opportunity for total surveillance, it does also grant us the ability to create a movement in which we can defy in real time their assertion that we are governed by bigotry or prejudice.


Because if there is, and it seems among them, there is at least this offering. One message of Christianity that I find deeply heartening. of course, the salvation, the redemption, the eternal life. But the kindness, the non-judgment, the absolute radical love of our Lord. There is no tribunal higher than his. There is no judgment that I'm in a position to offer. We are all in the same category together as fallen. And perhaps in this moment with this miracle of communication that could be used for totalitarian control, this message may spread the message of deep tolerance, deep love, and a great ability to oppose what I consider now to be it's forgive the radical metaphor, a satanic force.


Amen. So how did, I mean, if you don't mind, describe how you arrived at what you just said, and your, I hate to use the word journey, but tell us what happened in your life. Mental illness, Good Old fashioned. Oh, well, I suppose Tucker, what it must have been is that I am, this is my apostasy as a devotee of materialism, as a devotee of culture, being accepted into the high cathedral of Hollywood, being granted access to the deep privileges of the hedonic, of epicureanism, of making pleasure and privilege and prestige and all earthly things.


My God, setting up false idols in high altars, worshiping them, find, placing myself at the center of the universe, always worshiping myself, placing myself before him again and again. I have fallen again and again. I've been shown that there is no answer there, but the culture is predicated upon serving that impulse. I was fortunate, I suppose to have an extreme example of it. If you grow up a tubby, chubby, ordinary little boy in an ordinary little town like gray's in Essex, in the uk, because we're in Phoenix, Arizona, you may not get the reference. So think New Jersey, If you are plucked from that obscurity, and granted the opposite of the shame and ignominy that it can be to be a part of a blue collar community, to know normalist, normalness and to no neglect.


And suddenly to know the lure and light of attention to suddenly feel beautiful. You can feel I felt elevated. I suppose temptation is not a trivial thing, otherwise the battle would be done. But temptation, I'm pretty weak. And I was easily tempted and easily overwhelmed and easily conditioned. And I suppose because of that, because at my heart, I am devout at my heart. I am devoted at my heart, like all of us, I suppose. I worship and love, I worshiped and loved false things.


And if you have, as I have a deep, deep need for God, and the culture will not tell you that you have a deep, deep need for God, then alcohol is your God. Heroin is your God. Fame is your God. Money is your God. Sex is your God. Pornography is your God. They will offer you a vast pantheon of deities to prevent you from seeing the real light. Blessedly. As a drug addict, I had to get clean. And that's the beginning of an awakening. As I say, I am a very, very slow learner. I'm a fast talker, but I'm a slow learner. Eventually through suffering, through seeing the fame and sex that I had so eagerly worshiped, turned and metastasized against me by a machine that loathed those that speak out against it, I was forced to recognize my deep, deep foolishness.


Thankfully at the same time as I was enduring deep vociferous and vehement attacks from the culture that I had once worshiped at the false order of my little beautiful son was born. And at 12 weeks old, he had heart surgery at the famous great Ormond Street Hospital. When you hand over your baby to the anesthetists, knowing that he will undergo a 10 hour trial, it looks like, it feels deeply biblical. It felt like some sort of slab that he was being handed over to the anesthetists seem unusually large, these sort of giant and towering men.


And to see a doctor apply gas to this 12-year-old week old baby's face, and the tears of my wife, his mother, to be in the room downstairs, having left my little son and to see the milk come through her, top the milk she could not feed because as with adults, before major surgery, you can't feed the infant. I experienced such powerlessness and pain, but also such a blessing to be shown that amidst the Tal and maelstrom conducted by the spilled and nefarious ink of the desperate liars that operate in the central institutions of propaganda and deceit, that once I was happy to break bread with and feed at, I was shown a deeper truth, thankfully, by the excellence of those surgeons and by the grace of our Lord God and my personal savior, Jesus Christ, my son is well, I'm a slow learner.


So I was shown. I was shown. He showed me, this is what is important to you. These are your former gods. What have your former Gods done for you? Where has it brought you to? What has it delivered you? And the reason that I'm honored to be able to pray with you prior to coming out here is because I need to continually recognize that as the great pastor Rick Warren wrote the first four words of his book, it's not about you, it's not about me. And I, I, I, I think you are a great testimony to that because before you never seem nervous, you never seem concerned. I see you from time to time. I consider our friendship to be a great privilege.


And like, you know, maybe you are being massacred in the media. Tucker Carlson spoke to Putin, Kill him. And I'm like, you okay? You're, yeah, Right. Hi. He's not taking it seriously. Tucker Carlson is not taking it seriously. Tucker Carlson is doing what he believes in Tucker. Carlson is not a racist. Tucker Carlson does not believe in dividing people. Tucker Carlson doesn't believe in supremacy of any individual race or group.


Tucker. Carlson is a patriotic American. And, And it pains me to say this as an Englishman and as and as a red coat. There's nothing wrong with That. So, but then you took, well that's such a wonderful description of what happened to you, but then you took this amazing step of talking about it in public. And I just feel like there's nothing more radical that, I mean, you had a drug problem.


You've talked about it a million times in public. There's no sanction against that. I, I use heroin, I'm now better. People are like, oh, you go Russell Brand, you got there. You start throwing the J word around, man. Was that a tough decision for you? Well, actually I didn't really make any decisions. I don't, I didn't make a decision to get baptized. I didn't make a decision to start talking about Christ. Actually, I, I don't know what the hell I'm doing. I've been making, like if I'd have thought about this more carefully, I probably would've done things differently for a start. I would've put shoes on. But I I, in the midst of the crisis that I described to you, the existential crisis and like it, I know Christians, it was a lot of Christians that appeared, appeared out of the midst.


Now in my country, I dunno about here, they do their level best to make Christianity as absolutely tedious as possible. Like to make it like there's nothing to see here, there's nothing of interest. You don't need to pay any attention. Like, but it's quite amazing that God came to earth in the form of a man and was sacrificed, sacrificed himself that we may be redeemed, but somehow in England they make it sound rather boring. So what happened to me? I mean like I just started to, I read that book, the Pastor Rick Warren book, purpose Driven Life, because I saw him talking about his son taking his own life.


And I saw the way that he spoke about that and how unabashed and unapologetic he was and how he was just in the pain of it without any sort of pride or, you know, let me, because I've been so attuned to ego. I imagine that if you were, and this I suppose is how I would've categorized him a sort of personal development person, but that's of course not what a pastor is because there is a difference between personal development and becoming a servant and becoming a, a servant of our Lord. When he was saying like that, his son had taken his own life of wow, he doesn't seem like sort of embarrassed. All he feels is sad because you know the loss of your child. And I know there'll be people in here that have experienced that. of course there will be people that have lost children. There'll be people that have lost people to suicide.


I'm sensitive to that. He just seemed to feel the sadness of it. Now at that time I was feeling some pretty profound feelings. The person has to die. The old man has to die, the Adam has to die, that Christ may be reborn. There's an argument indeed for saying that the, if we don't make our body a temple for his dwelling, it will be a dwelling place for the enemy. And I think, you know, as a drug addict, you are trying to synthesize spiritual experiences.


You are trying to find meaning and connection and purpose. You're trying to transcend self quick talker, slow learner. I read that book Bare Grills of all People, you know, bare grills like Running Wild with Bear grills. Bear grills sort of like appeared in my existence coming out of the shadows and like said, said, would you like me to come and baptize you on the 28th of April? And I sort of went, yeah, but I meant no, I would not like you to come. You sort of make plans. I'm not very good at temporal reality.


I'm always agreeing to things on the basis that those things will probably never actually happen. That won't, that will never actually happen. And if it does, by the time we get there, I'll have fought an excuse to get out of it. And oddly, I was in Florida Tucker near where I visited you previously, and like I'd made this tentative plan to be baptized by SAS elite soldier beer grills, which was seemed odd even as I was mulling it over. And it was a, I was at an Easter ceremony where three churches, I guess like a Baptist, Methodist and Catholic church were all dooming the sermon at dawn on, at Easter, I Was standing right next To you.


Yeah. And like these sort of kids said, Hey, we've been like these sort of gang of kids. Hey, we're from North Carolina. Hey we've been following your Christian journey, Hey, you wanna get baptized? And I was like, oh yeah, I'm, I'm gonna get baptized. I think, whoa, we can baptize you. Yeah, we baptized each other. I baptized her, she baptized me. I went, you're not gonna gang baptize me, but I could feel it, you know, went back home to England and sure enough, the 28th of April did happen. That's how calendars work.


It came immediately after the 27th of April. For those of you that have a nerdish interest in such matters, immediately before the 29th right there, it sat And there came bare grills. And Bear Grills does his sort of, that SAS survival thing. He does that like all the time. Like even when he is in your house, he's sort of surviving there. Watch out for that candle. He said at one point your fence isn't high enough. He bought some hymns. I mean, he's excellent. He played the piano, he bought hymns. Sort of amazing. Like I was very overwhelmed.


It was very difficult to have any pretense about being an alpha male in the company of beer grills. I just, you know, I just let it go. You know, like we were on a row boat. We went and picked up a pasta from the, to do the baptism and everything. I lived by the river and that was the river that it was gonna get done in. And it's the River Thames. And of course the Thames War and municipalities being sold off to multinational conglomerations who, because it's more profitable to dump sewage in the beautiful and sacred river Thames, rather than provide a sewage plant, do dump sewage into the Thames. Companies that are in sort of like Hong Kong and Canada. It's not to shame those particular nations, but probably the water municipality should be owned by the community of people that live there and shouldn't be a for-profit entity.


Really. The people should run that, not corporately. It's just a thing I've been thinking about anyway. Like when I was, I was put in that water, you know, they baptized me backwards and I came out there and I sort of felt the Holy Spirit. Although, you know, given what's in that war, it could have been e coli. Something was, something was happening. So there was never a deliberate choice that Christ chooses us. We have been chosen. I, I wish I had known earlier, I wish I hadn't thought that I was too clever for the religion of my grandmothers.


I thought, I thought that I was too smart. I thought somehow that I knew what was in the Bible, even without reading it. I thought, I get the idea, you know, angels, Jesus reading it. It's blowing my mind on a daily basis. I, I, I can't believe the profundity, the depth, the incredible beauty, the deep truth available to all of us. And I know there are many ways of receiving the Lord's truth and the Lord's wisdom, but it's transforming me very quickly. I didn't make AdChoices Tucker and I have mentioned the way that you operate as well, that there is a, a kind of surrender. I'm not saying that I'm without shame.


I'm not saying that I'm without fear. I'm not saying that at points, I don't feel compromised and uncertain. I'm saying that since being baptized, since becoming Christian, since surrendering to him, I feel his presence continually, I feel it now. I feel it in this moment. And I feel free. And like you said, I mean I'm studying that Bible. There's nowhere where he says specifically Russell, I want you to overthrow the government. There's no, it's not in there specifically. Keep reading Revelations 13, there's some strong suggestions.


But Romans 13, he seems to be saying, you know, I dunno, we're gonna have to work it out probably by the end of the evening. I would've thought. It seems like the pressure's increasing. So what, I had a similar experience. Right. I thought I knew it was in it. I had no idea I'd never read it. And I read it took me a while, 18 months. But it, it, I was shocked, completely shocked by what was in there. Are you, Yeah, as acts, first of all because of course the gospels are incredible. The accounts of the, at our Lord and Savior, but in particular acts because he's passed and the kind of fervor, fibrile, evangelism and zeal of the apostles.


Like the absolute belief like, like early on with Stephen like being torn apart and just going, whoa, yeah, I'm Off. Like and Paul, like I thought that Paul was like sort of the first among conformists, but there are trials and shipwrecks and jail breaks. It's incredible and marvelous. See Paul put a real shift in, in establishing Christianity. This just in, He was in jail so many times and it never bothered him. He didn't mind did he like on that shipwreck. It's all chained up on a ship. There's gonna be a shipwreck. He seems perfectly relaxed about it. Better Write another letter.


Seems to have been his primary response. So how different was it from what you thought it was gonna be? Well look, in my country we have a thing called the Church of England. And the problem is in the name is that there are not a hierarchical implication in the name Church of England. There are these, some of the people in the Church of England have been sort of instrumental in educating me in my very nascent early new journey into Christianity. And it's certainly not a cri a criticism of those wonderful ministers and teachers and men and women of faith.


But secularism is all well and good as long as the state doesn't behave like a God. As long as the state doesn't give you some new edicts, as long as the state doesn't set up some new apostles and doesn't deliver a new liturgy. That seems to be designed to inhibit and prohibit the freedom of the individual and to diminish and dilute the sanctity of the individual and the beautiful space that can exist between us when we live in good faith with one another. True diversity is a glory but superficial diversity to mass homogeneity.


Yes, I feel, yeah. When there's homogeneity of one idea, one Globalists idea, centralizing power by their fruit, shall you know them in the pandemic period, wealth transfer. Guess which direction it was that way. It wasn't the, it wasn't, it wasn't the diversification of wealth. It wasn't the empowerment of people, it was the centralization of authority. It was the centralization of wealth. It was the centralization of power. I, I suppose what it doesn't it seem that there is some sort of inert paradigm that continually tries to reassert itself. That revolutions take place. And then curiously, after the revolutions, power structures are somehow superpose themselves once more on the amorphous super state of potentiality.


They exists. In the beginning there was the word and the word was God and the word was with God. Or as they might say in quantum physics, a super state of potentialities that could become anything that can be spoken into being by us, but through faith can be bought into being by us. That requires God does not require us. The trilogy, the Trinity. It's not a movie set franchise. I've only been, I've only, I've only been Christian about three months. I've, I've got a lot to learn. I'd only been Christian 10 minutes. I had to take someone down the hospital. I was doing Christianity within no time at all. I've been eating that Christianity so hard. It's exhausting. Thankfully there's eternity for me to recover.


What does your, what does your friend say? My friend say Well hmm, you know, like I Even those, I'm sort of here because I feel that the circumstances permit it and you've been kind enough to ask me here and people are kind enough to listen. I'm proselytizing and talking but like I don't like to impose myself. You know, like if people don't ask me, I won't like start hitting them up with the Christianity. Like waiting for a moment where they seem sort of a bit weepy and vulnerable and sort of leaning and go, have you considered Jesus?


You know? But if they ask, they're getting it. My wife cradle Catholic, my wife's father very devout Catholic, MM my mate, most of my mates are people in recovery. And we have to believe in God otherwise we can't cope and we'll kill ourselves. So we've got no choice. And like it's funny, it is funny 'cause we are talking about it more. It's becoming more explicit among us and it's lovely to hear working class British men getting into Jesus.


It's sort of like, like my mate, my mate's like started watching the chosen and he goes, I'll tell you what, only four we'd done about 10 miracles. He'd done 10 in one episode the other night. I dunno what I'm gonna do when they nail him up, I'm starting to like him. I gotta say one of the highlights of my summer, maybe the highlight of my summer, we were in Milwaukee last month, maybe I shouldn't say this, but we were in Milwaukee for the Republican invention and Russell was there and he texts me and he goes, do you want to go to a meeting? I've been sober 22 years but I don't go to any meetings 'cause I always thought it was weird and like, you know, whatever. Sure. So we go to this meeting at seven in the morning in Milwaukee, in a tough in the hood in Milwaukee.


And we walk in and I would say at least 50% of the people there, the men there were from a men's shelter or some post-prison facility. And I walk in with Russell, they're like, Russell, what are you doing man? He'd been there like, I dunno, three times or something before I got there. And watching you, watching your total transparency with the people there, watching your love for them, their love for you. It was just like, it was so, it was so wild. It was like, I've not stopped thinking about it. So we finish and I'm coming from the hotel and I had someone driving me and I said, do you want a ride back to downtown or hotel?


And he goes, oh no, I'm going with this person who's driving me this like random person for the meeting and Russell gets in the car and I said, where are you going? He goes, I don't know, we're going out to breakfast or something. And I thought, I've never met anyone in my life who's more open to other people this morning. I'm walking through the hotel lobby, I look and there's Russell in the gift shop talking to the gift shop owner like this. And they're like, look at each other. It's really intense. He's having like the world's deepest conversation with the gift shop owner. And I think there's something about that that is truly Christian, seeing every person as a human being, not as a sum total of whatever badges the person has for achievement, but seeing the person who God created that God and the other person and being totally open always to the possibility that God is trying to speak to you through that other person.


I was telling the people I was in the car with today. They're like, tell me about Russell brand. I was trying to explain what you're like and I said, you'll never see Russell brand walk down the street with his head down, like focused on the destination. He's always totally alive to the possibility that God's gonna like jump out in the form of some person and like give him a message. He's looking into the eyes of every single person he passes and like half of 'em like Russell Brand, Hey, how are you? Take him by the arm, look right into their eyes. Can you imagine experiencing life that deeply all the time? It's just beautiful to watch that. I just wanna tell you, I noticed that, Well this is a lovely holiday.


I must say I am really enjoying this. I probably won't sneak back across that border. I might stay here. I mean, listen, I suppose one of the great opportunities that we are afforded by bringing our faith to the forefront of this conversation is the possibility of deep unity and of forgiveness. Because an election by its nature is a time of conflict and competition. It is an election, it is AdChoices, it is a decision. But after this election, you are gonna be the inheritors of the new United States of America. And my hope is that it will be a period of reconciliation and coming together. And I, I suppose in particular, I'm encouraged by the joining of the, of Trump's Republican MAGA movement by Robert Kennedy because I've known Bobby Kennedy for a while.


Not as long as you o of course, but I, I believe Bobby Kennedy to be a very decent and beautiful and kind man. And I also note that since he has joined the campaign, he's brought to the forefront. And I'm of course not being claiming to be an expert in your politics, but I noted that he spoke about free speech and the integrity of that ending war and children's health, From which I can only conclude he must have become some sort of right wing fascist.


I think that children's health was the giveaway. You evil man. It Bobby, like you seems like one of those people who had to give up a lot to follow his conscience. And he does seem liberated in a way. He seems like he's crossed some line where he had to do the most unpopular thing and in so doing, he became kind of a different person. That's the feeling I get from, I just saw him last week and I was really struck. He seems different. He just seems like liberated. Well yeah, I watched that episode of your show and he was so lucid and articulate when he spoke about nature and our connection to nature and his own love of nature Even.


those well formally, you know, I think you guys like to hunt stuff, don't you? And I know I do not judge Americans for hunting. I've had that argument and I'm never having it again. Well, we but to be clear, we hunt and release The release them Just kidding You. Release their weak corpses fly. Oh, non-judgment. No judgment, no higher tribunal than him. No point in arguing. I'm not arguing with anybody at all. It's, it's, it's most liberating. But yeah, I to your point, I think that your recent interview with, with Bobby, your interview with Cali means has been fantastic.


Cali means his Contribution To the conversation about Health And nutrition has been invaluable and transformative. Kelly means is in this room, by the way, should I, I don't, and and I don't know where he is 'cause I don't have my glasses on, but I just ran into him. And anyone who doesn't know about Callie means, and a sister Casey means that is worth a Google search. And their new book is a transformative book and I think it will change the country. Wait a minute, there he is, he's, he's drinking Coca-Cola full of Dr. Cali. He's drinking seed oils right now. Oh, Cali, not another hypocrite.


Yeah, he's pretty fantastic, isn't he? So I, I do, I suppose, look, you know, when I'm doing my own show, what I'm continually saying is because I still have the sort of remnants, a kind of pompe of former o of liberal friends, the sort of sort of frozen there in time. I saw have the, Wait, I'm sorry. Did you just say, I have a Pompeii, a former liberal that's like so brilliant isn't good. I just have to stop and acknowledge how great that Is. isn That's the metaphor I used. That's Unbelievable. People have frozen in place at their dinner table. That is what I was trying to do with language. It's so good Because I'm like, how can it be, how can you consider this to be an advocacy for freedom?


How can the word liberalism a word that's so the etymology of it is so interwoven with freedom. How can it mean more and more state power? How can it mean more and more advocacy for war? How can it mean more and more deification of celebrity and empty vapid language? How can it be more and more condemnation of ordinary people, more super seriousness and haughtiness and damnation. How can it be, but only the most superficial nod to kindness and compassion, but a negation of the deepest compassion and love. How, how can it be? That's why I came up with that Pompeii thing. Thank God you appreciated it.


I Loved it. So I guess what I'm, I'm interested in the Bobby thing. I, I love Bobby Kennedy personally. I think he's sincere for real. And I think his love of nature and his description of why we love nature. We love nature because it's the highest expression on the planet of, of beauty because God created it. And, and so we should preserve it and we should enjoy it. And the same goes for animals. I feel that way strongly. But, but it does seem like his entry into this, he could have just dropped out, you know, or he could have endorsed the party that his family's been associated with for over a hundred years. But he didn't, they didn't want him by the way, but he, I don't think you'd do it anyway.


It does seem like the moment that you've been talking about since I started watching you about this kind of convergence of people on the basis, not of party identification, but the basis of what they really believe. Shared values, shared interests. And that should be the basis of any movement. We're together because we have something real in common. Not something fake like a label, but something real like a, a temperament, a goal, a a dream, an aspiration. And it does seem like that's happening finally. Maybe I would think so because he's an extraordinary character to incorporate into that movement. And I think it will be very difficult to come up with contin, continual condemnation to such varied characters.


Trump it's easy for them to condemn him indeed as a misogynist or to continue the law. Bobby Kennedy, oh, he's a kook. He's a crackpot. He seems to think that the pharmaceutical industry have some interest beyond your wellness and your general health. The mad conspiracy theorists that, what are they gonna summons up about Tulsi Gabbard? I mean, as these sort of, the, the, you know, what is it gonna be? They don't like that streak in her air. That's the sort of thing a super villain would have. She's a lady Zo they may say General Zod Superman too.


Sorry, it was obscure. I'm just wondering how the, the sort of the creeping condemnation and the lack of clarity. When I watched that DNC and it's sort of giddy excitement for celebrity, which by the way, when I was the recipient of it, I would've happily sort of guzzled down like a narcissist knit wit. Easier to observe. Its ridiculousness on the outside, but it's, there was a fellow that came out, you'll know his name, but he was a sort of a, sort of a somewhat portly billionaire. He was of course saying like, please Craig, or something like that.


And he came out to say sort of like, you know, Trump's not a billionaire. I'm a better billionaire. You know, he said something like that. And, but just before Bernie, What a message. Just before Bernie Sanders had been out Outside all billionaires, all billionaires of every human and persuasion should be stopped. And then that guy came out and said, there's good billionaires and bad billionaires. And I thought, oh no, they don't have any sort of central defining argument. Just a desire to win an argument. And that's what happens, I suppose, when politics has been captured by the donor class and the lobbyist class. I wonder when we will see donations extracted entirely from politics, the profession of lobbying entirely removed, ameliorated annihilated, Radical decentralization, radical federalization.


I wonder when, because surely at some point the possibility would exist to have the experiment that I understand your f founding fathers were interested in unique experiments in republicanism or democracy. You can use whatever term, but don't offend anybody. But you could have principalities that were responding to the will of the people. And if the people are guided by God, if all of us are attempting on our own, not on our own, but via through ourselves and through our community to connect with God, then it's more likely that we will create communities and states and nations and a planet of peace and prosperity from the bottom up, not from the top down.


Not like the imposition of power structures. You can see its homage annuity on every matching high street or main street. You can see that it is like it's landed on our cultures. It's no different really. In my country. We have a similarly Globalists leader, an authoritarian who claims to care, who wants to protect you from you. Yet another Macron, Trudeau star, these kind of characters that come out often with wonderful haircuts to tell us that they care for us and they care for us so much that we have to have a, we have to remain in our homes and cover our mouths and we mustn't travel more than 15 minutes.


And you sort of get the sense that some dreadful revelations like marker the beast is about to be implanted under your hand all for your safety. of course you understand. And I feel like can't we just, we'll, I'll look after myself. It's all right. I don't need your continual care. I don't want to be medicated and cared for so aggressively. Do you, I mean, last time I was in the UK my, the driver actually on the way to your house was going on about how much he loved you. Couldn't believe he was driving me to your house. He couldn't believe it.


He was so thrilled. And I said, is, is Russell brand popular here? And he said, with people like me, this was actually a from Bangladesh, this guy. And he said, people like me, he's popular, but everyone in charge hates him. And that should not to be true. I can see why. But do you feel like People, you know, in your country are waking up to what you just said? I think so. I wonder in the problem is, and I suppose it's something that you've been very articulate about, is the primary vessels of communication appear to be controlled by a particular class of people.


And that class of people are somewhat reluctant to unhook themselves from a rather satisfying illusion. The illusion that what they're doing is valuable and important and that it's really vital that they continue to defect, to protect whatever, hmm, target, whatever nominated group it is that's convenient for that purpose from what they regard to be the sort of spilled and disgusting mass of ordinary people. And if for a moment they were able to consider that, that's no longer the congregation, that's not the world they're dealing with anymore.


I suppose there was for a brief moment after the cultural and civil rights movements of the sixties, a kind of alliance between working people and the intelligentsia and bourgeoisie, it's kind of been steadily breaking down. There's no question that the party of ordinary Americans working Americans is the Republican party under Donald Trump in my country, there's a sense of vagrancy. The party. The party in my country that's meant to be the party of ordinary British people is supposed to be the Labor party, but they hate ordinary British people. You can kind of feel the loathing dripping insidiously from their venomous saliva as they angrily orate from their secular pulpits condemning you for being, you annihilating the culture from underneath, annihilating the culture from on top and wondering why people feel bewildered, de sacralizing, nature de sacralizing the land, putting a screen in front of every face, filling every belly with sugar, and then wondering why people are weary and discontent.


I feel, I feel that once that class of people, once and for all, lose the battle of communication, which seems to be happening unless censorship laws radically increase. And it seems that that's a real possibility because platforms like X are banned in Brazil. Those rumble, the platform that I'm on, there's, there is an obvious attempt to legitimize censorship. Not to protect us, but to control us. They have no interest in protecting anybody. And You can sort of see how protect any parent knows that protection and control are on a continuum. And that's maybe fine when you're an adult looking after children.


But when you are a state claiming to protect a population that becomes a nefarious and dangerous ideology. The only value that the state could offer, I suppose, is international security. And I conceptually, one might assume protection against rampant corporate advance and globalism. But given that there's plainly an alliance between the state and globalism in most of the countries, anglophone countries, western countries, call 'em what you will then that is a moot point. Plainly, what's required is radical decentralization, radical individual freedom, radical new alliances.


And like, that's why I was, so when we first started communicating, I felt like, oh my god, Tucker Carson, it felt like a kind of apostasy. I felt like, oh my god, what am I doing going on? Like Fox News and stuff. But now I feel completely relaxed probably because you're not on Fox anymore. That's true. I think some economic miscalculations were made over there at Fox. I'm so grateful. Mm. So my, my last question is, w where do you think we are in a year?


Do you have a clear picture of that? No, I don't actually. Tucker, I mean, I'm worried about where we're gonna be in half an hour. Yeah, Agree. I'm thinking about sprinting off this stage into the phoenix night. Well, we're gonna get dinner 'cause I'm starving. My hope is there are, for some time, technology has created the possibility for further de decentralization of power. It is clear that this is being resisted by the use of crisis to legitimize recentralization. I wonder like, you know, when I see that there was, of course, Napster was created disarray in the record industry, then there was the Arab Spring, it was clear that the online technology, social media in particular could create revolutionary moments.


Then th then through commercial ingenuity in the assertion of power, the wild west of online spaces became tiled over by the familiar logos of corporatism. Well, I wonder if the technology and ingenuity that is granted, for example, Uber or Airbnb might be deployed to create more decentralized and localized democracy where people would have more control over how budgets were used in their region, whether, whether budgets were spent on education or health or migration or security or military industrial complex.


I have a great faith, in fact, and you alluded to this earlier yourself, in the wisdom of ordinary people, populism is being perjured as a term and being equated sort of, kind of cleverly they're very good at this, the way that they can start using terms like joy or weird. But you know, we can quickly curate and bring together like packages of people doing it again and again, these points being reiterated and there's an attempt to make populism a kind of dirty word, a dirty term. But populism simply means as far as I can tell, listening to people and forming government on the basis of consensus from the bottom up, not from the top down.


So there is a possibility with the great work that you continue to do, particularly if it's conducted with an open heart and radical inclusivity and a willingness to form new alliances. There is a possibility that something extraordinary could happen in America and America's the one country where it really ought happen. New alliances that absolutely defy their language of condemnation, we must be radically openhearted, radically loving, radically forgiving for who was the most radical being that we have ever known, who loved more than anyone else, who forgave more than anyone else, who gave themselves that we might live. I can think of, I can't see in secularism any solution.


I can't see in politics anything other than the green shoots of possible change in the alliances that we've touched upon. But in our Lord and Savior, I can see the hope and redemption that was promised us and that will be my path. So I I I've never asked this before, I, we haven't talked about this. I, I mean this in the most open possible way. Not everyone's gonna share your beliefs or my beliefs, but would you close in prayer? Oh yeah. Alright. Oh, I call in the name of Lord Jesus Christ, our heavenly Savior Lord humbly, in this great congregation in Phoenix, Arizona, with my host Tucker Carlson, in deference to him, but in ultimate deference to you, our Lord and Savior to whom we are all your younger siblings and your children.


I pray in your name that the forthcoming election be an opportunity for unity for America and for Americans, for forgiveness and for grace. That the dark and demonic forces that appear to operate at the level of the state, the deep state in the corporate and global world, experience your light, Lord, that we are guided, that you guide all of our tongues and all of our words and all of our hearts. That we feel your forgiveness and that we feel your grace. Thank you Lord for the many gifts that you have best bestowed upon us. Thank you for the glory of consciousness itself in which we can experience you and live you. Thank you for the beauty of nature in which we see your wisdom and your creativity and your infinite glory. Thank you Lord for the many leaders.


And thank you Lord, that you were born and died, that we may be forgiven and that we may have eternal life, not through merit or anything that we have individually achieved. For surely all of us are fallen, but in your holy name, we are forgiven by your act of redemption, by your sacrifice. In your name we pray. Amen. Amen. Russell Bran, ladies and gentlemen, Thank you. The big tech companies censor our content. I hate to tell you that it's still going on in 2024, but you know what? They can't censor live events. And that's why we are hitting the road on a fall tour for the entire month of September coast to coast.


We'll be in cities across the United States. We'll be in Anaheim, California through Ave Rames, Swami, Colorado Springs with Tulsi Gabbard, salt Lake City, with Glen Beck, Tulsa, Oklahoma with Dan Bongino, Kansas City, with Meghan Kelly Wichita, with Charlie Kirk Milwaukee with Larry Elder Rosenberg, Texas with Jesse Kelly Grand Rapids, with Kid Rock, Hershey, Pennsylvania with JD Vance, reading, Pennsylvania, with Alex Jones, Fort Worth, Texas with Roseanne Barr Greenville, South Carolina with Marjorie Taylor Green Sunrise, Florida with John Rich Jacksonville, Florida with Donald Trump Jr. You can get tickets at Tucker Carlson dot com. Hope to see you there.


Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson dot com.