
James O'Keefe's line in the sand premiering only on TCN on October 10th. You can sign up to watch at Tucker Carlson dot com. James O'Keefe's new documentary line in the sand at Tucker Carlson dot com.


So I feel like kind of an idiot as someone who is watching from afar, this case that I, it never really occurred to me that the way it was prosecuted would be determined by politics. But of course, because the justice system is inherently political now, it's openly political. And we're in an election year where Trump is running. So I was interested to note in reading about it, and in our breakfast that we just had, that you were not indicted and you're about to go away for seven and a half years to federal prison, but not for financial Crimes, fundamentally for campaign finance violations. And so in one sentence, let me tell you the overview from my perspective, correct me if I'm wrong here.


You have Sam Bankman Freed, who's in prison for a long time, but he's not been charged with any campaign finance violations. He gave it to Democrats, he helped get Biden elected, you gave to Republicans and you're going away on campaign finance violations. Is that That's correct. That's Correct. That's correct. Okay. Welcome to Tucker Carlson Show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else. And they're not censored, of course, because we're not gatekeepers. We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly.


Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's the episode. So I, I initially assumed the Justice Department was not sort of a political organization. Yeah. And you know, 'cause I was new to DC I hadn't been around that much. And You grew up in this country. Correct? I grew up in this country and you know, you, you try to have faith in the system. You try to have faith in how it all shakes out. But I, I'm now realizing that it is incredibly political. But you're not going to prison for making up a fake cryptocurrency or defrauding investors. No. In fact, the Justice Department is sort of specifically noted and stated that they know I was not aware of the central fraud. So they introduced some evidence, some testimony during Sam's case that showed right up until the last minute Caroline Ellison was lying to me and to the rest of sort of people at FTX and to Alameda about funds being stolen.


So, okay. So that was, I mean, again, I'm coming at this as a non-finance person, just as a reader of the news, but I thought the crime at FTX was defrauding a million investors. Yeah. Using investor funds for things like real estate. Right. Completely agree that that is the crime that occurred. That's the crime, but that's not what you're gonna prison for. Correct. They, you know, in uncovering that crime, they manufactured a lot of other Crimes and intent behind them that was just, just not there and never existed. So the two things that I've pled guilty to are operating an unlicensed money transmitting business and campaign finance fraud. The reality is the campaign finance fraud is everything that they wanted. And then they sort of found some other things to lay at my feet and put pressure on me with.


So let's just go through them. What, can you describe what the first crime is? Yeah. So you need a money transmitting license to operate a money transmitting business in the United States. Every, And what is money transmitting is moving money from one place to another. Moving, yeah. Essentially moving money one place to another. I actually, when I arrived at Alameda, I went to our lawyers and questioned whether we needed money transmitting licenses or not, because I had just been at a company that had money transmitting licenses. So I knew of these licenses and where they were relevant and I got very specific legal instruction from, you know, good lawyers that we did not need money transmitting licenses. And those licenses are bestowed by the federal government, I assume?


Yeah, that's correct. And state governments as well. Okay. Okay. So that's one you running an not getting a, a license, a government license to move money from one place to another. Correct. Though, I will note that the company that I ran was, we didn't touch us customers. There was a separate US division that did touch us customers, And, they had money transmitting licenses. Okay. So how could you be indicted for that? It's, I mean, it's a great, great question. Certainly even if we needed mtls, I was not a lawyer. I sought legal advice. You know, the lawyers that sort of ran the company, ran regulation, ran the licensing, noted that this is, was their responsibility.


But it has been laid at my feet. So you're accused of not getting a US government license to move the money of non-US citizens? Correct. How can that be a crime? I've yet to have a lawyer explain to me why we needed MTL licenses. Okay. Alright. Interesting. This is just sort of blowing my, I mean, even when I was considering doing this interview, I was thinking, well, FTX bad fraud bad. We did a whole documentary on why FTX committed fraud and why they're bad, which I still think, and I just didn't know that you weren't charged for any of those Crimes.


And I don't think that most people reading the news coverage of your pleas would understand, like if you're just following Bloomberg News or Reuters would understand that you were never charged with the Crimes that FTX is famous for. Yeah, that's, that's correct. I think, and you know, that's a big part of why I'm here and why we're talking about it. Okay. But interesting, you know, there's a lot of misconception around Yeah. Many aspects of the case. Well, but This isn't in the realm of opinion. These are just the facts. Publicly available facts like what you're, you were indicted for what you pled to, what you're being sentenced for. Like those aren't opinions, those are verifiable facts. Yeah, that's correct. And none of these charges are in any way defrauding any individual or taking money from them or stealing from them.


You know, I had 98 ish percent of my net worth on the, the platform. If I thought Sam was stealing money, I not, I would not have left all my money off. Right. Odd FDX, it wouldn't make any sense. Okay. So that's you, you committed a crime. That doesn't seem to be a crime logically, but whatever. And then of the campaign finance violations, the Campaign finance violations are, because I borrowed money from Alameda, which was Sam's company that he owned, private company, no, investors all just lent money. But I borrowed money and then I went and did a lot of things with that money. And one of the big things I did was get involved in political contributions. Right. But you know, I also bought like a house with that money.


I, I lived off that money. So the sort of, the real story there is when I decided to get involved in politics and take a lot of money off of the FTX platform, I again went to our legal counsel and I said, look, I'm gonna sell off a large chunk of the money that I have on the platform. This is various crypto tokens. This is, I think I had some equity, I was looking at selling, I was, I was gonna cash out essentially. And the lawyers advised that that is not the way to do it. The proper way to do it would be to borrow the money against these holdings. It's a tax advantageous strategy. Yeah. It's not a crime. It's how most people borrow when they have sort of a large pool of equity. It's how a lot of prominent people get money out.


And I would Say right around 100% actually. Yeah. Well the lawyers advise it, you know, you go to lawyers Because you don't wanna get hit on the gains 'cause Correct. Correct. It will eventually be taxed. It's, it's Right. It's just, but you've got a low basis on this stuff, you know. Right. You took possession of these assets when they were worth much less than they're worth now. Correct. And so you borrow against it to cash out. Correct. And then I use a bunch of that money to get involved in the political system. So I, but I just, even before we get to that, I just wanna confirm that that is not, not only is that not unusual, that is the standard Correct. For people in your position. Correct. I happen to know that, so, yeah. Yeah. And accountants advise it, lawyers advise. I mean, it is, you know what you're told to do a Hundred, that is a hundred percent true.


Yeah. Whether you agree with the, our system, our tax system, it doesn't even matter. That is what everybody does. Legitimate people. So, okay. So then, but the problem that you ran into arose from the fact that you used some of that money to give political campaign contributions? Correct. Okay. So what did that consist of? I believe in total, I donated about 20 to 30 million throughout the cycle to Republican candidates. Okay. So anywhere from your PACS to individual donations to specific candidates up to the, I think was 2,800 limit. And what percentage of that money went to Republicans? A hundred percent of the money I gave went to Republicans.


I've always been a Republican. Yeah. It's just the party that makes the most sense for a plethora of reasons at this point. Right. Right. But those are, it's consistent with your beliefs. It's consistent with my beliefs. It's rare to be, I think young in tech and a Republican. So it's a lot of why I, you know, got involved. But yes. At the same time, Sam Bankman Fried famously was contributing to politicians as well. Correct? He was running, yeah, he was giving primarily to Democrats though. He was doing some dark to Republicans as well. How much did he give to Democrats? I don't remember the exact numbers. I wanna say we're close to 60 to 70 million in total. Wow. Yeah.


Okay. So one of the biggest donors in the cycle, I Think he was second or third. Yeah. In the 2020 cycle. That's correct. And he has not been indicted for campaign finance violations. That's correct. He was not indicted on the campaign finance violations. Only two of us got in trouble for campaign finance. And that was Singh who was part of the central fraud and myself. Hmm. So he gave publicly anyway to Democrats. You gave to Republicans much less, but you get indicted. He doesn't. That's correct. Hmm. How do you think that works? I, you know, I've, I've, I don't understand how all of this works anymore, so I don't know what to, what to say to that. But it, it's strange.


Especially, especially since, you know, he was the central political figure sort of This is, yeah. Huh. What was your crime exactly? My crime was they accused me of being a straw donor for sand bagman freed. So I was only doing, I was taking his money and spreading it out because it was borrowed from Alameda. But it Was your money though? Well, I was borrowed against my money and it would've been my money had I not gone to the lawyers and asked them the appropriate way to, to take money out. Yes.


Okay. So I mean, is is that, I'm just confused by the concept a little bit. If I, you know, if my net worth is mostly borrowed, which is in the case, that's true for a lot of people. Yep. And I donate to a political campaign. Is that a straw contribution? It was, in this case it was considered a straw Contribution. Have you ever heard of that before? No. No. I mean, the, the sort of, the thing I have to wrap my head right. There has to be a why, right? You have to ask why for, for anything. I don't know why I would make something a crime that didn't need to be right. It, it Doesn't, what does that mean?


Like, if I had just sold off my crypto and contributed the way I initially wanted to and planned to, there is no crime. But because I sort of went, listened and borrowed the money the way I was advised to, they've now turned it into a straw donor scheme. So it doesn't seem to make any sense. These charges actually, Yes. I, I would agree with the fact that they don't. And I was, you know, I was very close to going to trial. The governments came, comes up with creative ways to get you to not go to trial. And, they came up with a very smart way to get me to avoid trial, Which was what They told me. That if I pled guilty to these two Crimes, they would not pursue my loved ones.


And looking at anything that they had done or investigating them. Your loved ones. Yeah. The mother of my child. Is she a criminal? No. No. Absolutely not. But I mean, you know, as well as I, an investigation can destroy your life regardless of whether you're innocent or guilty. So they threatened the mother of your child in order to get you to plead to things that were not self-evidently Crimes. Correct. What Did your lawyers say? My lawyers were pretty surprised by it. They were, they said this inducement was incredibly strong. Not something that they had ever done when they were prosecutors and not something that they had expected.


You know, they said it's, it's up to me. I mean, I, they present all the information to you. It's a very odd process for anyone who's never gone through an investigation, which I assume is most people. Yeah. You never speak directly to the prosecutors. It's all through lawyers who then give you sort of a readout of what's going on. You know, And, they lay out your options. Right. So if I went to trial, it was a jury in New York, I'm a Republican, heterosexual white male had accumulated a fair bit of money. The the jury's not gonna love me already. So they did lawyers Tell you that? Yeah, they lay that out. You know, the lawyers will tell you that even if you are completely innocent, it is hard to win at trial. The government has all of the power 'cause of your demographic profile, Demographic profile.


And the government controls the entire narrative. You know, people are scared. No one's gonna get up and testify. In my defense, they're scared that the government's gonna go after them if they do. You know, this is a big problem I had with Sam b Fried's trial. I'm not saying he's innocent by far, but, you know, I watched it and thought had I, you know, I, if I'd been on the defense for him, a lot of that stuff was just not accurate the way they were describing it. But no one got up to counter any of the government's narrative because then, you know, you get threatened with more time in prison. Like you say, one wrong thing on the stand in defense of someone And, they will get you for perjury or your lawyers will tell you this. So I flirted with the idea of being on the defense for Sam. Not because I thought he was innocent of, of everything, you know, that they accused, but there was no one up there providing a counter narrative to this narrative that the government had spun up.


And that's not how the justice is supposed to work. So I, I note this to my lawyers and the lawyers, you know, said you could face an extra 10 years for doing that. Like, do you really want to sort of risk that, you know, it was clear Sam was going to lose ultimately. And, and I'm not saying that's wrong, but it's not the way the system's supposed to work, you know, know the government hands get outta jail free cards if you parrot the narrative that they want. And then the, you know, everyone who would provide any counterpoint is frightened. It's just, it's, that's not justice. It's an odd version of it. It's not an American version of it. It's not the point of our whole American system on it.


You know, trial's also gonna be 10 to, I think it was eight, 10, $12 million. Most of my money was gone, locked up on FTX. So, you know, I was operating from substantially less beans than I had before. You know, I don't know how anyone, I don't know how anyone does it. And you can't just go out and get a job. No. Can't go out and get a job. I mean, I'm not gonna make $10 million overnight to defend myself. So, you know, and the inducement, I think was the ultimate decision maker. I Mean, putting the mother of your child in prison. Right? I mean, You can get me to plead guilty to anything if that's on the table. So your lawyers were explicit with you about that? They were explicit. Yeah. Yeah. They ex I mean, they explained the government's careful. Right.


I mean, I'm, I'll say that I think today or tomorrow, I'm gonna file an appeal to my guilty plea because the, the government has now continued to pursue the mother of my child despite saying that they wouldn't if I pled guilty. So I'm going to use that in attempt and appeal. Wait, So they got you to plead by threatening the person you love with indictment. And so you pled on the basis of their promise that they would not indict her. Correct? Not even, not indict, not investigate. They would drop the investigation or any investigation into her if I pled, What did she do wrong?


We, we are not married currently. Yeah. And we shared finances. And so they're accusing her of also a campaign finance fraud violation because our finances are commingled and intermixed. Huh. So, so your lawyers told you if you do this, you're basically doing it for the mother of your child. She will not be hassle, they'll leave her alone. That's correct. I mean, And, they went further than that. They sort of put her her case into cold storage, which, you know, they, they didn't have her plead the fifth during times that she should have. She's also going through a sort of difficult divorce proceeding, Which is why you're not married, which Is why we're not married.


So, you know, she should have pled the fifth during things for that. Everyone thought the investigation was dropped into her because of this inducement. And then what happened? And then we found out, I don't know, a few months ago, that it is not, they have continued to pursue investigating her. They don't acknowledge the inducement as being real. And they're going to charge her The inducement being their promise not to do this. Correct. On the basis of which you pled guilty Correct. To Crimes that are not actually Crimes. Correct. Right. And then, so they said they wouldn't hassle her, and then once you pled, they indicted her anyway. Correct? Well, yeah. A year, what, A year later? A year and a half later.


Why do you think they did that? I don't know. It doesn't make any sense to me. So, I mean, just if you zoom out a little bit, if you lie to a federal agent that's a felony. Yes. But if a federal prosecutor lies to you, that's fine. That's correct. And I think they know the public narrative around FTX is so terrible, you know, the, the, they control the narrative, right? No one talks to the media more than the prosecutors and the government Even those, they sort of lock people up on the other side. If they talk to the media, the government sort of controls the narrative publicly. Right. So they know how bad the FTX story is and how little the public wants to even think about any aspect of it anymore. So I think that emboldens them to just sort of do whatever they want.


How much did you spend on lawyers in this process? I've spent five or 6 million in totals so far. On lawyers. Correct. So those lawyers made five or $6 million from you. Correct. And yet they brokered what seems like the worst plea deal, like in the history of plea deals. Yeah. I mean, they sort of counted as a victory. I wasn't charged with the central fraud Even. those, It was, they counted as a victory.


It's fall in the Northeast and that means grouse season. I got up at 5:00 AM yesterday to take my dogs out to hunt for some rough grouse. And before I left, I went to my safe to pull out my grandmother's 28 gauge. Yes, my grandmother was a bird hunter. Where do I keep that treasured possession? I keep it in a liberty safe. For over 35 years, hunters have trusted liberty safes to keep their firearms safe and secure. And we do to this day in my house. Liberty safes are made by American craftsman right here in the United States. It's a product we believe in. It is a product you use to hide and protect the things you care about most, the things you would least like to see stolen. So it's a special deal for all of you who hunt out there. Liberty is offering the exclusive promotion for our viewers for the month of October. Go to liberty safe.com/ Tucker and place one of their best selling safes in your cart. Use the promo code Tucker at checkout for a great discount. That's liberty safe.com/ Tucker. Promo code Tucker at checkout for a special deal in October, which by the way is bird hunting month with liberty safe, you are always protected America.


It's time for a redecoration of independence. We're amid a hostile takeover. The globalists and their political henchmen are seeking control of you and America. A group of patriots inspired by Tucker Carlson's famous call to bravery have written a redecoration of independence demanding that our representatives go to Washington and begin dismantling the Washington political Empire. Go to redecoration.org. That's redecoration.org. Read, sign and forward. We declare your independence today.


Was there any suggestion that you could be charged with a central fraud? No. In which case I would, just being honest with you, I would have much less sympathy because you know, if you're involved in a fraud that defrauds a million people like that's on you. No, no. A lot of the government or a lot of, sorry, not a lot of the government, a lot of people just think everyone at FTX is involved in the fraud. Right. There's this public idea that a hundred percent of the employees, the people at the company must have known and everyone should go to prison. Yeah. People feel that way for Sure. Yeah. But there's no hint of that. In your case, There's the opposite. There's literally Caroline Ellison who was sort of the central to this entire thing saying, we lied to Ryan right up until the last moment this came up in SBS trial.


There's messages related to it of me messaging her. Caroline Ellison was the girlfriend of Sam Bankman. Fried. Yeah. And the CEO of Alameda Research or Right. Put her in. Yeah. How is She in prison? She's not yet. She's a cooperator with the government. She's potentially gonna get no jail time. No jail time. But we don't know yet. It's up to Judge Kaplan, But there's no que judge. Oh, judge Kaplan. Yeah. So there's no question that she was involved and had knowledge of the fraud. Correct? Correct. She gave a interview sort of to the company, be, you know, right after it collapsed, noting that it was her Gary Nha and Sam that has sort of orchestrated this large theft or use of customer funds in an inappropriate way.


Okay. But she's, as far as you know, not going to prison. You're going to prison soon. Correct. For seven and a half years. Correct. And, they, no one's even claiming you were part of the fraud. But this chick who has admitted being part of the fraud is not facing prison. We don't. She might go sometimes. She's certainly not going As of right now. As of right now. Correct. What do you think of that? You know, I, I don't know what to think of it. You've Reached some level of zen acceptance here. This You sort of, you enter this Twilight zone in the whole process, you know, where like reality isn't a thing anymore and you either cope with it or you go mad. So coping with it. Now what about, so Sam Bankman Fried, so you just listed the officers of the, of the company.


But Sam Bankman Fried was heavily involved with his parents, both attorneys, one's an ethics professor, I believe. Correct. Who seemed remarkably sleazy on the page? I'm just judging from the, from the emails that came to light. Greedy pushing for more money, more real estate, whatever. And then his brother Gabe, have any of them pled guilty to anything? No. No one else was charged outside of the central four and myself. And now you know Michelle. So none of the bankman freed family has faced any legal consequences from this? They're Not. That's correct. Or any of the lawyers that advised a substantial amount of this? I mean, in both of my fact patterns, the lawyers were heavily, heavily involved.


You know, they make, I forget if it was my lawyer that said it, but it's, he said, you can't go ask your lawyer if You can shoot someone in the head, have them say yes and then shoot them. Right. That's not a, a defensive, you can't say that lawyer told me I could do this, so I did it. But I don't know what the point of the lawyer is then. Right. If I go to the lawyer and say, is this sort of MTL legal or is this campaign finance what thing we're doing? Legal And? they say, yes, you know, what, am I just supposed to be a lawyer? Like this is their purpose. This is the whole reason I, you know, you go to them or you talk to them or you ask them these questions. So it's frustrating to be in trouble for things that you genuinely try to do legally and feel like you went the route you were supposed to, to do them legally.


Also, I mean, if you, you know, if you're getting indicted for not having a US government license to transfer the funds of people who are not US citizens outside of the United States, like that's insane. Like who would ever imagine that you would be indicted for that? That's correct. Yeah. I, I couldn't imagine. I mean, could I, I dunno, could the FBI arrest a driver in Abu Dhabi for not having a US driver's license? Like I, I think at this point the government just does whatever it wants anywhere in the world. I think you're onto something. I think you're getting warmer there, Ryan. Wow. Okay. So just 'cause I, it's just very interesting who gets punished in this. And I'll just confess my ignorance once again.


You know, I read s BFS getting 25 years in prison. That's a long, that's hard time. I feel, feel bad for anybody facing 25 years in prison. But it's like kind of case closed right at that point Justice has been done, but I don't see how his family escaped. Indictment. I don't get that. Yeah, I mean, I don't want more people in prison. I, I'm not saying you do, but I mean, I don't know how a lot of people sort of avoided this and I don't know how I ended up in the hot seat. You know, it's the, it's the Republican donations for sure at this point, but it's very strange and disheartening. So What did the lawyers tell? Because seven and a half years, I don't wanna rub it in. I, I feel so sad for you, but that, you know, that's real.


You know, it's not six weeks in the drunk tank. No, that's correct. And it is more time than even the prosecutor has requested. So the prosecutors push for five to seven years. We push for 18 months. The sort of standard playbook is typically, you know, they'll split that down the middle. Seven and a half years was more than anyone asked for. Except, How did you wind up with that? You know, the, the judge read me a whole statement. He sort of indicated, did You tell us who the judge was? It was Judge Kaplan. He had just finished with Trump's, I think the Gino Carroll case. I think that was a week after, you know, he spent the first half of the comments to me talking about how he disliked Citizens United. So I knew I was in trouble at that point.


What Did, were you involved in the Citizens United decision? No. No. And it's, and it's legal to be clear. So once it started there, though, I knew we were off to Citizens United is a Supreme Court decision. Correct. You did not argue that before the Supreme Court. Correct. You didn't work for Citizens United. Correct. What does that have to do with you? That's the beginning of, you know, him talking to me, he goes into a lengthy discussion about how America's losing faith in its political system. You know, I, you know, what he was trying to say? Who is this guy? He's a judge. He's been on the bench a long time. Judge Kaplan I know, this is all I know about him. You know, throughout the, the plea process. They, you know, my lawyers told me what Kaplan really cares about is acceptance and responsibility.


If you wanna minimize the amount of time that you're gonna serve, the most important thing is to just get up, take responsibility, own it, describe how you are responsible, apologize, say you'll do better going forward. So we didn't sort of, that's all I did. I I made this whole, you know, apology speech and everything. And I'm genuinely sorry for all the customers of FTX. So there's not nothing there. You know, it's a real, you know, what happened to them is horrific and haunts me daily. But, you know, in front of that, that's sort of the, the whole speech we put together was geared toward that. But Kaplan sort of grabbed all these things that just weren't true and started listing them off to me. Right. So he said I ran to the Bahamian regulators to save myself.


That's not true. The Bahamian regulators emailed Sam and I asking what was going on. Sam was busy with the collapse of the company. So I got on with the regulators and told them what I was learning about in real time. But sort of the judge spinned it that I ran to the Bahamian regulators to save myself. I did manage to withdraw some money from FTX. It was before I knew that it was gonna be filed bankruptcy. So everyone else is withdrawing. I'm, I also withdrew a little bit, just enough to cover legal fees. 'cause I had no money in the bank. He twisted that as me sort of getting out before all the customers. I think he said, you know, your point was to hell with the customers, I'll save myself. But May I ask, you weren't charged with that.


Correct. That has nothing to do with the charges you pled to. That's correct. So that's like saying, you know, you were drunk at a dinner party three years ago and I found you obnoxious, therefore more jail time for you. Like what does that have to do with the, the crime? Yeah. The, the whole thing was odd. The whole experience of Well, That's insane. And he said this in open court. Yeah. This was the, his final statement to me as he, you know, was about to tell me that I was gonna do seven and a half years. You know, he described me as part of the mastermind behind this campaign finance fraud scheme that we were all involved in, you know, which is crazy. I know it's tough to sta I mean, you stand there, you're listening to this, you can't say anything why?


It's the court, you know, you're in the courtroom, you're there to listen and then he gives a Judgment. Right. You have to fein respect for people, judge Kaplan. of course. Yeah. Well, I don't, I have no respect. Yeah. Sorry. How so your, but your lawyer sounds like did not prepare you for this at all? No, the, the lawyers expect, I mean, they do, the, the maximum was 10. It was zero to 10. It's up to the judge almost indiscriminately what they want to do. But the standard procedure here would've been to basically split the time we requested and the time the prosecutors requested. And at worse what the prosecutors requested. It's almost unheard of to go above even what the prosecutors want. Did your lawyers apologize to you? No, they don't.


They don't, I mean, they always, they're always caveating their statements. Right. It's always, it could go this way, it could go that way. This isn't an exact science. Were any of the lawyers at FTX charged with anything? No. Really, it almost sounds like a system designed by and for the benefit of lawyers. I'm just kind of throwing that It is a hundred percent a system designed for to benefit the lawyers. I mean, all of it is, you know, the bankruptcy team's about to take a billion dollars in fees for a company that has enough money to pay back customers. That doesn't mean Sam did nothing wrong. But there is enough money, of course, in this whole system to pay back customers 120% and would've been even more, had a number of sort of more intelligent things been done.


But the lawyers got to the trough first and just stole the money themselves. They take it, I mean, they keep describing this massive mess of organization with no accountants, no nothing. I mean, that wasn't true. There was a whole accounting department, the accounting department was hiring more people. I mean, the company's only three years old, was only three years old and just had meteoric growth from basically the beginning. So hiring people was a catch up. You know, every week you try to hire someone, you gotta interview 'em. They gotta come, you know, you're now weak behind in work. There, there was an attempt by every department that I was aware of and involved in to hire good people and build out real systems. But can I, but but you're describing the aftermath and like how do we make the investors whole, the, the, this whole scandal is predicated on the fact that investors were defrauded.


They lost their money because the money was misused. That, that's the core allegation. That's the crime. Right? Right. So the injured party is the investors. Correct. And or the users of FTX who had their funds on there. Right, right. Yeah. But the, the people whose money was taken by FTX for. Okay. But the lawyers wind up with a billion dollars. Yeah. And then all of the individuals lawyers that we've hired. But why would, why would they get a billion dollars? That's in bankruptcy? The lawyers typically make out the bankruptcy. Lawyers make out phenomenally. Well, you know, they kind of have indiscriminate ability to do whatever they want.


You're acting like that's normal. This is sounds like a disease. Bankruptcy law's wildly horrific. And it benefits just the, the parasites. The lawyers Correct. And. they also have the power to intimidate a lot of people. I mean, a lot of people aren't speaking up about the FTX situation because they're still waiting to settle with the bankruptcy estate. And so the bankruptcy lawyers in conjunction with the government keep everyone silent. And, and by the way, as you just said, no lawyers were indicted. So like all the hyenas are on the same team. It feels like. Yeah. It's a, it's a pro it's a systemic issue that, you know, I don't know how it gets addressed.


So how involved, again, my knowledge of this is just purely from stupid wire stories on it, but how involved was Sam Bankman Fried's family in this Very involved, his mother was only involved in the political side. How was she involved in the political side? She ran her own political organization, I think it was called Mind the Gap. And then his father was involved in the company, was part of hiring lawyers, was part of advising on tax treatment, you know. Yeah. His father was heavily involved. So the mother was using FTX money to help democratic politicians. Correct. But that's not a campaign finance violation.


I, I don't know what you want me to say. It's, It's just, it's so, it's just cra it, it just parenthetically, it's just one of those stories. And I've seen so many in 30 years where you have these perceptions because you don't really know anything beyond what you know, you saw in a headline or in the first photographs of the New York Times story. And then when you press a little bit into the details, it's something totally different from what you thought it was or what you were told it was. And it's like a complete scam that benefits the same people always. You know, the lawyers, the democratic donors, the democratic politicians and the people. And you know, a tragedy like this tragedy for the investors is hijacked by these institutions for political reasons.


I mean, that, that's what I see after talking to you this morning. Yeah. It's, yeah. No, it's, it's terrible to be a part of. Yeah. I mean you're, you're losing everything at once and then, you know, this whole narrative is being spun up around you that you have no real control over and then it just becomes your reality. Or you go crazy. Well, I'd probably go crazy. I think. Yeah. I'm, I'm bordering on it. I I You're following my expo. I'm, I'm, I'm right on the, I'm right on the edge of sanity. Yeah. So What, and tell me, and then I want to ask about your life and how you wound up in all of this, but Gabe Bankman Fried, who's he? Sam's younger brother. Yep.


And he was actually the one who introduced me to getting really involved on the, in politics. He was running a pandemic prevention initiative that was actually, it was a decent idea. You know, COVID was ridiculous. The shutdowns were insane the whole way it was handled was wild, but, and, and not great. But what we saw was like a single, you know, thing created anywhere in the world will just spread everywhere. And we are clearly not prepared for anything of the matter. So a real biosecurity threat the government's not prepared for. Yeah. And you know, COVID was I think a joke, and I'm sorry to anyone that lost anyone, but for a global pandemic, COVID was as light as it's gonna get.


But that doesn't mean there's not the potential, you know, for an actual bio weapon. That's for sure. And so his initiative was to sort of put in place preparations for that now get text, get testing of future vaccines, now create sort of, you know, ways in the United States not externally to prevent these sorts of things going forward. That seems like a fine idea. It's a brilliant idea. There was hundreds of millions of dollars of unspent covid dollars that were just sitting out there. This was a great use for them. You know, they'd already been allocated. It's not new spending. It was a brilliant idea. And it really, to me it was very, it was real altruism. You know, there's a lot of people that do a lot of fake altruism. Yeah. Like this was a great idea.


So this is actually what drove a lot of my Republican giving. He sort of got me excited about helping with this from the Republican side. So, and then that was all twisted. I mean that was all turned into, I was only giving to push crypto policy, the United States, which is just not the case at all. Oh, was he political? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. He had a whole team. There was, we had like a, there was a massive team of strategists of campaign finance experts of everything. Lawyers, the whole deal. Was he part a partisan? No one's not really. They're associated with the Democratic party, I think because he was, because of his mother. But they're just strategists. Was the mother partisan do you think?


Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Pretty liberal. Yes. Yeah. I mean they're West Coast Stanford, you know. Yeah. And just, I've never met Sam Bankman. Fried, but look at that guy. I'm like, you've got liberal parents. Yeah. No doubt about it. Yeah, for sure. There's no doubt about it. Yeah. Okay. Amazing. How did, how did you get involved? What's your background? How'd you get involved in this? The whole company you mean? Yeah. Yeah. So I started at, at Ernst and Young as a tax accountant at a college. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I, I got incredibly excited about Bitcoin early I But You were a tax Accountant? I was a tax accountant at Ernst and Young. Yeah. Wow. That seems like a very non zany job.


Polar opposite really? Yeah. Yeah. No, I went to UMass Amherst and then fell into accounting there because I was good at it. And then, you know, fell into the job at EY because I had sort of, I work hard and Yeah. Pushed myself forward. Yeah. So I, I, but I found and discovered Bitcoin and I fell in love with it. I thought it was one of the coolest things I'd ever discovered. I thought, you know, in a world where trusting people doesn't always work out. Yeah. As I've learned. Yeah. Trusting math does work. Yes. And the whole system's built on math working. So I thought it was amazing. I mean it's global transfer network that works as long as math works that can't be sort of perverted in its base core.


Brilliant. I thought it was incredible. So I started publicly talking about it on LinkedIn. This was the time that LinkedIn was becoming a big deal and a crypto company in Boston that needed an accountant found me and asked me if I'd go work for them. What, what company Circle. So they run USDC now, which is a stable coin. They're one of the sort of older, stable coin companies. And, they were one of the original companies to have an app that you could buy Bitcoin. Like a sort of Venmo. Yes. But that was I think 15 or 16. So you go work for them as an accountant. I go to work for them as someone who's bridging the trading desk and the accountants. So the accountants have no idea what the traders are doing. 'cause they don't really understand crypto or sort of Right.


Looking at the network very well. Or the exchange data. And then, you know, the traders don't want to deal with the accountants 'cause they're making a boatload of money trading. No one cares. of Course everyone makes fun of accountants. Yeah. Right. So I bridge the gap between those two. I helped them sort of reproduce a full record of transactions that had happened starting in January. It was an absolutely insane amount of work. But the trading desk was pleased 'cause then they could pass audit And. they brought me on the trading desk full time. Hmm. In Boston? In Boston. Yep. And then they moved me to Hong Kong 'cause it's crypto markets are 24 7. So they moved me to Hong Kong to sort of run the, not run the desk, but work on the desk overnight.


And that's where I eventually met Sam. Huh. What, what? How'd you meet Sam Bankman? Fried Sam was at a conference and he was, it was just Alameda research at the time. And he was, Alameda Research was headlining the conference with an exchange called Binance, which is the biggest crypto exchange. Yeah. And no one had really heard of Alameda. But for Binance to be willing to headline a conference with these people, they had to be a big deal. Right. Because Binance is not gonna let some small, irrelevant firm headline a conference with them. And so I saw Sam speaking on stage. I got a meeting with him and just, you know, I knew he was gonna be successful. What'd you think of him? He's, I mean, he's brilliant.


He, you know, he is autistic, sort of very autistic. But all he wanted to do was work 24 7. What does that mean, autistic, He social situations are harder for him than the average person. He doesn't sort of, I think he doesn't have an emotional spectrum that most people have. Yes. He, you know, eye contacts, difficult things like that. Sort of the, the, the human elements of the world don't make a lot of sense. The internet, digital, you know, moneymaking math world is all that makes sense to him. Huh. And you said he is a hard worker. 24 7. Slept on a beanbag. You know, we used to have to tell him to go shower 'cause he would start to smell, we would buy him new shoes when they'd wear out.


You know, the, the interesting thing, How did he respond when you told him he, he had to take a shower? 'cause he stunk. He He's fine. He, he knew he couldn't do these other things and sort of, you know, people took over. There was almost like a really, like a brotherly feeling for you feel a little bad for him when you meet him? Yeah, initially. Just because, you know, you know, it can't be easy living like that. You know, you're brilliant in one world, but you don't understand. He just Forgets to take a shower. Just didn't care. Interesting. Yeah. He, all he wanted to do was work 24 7, 365. It's, it's like he needed it to keep going.


Privacy Is not an option. It's a human necessity. It's at the core of freedom. No privacy, no freedom. If you can't have privacy, you are owned by someone else, you are a slave. And so the question is, who has in 2024 more privacy, the average American or the average North Korean? Well, unfortunately, because of technology in many ways the answer is the average. North Korean has more privacy. The average North Korean is being monitored less than you are. And the reason is really simple. You are carrying around a phone and a laptop. And the government and big tech can and do track both of them endlessly again and again. We've seen that companies and governments are not afraid to use the data they glean from you to manipulate you. What you purchase, what you think, even how you vote, maybe especially how you vote. So how do you get your privacy back? Well, we use a product called A-V-P-N-A virtual private network. And the one we use is called Express. VPN Express. VPN Reroutes a hundred percent of our internet activity through secure encrypted channels. That means that no one has access to our online activity. The original promise of the internet was freedom. Freedom to receive information and to express your own views. You don't have that now, but Express VPN gives it back to you. Go to ExpressVPN dot com slash Tucker today to get an extra three months free. That's Express ex P-R-E-S-S vpn.com/ Tucker to get a extra three months completely free. ExpressVPN


did you get, once again, I've never met him, but watching video of him, he seems like he's on Adderall or something. He seems impaired by pharmaceuticals in some way. Yeah, He had a very strong antidepressant patch. I believe it was called an MA patch that he had that he would put on his shoulder. And then there was Adderall around the office. Modafinil around the office. What's Modafinil? It's like a, kind of like an Adderall, slightly different Adderall. I think it was used by like war pilots to stay awake or something like that. Yeah, there was a, there was a ton of that stuff. It's very common in the tech world.


A lot of, you know, most of, I would say most of the generation sub 30 has a, a bunch of friends that need Adderall to operate. You know, there was really, yeah, there was a, a time when it was handed out like candy by doctors. I mean I, they're still attempting to put most kids on Adderall. I think that show any sort of inability to sit and focus 24 7. So Adderall is, if you've sort of worked in companies in the tech world, Adderall just doesn't seem strange. I I'm not saying that's a good thing. It just, it's Math. It, I mean it's chemically indistinguishable from math. Yeah. But they gave it to kids. I mean, they were giving it to every, they weren't, when I was younger, they tried to put me on Adderall and my parents thankfully were like, no, he, he's just a little boy, you know?


Yeah. He's just got energy. 'cause he is a, a boy And it, but it has all kinds of effects on the brain that, you know, some are positive, you know, more mental acuity, focus, sharpness and all that stuff. Energy. But some of them are, are, are very bad over time. Yeah. Did you notice the effects? I didn't, I've maybe taken it once or twice. No. But in the office, if you're working in a world where people are, you know, everyone's on speed all the time. People get jumpy, paranoid, have trouble maintaining focus paradoxically. Yeah. I, I don't know if I know, I mean, Sam was always odd since the moment I met him. So maybe he had sort of had a long term use of it.


But no, I I don't think I noticed that. I mean there was so much work. There wasn't a lot of like communicating around the office. It was just sort of 24 7 jamming, keyboards answering things online. I mean, we always, at every minute in time for a year, I had 80 hours worth of work that could be done. Wow. I mean it was, you know, it's a 24 7 market. You got someone like Sam was working 24 7. You can't hire fast enough. The people you do hire get burnt out immediately or you know, decide they don't like it. If you take time outta your day to hire, there's now a pile of work that's piled up that you haven't done. Yeah. I mean there was a couple months early on being there that I don't think I saw daylight every, you know, I'd leave in the dark and come back in the dark seven days a week.


It was fun though. You are building like a phenomenal, amazing company in this cutting edge industry. The market's taking off so people are, you know, getting wealthy. Yeah, it was fun. I didn't, I didn't even think of it. I'd look at the calendar and say, oh my god, you know, they 60 days have gone by. So what about him when you saw him on stage made you want to meet him? He was speaking honestly. So a lot of people when they present, I mean you don't know this 'cause you seem very honest on stage, but a lot of people when they talk on stage don't tell the truth. They sort of, that's For sure. That's for sure. They parrot this narrative that isn't real if you're actually in industry. So you go to these crypto conferences and people get up and say these ridiculous things, you know, aren't true.


Sam got up there and told the truth. He said, you know, this company's good. This company's product doesn't actually work, yada, yada yada. He would just say that up on stage and I thought, this is great. Well, I agree with that. That is great. Yeah. So you go meet him, he hires you. He, he was reluctant to hire me 'cause I was, I think at the time more useful for him at Circle. So I was still at circle. We were doing some OTC trading with his OTC desk, but I eventually What's OTC Over the counter trading? Yep. It's just large blocks that don't hit the exchange. You just lock in a price, you message someone and say, Hey, I want to buy a hundred Bitcoin, sell a hundred Bitcoin. They give you a price, you agree or don't agree and then it moves to settlement.


That's what I was doing at Circle. And then I eventually got Sam to hire me to run that at Alameda. Hmm. I had also purchased a lot of his FTT token, which I think helped. So he had launched a token for the exchange he was gonna build called FTX, sent it out to see if people wanted to invest in it. And I was, I purchased a large quantity of it. So How much IS god it was like 6 million tokens maybe at the time. At what valuation? 5 cents. Where'd you get the money? Money I made. Yeah. I, well I just held crypto for a while and I'd made good money at Circle as well. So, So you, you get hired by Sam? Yep.


To do what and where do you go? So I'm in Hong Kong. He had recently moved to Hong Kong. I get hired to run the, over the OTC desk for him and that's what I did For how long? My job constantly changed there. So I think I probably ran the OTC desk and I had, you know, at a, at a startup you pick up as many jobs as You can. Right. So sort of anything that's lacking you, you try to help out with. So I ran the OTC desk, but I was also helping, you know, get customers on FTX customer support for FTX when people had issues. You know, I was involved on the banking side because I had the relationships, you know, a lot of these nerd type characters don't speak to people Well and I did speak to people well.


So I took over a lot of the relationship based work. You were the designated talker in the office? Yeah, Yeah. I was sort of polar opposite of all these people. Yeah. So I took over a lot of those responsibilities. I worked, it was about a year in that position and then I was totally burnt out. I'd made a lot of money with FTT going up and so I, that was the first time I went and tried to quit or sent in a resignation letter. And What happened, Sam sent me back this sort of incredible letter about how he didn't want me to go, I could do whatever I wanted. Basically, you know, if I'm working too much, drop some of the responsibilities. I told him no, I was still leaving.


But then I went in to have a meeting with Caroline actually and she started crying that I was leaving and it, I don't know, it was very sad. You know, she was working 24 7. I think she knew if I left she was gonna have to take over all my work. I'd never seen her cry before. And so she started crying. I said, fine, you know what, if You can stay and do this, I can pull it together and stay and, and do this. So I didn't leave in 2019. I tried to cut back my, the Work. You've had some time to replay this in your, in your head. I bet you. Oh God, I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah. All of it. But yeah, I tried to pair back the work I was doing, but it's hard, you know, it's, if you care about something it's hard to, to do it less.


Yeah. You know, you know, things are being dropped. You don't want them to be dropped so you, you know, try to do them. Yeah. What was Caroline Ellison like? She's an interesting per, you know, the, what are they all like? So first off, the effective altruism, which we haven't touched on yet. Yes. It is this very like Silicon Valley West coast elite parent concept that you, this group of people have that they're smart enough to solve basically all the world's problems. Hmm. And The best thing You can do with your life is work as hard as possible to give all the money away. Which on paper doesn't sound terrible, but there's a lot of things on paper that don't sound terrible that are in the real world.


Like socialism, for instance. Yes. So that's the EAs and that was the center core of the company. That was Sam, Caroline, Gary nahad were effective Altru. And that's what drove everything in the company that was the center nucleus. Sounds Like a religion, Cult, cult religion. Yeah. Very much so. So work as hard as You can to make money in order to give it away Yes. To these big brainy ideas that, you know, AI or pandemic was I guess one of them. So, but Not to the housekeeper. Correct. Correct. Yeah. That Is one. I don't even know if they value individual life that much, to be honest with you. It's, it, it's a weird, the effective out thing was weird.


I hated it. Why aren't you a good person? Yeah, yeah, yeah. But there's no one's smart enough to solve all the world's problems. And the moment you think you are, you are the problem, not the solution. Yeah. That is deep. And so, and probably nothing truer has been uttered today, right? That is absolutely right. The moment you think you are, you are the problem. So how did it manifest itself, this effective altruism? Well, you always knew it was the sort of guiding light of the company. And you, if you weren't an effective altruist, you were never on the inside really. Right. Like it was, they were sort of in charge of everything. And you know, you sort of orbited around everyone else. Orbited around them, I guess is, is how to describe it.


And Would they talk about it? They would a little bit if you were there at like 2:00 AM or something, you know, they would be having a conversation about it. Yeah. They love talking about like, weird, weird things like that. Like AI taking over the world or all those sort of things. Were they For AI taking over the world? They were. Well, so there's different factions of ea I learned. Some are concerned about it, some are welcoming it and want it to happen sooner. Yeah, I do. Yeah. But the core idea is were the elect, were the elite. Were the people smart enough to fix the world's problems? Correct.


How are they gonna, what problems are they gonna fix and how are they gonna fix 'em? That's a great question. So AI came up and was a big one a lot. You know, Caroline had this nutty, you never know. It's true if they're saying these things or they're just saying them to hear themselves say them. But she had this thing where she was convinced AI was going to take over the world and it was best to appease the AI lords now. So in the future, they won't kill you when they kill off all the rest of the humans. So this is things she'd say like, Who are the AI lords? I Dunno, you're, you're talking about someone that avoided this as much as possible. But I was just occasionally sitting there. I mean, really.


Yeah. So this is a theology, obviously. Yeah, it's a cult. I think cult is the only way to describe it really. So you have to appease the AI lords so they don't kill you while they're killing everybody else. This was one of the nutty things that they would come up with. Yeah. Did, did SBF agree with that, do you think? I don't, he was definitely ea he was a, this extreme effective altruist. I don't know how he felt specifically about some of the, the weirder AI things. Was he in a like, personal relationship with Caroline Ellison? Yes, It was very, it was kept very quiet for a long time. But then, you know, I knew her roommate at the time and he told me that they were in a relationship.


But it's like not a relationship. Like what you are thinking of. I mean, these are people that only cared about working. You know, no one's going on dates or having like, Wasn't long Sunday mornings in bed. Yeah, No, none of that stuff. I, it was, she had an infatuation with powerful men. She blogged about it a lot. She always wanted to be around powerful men. And so I think she saw Sam as a powerful man. He was a powerful man. Yeah. Yeah. And so she wanted to be around that. She liked, she, one thing we bonded over, I love the musical Hamilton. I don't really like musicals, but I think that they just did a phenomenal, I dunno if you've seen it. No. Oh, it's Hamilton's great.


They did a phenomenal job with it. And she always used to quote that she just wanted to be in the room where it happens, which was like this Aaron Burr scene, you know, he's singing, I wanna be in the room where it happens. Yeah. And. so that she always identified with that. She just wanted to be in the room where the important decisions were being made. Oh, she was a power worshiper. Yeah, she was a power worshiper and very open about it. Really? Yeah. Like I'm a power worshiper. She blogged about it all the time. She would write these sort of blogs online. They were public, they were part of SB F'S trial in case. And so, I mean the, you know, daily Mail among, you know, other, the lower forms of the media ecosystem have, you know, made a big deal out of the sex lives of everyone at FTX.


They're like living in can it's group sex or No? No, there's no way. I mean, I didn't live with them, but I knew these, there's no way, No way that they were having crazy group sex. No, no. I, I think the Amish were probably having more fun than what was going on in that penthouse. Good. Well you're making me feel better. 'cause I, I don't wanna be catty about it, but you did see some of the players and you're thinking they should not be mating. No. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think part of, part of being this sort of west coast, you know, enlightened thing is like polyamory an okay idea, right? Yes. They, they try to wrap themselves up into that because that's the cool sort of elite intelligent thing to feel. Yes. But none of that was going on there. A lot of them had monogamous relationships.


They did all door And. there were about eight people, I think in the, in that penthouse. But no, you know, the media grabbed all sorts of fun headlines. 'cause that's what it does. And, and runs with them. I mean, that's what media is now, right? It's just grabbing totally good headlines. You know, a lot of the story, and I I want to caveat this with a ton of people got hurt, lost their life saves. Yeah. Over a million people. These are normal people who don't have a lot of money who are trusting it all in FTX. Yes. So, I wanna caveat with everything I'm saying here. You know, what FTX did and what happened to people is horrific. And I have to live with that every day. But a lot of the story has just completely been fabricated or, or made up. Did You ever go to the penthouse where they all lived?


Yeah. So Sam, I was first in The Bahamas, so we didn't get to, the second time I tried to quit, which was 21, I finally said, look, I'm finished. I am working too hard again. I have some money. I'm gonna go enjoy my life. I'm 27, I think at the time, you know, I was in Hong Kong at the time and I was, I was like, I'm done. And you know, I keep blaming the lawyers, but again, I go to the lawyers and I tell 'em I'm done And. they said, well, can you do us a favor? You know, we know you still care about the company, which is true. But, you know, The Bahamas had recently launched the DARE Act, which was a, you know, sort of a revolutionary digital asset regulatory framework. It was a better jurisdiction than a lot of the sort of other jurisdictions that do that.


It's not considered an a plus, but it's not, you know, sort of a, a terrible jurisdiction. Right. You know, they have a real regulatory body. It's not as sophisticated as, you know, a European country or the US or Japan. But it's not nothing. But the CEO needs to live in the country to be regulated there. And at the time, there was absolutely no way Sam was moving the company to The Bahamas. So Why We, it's an island nation. It has strong sort of, you know, they don't want you importing labor. They want you hiring locally. There's not a lot of housing. It's a, it's an island. Yeah. Small island. Small island. It's, you know, there's not 24 7 food options.


There's not, there's none of the infrastructure in place to run an actual large international organization out of, out of The Bahamas. It, it was impossible. It was always going to be impossible. But that was not the plan. The plan was I was gonna go there, run a small sort of shop. I hired, you know, some local people, did some philanthropy there, went through the regulatory process in The Bahamas. What's that like? It was fun. So we were working with the regulators to sort of educate them as well. They were eager to really understand and learn about the technology And. they were slowly adapting and building out the framework. But it was, it felt real. It wasn't just sort of, you know, this rubber stamp. Like they wanted to know what was going on, how it was being operated, what the different components of crypto were, how it was changing.


You know, it's seen, I think to the world as like this fake sort of place in regulatory environment, but didn't feel that way at all. Like, you know, we were educating, they were putting in place standards. They were trying to make them workable, but also monitor. But I'm only there. I'm there about two months and I'm basically, I'm quasi retired. I'm working like two hours a day. You know, we're doing the philanthropy stuff. I'm getting it all settled there. But everyone else is in Hong Kong running the company during, you know, business hours there. I'm free and I'm having fun. It was a great place to live. I was in a beautiful community. Yeah, it was great. And then two months later, Sam visits.


And, and I'm sorry, I should have asked what and what's your job title at this point? I'm CEO of FTX Digital Markets, which is the Bahamian subsidiary. Yes. Titles didn't have a lot of meaning at FTX in Alameda. They were kind of tossed around like candy to be honest. It was, oh, you either you work hard or you don't. Your title doesn't matter. You know, as I write a laundry list of regrets, accepting a title that had no actual, an important title that had no actual real meaning at the time is, is one of them for sure. But Sam visits and decides to move the entire company there. Basically overnight. He wants to import hundreds of people from all over the world into The Bahamas to build out a headquarters there.


I tell him it's not possible. People aren't, first off, people aren't gonna be happy. Right. These are people leaving cities, vibrant cities. They, most of 'em are young. Some did have families, but you know, they want to social setting where they can go out to a nightclub or go out and meet people at whatever they do. The Bahamas is quiet. It's, you're not gonna get that. So you're gonna get, they call it island fever. So I told Sam it's impossible to move the company there. Nothing was ever impossible in Sam's mind. You know, it was just like, let's get it done. And so all of a sudden I'm back to working 24 7. Only now I'm working in like the real world. We're buying condos to house people in, we're, you know, bringing in people to cook 24 7.


So there was food available. We're modifying the structure of buildings to house more employees. Yeah. I just, it became mayhem. How Much do you think FTX spent on real estate in The Bahamas? Half a billion to maybe 750 million. Million. How could you spend $750 million in The Bahamas on real estate? I mean there, so there's two types of real estate. Basically, there's very little middle class in The Bahamas. You have sort of this ultra wealthy section of the island, which is mostly people from foreign countries avoiding taxes. And then you have sort of the impoverished section, which is Downtown Nassau, Which is downtown. Right. We couldn't put employees in downtown Nassau.


And so the available housing was extremely limited. We also were worried about security and food and all these various other things. So we ended up pivoting towards one of these sort of large, very wealthy areas called Albany. They knew we were buyers of a lot. So they would up the price very quickly. I actually begged, at one point I begged Albany to stop selling Sam real estate, but they just obviously ignored me. 'cause they were making, you know, an insane amount of money. But a, a house in Albany might be worth 40 or $50 million. 40 or 50 million. Yeah.


Yeah. Condos were, I think 15 to 30 million on average. Oh. So it's just totally fake money at this point, Like that FTX and Alameda spending. Yeah. I Mean, if you're spending $15 million on a condo in The Bahamas, I mean, that's just absurd. Yes. It's untethered from physical Reality. That should have been more of a red flag. I mean, I can try to justify it. There's not great justifications. We made just so much money at Alameda when I was there. I mean, we made unfathomable amounts of profit at Alameda. That relative to what we'd made at the time that I was aware of. That didn't seem that crazy. In hindsight. Now it's absolutely effing ridiculous. Excuse me. Yeah. But you know, when you witness a company make two to $3 billion in profit in a year, it just didn't seem, you know, sorry, it shouldn't have been happening.


And I didn't want the company in The Bahamas in the first place. So there's, there's that, but it didn't seem crazy that that money was available to be spent On the basis of like, what was, if, if you pardon a dumb question, what was the money for? Like what, what were you providing that you were making 2 billion in profit in a year. Yeah. You were buying and selling crypto. I mean, you know, You can look at some of the large hedge hedge funds. What, you know, what d value does Ken Griffin provide? You know, he's, what Value does Ken Griffin provide? Well, he moves the Republican party toward endless war. I think that's a, I just bet his business, oh, I'm Sorry. I just bet his visitors, As far as I'm concerned, Ken Griffin provides negative value to the world.


But the trading, the trading community makes, I'm sure I'll be indicted at some point for saying that, but I think it, The trading community makes a lot of money. And, you know, what is the, what is the purpose of buying and selling all day long? I don't know. Yeah, yeah. Help. I mean, it does


Like summer's over and it is getting chilly And. there is nothing better for those chilly fall days than the products made by our partners and friends at Cozy Earth And. they make a lot of different things. Sheets and hoodies and towels and leisure wear. It's incredibly soft. And because it's made in part out of bamboo, bamboo, it gets softer every time you watch it. It is committed cozy earth to quality that You can feel. Their sheets are guaranteed not to pill, and they're backed by a 10 year warranty sheets guaranteed for a decade. So if the company is guaranteeing its sheets for 10 years, you know, they are not joking. They believe in the products they make And, they have every good reason to find out for yourself. Cozy earth.com/ Tucker. Use the code Tucker for up to 40% off. That's cozy earth.com/ Tucker. And if they ask, tell 'em that you heard it from The Tucker Carlson Show, you will feel the difference. Warmer, sleeping better, living better. Cozy earth.com/ Tucker.


When I was a kid, liberals who have, oh, disliked my whole life, I'll just say that. But they used to say like, we live in a world where, you know, teachers and carpenters don't make any money. And I would, oh, shut up. But now I'm sort of like a little bit more sympathetic to the idea that, I don't know, your society should reward people who do useful things. Yeah. No, I'm not, I'm not knocking that. I'm, I'm, I'm with you. but we were, the money was coming in. Right. And people wanted to Buy. And when you're in the middle of it, it's hard to ask the meta questions because you're in the middle of it. Right? Yeah. Right. It's interesting though. So they did, I mean, did you think it was weird that you were making that much money profit? I mean that's more than General Motors makes in profit.


Yeah. So in crypto though, it's not uncommon. You know, the, it'd become the norm to be in the crypto industry and just see people become phenomenally wealthy. So is it normal in the real world? No, but in crypto, you know, there are 16 year olds that made a hundred million dollars off a lucky investment. There's so much money sloshing around in the crypto ecosystem all the time. Yes. That, no, it didn't. It didn't seem So, I'm such a primitive person that I just don't trust anything digital. So if I made, you know, a hundred million dollars in crypto, whatever that is, I would immediately cash out and buy like stuff. Yep. What'd you do with the money that you made? Basically everyone kept it.


So I had been given some advice that was very good advice and I didn't follow it towards the end. But you know, if you keep the money fake online Yeah. Then you don't sort of get wrapped up in this world of being wealthy. And so a lot of people just keep, you know, there are people that are like living in a beanbag with $50 million in crypto and it's sort of fake as long as you leave it in in crypto. Yes. So I left most of it in crypto for a long time, you know, 19, 20, 21. It was wasn't until I moved to The Bahamas really that I started to wanna cash out and you know, get more involved in real world things. So what did you buy in the real world? Yeah, I bought some restaurants.


So during Covid I bought some restaurants back in the home, my hometown area. Yeah. I knew some people in New England. In New England, the Berkshires, you know, they were gonna close. I had friends that worked at them or family that worked at them and wanted to support the local ecosystem there. What's kind of cool. I bought some con well, yeah, now everyone, anyway, I bought some condos in the downtown as well because a lot of people were turning them into Airbnbs so people didn't have a place to live in. It is a very small downtown. It's like two blocks of a scenic town in Western Mass. But I, Airbnbs really wrecked the United. States I can say. Yeah. Especially small town living, living Area. Especially small towns. Yeah. But I kept them all apartments. We fixed 'em up. A lot of them were old buildings.


I had a buddy that was super into SpaceX and so we bought some of the properties that were really close to the place in Texas that Elon created. Yes. And we're turning them into, you know, we just talked about, we're turning them into Airbnbs for watching the SpaceX stuff, which was going pretty cool. Wow. It had some rental properties in New Hampshire. I did buy, I bought a nice car because there was a, there's a race that You can do. It's like a five day, it's called the Gumball. And a buddy of mine was doing it, but you had to have a nice car for It. The gumball still exists. Yeah. Yeah. It was very cool. Well that's a cool, will you describe it for people who don't know what it is? It's basically a luxury car race across America. You start across America or across Europe. Europe and all over.


They did Middle East last time, I think. And yeah, you start in one area and for five days you drive to the next area and then have some event with everyone else who's doing it. Yeah. So we started in Canada and then drove down and the idea was to get down to Florida, but Michelle and I stopped halfway through. But What kind of vehicle did you drive? Porsche? I actually bought here. You want to, I'm gonna make myself sound real stupid right now. Yeah. I accidentally bought an electric Porsche first. So the Porsche tie can, they don't say electric on it, you know, most EV cars or electric cars, they say electric. I stupidly bought an electric car. Which you couldn't use for gumball. No, not for road rally though. You Can. No, I know it doesn't. Not a great look for me, but, and so I ended up with a nine 11 for the road rally.


Was it fun? It was fun, yeah. It's fun. I'm not, yeah, it was fun. I dunno, I'm not into luxury purchases as much as Apparently or not. If you're buying condos in the Berkshires and rental properties in New Hampshire, then you don't, you didn't spend it on hookers and cocaine? No, No. I mean, I, we partied, I, I, I had some fun. I mean, that was another big problem for me, I think. Like on the backdrop of the hyper ea nerds that never left the office, like I'd go clubbing, you know, I would have a party and we'd drink and have fun. So I did send some, I spent money on having fun for sure. Not hookers and cocaine. But You're, you're an accountant who star started at Ernst and Young and you were on the zany edge of the office.


Well, I was at Ernst Young. No, no, No. At at FTX. Like you were one of the more social people there. Oh. But it, night and day. I mean, I, I would be the most social person at the meeting. So If the accountant is the craziest guy in your office, you've got a pretty subdued office. Yeah. It was just people that had this weird ea they were working 24 7 and then that, that was it. Yeah. Did you hang out with them at all? A little bit. I like to hang out with different types of people and so I would, I would hang out with them. Caroline used to do these things, God, I don't even know if I should admit this. She would do these things called LARPs live action role plays. Yeah. Where she would write these scenes that were occurring and then she'd make a character list of different people and she'd assign a different person, like a role.


And your job was to sort of just flow around and figure out like what your objective was in the game. It was weird, but it was kind of fun. It was really amazing that Caroline could write these but Fully clothed. Yes. Fully clothed. Yeah. And I was probably the only one drinking, or like two of us were having a drink. Wow. She would write live action role plays. Like what? Yeah. Nothing I ever would've done in my life. Did you ever, were you like the naughty nurse? Or like how did you, what, what was your role? No, What was one of 'em? I don't even remember what they were. I don't, was like, it was nutty, it was weird. But I would do that. That was like once or twice. You know, Sam would do these events at his apartment where he would like cook the shittiest vegan food I've ever tasted in my life.


So I would do that once or twice. But it's just not my scene. You know, they're playing board games and I don't know, it's Just not, it sounds like the weirdest office culture ever. It was bizarre. I mean, it's a little tech world though. I think the tech world is a little strange in that way. But this, having this EA component as well made it even weirder. Yeah. How did they treat, you said when you were describing effective altruism that they didn't care about human life or people, how did, how did you reach that conclusion? Everything's EV or expected value. And I wanna blow my brains out every time. I hear that now. But every decision is ev. So what is the expected value of this situation?


And I think actually, what Does that mean? I think Kaplan touched on this a little bit during the sentencing with Sam. You know, it was, if you could flip a coin and there's a 51% chance that, I don't know, everyone lives happily forever or a 49% chance that everyone dies, EV flip the coin. Right? Like, whoa, that kind of, that's a very extreme, sorry, I'm like taking a very extreme example. Yeah. But it's constantly looking at calculating The likelihood of benefit. Correct. Correct. And making decisions based off that. And Sam did it for everything. You know, Michael Lewis touched on this a little in the book. Yeah. Sam did it for everything. It's not for running. Yeah. For running a company with proper structure.


It's not terrible. Like it's a good way to make some decisions For sure. You can't run everything like that though. Yeah, no. It's important to calculate likelihood, right? I think. But I mean, the acid test for decency is how do you treat the people you, you know, who are dependent on you, who you control your, you know, how do you treat your housekeeper? Yeah. And how do they do by that measure? I, they just wouldn't interact with the housekeeper would be the only measure. Oh really? Of, Yeah, they, yeah. I didn't really interact with like many people. Like interaction wasn't their thing. Did they, it's interesting 'cause they're all politically liberal, obviously. And The Bahamas is a poor majority black country. Were they doing a lot to help the majority of poor people in The Bahamas?


N no. I did a lot of philanthropy in The Bahamas when I was there. So I think, you know, everything gets twisted with this terrible light now. but we were doing a lot, you know, we did a toy drive during the holidays to some of the islands that were hurt during Dorian. I fell in love with The Bahamas. I fell in love with the culture there, the people. Nice People for sure. Incredible people. Incredible positive attitude. Yep. You know, optimistic, I, I loved everything about sort of being in The Bahamas. Yes. So I did some philanthropy work there, but the company really didn't do a lot there. So there was an FTX foundation that was doing more in like the US that actually Joe Sam's father ran Joe Bankman.


And then Sam had this sort of big brain ea stuff that he was focusing on as well, which is your AI and AI climate. Was that a big Climate? Wasn't because climate was getting enough attention. So part of the EA thing was also very important. Things that weren't getting enough attention. Okay. And climate got a lot of attention. So this was their explanation for why So ai, what else? Like what were the other problems? The pandemic sort of was rooted in that pandemic. Yeah. Those are the two that I remember. Yeah. Did you ever get the sense that they were helping anyone? That's a good question. There was an issue. So Nead and Sam had an issue with So.


if you, your idea is make as much money as possible to give it all away. When do you start giving it all away? Right. And n after All of your desires have been stated. So Nead thought, look, we've made enough money, we've made a lot, let's start doing some of this actual EA stuff. I think in Sam's mind he hadn't even begun making money. I know it sounds crazy. It Does. So he's a billionaire, but he's not rich enough to actually give it away. Correct. I think he always, you know, we never celebrated milestones at the company. Like when something was achieved, Sam treated it like it hadn't even begun. There was no sense of achievement ever. You know, I would host some celebrations when amazing things happened and Sam would reluctantly get involved for a few minutes.


But in Sam's dream world, you never, there was no celebrating, nothing was ever done enough. Always more could be done. So, you know, what kind of Childhood did this guy have? You know, his mother wrote a letter where she talked a little about how he doesn't feel happiness. She doesn't think he's ever felt or is capable of feeling happiness. I don't, I don't know. Michael Lewis talked a little bit about his childhood. I never talked to him about his childhood or anything like that. So did You ever deal with his mother? A little bit. We're, she's more similar to Sam, I think. Like I'm not the type of person she enjoys being around. I don't wanna sit down and have a four hour intellectual conversation where I try to prove that I'm smarter than you. Yeah. That's not, you know, that's not my idea of a good time.


So, you know, we'd interact, but I think she didn't love social settings or like, at least someone like me. So not much. She sounds awful. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't know her that well. You know, it's, she's like an ethics professor and her son goes and does something like this. I mean, you gotta, you gotta have a few question marks there. Yeah. I think you do. The lot of this was playing out against the backdrop of the 2020 election. Yep. So what did, what do they think of Trump? What do they think of Biden? His mother was very involved in getting Biden elected.


I believe we'd heard, I'd heard stories about it. The, yeah, I think her, I think Mind the Gap did a lot. And don't, I might be wrong in, I think Mind the Gap did a lot in Georgia that ultimately flipped it blue for Biden. Oh. So yeah, I think that's true. I'm not a hundred percent sure. Mrs. Bankman free the ethics professors using money. I mean, 'cause she's not independently rich, right? No, I don't, not not what Sam was. Right. Did any of Sam's money go to that effort, do you think? Yes. Yeah, I think Sam wired 10, 20, 10, 20 million maybe more. Mm.


Interesting to get Biden elected. But he's not, he's not facing any campaign finance charges, I guess. No, he didn't get hit with the campaign Finance. This story, man. You get into the details. What did they think of Trump? They did not like Trump. Oh. They had this wild idea to try to pay him off to not run. And I just said, I don't wanna be a part of that. Wait, what they, I think it's Quod in some news. They had this idea to try to pay him $5 billion to not run. Who's they? Him and his brother Gabe And. there, there was like more of these sort of ea political strategist people That would be election interference and bribery. As far as I know, Yeah.


I wasn't involved in it. Are they facing charges for that? No. Oh. 'cause I think in a, like a first world country bribing people in the political system, including not to run would be a felony, like a major felony. That would be subverting democracy, I think would be the term we'd use. Yeah, That makes sense. Yeah. So, but no charges there. Yeah. Interesting. Were you aware of that at the time? I, it had briefly, it had come up and I just said, I don't wanna be a part of this. Like, I please, I also wanted him to win. You know, so I'm not Yeah. I want him involved. Did they know that you disagreed politically? Yeah. Yeah. I mean that was part of, you know, I don't wanna make this out. Like, I had no association with them at all.


Like Gabe got me excited about the pandemic work. Right. And so I got involved on the, the pandemic work. Yeah. That's not illegal. Yeah. But, so I was aware of some of the stuff that was going on, but not most of the behind the scenes stuff. Right. I wasn't an ea I was never in the EA world. I even sort of publicly mocked the ea. So You really didn't like ea I didn't. There were a few of us that really didn't, the only thing I liked about EA was it would bring workers in that worked 24 7. 'cause they had a higher purpose. Like there was a higher purpose to why they were working, and so they wouldn't get burned out as easily. So that was the only thing I liked. When EA started working, they worked 24 7, 365.


It Just, the personality type seemed so kind of classic early Bolshevik to me. Yeah, yeah. You know? Yeah. I mean you're, you're, you're bringing about utopia in the world. So actual people don't matter. You're involved in something much larger than yourself. So it gives purpose and a framework to your life. Yeah. It inspired, I mean, the early Bolsheviks worked like animals. Yeah. I mean, they did to their great credit. I mean, they were really hard workers. Yeah. And when it's written on paper, it doesn't sound as bad as it turns out. No. Right. Well, that's exactly right. As you noted, socialism doesn't say, you know. Yeah. Everyone, everyone's equal. What's wrong with equality? Nothing. I mean, Even Sam's whole thing, like on paper it all sounded fine in the end. Millions of people lost all their money.


Right, Right. It's yeah. Better Than you Ukraine famine. But still it's, it's, it's a branch of the same tree. So did Sam ever decide that he'd made enough money to start giving it away? No, I don't think so. I mean, there was, I think in his mind, well, sorry, let me caveat that in his mind, some of the political work he was doing was giving it away to these bigger initiatives. So I think that that was sort of a little bit, but no, not to the tune of what you'd expect from someone who that's their ideology. So it sounds like the Bankman Frees helped get Joe Biden elected in 2020. For sure. I mean, Sam was one of the largest democratic donors. Hmm.


I, I'm, this is just, this whole conversation is just me trying to make you feel even worse about what happened. You, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I feel No, I'm just shocked by it. Actually. I shouldn't be. But they were definitive players in a, in a contested election that I don't think, for the record once again, sorry, YouTube was legitimate. I don't think that, this is another example of how it was illegitimate. But whether you believe the results or not, they were huge players in getting Joe Biden elected. And you are the one who's facing prison for campaign finance violations. Correct. Yes. I mean, that's just absolutely nuts.


Did when mentioned paying off Trump $5 billion not to run, do you, do you know if anyone approached Trump or the campaign about this? I don't know. That's the, you never knew if they were just spitting out wacky ideas. I mean, I think they also had this idea to buy like an island and try to make it like just their laws and their rules. You know, it's just like they always had these crazy things you never knew, which, how real something was or what was just a absurd idea. What Would their rules be on Bankman Fried Island? I Do not wanna know. Pretty weird, right? Yeah. Yeah. Would It? He was vegan. He was vegan. Yep. Why Animal cruelty? He didn't like the idea of an animal suffering or, yes.


Yeah. I mean that's something that I think is definitely, he's stayed vegan now, right? He's slimming away to nothing in prison. So, you know, a lot of people said his whole ea thing was fake. At least the veganism, I would say is real. 'cause now it would be the time to drop the stick if it wasn't. Well, from your description, it sounds like the opposite of fake. It sounds like a sincere, deeply held religious belief. It sounds like a cult. It sounds totally real. Yeah. Did you think it was real at The time? I think it was real. There's, I think a public perception in the world. It was all just a show that he put on to try to raise more money. But I, I don't believe that. I think he genuinely, One of the mysteries for me as a total outsider watching this, you know, from afar is how investors could meet Sam Bankman Fried, who was like a child rocking back and forth, jumpy, stinky, wearing cargo shorts and think, I need to give that guy money.


Yeah. I mean, I can knock that I was enthralled by him when I met him. I mean, there's something about, there's something about his work ethic, the way he describes things. He can sort of bring you in to, to the way he sees or feels about things. He had a track record for a long time of being very right about things. You know, there's this, there's this kind of world where there's like idealized sort of central figures at companies. Yes. And they're either wildly successful or not. Right? Not his Sam Bagman free Elizabeth Holmes is his Elon Musk or you know, Sam Altman or Steve Jobs. Right. So there's this sort of central tech single person that you follow and have a lot of faith in concept that pays off handsomely or it doesn't.


And it seems to really only go one way or the other. So I think everyone's trying to find that next Elon Musk and Sam had a ish vibe that it could be him. That's such a smart analysis. I don't, you know, not my world, but I just feel that you're absolutely right that a lot of these places are effectively cult of personality. Yeah. And it does seem like a very collaborative business tech actually. Yeah. Yeah. I think That's right. But in case after case, whether it's Zuckerberg or or whomever, the, all the people you listed, one person gets all the credit. It does feel that way. Yeah. Yeah. And it either goes well, or, you know, it either goes too well or too, too poorly. So when things started to fall apart, what was your reaction?


What was Carolyn Ellison's reaction? What was Sam Bankman Fried's reaction? Yeah, so I had, I had resigned from the company in June, what year of 22. So before it collapsed, but a couple other people had just resigned. And I didn't, we didn't want the publicity of another. Why did you resign? I had tried to leave two years ago. I mean, I, I'd moved to The Bahamas to get away from everyone that everyone showed up. So I left The Bahamas for DC to get away from everyone again. Wow. So, and then the whole purpose of me being CEO is because the CEO wasn't gonna actually live there, but now Sam was living there, so he could be the, you know, he was the actual Yes. Person in charge. He could be the CEO on paper if he was gonna live there.


So yeah. I mean, I was done again. So you resigned. Did you, when you resigned, did you have any inkling that the company was in trouble? No. No. It seemed, I mean, it's, look it, look, it sounds crazy now. It seemed impossible. I mean, Sam was quoted in Forbes is worth $40 billion. I had watched Alameda make billions and billions of dollars. FTX is a very good business that was making about a billion a year in revenue. Sam had launched multiple crypto projects that had taken off. You know, I, I got my first ever death threat when we wouldn't sell someone more pre-launch token that Sam had just launched.


Right. He was selling sort of early release of a token called Maps crazy token idea. And what Was the idea? It was maps like your map, Google Map service or whatever, offline on the blockchain. What? Okay. Yeah. There's no more to say about that. Everything you're thinking about that is a hundred percent correct. Well, I Don't even understand it. What does that, It's 'cause it doesn't make any sense. Okay, Sam launches that is like selling it off to people. And we told someone they couldn't buy anymore and some guy threatened to like kill my whole family if we wouldn't sell 'em. I mean, this is how people were clamoring to be involved in anything SBF touched. So yeah, the idea that there would be significant financial troubles, like this just seemed impossible.


I mean, in hindsight now I understand, you Know, because it was just so hot. It was so hot. There was so mu I mean everything, you know, I, Sam could have pulled a booger out and sold it to someone for a hundred million dollars. I mean, it's How interesting. Human psychology never changes, does it? No. It's repeated over and over And over again. Yes. It really is. Everything's the tulip craze. Yeah. Everything. And it's just, but it's funny because Silicon Valley had this, you know, massive valuation bubble in 2000 Web Van and eToys and, you know, all these kind of ludicrous companies went under and people really suffered as a result. And then it happens again. Yeah. 15 years later. Yeah. I mean crypto's, crypto's done a lot of these up and down.


So it's not, it's not quite too up in that. It was up and then down of course. But, and, and I think Sam is a figurehead type person is going to happen again and again and again. Interesting. So where were you when you realized the company was in actual trouble? I was at a Buccaneers game watching Tom Brady play in, in Florida. And what, how'd you find out? So the balance sheet had leaked the sort of infinite balance sheet about a week before, I wanna say had leaked. And it was Alameda's balance sheet. And what it showed was that Alameda had basically been borrowing from a ton of lenders with questionable assets. So they had a bunch of assets on their books that were tokens that Sam himself had created and then went out to lenders And.


they lent to 'em. Now, when that broke, my first thought was, our lenders are screwed. Well That's, it's so funny you read my mind. That's the first thing I was just thinking. So that's what I thought too. You know, I don't know how much fault, like everything was very transparent with the lenders. There was no desire to, we, no one was hiding anything from the lenders. They wanted to lend, they had to keep showing new origination so they could show that they were growing. You know, everyone talks in crypto, like we're building this huge ecosystem, but everyone wants their share of the pie to be the largest. Right. You know, it's, Binance used to love to say like, let's all pick each other up and then Binance would crush little companies so it could get bigger. Right. It's business, it's, I'm not knocking it, it's, but the lenders wanted to be the largest one.


What, what kind of lenders? When you say lenders, Genesis Celsius, they're all bankrupt now. Shockingly. Genesis Celsius, block fi, blockchain.com. I'm missing a couple. They're all crypto lenders and they're all, yeah, they're all holding people's assets for them and then lending 'em out and providing a return. You know, this sort of collapse of over lending is also repeated itself over and over and over. That's for sure. Again, right. Yeah. So the crypto industry was just large microcosm of that. But this balance sheet leaks that shows basically Genesis. But a couple other lenders had been lending, I mean, I'm talking eight, 10, $15 billion to Alameda against what are, you know, inarguably questionable things to be lending against.


So my first thought is paper Maps on the blockchain. Yeah, yeah. You know, I, I made a joke. It was like a ham san, you know, Alameda was like, look, we got a ham sandwich. Can we borrow 15 billion? But they were doing it with other firms through, so Three Arrows is another trading firm. I mean, they weren't even preparing financials, it turns out they were just borrowing billions from these lenders. Anyway, so this, I could go on forever with this, but the balance sheet leaks. And my immediate reaction is not that FTX is in any trouble, my immediate reaction is, oh, our lenders yeah. Are in a lot of trouble for this. But then this sort of rumor starts to come out that FTX doesn't have customer funds. Like it's the, the balance sheet to some people somehow revealed that FTX didn't have the customer funds.


And I think a lot of that was driven by Binance, the sort of competitor, which was Sam's argument. But, so I'm at the Buccaneers game. I send this message that's been quoted now with, like in Sam's trial. I send to Caroline, Hey, can FTX meet all the withdrawals? She doesn't tell me yes or no. She testifies that she goes back and asks Sam whether to like be honest with me or not. So it's over, you know, it is very blurry in my mind. How, Sorry, just for a baseline, how old is she at this point? 30, 29 30. Everyone's, no one's older than that except the lawyers who are involved, who are all adults and had, yeah, no one's. But For them it's just pure profit. Like they're off doing their lawyer Crimes somewhere else, but they just pocketed the money.


And, they were never indicted or hassled by the FBI or anything. I, I don't know the experience they've all had, but they're not in trouble. Sorry, just, I can't keep hammering that enough. It's, it's an interesting aspect of it. There's a lot of documentaries coming out about FTX and that seems to be a central point that a lot of them are focusing in on too. That The lawyers skated. Yeah. Almost impossibly. So given sort of public information. Yeah. You know, I thought it was weird. I mean, I'm gonna, I don't know what they're gonna do to me now, but Yeah. Going to prison, you know, whatever, You know, I had almost thought the, the government and other people laid out the exact, my defense. Right. So like Dan Friedberg, the general counsel for Alameda, put out his own statement saying that he was in charge of all regulatory affairs at Alameda.


Like, that was in his words that he stated that, you know, the where Is, where is Friedberg in prison now? No, he's not. He's not been charged anything. Oh, He's not. Alright. Yeah. You know, the government noted I was worth hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars. So look, I'm just choosing to make this a crime. Like I thought my defense had been laid out by other people in like an odd way that no one seemed to care about. But yeah, I get it. So you're at the Bucks game. You text Carolyn, can we, can we, do we have the money? Yeah. Are these rumors true? Basically? Yeah. I don't remember. You know, it starts to become apparent.


They are, I remember I think a day later, his name's Zane Tackett, he worked for FTX and he sends me like, dude, this is a complete effing joke. There's zero money in the, the Cold wallet, which is a crypto term for basically where all customer's money should be, you know? And I wrote him back something like, haha, that's not possible. Like it's gotta be somewhere. And he was like, no dude, there's no, you know, all the customer's money is is not where it's supposed to be. And so then, you know, it becomes more real in that moment. I fully, you know, maybe I'm just in denial, I wasn't appreciating the money could be gone like where to go, right? Like Sam's not off buying, you know, he bought houses for the company, don't get me wrong. But he's not out there blowing hundreds of millions of dollars on his own personal life, right?


Everything is somewhere in the system that is Sam's system. Where is it? And then it becomes clear, I don't remember when this is all public. So if I, I don't wanna screw up and say this day, and it was actually the day before, but Sam drops the ventures book into a chat, which is all of the money that he has spent in FTX ventures. FTX Ventures was a VVC arm that he'd launched about a year before. And he publicly said he was putting a billion dollars into it. And we all, you know, he's, he's worth 40 billion with Forbes. I, I knew he, his money in my mind was somewhere, so it's fine. But then he drops this ventures book into this chat that I'm in, which is now an infamous, infamous chat called Small Group Chat.


And he says, Hey, we have, you know, can anyone sell this ventures book or start selling off some of it to meet the liquidity needs? And I open the ventures book and I scroll and scroll and scroll and got to the bottom And. there was like six to $8 billion of FTX ventures investments. And, they clicked to me. That's where the customer's money was. He had sort of taken what I think happened, and I think a lot of people don't think this is the truth, but in my mind, Sam had taken all the money from Alameda that he'd borrowed from Genesis and he, when, when Crypto tanked or started going down And, they weren't making as much trading. He poured it into a ventures book and then eventually the lenders recalled all those loans and Sam didn't have the loans 'cause he'd poured it all into the ventures book, which is illiquid.


You can't turn it into cash right away. Right. And so he went and took customers funds. Did Any of those investments hit? Yeah, a bunch of them did. Great. Actually really good. It was a pheno. I mean that's why customers being paid back so much and Anthropic alone, I think he made like 500% on No, they were great. A lot of 'em were great investors. So That's interesting. I didn't know any of this. So not a defensive Sam Bankman. No, it's not a, I wanna be clear, it's not a defense. Well you can't do that. But do you think, you know, net net as you say in your business, that was a, that was like a smart move. If it wasn't with, with the lender's money. Yes. Here's what I think should have happened though. He took all that lender's money and put it into ventures and then when he couldn't repay the lenders, he should have gotten on the phone and called them and said, yeah, for sure.


What do you want to do here? Like, I got this ventures book. It's not a bad book, do you? I mean, I can file bankruptcy if you want. I can give you guys the ventures, like how do you want to solve This? That that's not, yeah, because when, you know, once you take that much from an institution famously Yeah. You know, you've got some power. Yeah, Correct. You're almost too, he became too big to fail of course. And then didn't use it. Interesting. Why? I don't know. I think about that a lot. I, you know, and that's, if what I'm telling you turns out to be the correct story, I mean I was so uninvolved, you know, the world really because I've pled guilty to something associated with this. The world really wants me to have been like heavily involved in this or, 'cause Sam brought me to a group chat, but I hadn't been aware of what the company was doing until left.


If You've been involved, you would've been indicted for it, I assume. Yeah, I know government would for sure. Yeah. Right. And so I, again, we don't need to guess about that. I mean, you went through the process, you're headed to prison and you haven't been charged with or pled to any crime related to the fraud at ftx. That's correct. Yeah. Yes. Oh, I know it's Correct. They, they had me involved, they threatened bank fraud, which is asinine. But they, I was CC'd on an email between general counsel and the bank and Sam that was a bank application that they argued, did not completely articulate what that bank account was supposed to be doing. So they, they dangled bank fraud as a potential.


But There, there's no email from you saying, Hey let's take customer money and spend it on things. N no. No. And I think the bank fraud accusation is one of the most crazy actually. But that's, you know, I didn't plead guilty to that. I, yeah, Interesting. So at this point, when you're texting back and forth with people who are still at the company and you hear that there are no, you know, we have no a, you know, there's no money. Do you, do you think I'm in trouble? No, I, I really didn't think, I mean, I knew I was about to have a hellish, you know, year or two ahead. Yeah. But no, I didn't think I was going to be in trouble.


You know, I had most of my money on the platform. Like if I knew this was a fraud, I wouldn't have my money on the platform. I at all times thought I got the right people involved. I got lawyers involved or I thought it was necessary. I, you know, I thought the decisions that I had made the entire time I was there were the reasonable correct decisions. So, you know, I knew there was gonna be a lot of action interaction with the government, but no, I did not expect to have any legal trouble. So when did you find out you were in trouble? Let's see. So we are proffering, which for everyone doesn't know you, the lawyer, you tell the lawyers stuff and then they go to the government and talk about it. And then the government comes back with questions and then you answer their questions.


And so there's this interaction between your lawyers and the prosecutors about everything you have and know and wanna share. And so I was doing a couple of those and I thought everything was going well. I think this was about January, maybe February. So this is four Of 23? Yeah. So this is four months-ish. After the collapse, you know, I had sent off my cell phone for like $200,000 to be completely downloaded imaged and sent to the government for everything they needed. Why'd it cost 200 grand? I Dunno. It's what they charged at these. I don't, I don't know. The lawyers recommend a affirm you use them. But the FBI showed up at my house one day.


It was early morning, you know, I answered the door and my bathrobe, there's police everywhere. There was probably 30 armed agents that had the entire house surrounded with assault rifles pointed at me. There was some guy with a battering ram, obviously a guy with a megaphone yelling at me. And Without any warning. N no. In fact the lawyers were, you know, I asked the lawyers, is someone the police ever gonna show up at the house And? they said, almost certainly not. You know, we're cooperating with them, we're giving them everything they want. You're answering all their questions. We don't expect that to happen. But they, they did. They were there. They seized my cell phone and Michelle's cell phone.


They came with a battering ram and automatic rifles to take your cell phones. Yeah, a lot of cruiser. I mean it was really nuts. And then they held us in the car as all the school buses went by, which was infuriating. So the FBI shows up at your house, rather than just calling your lawyer and saying, Hey, we know you've imaged your cell phones already at the expense of $200,000 with like physical possession of your cell phones. They show up with multiple cruisers, automatic weapons, a battering ram, you're at home with your child, I think. And your pets. This is pre-child at this point. Pre-trial? Yeah, just pregnant. Pregnant girlfriend. Great. Perfect. And they show up and then throw you in a cruiser.


Yeah, they held us in the cruiser for a while. They were very upset. We'd brought our cell phones out with us. I think they had this grand image of like, trashing my house, I think is what a lot of these guys wanted to do. They certainly wanted to enter the house. I could hear them discussing. They were upset. They couldn't enter the house, These FBI employees. Yeah. We had had our phones with us when we went outside, so they had no justification to enter the house anymore. So they held us in the cruiser for a while. I could hear some back and forth about being upset. They couldn't go in the house, you know, all the school buses were coming by, which was unfortunate. And then once the school buses were done, they let us go back inside the house, you know? And it's scary. I mean, being without your cell phone all of a sudden is hard. You know, there's people trying to get in touch with you. We You can get in touch with the lawyers and things like that.


So, you know, you gotta run down of the store, buy a new cell phone. But it was the government sending a message. You know, we don't, we don't believe you, you know, we have a different narrative and you know, you're facing the government right now, so get in line. But again, the only purpose of sending guys with automatic rifles in a battering ram is to intimidate you. Correct. You're an American citizen and That embarrass you. I mean, the neighbors see, it's loud. It's, yeah, But treat you like garbage. You've not been convicted of anything. Not only that, but I, I thought into that moment we were being very cooperative. I mean, I had, you know, there's this sort of narrative out there that I refused to cooperate with the DOJ.


I wasn't giving them what they wanted. That's not true. I immediately cooperated, you know, I replied to the Bahamian government when they emailed me and I was offering the DOJ what I had. I just, I don't think what I had jives with their story of how things were and the narrative that they were able to create. And so they weren't, you know, they allude to, and they're very careful with it. So I, you know, I don't want to accuse them of being, well, not accused, but like, they're not outward with this, but they, through the proffering, You can kind of tell what you're able to say that would help you save yourself a little bit more. They don't tell you directly, but it's, you know, describe this campaign finance in a different way. Or, you know, how, how does this reconcile?


You know, they sort of tell you their narrative through the questioning, and it's your decision if you play ball or not. And I just decided I wasn't gonna lie to the government to save myself Like I feel some other people have in this situation. So, who I don't think, well, look, I know Naad did not think he was committing campaign finance fraud. I know that for a fact. You know, the idea that people worth hundreds of millions to billions of dollars can be straw donors. Just doesn't make, it doesn't even cross your mind. You know, I had had, when Michelle ran for Congress, I had foreign people that would text me and say, Hey, you know, I'll send you 50 bucks You can put in your campaign.


And I replied, no, that's illegal. Or We can't take foreign money. I appreciate the offer. Or even, you know, us people will be like, Hey, I'll, you know, I'll just Venmo it. You know, You can put it in. No, you can't do that. That's, so You're speaking of the mother of your child who ran for Congress Yes. Correct. In New York. Yeah. Didn't win and is now in trouble for taking money from you or something unclear. Exactly. Correct. For us, having co-mingled finances. Right. And her work for FTX not being real. Yeah. Yeah. So where was I before that? Sorry, Sorry. I just have to point out that there again, I, I wouldn't be saying any of this if you had even been accused of participating in the core fraud here, but you haven't been even accused of that, so by the government.


So, but, but you did give to Republican candidates. Yes, and I was associated with FTX. Well, yeah. Yeah. Well, a lot of people were who haven't been indicted. I mean, right. In our system, I if you know this, but the people who commit the Crimes get indicted. People who haven't committed the Crimes don't get indicted. That's, that's the promise of the system. I'm not sure I bel I'm not sure I believe that. Well, I don't either. So that's why this is a fast ending interview. But I I used to believe that. Did you believe that? Yeah, I held up right, until very recently believing that I, you know, I even tried. I'm, I'm not, I'm not a victim. I will never be a victim. I don't consider myself a victim. I chose to listen to the lawyers.


I, I made the decisions that I got. And so I don't want, I don't want this narrative to be that I feel like I'm a victim of something and I, I go outta my way to make sure I don't have that feeling. So I constantly try to spin it in my head to make it more the narrative events that I know isn't true. But I'm, I'm constantly trying to get there to make this all make sense. So, you know, I had a lot of fa I don't dislike the legal system or have that strong of issues with it until I sort of saw what I saw and saw how it plays out. I mean, the, the, well, I'm, I, I think you're taking the right tack. Emotionally, I think it's very destructive to think of yourself as a victim. I think the Democratic Party destroys millions of lives by encouraging Americans in certain groups to think of themselves as victims.


I agree with you a hundred percent. But as a factual matter, you are a victim because the Crimes to which you pled guilty are not Crimes. I, from my read of it, I don't, I don't understand how those are Crimes. It doesn't make any sense at all. If you're borrowing against your own assets and then you take the, which every rich person in the world who's invested in low basis equities, for example, does then every person, that money that you get from that loan or any loan is yours. It's yours. And if you donate some of that to political candidates, you're not a straw donor for the person who loaned you the money.


I mean, that's like a, that's crazy. Yeah, I agree. I, I think so You are a victim in that sense. That's like not a crime. And to construe that as a crime, it's like, it's self a miscarriage of justice, in my opinion. Yeah. I mean, I think it says a lot of why there was an inducement, right? There's no need to make an inducement to get someone to, to plea. If you have a good case or, or if that's right, you're guilty. Right. You only bring up an inducement because you know that, you know, this person's not believing or getting to the same place you want them to get to. Right. So they threaten your family. It's, it's more common than you'd think. Oh, I noticed the varsity blues case. You know, and a lot of the reality is people don't have sympathy for wealthy people. Right. Which is fair. I'm not arguing. There's plenty of people that have sympathy for, and so when there's a mis justice to someone with money, a lot of the world's just like, well, I am a wealthy person, I guess, relatively speaking, and I intensely dislike rich people, Even those, you know, I've been one my whole life, really.


But yeah, I dislike them a lot because I think they've been terrible leaders of our country. And I also just, I don't, I just don't like them personally. So I get it. Yeah, I absolutely understand that bias, that bigotry. But, but the system itself should, should guard itself from bias and bigotry. Just because you don't like, okay, you don't like black people. Does that mean every accused black person should go to prison? No, of course not. That's horrible. It's immoral. Yeah. Yeah. Right. And so it's that, it's true for any group. You assess the crime on its own terms. Is this actually a crime? Did the person actually commit the crime? And what's the appropriate punishment for committing that crime? Like, those are the only questions that matter. It doesn't matter what group you're from.


Right? Yeah. That's how you'd expect the legal system to work. I think but's, it's clear as day, that's not how it, it works. If they told You that because you're white and straight, that you can't get a fair trial. Like, don't we have a civil rights division at the Justice Department? I mean, that's the problem. Some it, it, it would be like, well, you know, you're black, you can't get a fair trial. Well, okay, we have a federal government to fix that. Right? Yeah. I, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Sorry. I mean, I'm getting you, you're obviously much more balanced psychologically, but I'm outraged On your view. You have, you go crazy. If not, you go, you Go crazy. So how are you feeling having gone through all of this? This has been a remarkable conversation, Thank you, by the way.


But how are you feeling by the prospect of spending seven and a half years in federal prison? It's a good question. I think I'm more upset at the impact it's having on everyone else. I've, I, I mean, no one's gonna, I've always been fairly selfless, I think, in sort of how I operate. You know, I'm not excited for it. But, you know, the impact on Michelle, the impact on the kids, the impact on my family, the impact on, you know, of the FTX fraud on all the customers. I mean, those things are much worse. I think I've talked to a number of people that have been through the prison system, and so I've gotten advice on how to do it or what Have they, what have they said?


Well, they sort of assure you it's not as scary as, as you're feeling like it's going to be. Right. It's, it's, you're not in with people who committed sexual assault or gang bangers or things like that. You know, figure out ways. The boredom is what I'm told is sort of the, the hardest thing to grapple with. Yes. And you have to find ways to have purpose. I think a lot of people that end up in, in white collar crime situations, right? Their whole life, they felt they did things to have purpose. Right? People are successful, wanna have purpose. Yes. And so you're all of a sudden stripped of your ability to have any real purpose and figuring out how to combat that is, is one of the key things that people recommend. I believe That. So how do you do that?


I mean, I've got a massive book list I've sort of been putting together and working with people who are gonna send me those, hopefully I can teach or provide some educational material. I've already helped create. So there's this guy named Michael Santos. He was incarcerated for almost 30 years for a small drug possession crime during, during the war on drugs. And he has started a program to help with education. And so we together created a course that'll be sent into almost a million prisoners by the end of this year. I'm hoping around digital assets and cryptocurrency and this evolving economy. Come on. So that was very cool to be a part of and is hopefully gonna have some positive impact. You know, there's it's pros and cons, but the crypto industry has a low barrier to entry.


Right. And it's, I think it's one of the cool things. There's people all over the world in every economic class or s agree with that situation that get to be involved. And it's a very unjudgmental community in the sense that You can just self get involved. And so, you know, I'm hoping people less fortunate than me who come outta prison. This could be something that's hopeful for them, you know? 'cause you get outta prison, job prospects are terrible. You know, all these things are horrific the moment you get out. And so, you know, if this, if a couple people could find a meaningful job in this industry, that would be incredible. You know, it's terrible. The situation's been for me. There's the people who have it way worse, who go through this system. So, Are you claustrophobic?


No, I actually like small spaces, believe it or Not. Come on. I do. I do. It's one of my, I live in this very large house right now, and it drives me nuts. I walk into a room and I'm at least 10 things need to be fixed in it that I haven't gotten to. And I just, I, I, I don't mind small spaces. So I lived in about 400 square feet in Hong Kong and loved it, loved the apartment. So I'm not worried about the space. I don't, I don't know what I'm worried about, to be honest with you. Like for myself personally, I navigate situations well. I'm pretty friendly with all types of people. So, you know, it's much, it's much worse on everyone who has to deal with my aftermath out here. Yeah. How is your family dealing with it?


Not, well. I mean, it's hard. It's hard. You know, I'm splashed across my local newspaper as like this horrific human being that stole everyone's money and hurt all these people. You know, all the stuff that I thought was doing good is now perceived as me trying to hide that I was an evil person by doing good. So that sucks, you know? Yeah. It's terrible for them. Yeah. It's terrible for a lot of people. I'm sorry. No, not your fault. Has it changed your view of crypto? No, I'm a stronger supporter now of crypto than I think I was before. So the basis of crypto, FTX is in some ways the antithesis of what crypto is, right? Crypto is a decentralized platform that the network that doesn't need these centralized institutions, that sort of doesn't have to deal with the horrific banking industry, which is a horrific industry.


And so FTX and buying these all serve as bridges right now between what I'll call the old world and the new blockchain based world. And, you know, FTX proved the exact thing that a lot of people in the crypto industry are arguing, which is like these centralized powers. You don't know what's going on inside of 'em. They get too big, they get too careless. They obfuscate human lives in this sort of, you know, it's big central arena. So the basis of crypto is fighting against what FTX was really, they're necessary bridges right now, but I think eventually they won't be. So, no, I love the crypto industry. I'm not saying there's no issues with it, that's not my point at all. But I have a stronger faith in crypto now than I I did even before.


Really? It's really, it's an incredible network. I mean, I'm not like praying to it Every night like some people are, but it's amazing. I mean, if you've ever sent cross border remittance through a fed wire system or through a bank wire, it's a horrific process. Yes, that's right. And the authority that the banks have over what is your asset is not good. It's, it shouldn't Be. It's shocking. It's shocking. You know, try To withdraw, you know, $25,000 in cash from a bank. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you probably give more money, probably get more than 30 agents at your door. Oh yeah. No, no. I, well, I couldn't agree more with that.


I wonder though, given your experience, just trying to sort of see what you've learned from it. Like, you know, you make the people with power mad, you annoy them. You give, you know, $20 million to Republican candidates in a tightly contested cycle. And, they, like, they wreck you and then they go after the mother of your child, you know, small child trying to send both parents to prison, really on campaign finance violations. It's pretty, if you would do that, there's nothing you wouldn't do. Right? So crypto, the idea of crypto absolutely. Disempowers the banks single most important institution. Most powerful in, in America. Yeah. More, more powerful than pharma. Even like the, how can they allow crypto, honestly?


Yeah. I mean, I don't think the government gets to decide what's, well, couldn't agree more is not allowed. So agree more. But you know, there have to be rules. I I'm not anti all regulation. Right. There needs To be. No, I'm just saying as a practical matter, now that you, they sent a guy with a battering ram to your house in suburban DC Yeah. Like they, they don't have limits. Like if you get in their way, they'll crush you. Right. They, they killed, they murdered Jeffrey Epstein. Actually, that actually happened. Sorry. It did. So how can they allow Bitcoin? I mean, you have to, to Proceed, You have to fight, right? You can't not fight. But At some point the fangs are gonna come out, right? Oh, They've come out.


The fangs have come out. I mean, the Republicans are fighting against those fangs, you know, really Thank you to Ted Cruz for initiating that war. But, you know, it was interesting, and I'm gonna sound crazy when I say this. When crypto first started being noticed in DC I was worried that, not worried, but I, like, I thought Elizabeth Warren was gonna like it. She's ran this whole, you know, fake anti-bank campaign. Oh, Of course. of course. Individual rights, you know, this whole thing. I know. And I thought Republicans are gonna see this as a competition to the dollar and might be at more apprehensive to something competing with the dollar. Yeah. And so I was like, oh, you know, we're gonna have to do some education work on the Republican side. And then, I mean, Elizabeth comes out pro big bank of course, of course.


Anti of, I mean it's Same with Bernie Sanders. It's really Wild. I mean, they're against the billionaires. They're against power. Same with that. Who's that sort of mildly attractive but super annoying chick? The former bartender from New York ac Yeah. can can't, but I can never remember her real name. But anyway, yeah. We're against fighting the power fight the banks. But they're tools of the banks, of course. Every one Of them. Yeah. I mean, crypto's a great proof of that. I mean, this thing is, I mean, this is the quintessential individual rights. You know, a network can't be racist, can't be sexist, can't be anything like it's, it's just math working. This should be the dream for people who advocate that that is their Priority. Like true egalitarians should embrace it, Love it, should love it.


I mean, you can't be denied access to using crypto because you're in the slums or something like that. Or you, you know, a lot of people go to get bank accounts that don't have a lot of money. And, they get hit with all these fees and all this crypto doesn't do that. It can't do that. It's a math network that works because math works. Yeah. It should be the dream for these people. I mean, I, you know, they showed their cards completely. And now a lot of people pretend it's not true. I don't think Democrats will come around. I, it's crazy. Well, I watched this, we were laughing with this at breakfast, but the Gary Gensler thing, I watched some very smart, really good people in crypto who I know big holders of say Bitcoin, say, well, I think Gary Gensler's, you know, he's not gonna be, it's like Gary Gensler, first of all, he's just a total tool of the people in charge.


Like, that's it. Like whatever they want, he'll do. He's never gonna be on your side. But they like, were convinced that he was Yeah, it's baffling. I mean, in a dream world it's so not a partisan issue, but the crypto industry didn't make it partisan. The, the government made it partisan. Right. Well, I agree. Yeah. Well, I think it's really simple and I have the advantage of knowing a lot less than you do about the details. So for me, the big picture is clear and it is that this technology is a threat to entrenched power, therefore they'll do whatever it takes to destroy it. Yeah, yeah, that's true. Right? Yeah. Or try to control it. Right. I think they've gotten sort of the US government now, so Binance survived where it was one of the biggest crypto exchanges.


Yeah. But now they're under US government surveillance. So I think Binance is essentially just an extension, a crypto extension of, of the US government at this point. So Can I just ask, is someone who believes in freedom, whose freedom's about to be taken from him? The one of the, to me the most intriguing promise, most thrilling promise of cryptocurrency was the ability to transact, you know, any, any kind of economic trans financial transaction in with privacy. It's like nobody's business actually. Yeah. It's not, it turns out it's not that private though in a lot of ways it's, it's not private in a lot of ways. It's more so who the account holder is, is private until it's somehow made public. But the transactions are public forever.


Yeah. By definition, I mean by definition that that's the point of the blockchain. But the idea that, you know, I don't, no one has to know like I'm allowed to buy things or sell things. Yep. Without everyone knowing about it. That seems like a human right to me. Yep. Can will that ever be made good? I mean, why there Are blockchains that operate that way. There are sort of hidden like XMR And, there are blockchains specifically built to obfuscate ownership and ability to review the transactions. But In say 20, I mean this is an emerging technology. So in 20 years, will it be easy for the average person IE me to buy something or sell something using this technology?


Is a currency medium exchange in, in privately? No. My sense is, no, it won't be though. Like the core use of it won't be, but it's not private. You're, it's not private. Now cash is your most private For sure. That's why they hate it. Yeah. But Cash is going away. Yeah. Unfortunately I'm not, yeah, sorry. The blockchain doesn't solve cancer and every problem, just to be clear, it's just a, a very good network for sub specific sets of purposes. I know, I was just, okay, I I, I won't throw up my key. No, I don't think you'll end up a crypto lover at any point in time. But, well, I wanna be, that's the thing. I've spoken at two crypto conferences.


I like a lot of crypto people, they're smart. Some of them are scammers for sure. But a lot of them are just really high-minded, idealistic people, high IQ people who want to make the world better. So I love them, I love them. I love Michael Saylor. I like, you know, a lot of those people, I'm so sympathetic to it, but I just want it to give me some privacy. That's No privacy. Privacy. You're not gonna get, I mean, You can be private in the sense that no one knows your address belongs to you. Right. But I don't think it's gonna get, it's not gonna solve the privacy on a large scale. Could you fund a 'cause you, there is no meaningful opposition to the current regime in the United States, which isn't, there's no organ or a lot of Trump voters, but they're not organized And.


they never will be organized because the people in charge prevent them from being organized. They tried on January 6th, a lot of 'em are still in jail. So will crypto solve for that? Will you ever be able to fund a protest movement that can't be defunded by the people? The protest movement challenges? Well, I mean, so the, you can't stop the transactions from occurring and so that's, you know, a bank can stop a transaction from occurring. Yeah. Or close your account or things of that sense. You can't close someone's Bitcoin account and there's tons of different cryptocurrencies. So we're generalizing here a lot, but You can't close someone's Bitcoin account. Yeah. Let's go with Bitcoin. So you there that account?


Yes. You could use it to fund a protest that couldn't be stopped. Now once you have the Bitcoin, if you wanna turn it into cash, that could be prevented. Or if they flag your wallet as being a like extremely high risk wallet or associated with something nefarious, a lot of other people won't interact with it or won't wanna receive from it. This doesn't completely solve government control, but it takes things out of centralized institutions and puts them in your own pocket. Yeah. Which is enticing for a lot of people. I think we're going to a border economy. The, I just, I just think it's really important that the people in charge not have a monopoly on the money because when they do, they will defund any effort to challenge their authority.


Yeah. It's anti American. I mean the whole principle, it's completely anti what We're doing here. That's right. But I dunno, a lot of people don't share that view. Well I just want to wish you truly godspeed and Thank you for explaining all of this and anyone who's made it to the end of this interview, I think will have a completely different, as I do view of what happened, certainly to you. Last question, have you talked to Sam Bankman Fried since all has happened? I have not, no. I haven't really spoken to anyone. So the lawyers do a great job. You get siloed immediately. You can't interact with each other because then you get threatened with collusion or more Crimes. Oh. It's sort of part of the legal, it's very smart part of the legal system.


They, you know, you become a pawn in this game of lawyers and the pawns can't interact. The pawns lawyers can interact if the pawns lawyers are willing to interact, but for the most part you're siloed and separated. So I haven't spoken to anyone who's meaningful in the entire situation. No. First amendment for the accused. No. I mean they, it's, yeah, they don't like you talking, you know, they threw Sam, Sam got locked up early for leaking a diary to the press. You know, the, the prosecutors control the whole, they have to control the whole narrative. It's a, it's a game of publicity for everyone. But you know, the individuals in a horrific spot in the governments in the greatest imaginable spot.


It's so disgusting. It's hard to express it. Ryan Thank you very much. Yeah. Thank you for having me. Appreciate It. Yeah. Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library Tucker Carlson dot com. James O'Keefe's line in the sand premiering only on TCN on October 10th. You can sign up to watch at Tucker Carlson dot com. James O'Keefe's new documentary, wind in the Sand at Tucker Carlson dot com.