
So almost exactly five months ago, the Republican presidential candidate shot in a face, in the face on camera. The man who apparently did it is killed. The world stops, history changes. But the one thing that doesn't happen is any accounting of what that was. Who was this guy? How did this happen? And even now on the cusp of Trump's inauguration, it's, it's disappeared. I don't, I, I haven't heard anybody ask those questions. I've heard some dark mutterings and so you're one of the people I, who I think was on the story at the very beginning. You a rational but insistent way.


And so I thought it'd be worth asking. Like, what was that? Yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure I've ever seen an incident of that magnitude disappear from the news so quickly. Yes. We got what, maybe a week of like true kind of flood the zone coverage. Yes. And then it was gone. Welcome to Tucker Carlson show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else. And they're not censors of course, because we're not gatekeepers. We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly, check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com.


Here's the episode. That's w that to me is the weirdest thing about it. But it Was a shooting, it was an assassination attempt. Yeah. And it raised like the most pressing possible questions about a lot of different things. And you know, I understand the news. Media didn't wanna give Trump any advantage, didn't wanna run the picture of him triumphant. I get it. But you would think that every elected official, every American would wanna know how did, how is this allowed to happen? It was allowed to happen, but by whom and why and how. And I don't hear anybody including Republicans asking those questions. So like, what is this? Yeah. So I kind of look at it as three big questions. Who, who is the shooter? Yes. Everything that kind of puts him together.


How did they let it happen? That whole process. And then what happened to everyone who let it happen? And then within that, like the framework I have trying to figure out, you know, what exactly happened is You can look at it as like option one, just a total snafu across the board. Everyone failed. Accidents happen. Guy manages to get up there. It's exactly what it looks like. So that's option one. And then you've got option two, which is kind of what I would call Strategic Incompetence. So you have DHS, which runs Secret Service and the Secret Service is a soup sandwich from top to bottom. Like it's a disaster.


Culturally, everything about it. Did you have people who were making that even more difficult, who were deliberately making Trump vulnerable on the off chance that maybe someone would go solve their problems for them? So that, that's my number two. My number three kind of scenario is it encompasses all of number two, but you kind of have two different hands of government. You've got the secret service hand is just totally incompetent, making 'em completely vulnerable. But unbeknownst to that hand, you have this other hand, like I would call it like the Russiagate hoax hand. These people who are just always doing awful evil things.


The John Brennan hand. Yeah. Was there somebody there looking for super disturbed, impressionable young men to kind of poke with the stick? Like, you know, Trump Trump's and Butler, you should go check that out. So you have the incompetent hand and then the devis hand. So that, that to me is option three. And they weren't working with each other, but they were creating the conditions to allow that, what happened to happen. And then I think the fourth one is the government just killed him. It's like those are, I kind of look at everything through those lenses and try to figure out can we disprove this one? What fits here? And like where I am now, I'm like kind of between two and three.


I, I refuse to believe this was just a series of unfortunate accidents and incompetence. It's put together. It's just not, I just don't believe it. 'cause I've been alive for the last, you know, 10 years. Yes. Watching everything they do. Yes. And yet saying in him, I don't think there's evidence for like the JFK style. Like we all know Lee Harvey Oswald didn't do it Right. Of course's absurd. So I don't think there's any evidence, or at least I've not seen any to suggest that was replicated here. So I think it's somewhere in between deliberate incompetence to make him vulnerable and then you had some cell somewhere finding someone to urge to go do it in ways that would make it very hard to trace.


So Thank you for starting with your conclusion. Let's work backward and go through by number the three questions that you raised at the outset. Who was Crooks? Thomas Crooks, the shooter? Yeah. We, we still don't know. Like it, it's wild. This kid comes outta nowhere, manages to get on the roof shoots President Trump fires eight shots before anyone even like remotely tries to bother him. He was able to fly a drone there for like 10 or 20 minutes. Did recon multiple times throughout the day. Had an a operative operable IEDs in his car, had a bomb in his house.


And we still know basically nothing about him. I, it, it's crazy. So America First Legal, they sued to get his academic records and turns out he was a really good student, really good student. I think he got his entire time in high school and college, like maybe two Cs. I think one was in Spanish and one was in differential equations. And the rest were mostly A's and some B's here And there. So he was like a smart, smart kid. One of the congressional committees did a investigation looking into it. And parents really didn't know much about their own son. Like I think either the mom or the dad at the point asked, are you gay?


Like, you're not dating anyone. What's going on? Like, they don't even know kind of what's going on there. We know the FBI has like his phone, his devices, his computer, they know who he was talking to. They know where he went. They know where he bought stuff. They know what he searched for. And we don't know anything about that. So, and there's a senate report from the Homeland Security Committee that tried to dig into it. And there were two congressional committees in the house and the Senate that actually did a really good job given all the constraints they have figuring stuff out. So they asked the FBI, you know, all these questions 'cause the FBI took the lead on it, give us all this information.


At the time the Senate put out their initial report, the FBI had given them 27 pages total. H how, I mean, as Congress, they could shut the FBI down. Like what, what I don't understand what is going on. I Yeah. And and you had the other on what Grounds could, would they not turn that over? Do you know? They, it's this weird thing that happens. They actually don't have any legal basis to do it. They'll say things like, well, ongoing investigation, that's totally made up even when there is an ongoing investigation and not when your suspect is dead. So like clearly no one's gonna be criminally tried for that 'cause he's dead. Even that's totally made up. There's nothing in the constitution that says this agency that Congress created and is funded by Congress can just not give them stuff because reasons.


It's totally made up. So I think a, a big reason is most people in Congress are totally weak. Think they're cowards. Yeah. That's for sure. They don't wanna get crosswise with the FBI. It would take a lot of work. So they just kinda like, huh, okay, I guess we won't get it. Ongoing Investigation. Yeah. The, the house committee, for example, they also did a great job. They said that the FBI interviewed over a thousand people in the course of their investigation And they produced over a thousand. They're called FD three oh twos. Yep. Which is how the FBI It's actually crazy what they're allowed to do. I know. They don't have to have a transcript or anything. Yeah. When they interview you, they just have an a piece of paper that's their recollection of what you said. And then that becomes gospel.


Don't have to Record it. No, No. That's actually how James Comey got Martha Stewart thrown in prison. Oh, I know. Yeah. It's, it's so dirty. But so they have a thousand interviews over a thousand documents. They gave the house 81. So Yeah, it's just mind blowing. So we, we don't know like anything about this crooks guy beyond, I think like maybe a 15 minute press conference that one of the FBII think might've been the FBI guy outta Pittsburgh who runs that office, like 15 minutes of him talking in very vague, like 50,000 foot terms about what they knew. Oh, he searched for Joe Biden and Donald Trump.


Do You remember that? Yes. How, how that came out. And that was meant to make it look like, oh, the guy didn't really have any political motives, Did he? I mean, what were his motives? Well, I mean the base motive was he wanted to kill Donald Trump. Right. Which, which everyone kind of got lost over. They, you'd have the talking heads being like, what was his motive? Well, I think he wanted to shoot Trump in the face Just Spitballing here. But so you have the FBI. He's like, well he searched for Trump and, and Biden, so clearly he didn't have any political views. I'm like, well, well how many times did he search for? What was he searching? That's like kind of a, it's kind of an important thing.


Well he searched for the DNC and the RNC. Okay, great. That's utterly worthless information that I could do nothing with. And they're like, and that's it. So we, I mean, We literally don't know. We know nothing about this kid. No. We don't know who he was talking like, here are the things I would wanna know all the places he went in like the six months leading up to this. Not just the week. I wanna know every place he went. I wanna know every person he talked to in person. I wanna know every person he had a phone conversation with, texted with telegraphed, with, signaled with. I wanna know everything he looked for on Google Maps. I want his whole internet search history. And I like wanna go through it in real time and like just find out what was happening.


I assume the FBI's done that. I know they have the capability to do it. Why? Why? Like why has Congress not been told anything about it and why we not? It's just, And so that kind of stuff is why it's impossible for me to look at everything and be like, well it's just a series of unfortunate accidents. But I mean, the, the core question in any crime is like, why was it committed? And I, I mean, we're not, it sounds like there's no progress whatsoever. None. None, none. Well, that itself is like, just tells you that the country's in free fall. That it's just so corrupt. It can't even carry out the basic functions of government. Right. Trying to figure out why murderers murder.


Right. But, but like, like who was he talking to? Was he just alone in his own silo doing all this? Did he do everything on the internet? I don't believe it. 'cause at one point they told us, oh, he had encrypted text messages, some of which were overseas And they just let that float out there and then never talked about it again. Is there any evidence he was in touch with any specific person or group overseas? None that I've seen. None That, none. So we just, we no details. It's a total black box. Yeah. Okay. So Heritage Foundation, at one point, one of their guys over, there's great investigator Mike Howell. I don't know how he did it. Was able to get like, location data on devices that had been in or near Thomas Crook's home.


Yes. In, in the weeks or months leading up to it. And then where those had been. So I think this came out like maybe a week after. Yes. There there was one that had pinged around the FBI. Yes. Now that could be a, the FI building in Washington. In Washington. Now that could be a ton of different things. 'cause everything's around the fbi. Of Course. That's, I, but I'd like to know more about that. But we haven't been told anything. Sue, he had IEDs. He sent up a drone. So in order, what were the IEDs? Do we have any idea? Yeah, So he had two IEDs in his car that they found afterwards. They were wired, they had detonators in them. They had primers. They were connected to remote sensors that he had a, a remote control for on the roof to set off.


Now what's super weird about it is in the car, the remote transmitters there were off. So even if he had that remote transmitter in his hand, he couldn't have set him off. So that to me is weird. You go through all this trouble, you're gonna try and kill The president. You've got all these bombs in your car, but then you don't, I mean, they're technically armed, but there was nothing that he could do to set them off. That's weird. It is weird. It doesn't make any sense to me. And he, But I should have asked this earlier. No statement of any kind. No manifesto. None. No description of his own beliefs about anything? Nope. Of any Kind?


None. He liked shooting. Like he seemed to go to a shooting range every now and again. That, but Well, clearly he liked shooting and I, you know, right after the shooting, there were all these, you know, usual I was a door kicker of some special operations people on TV saying that's an easy shot. 130 yards. That's just not true. That's just, that's a lot. I mean, I shoot a lot. He, he crooks turn a cop, a local cop came up a ladder behind him. He crooks pointed, tell correct me if I'm wrong point. You're right, you're right back the cop down and then immediately assumed the prone position got off eight shots at that. And I think it was, it was 130 yards. I think it was probably 150, but like whatever. That's plus minus pretty far.


Yeah. And, and got as close as the president's ear. So under extreme stress as a 20-year-old with no military training, man, I, I mean luck plays does play a role in everything, including shooting. But I'm sorry, I, I have a hundred yard rifle range. I know what that is. That's like pretty good. Yeah. It's it and it, it's helpful to know what he had. So he had, I think it was A-D-P-M-S ar 15, like pretty vanilla off the shelf. I had wondered for a long time what his optic was. Yes. Was he using ironite? 'cause to me that makes all the difference. It does for like a layman between hard and easy. Yes. Like you, you take some like pipe hitter who's been doing it for 20 years, whatever he can, he can do what he can do.


He only had a red dot on it. So he had a Hallow sun red dot with a two MOA red dot. No magnification that I, I like to think I'm a pretty good shooter. I shoot a lot. I think that's a tricky shot. I Totally agree. Especially under stress. Yeah. And, and which Is always the key. It's like anyone can sit on a Sunday afternoon with your kids and like, you know, Bam on the bench with like completely. Yeah. But there's a cop behind you with a gun and you lie down and get off eight shots and one of them is just spot on. I dunno. And he only missed 'cause Trump turned his head. I know like when, you know the angle, like he started out with a target like this, that became this like, yes, it, and so he went, you know, from probably a four to six inch target to like a one inch target just based on where he was aiming that I, my friends are gonna make fun of me for saying like, that's a hard shot.


I think that's a tricky shot. No magnification under duress on a hot roof. It is a tricky Shot. I don't get all these people like, I, I'd do that, you know? Okay, show me. Yeah. If You have like a, you know, 18 x magnifier on it, you're shooting at paper and you're on a bench and you've got a nice little platform set up, that's an easy shot. And that's not what happened. And there's no arms police officer behind you coming up to shoot you. So. Yeah, no, I mean, but again, you know, luck does play a role in life for sure in life as backgammon. You know, luck is, luck is a component, but, okay, so he brings these explosives inside. What should be a perimeter he puts Up, well it was outside the perimeter, so it was in his car. Right. So I don't think that was within like the security perimeter.


Okay. That's just wherever he parked his car. But he's got bombs in it. He's got operational bombs in his car. How? And he puts a drone up. What do we know about that? So we know that we, he showed up around the park, I think around one o'clock so that the event was starting six-ish. So they probably opened the doors at four, let people in. He was there beforehand. Just kinda walking around, looking at things. Casing it comes back at I think 3 45 ish, 3 51 and flies a drone for like 20 minutes. Flies it all around, looks at everything. Gets a bird's eye view. They were able to recreate the path that he had when they got the drone in the controller, but there were no pictures from that flight.


So he's looking at it on his controller look, flying it and seeing what it sees. But when they go to the device, there's no images on it. They can recreate the flight path, but that's it. So he does that for like 20 minutes. And what's interesting is the whole day, so the Secret Service didn't send their own drones, but they sent some guy who'd gotten trained like a month or two previous. Not on drone mitigation, but on drone detection. So he brings his little stuff in where he can go and detect a drone. They can use it to figure out where the controller is and where a person is. Doesn't work all day. He spends like hours on the phone with an 800 number doing tech support. No, come on.


A hundred percent doing tech support. Turns out he had a bad ethernet cord. You can't, you can't make that up. He had a bad ethernet cord. So he finally gets his working at like four 15 literally minutes after crooks had been done doing his recon with his drone.


We told You before about data brokers. Those are companies that operate 1984 style on the basis of selling information about you. They spy on you, they monitor your online activity and then they sell it to private businesses and to governments Who wants any part of that? We don't. And that's what we use an app called Express VPN. Unlike data brokers and the tech conglomerates that serve them, express VPN cares about your privacy. Here's how it works with Express. VPN 100% of your online activity travels through secure encrypted tunnels. And that means that everything you do online is private. Nobody, not data brokers, not big tech, not your internet provider can track what you do online. No government knows what you're doing. Express VPN also has rolled out a new feature for us customers called Identity Defender. It gets your data removed from data brokers files. It monitors the dark web for your LinkedIn information and it alerts you when someone tries to use your social security number. This issue is more than just about weird internet surfers, creepy people in their parents' basements watching you. It's about freedom. You've got the right to protect yourself from being watched. You have the right to privacy and express. VPN helps you reclaim it. Right now you get an extra four months for free. When you use our special link, go to ExpressVPN dot com slash Tucker and get four extra months of ExpressVPN.


If your job at a healthcare facility includes disinfecting against viruses. You know, prevention is The best medicine and maintaining healthy spaces starts with a healthy cleaning routine. Grainger's world-class supply chain helps ensure you have the quality products you need when you need them from disinfectants and cleaning supplies to personal protective equipment. So You can help deliver a clean bill of health. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Is it true? And by the way, did the drone fly over the podium and the place where Trump was? I don't know. In the, in the reports that are available, they say that they recreated the flight path and it went all around the area. Whether it went right over that podium. I don't, I don't I would assume so. You have 20 minutes. It wasn't a big area. He gets somehow a range finder onto the site through a secret service screen. No, I don't think he, I don't think he took it through the magnetometer. So one of the problems was you have this area that really isn't that big, it's a farm show. So you've got, you know, a horse ring for people doing stuff with livestock.


You've got a big field, you've got grandstand here And there. You've got a bunch of barns, but it's not a big area. And you would think they would've made the whole thing, the security perimeter, like a full circle all the way around. You're not getting in without getting checked for anything. But they ended up carving out this area, which was the American Glass research, the A GR building, kind like the sprawling, we'll call it like a five building complex. And it was from one of those roofs that he shot Trump from. And they decided, you know what, we're gonna put that outside of our security perimeter so You can get to that area without having been screened or anything. No magnetometers, no pat downs.


And that's like 130, 150 yards from The president. I think he may have been around that area with the rangefinder. He may have gotten in. But they, they ask one of the secret service agents, he's like, well a rangefinders not a prohibited item. It's suspicious. It makes you wonder, you Know, why would you have a rangefinder? Yeah. He's not golfing. Okay. He's not like trying to figure out could you use the nine iron or like the, my pitching wedge. They're like, you, you know why someone has a range finder And he for shooting. Yeah. And, and by the way, there's a, there's a difference between golf range finders and ballistic range finders. Of course there's a big difference. Yeah.


Like you get a nice ballistic range finder and it'll like, it'll tell you not just like your horizontal distance, it'll give you your actual shooting distance, compensating for your angle of view and all that. Like that's not like, oh, it's a hundred, it's 108 yards to live. Yeah. Plus his camo. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It looks like. So they, they see that and, and the local cops flag him as suspicious. So the local cops start kind of getting on their radios and saying, Hey, there's a dude with a rangefinder. Like everyone be on the lookout for it. Secret Service doesn't really hear this because all the counters Snipers their, their lead counter sniper who's the most junior person on the team, which I find fascinating.


The counters Snipers hadn't been used I think on a non-presidential event in ever. This was the first one they put. Of the four people they send the most junior guys, the team leader, he doesn't even bother to go pick up his radio. That would've given him comms with all of the local police. That's mind blowing to me. It is mind blowing. I, I was talking to a former army ranger sniper friend of mine was a sniper in combat, was a team leader. And before I even started telling him kind of the stuff I learned and stuff I knew, he said, well I mean a radio is a sniper's most powerful weapon. It's not the gun like that.


That's actually not the sniper's job. That's like one of seven things a sniper does. Like the most important thing they do is they observe And they record And they communicate. And so this guy who's leading all of the counters, Snipers who are there by the way, because there had been a specific long range threat against Trump from a foreign actor that they knew about. That's why they were there. The guy doesn't even bother to get his radio. Hmm. And so when Trump is on stage, when you've got all the, the local cops like setting their hair on fire, trying to get this guy who they know has a rangefinder, he's acting super weird.


At, at one point you have local law enforcement starting to draw their weapons. That's something you would think like maybe the Secret Service people on stage or the guys on roofs would wanna know about. They had no idea. Wouldn't, I mean the first priority would be to establish communication between all law enforcement agencies on site, right? Yeah. I mean that just seems like obvious. They, so, And they didn't even have a unified command post. They had the secret service in one little area and then they had the local guys over here and then they had I think one or two people who were local in the secret service command post. But they didn't actually have a unified command post, which is also bonkers.


Can I ask how Crooks knew that this one cluster of buildings was the one place in the whole area that was outside the security perimeter? How would you know that? So let, let, let's define terms here. So security perimeter is where You can get in where you don't have to get a pat down, right. Or through a magnetometer. So that's just like superficially obvious. I can walk all the way over there and I don't have to go through a magnetometer. And then you've got the security bubble, which is like the area that people are responsible for, which is gonna be a much broader, bigger area than just your security perimeter. He knew, 'cause he'd been walking around there for five hours, totally unmolested, got a drone up, he had a range finder.


He cased the place. He knew it just by having walked around being like, oh there's no cops over there. I'm gonna go over there. It's abs. It's, did we ever find out why those buildings were not under surveillance? Just 'cause it was such an obvious shooting platform? Yeah, so this, this is what I find the most enraging, the, this counters sniper team lead has been deposed in a bunch of, by a bunch of different committees. He gives different answers in all of them. Mike, if you want, you know, failure, failure has a lot of people to blame.


And so I don't think You can blame it on one person. I think You can blame it on one organization, which is a secret service utterly incompetent from top to bottom. It, it's a totally rotten culture with no accountability, nothing. So, and within that you had a bunch of people who failed. But the last link of failure, which is what allowed the guy to get a shot off, was from what's due to this counters sniper team lead. He shows up I think four days ahead of time to do his advance. So I think this would've been the Wednesday, which would've been July 10th Trump shot on a Saturday July 13th. He has four days on site, puts together his plan, kind of sketches out where he wants everyone. He never set foot on or in that building.


Never. Wh why This will blow your mind. He's testifying to one congressional committee and they're like, well they ask him that question. So you never set foot over there like even the day of when you got time to do a final walkthrough. And he says, no you, well you see. 'cause I had to go do a bunch of paperwork and I wanna make sure my paperwork was good and I wasn't fuzzy and stuff. Quote, you live and die by paperwork. I thought you lived and die by bullets. Yeah, no you live and die by paperwork. He was so focused on his paperwork that he never went and actually looked around. The other thing that's crazy. Do you know anything about This guy by The way?


I know a little bit. Don't know his name. He had been with the Secret Service I think for six years. No prior military experience. No prior sharpshooter or sniper experience. He showed up, worked for two years. 'cause you have to work like a desk or trailing someone for two years before You can be a counter sniper. And then he had been a counter sniper for the rest of his time there. Now I personally find that kind of crazy. I would think if you want someone whose job is to think what a sniper thinks like and be able to have countermeasures and protect against that, you'd probably want a guy who had done that job before.


Yeah. Like if you're gonna have somebody teach in your basketball team how to do defense, you'd like to know that they've made a basket before. Of course. Yes. But that's not what happened here. So you had a guy who, no prior military experience, no prior sniper experience. He actually wasn't a sniper. He was a sharpshooter. He could shoot, I, I'm sure he could shoot well from long range. But that like, that doesn't make you a sniper. You have to know, you have to know so much. There's recon, there's observing, there's getting into position, there's communicating, there's recording. Those are all the things that people who go into sniper school in the military spend weeks and weeks doing before they ever touch a gun. And they, they'll talk about like the, You can kind of teach anyone to shoot a gun.


Yes. That's the easy part. It's, it's mechanical, it's learning all the other stuff that, that it's like the real value in the job. Yes. So this guy never had that. Just ta-da. He's a counter sniper now. So he's setting up his perimeter. He had no idea when he set the people up where he wanted them for the event. So you've got Trump on stage, you've got three barns behind him to his, to Trump's three o'clock, which is directly north. You've got that a GR building where the, the shooter was the sniper team set up directly behind Trump on two of the three barns behind him. So the ones that we've all seen and that shot were like, you got one guy in the tripod who pops up and looks around and then you've got the other guy who's prone, they never saw the shooter because there's a gigantic tree in their way from where they were line of sight to where the building was, where crook shot gigantic tree blocking like a third of the building.


They never saw him. Wow. So then you have the team leader and his partner and his partner's the one who shot crooks. They're on the southern barn. And so one's on one side, one's on the other. The counters sniper team leader. He never saw the shooter. Shooter was dead before he ever saw him. So you've got one guy basically in that whole area who has visibility on that roof. And you would think, oh well he must have been scanning that area regularly. Well they, Congress deposed this guy And he says, no, that actually wasn't my area that I was supposed to be scanning. So if you think of a clock, you know, 12, 12 o'clock, three o'clock, six o'clock, nine Trump's in the center where he's looking is 12 o'clock.


The position from which he was shot would be three o'clock. The guy who actually shot him, he was actually watching from six o'clock to 12 o'clock. So east, south, and west of Trump. Yes. He was never looking over there. It wasn't until he heard shots that he turned over there. So of all the people who were tasked with doing counters, sniper surveillance and and mitigation, only one person ever actually saw the shooter. Even those, he'd been on the roof for six minutes. So It sounds like there was a, a blind spot, an entire quadrant. Huge. That they weren't even looking at. Correct. How can that be incompetence? That's incompetence.


Laziness and arrogance. And afterwards the secret service, you might recall, tried to blame the local cops of course ago they, they were supposed to do it. We had 'em in the building. They never told the cops, number one that their job was to be scoping out that roof. All of the, the cops from the local police forces who were there to provide sniper coverage. First off, they were never told that they were counter Snipers. They were told they were Overwatch. So they set up in an area in the building where they had a great shot of the crowd, pretty much the entire crowd. And they're watching it the whole time. They had no idea that they were supposed to be looking at a building roof, which is 180 degrees to their left.


And because of how the window opened, it was like one of those, I think they call 'em casement windows. They've got the crank Yes. Case. So you, so you've gotta crank it and then it slowly opens. Yes. It's not a double sash that opens top and bottom. I don't think they could have seen that if they had wanted to just because of how that window opened. They, they'd have to get around like almost leaning out the window to see which of course they're not gonna be doing. 'cause they think their job is crowd Overwatch. So those guys somehow get blamed in media reports by people who are obviously secret service sources. Well, we put 'em in that building. That was their responsibility. And all of them were like, no, that was never our responsibility. We had, we had no idea.


Also, They're local cops. It's not their job to protect the candidate or The President. Right, right. Yeah. Just because you Secret service have chosen to delegate, you know, one of your responsibilities, it doesn't stop being your responsibility. Right. It's a core re that is your whole respons. It's your right. Yeah. You have like, you have literally one job. You don't let The president get shot in the face. Yes. And so they're, they're questioning this guy, this counters sniper team lead and they're trying to get him to admit that things were done wrong. And so they're asking him, so like were were, would you consider what happened to failure? He goes possibly The candidate shot in the face and that's a possible failure.


Possibly. And what's weird is, I, I talk, does This guy still work for the us? He still works for the Secret Service. He was put on admin leave for like a week and it was more like a mental health therapy leave. Yeah. Something traumatic happened. Oh, Like Michael Bird, you murder someone and you're the victim. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. And then he's like right back working full-time for the Secret Service. Now, Now as far as we know, Was anybody from Secret Service fired? No, not, not that we know of. So you had Kim Cheadle, who is the head of Secret Service. He's a total idiot. I thought she was a hero. She's a woman. So she's a hero. Yeah. Well obviously Yeah. She's strong and brave. Yeah. So she retires.


Then you had her deputy who was like the guy who is actually in charge of the day to day. He gets elevated, doesn't get fired. Those are the first two people I fire in instantly. Like I find the leadership channel, like the leadership chain and I find everyone in it. Like you're all, you're all gone. It's not personal. You might be great people, but Secret Service calls itself a zero fail agency. You clearly failed. Yes. And to my knowledge, nobody's been fired. The problem is that these are the, the bodyguards. And so, you know, in the Ottoman Court everyone was afraid of the bodyguards.


Right. So like That's who runs your coup. That's Exactly, yeah. We're getting, we're getting to like the most, the most basic facts of life, which is the armed people are in charge. And so, you know, you hate to think that's the rule in America, but do you think it's possible that people were afraid to mess with the secret service because no one wants to mess with the bodyguards? Well, I assume that's why we've never gotten the truth on the JFK shooting. Right. Like I just kind of assume secret services was involved somehow. And that's why presidents have been cowed into not releasing it. Interesting. It would, it wouldn't shock me. Yeah. I mean that, that's like the most, you know, that's the most basic interest of anybody's not to get shot to death if you think. Right, right.


Yeah. And that, you know, I'm speculating to some extent, but you do wonder, I always wondered and I asked, like if you're the Trump campaign, why don't you make a, I mean I I I think, or I know that Trump thinks he doesn't wanna whine about being shot because you seem weak when you want. They tried to shoot me, you know, he, he downplayed it on purpose. And I think that was a, it was a manly thing to do, this impressive thing to do. There's dignity in that. I admire it. However, like it is kind of important to find out what happened. And I always suspected that maybe, you know, they felt a little bit threatened because they've got a campaign. They've got months more of campaigning to do.


They wanna do outdoor venues. Trump loves outdoor venues. He's brave, he's obviously physically brave. We know that. On the other hand, do you really wanna piss off your bodyguards? I mean, do you think that is part of the dynamic here? I mean I, how could it not be? Well that's If you're a Human, right? Yeah. You had the people on the stage. They didn't know anything was going on until Trump had been shot. Like you would think the people on the stage who were like the literal personal protective detail, the ones who physically formed Oh fact girls on the stage. Is that You mean? No, there was, I think there was one. One, Okay. Yeah. But there were, there were several men on there. Those guys are the ones who like physically have to go in and I think they call it a body bunker.


They put around The president. Yes. They had no idea anything was going on or there was anything, any trouble anywhere until they hear shots fired. And they interviewed the guy who came. So if you're watching Trump and you see the Secret Service agents come in, the guy on the left gets in first. So I think the House Butler task force interviewed him And they said, okay, take us through what was going on in your head in that moment. And he's like, well yeah, we, we heard some scuttlebutt that local police were looking at something at three o'clock like to to Trump's. Right. That was it. And he said, and then I heard like a pop like, And he said, my, my immediate thought was it sounded like one of those popit firecrackers did you throw on the ground?


Yeah, Exactly. It always does. Yeah. And he said, so that's, that's what I thought it was. So I thought it was a heckler in the crowd. There must have been a, like a heckler who got the pop. Its in the crowd. And then I hear the second shot and I'm waiting to hear in my ear heckler. And he said, and then I heard the third. And that's when I knew I, And he, by the way, he's hearing nothing in his ears at this point, getting no communication. He says that's the point at which I go and jump on The president. We hear him kind of going over us. Yeah.


I was in a restaurant the other night, In fact this weekend and I had a little trouble hearing what people were saying and I thought to myself, I'm a little young to go deaf. Why? Well because I grew up shooting bird hunting, target shooting. And I remember my father saying, just stick a Marlboro filter in your opposite ear and you'll be fine. I wish we'd had suppressors but we didn't. You can now check out silencer central Silencers play a crucial role in improving accuracy, maximizing your experience and protecting your hearing. They're not dangerous or scary, it's just the opposite. Not using them can be dangerous. Have dinner with me in a restaurant and you'll know what I mean. Silencer sense Central can fix your problems immediately. They will find the perfect silencer for you and make it very easy to buy one. It's not the hassle you thought it was. I know. 'cause I just went through it. So you get approved and then silencer central ships your order straight to your door, no hassle whatsoever. It is easy. It doesn't get any better In fact. So if you thought it was impossible to shoot suppressed you were wrong, go to silencer central.com right now. Start browsing, use the code Tucker 10 for 10% off your first purchase of Banish Suppressors. Highly recommended.


Oh that's, so of the eight shot, like where did they go? Those eight shots? I think they were only able to find actual bullet fragments from two. So there were actually, there were 10 shots fired total. There were eight from crooks. There was one from a local law enforcement officer who shot almost simultaneously with crook's eighth shot. So you have 1, 2, 3 had a burst of three, then you had a burst of five. And then the five like all went high. One of them hit a hydraulic line on one of those like telehandler or lulls or cranes behind it. So it starts spewing hydraulic fluid everywhere and you see it drop all of a sudden after the hydraulic line gets punctured if you watch the video again.


So I think that was from that second group. So it was three and then five as crooks fired his eighth shot, a local officer fires his gun at crooks. He swears he got him. There's no like forensic medical evidence that he did. But there's no firing from crooks after that point, after that eighth shot. And then 15 seconds later comes the shot that kills crooks. No way. 15 seconds. And and the reason that happened was because nobody had eyes on the roof. So you had your sniper 15 Seconds. Yep. So So that's an entire magazine worth of, I mean you could fire an entire mag.


Oh, easy with an ar. Yeah. You can easily unload a mag. Wow. That is crazy town. Yeah. So you have the sniper who's, who's on on the roof who takes the shot he's been watching. So like if you are crooks, if you where the shooter is and I'm where Trump is, the guy who shot him is looking here and all the way over here the whole time he's looking to his left and background. Yes. So he hears the shots. He has to get up, orient himself to where the shots are coming from. Where if he's got like ear muffs on or ear protection on that can be kind of hard to do. 'cause those does play tricks with locating sound. Oh yeah.


It's impossible. So he's got, he's gotta locate the guy where the shots are coming from has to make identification of the guy who's got the gun and then has to fire at him. So like I don't even blame that guy 'cause he, he was told to watch this sector. He's watching it but yeah. 15 seconds And he fires one shot who is Okay with a 3 0 8, 300 wind mag. Wow. That's a big, that's a big boy gun. Yeah, That's a scary gun. So It's 300 wind mag. Really? Is that what they used? Yeah, Black Hills ammunition. So the cartridge was Black Hills. Yeah, it was a 210 grain Hallow point.


Oh my gosh. Tip on it. So That ends the conversation that so that for people who don't shoot, that's so much larger than the 2, 2 3 or 5, 5 6 round that crooks is shooting. I mean it's, Well and the cartridge is huge. Yeah. It's like four bucks a cartridge. I mean it's like, it it's a big, that's a big boy cartridge. And when you fire a 300 wind mag, like you feel that you get fatigued pretty Quick. I had someone come to my range just at my house and with his grandfather's 300 wind mag we're just shooting on Sunday afternoon And he just charges the thing. And I was like, man, no more of that. That's just too loud. I can't say With it so, so loud. It shakes my molars. Yeah. You go to a range where someone's shooting like 300 or off and you're like, ugh, it's impolite. I don't know, put a suppressor on it.


No, I totally Agree. Yeah. Wow. That's in, that's Yeah. And 210 grain. That's a big yes. That's a big bullet. Yes. And so I think he hits him from 155 yards and it hit him in the lip, goes through the face, out the neck, but then back into his back And they recovered a fragment of the mushroomed bullet from crooks of body. Well he didn't suffer. Not with a 210 grain. Yeah. From a three win Mac. Yeah. Wow. So tell me about the cop who says he shot crooks. Where was he? He was, so there was this furious action going on by the A GR building.


I, I believe there were five, either four or five different local law enforcement agencies. So you had the Pennsylvania State Police, you had the troopers, you had Butler County Police. So Butler County was the county where Butler is. You had the Butler Township Police. Yes. You had the Beaver County, I think sheriff's. So they're one county west of Butler. And then you had the Washington County, which is southwest of Butler. So you had five different local law enforcement. The Washington guys I believe were down by the horse ring. Yep. Which is probably a good four to 500 yards away from everything.


But they, they had fairly good visual coverage of everything. So it was mostly the Butler and, and Beaver County people. So they're furiously searching around. You've got one guy who, who tried to climb on the roof 'cause they're furiously searching. He climbs on the roof. He's got, he, his partner hoist him up. So he's kinda holding on like this to the roof, looks up and sees the shooter right there. And he says the shooter turns on him and aims him. And he said, I don't know what happened next. I don't know if I lost my grip. He said, next thing I know I'm on the ground. I'm on the concrete. He said, there's no way for me to pull my gun 'cause I'm, he's like hanging.


Yeah. Like doing a pull up. He's like, I'm hanging there. I'm not gonna be able to like, no. So he says, I don't, I don't remember exactly what happened. All I know is I saw him crooks turned and named his rifle at me. And the next thing I know I'm getting myself up off the concrete. Damn. So who is the cop who says he shot crooks? It? I think it was a Beaver County cop at, At some distance though. Yeah. I mean not, he wasn't right on him, but he had him in his sights fired one round With a rifle. With a rifle. Swears he shot him. But there's no evidence that he Did there. There's no forensic evidence in crook's body that he was shot but crook stopped firing after the eighth round, which was simultaneous with the round from that cop.


So did he hit the gun? Maybe there's some speculation that he might have hit the stock. Well it sounds like he stopped the shooting. He absolutely did. Whether he hit him or not, he absolutely did. So a magazine has obviously more than eight rounds in it. And I assume Crookes did as well. He had unfired rounds in the, in the mag when he was, when the rifle was recovered. Right. They recovered I think all eight shell casings. No, but he still had ammunition in the magazine. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. So I, what I'm asking is it sounds like the local cop stopped the shooting. Yeah. Yeah. He didn't run out. He didn't stop shooting 'cause he ran outta ammo. Exactly. Correct. So it was not the secret service that stopped this assassination attempt.


It was local cops. I mean Yeah, that's when the shooting stopped. Yeah. It stopped permanently when he got a 210 grain hordy tip through his upper lip. Yeah. But the shooting had been stopped prior to that. Wow. 15 seconds as as noted is a very long time. That's what, why, why? Because they had no eyes on them. You had your two Snipers on the roof in the north barn and that was the number two unit. How, how they were kinda categorized in all the documents. They never saw him because they had a gigantic tree in their way. It was impossible. And so it's interesting, we all watched that footage.


Everyone's wondering who got him. So they see the guy who's kind of kneeled kneeling down. He's on the big tripod. People automatically assumed, oh well he did it and then he's got the guy prone next to him. No. Well he must have been the one to do it. You see him like he's either looking through, I think his binoculars, he might have been looking through his scope. He hears the gunshots And he pops up. Do You remember this in the video? Yeah. Pops up And he kinda looks around and you're like, why is he off the glass? That's weird. He's, he doesn't know where it came from. Like those two guys on that north barn are furiously looking where it is. There's no way you could know. I mean, it'd be like Yeah, yeah. Impossible to know. Yeah. Unless you were looking, had someone looking there.


Exactly. Which they didn't. And then you have the counters sniper team lead who had convinced himself that because they had local cops in the building, that that was their job to be watching that Even those, it was physically impossible for them to do. And, And they were never told they had to do that. And then the one guy who had a sight line to that was assigned a sector that was exact opposite of it. How, how, like that's a lot of incompetence. It's Unbelievable. So three people were shot two in addition to President Trump. Yeah. Yeah. That Was your question. Sorry, we, I got sidetracked. You said, where did the bullets go? Yeah. So three people were shot. Corey comparator, the, the firefighter, he was shot, two other men were shot.


We know Two other men. Yes. There were three, there were four people shot Trump. Two men who were shot and didn't die. And, and Corey who was killed by a bullet. Yeah. Right next to my producer, like right next to him. Which is wild. Yeah. I was right there. He said he was covering blood Wow. From it. Yeah. I'm only saying that 'cause there's a lot of drama. Yeah. It's not just Trump getting shot in the face. Yeah. A Man died. Yeah. It was murdered. Yeah. And two others were shot. We know anything about them or how they fared. They're, they're alive and well, there was an interview with them by one of the networks a couple weeks ago, but they're alive and well and they're talking about it.


Obviously they'll carry scars with it forever. But I don't believe they were permanently disabled in any way. Damn. But they couldn't account for all the bullets. Yeah. Which, which makes sense. You know something, Nicks a a bleacher and goes off into the ground. You're never finding a bullet. These are 22 caliber bullets, just to be clear. Yep, yep. These are so, so they were 2, 2, 3 caliber bullets in a 5, 5 6 cartridge. Right. Yeah. But but the bullet itself is 22 caliber. Yep. Is tiny, tiny, Very small. Yeah. Pe people who don't shoot guns and think ars are massive, big, powerful guns. No. They'd be shocked at how tiny 2, 2, 3 rounds are like that. Right. The point Is the velocity, the point exactly how fast they're going.


But it's not a 210 grand hundred tip. 300 mag. Right. Which you could not mistake for anything but like a bullet. Right. Yeah. So, wow. Okay. So we know nothing about the shooter. We know nothing about why he did this. His beliefs, who he spoke to, we, he's just, we know nothing about him. He's a cipher. Yeah, no, literally nothing. He's the only 20-year-old would no social media presence and apparently no cutlery silverware in his house. So Yeah. I remember, I remember that news report. One Of my daughter, one of daughters told me that. So it was reported that afterwards, I don't, my theory is that silverware was taken as evidence because he was mixing bombs in his house.


Oh. I did not read anywhere that, when officers showed up. 'cause they interviewed one a TF agent who was actually in the home and who's the one who discovered the IED in crooks bedroom. No mention of no silverware. He's like, no, it's a normal house. It was well kept. It was clean. It's not like a bunch of sloppy, sloppy hoarders lived there. It was like a nice normal house in order. Yeah. So I, I don't know where the silverware, 'cause I've heard the same thing. I've not read a single report from someone who was there that says, yeah, we got in there and there's no silverware. I suspect that they took it to test it forensically to see if he was mixing bombs with it.


'cause he had a gallon of nitromethane in his, in his closet. It was openly viewable. What I, pardon me, ignorance. What's nitromethane? It it, it's A, a major component of bomb making. Huh? It's liquid has an odor. Can You, can you buy it? Yeah. At a hardware store. Yeah. To totally buy it off the shelf, Huh? Nitromethane. Yeah. So he had a gallon of it. And so the, the a TF guy walks in, sees the bomb, looks around, sees in his closet this gallon of explosive material. And then at that point they immediately clear the whole house and I believe all the houses, one house around it.


Wow. But that, but, but we still don't anything about him or why he did this. We also don't know why, according to your account, why the Secret service ma made this like colossal error in judgment and just like left out an entire quadrant of a potential field of fire. Just kind of ignored it. We don't know why. No, no. But we do know they'll Blame it on manpower. That that's, that's always the easy bureaucratic solution. But even That, is it true that Dr. Jill Biden America's, I think most famous research Scientist, would he say amazing doctor? Amazing doctor. Doctor. She should be Surgeon General.


But is it true that she was having an event and that that bled off like manpower that could have been used at the trumpet? Yes. One, it didn't just bleed off manpower. So she had an event in Pittsburgh, there was bleed off in the radios. So the Secret service at the Butler event for Trump was actually having issues with their radios because they were getting bleed over from the radios from the agents at Jill Biden's event. Dr. Jill said, Dr. Jill, excuse me. Excuse me, Dr. Jill. That's incredible. And okay, so that's a whole lot of, we don't knows, like So your third question was what happened after to everybody? Yep. Nothing.


Nothing. Yeah. Sorry to break the suspense there, but like, nothing. Okay. So what do you think this adds up to you. You said you were vacillating between two and three. Can you remind us what this option? Yeah, so two was what I call Strategic Incompetence. Where, where Trump was deliberately left vulnerable. And, and I think that for a whole host of reasons, one that I'm conscious and I've been alive, but right after the shooting my, my wife and I were together working on home projects and we got, we hadn't been paying attention to our phones and so started getting texts from people. My wife got a text from her friend, Trump's been shot.


Like, we're just kinda like stunned, like immediately pray 'cause we don't know what the result is. Couple minutes later fi you know, texts that he's okay. And then right after that my phone starts going crazy. I'm getting texts and everything. And one of the most interesting texts I got, which, which I tweeted about was that the Secret Service, special Operations Division, which is kinda like the elite division within the Secret Service, if You can say that. They had been asking for more protection for years for Trump, repeatedly, over and over and again. And it was denied, repeatedly denied so much that they just stopped asking for it.


'cause it was kind of viewed as if you ask for something you, you're not gonna get. It's like, gosh, within the agency, Agency denied by whom? Oh, another great question. We don't have an answer to. Hmm. So it's Secret Service is now under the umbrella of DHS. Yeah. It was always under treasury. Yeah, It was. And then they moved it, I dunno, five, 10 years ago. Yeah. So under my orcas, like a real, real competent public servant there Patriot. Yeah. Yeah. So you've got him. It did the rejections come from DHS? I don't know. You've got Cheadle up there who's an idiot. Did it come from her? I don't know. Where Did she go when she retired, by the way, is she Just retired? I don't think we know, actually. You know, I'm gonna assume she's doing security for like a Fortune 500 C Yeah, Exactly.


Or a University of Californias school, you know? Right. But no, we don't know where she is now. Yeah. So, but we, it's not clear why they denied or who denied. Nope. Don't know why, who, how often. And that weekend, so I put that out to get some traction. Secret Service spokesman, Anthony Guglielmi, I don't know if I'm pronouncing that right, something like that. Spent the whole weekend calling reporters and telling him I was making it up. That never happened. But outta statement's not true. He's never denied anything. Bobby Kennedy was denied secret service protection. You know, they didn't want to run against him. They'd rather he'd be dead.


Clearly. Yeah, of course. Yeah, of course. And but that's such sin is true. I mean, that's a kind of attempted murder really. So I, I don't, just don't understand how, I mean, disobedience to the regime is punished immediately. Tax evasion is punished immediately. But like attempted murder is not, well You, you're asking who's Thomas Crooks? We know more about Joe the plumber. You remember Joe the plumber? Very Well. He died, unfortunately. He did. I knew him. Yeah. He asked a question about taxes to Obama, like in a rope line. Yeah. They gave that dude like the media digital colonoscopy within like five minutes, we know more about a guy who asked Obama a question about taxes than we do about a guy who shot Trump in the head.


Well, of course The media really are a player in all this. They're not just like dupes, they're not just, you know, the PR office for, for the regime. They are like player. They're players. They're active participants in, you know, totalitarianism. I would say. Do you know how crooks his father found out? His son was the shooter? No, CNN called him. Really? Yeah. Well we're talking about kind of like weird creepy media stuff. Yeah. So there's no ID on Thomas Crooks. They get to the body. He's dead. They don't know who he is. The only thing they have is a serial number on his rifle. So they call up a TF And they do what's called an urgent trace to figure out where was this gun bought.


And I think it takes them deba. The A TF director says it took him 30 minutes. I think it took like two hours. But they know by around like eight 30, definitely by nine ish that the dad bought the gun and where he bought it from. And it was from a retailer that had since been closed. They put together a report, like a pretty narrow distribution of people. I think it went to Pennsylvania State Police. So local police could go stake the place out. Went to F-B-I-A-T-F had it, but it's a very, very small distribution. And we know, 'cause we got the testimony from the guy who sent it out a TF and a couple cops are sent to go do a stakeout on crook's father's house.


So they get there, we'll call it like 10 or 10 30 at that point, they're already seeing cars slowly drive by in ways that obviously they don't live on that street. And I think 10 56, they get a, a word from a dispatcher that Crook's father has called 9 1 1 to report his son missing. At that point, they're no longer doing a stakeout. They have to go confront him. 'cause obviously he knows something. They go up to his door, he meets them out there And he says, is it true? Was it my son? And they ask him, why would you say that? He said CNN called me and told me he got two calls from CNN and a call from an NBC producer.


How, how that does not make sense at all. How could that happen? Somebody leaked it. But how would, how would someone know who he was? They had it from the, the A TF report that had the trace of the serial number. So somebody or Yeah, the A TF reports. Somebody had that and decided, you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna call CNN and NBC. They don't know who did it, But it's interesting that they would know it was the son because it was the father on the A TF record. He's the one who purchased the rifle. Right. So, but somehow CNN and NBC knew that it was not the father but the son. Well, 'cause at that point, did we know the age of the person? I Don't think we knew anything. Yeah. So yeah, CNN called me and told me. And when I found that out, by the way, I'm still angry about the whole Roger Stone rape.


I am Just thinking that exact thing. That's so funny. Funny. CNN happened to be there that morning right before the cops got there. Liars. They are liars. They are liars. They absolutely had it leaked to them. Oh, I know. And so I saw that and it just instantly reminded me of the Roger Stone thing. And that made me angry again. I was just thinking that to be active participants in the repression of a population by its government is like pretty, it's like capo behavior. It's like really, really dark and evil. And that's, that's who they are. Yeah. That's, I spent 10 years there right now. Yep.


With Donald Trump returning to the White House. This country has a unique opportunity, maybe our last opportunity to save ourselves from the anti-American and anti-human left. But our efforts may be stymied by the deep state. That's what happened to the first Trump term permanent Washington stands in the way of all efforts to approve the lives of ordinary Americans. And right now they are scheming to do the same thing to the second Trump administration. They are determined to keep their stranglehold on power regardless of elections. Anti democratically. That is a fact. So what do you do to fight them? How do you defeat the deep state? Well, one way You can is by supporting the Heritage Foundation, which is in Washington, and understands exactly how it works in such a way that they're a threat and they're under attack. You know, who's effective? 'cause other one's under attack. Heritage has a comprehensive plan to dismantle permanent Washington and restore the country to its democratic foundations. It's important Visit heritage.org/ Tucker to learn more and to support this critical effort. And when you make a gift today, you get a free pocket constitution to make certain that you are equipped with the founding principles on your person at all times. It's amazing to read it again, that's heritage.org/ Tucker.


I didn't fully know when I was there, but like Yeah, no, they're, they're not observers at all. They're players. They're players. They're, and they're big players. That's why they hate the internet so much. But you know, that leak, it materially changed how the police responded. They, you know, they found bombs. They're, they're trying to get a perimeter, they're trying to keep an eye on things. They're waiting to get the signal to actually go confront the family. And because this guy got, I'm convinced that he called police after being called by CNN. Yeah. It's not in the report. Like, you'll never convince me otherwise materially changed how the cops had to approach the home of the shooter.


To me it's just unconscionable. Yeah. That's not surprising. And then let, let's imagine you're cnn. You think you got this great scoop. What are you getting out of informing a father of that? 'cause they didn't report it, Right? Well, they do a lot that they don't report. Yeah. A lot. Including in the Roger Stone raid. I mean, there were participants in political repression, cheerleaders for it, but not just cheerleaders. They were like part of the process. Yep. They were used by the Biden administration to, well that was actually the Trump, I think that was the Trump FBI still, although it's, it's all the same. Right. It's just crazy that, that could have, that that could have happened. The lack of control over the federal agencies by the executive, by the White House is like, I hope we never see that again, because that's really dark.


But anyway. Yeah, no, CNN very, very bad. Is there, I know I've asked the same question 15 times, but I just, I can't believe there's no real answer. We don't know anything about who Crooks talked to. No. Before this, nothing. Nope. Don't know who he was texting. Don't know what was going on on these encrypted apps. We know he went to the range that day. But Why not, why doesn't the Congress issue subpoenas to find out? Because because they're completely weak and neutered. I mean, the, my view is Congress is by far the most powerful branch. Of course. It controls the purse It's designed to be. Exactly. And yet in in practice today in 2025, it's far and away the weakest, Except when they do the one thing that they do do, which is to preserve the total control over the United States by the national security state.


And so you're seeing this right now where, you know, committee chairman in the Congress are saying to the incoming administration, no, no, no. It has to be all deep staters. Like you can't have Tulsi Gabbard or anyone like Tulsi Gabbard. It's all gotta be, you know, John Ratcliffe or someone you know, we know and who's obviously under our control. And they're insistent on that exercising that power, which I find really interesting. Yeah. And How long, you know, I, I was so naive, like I believed that there were weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. 'cause they told us there were like, why would they lie? So I, it didn't dawn on me that they were all just corrupt liars until really the Russiagate hoax. But it, it didn't start in 2001.


Like, I, I feel like it's been that way for like 70 years. Well, it's certainly been that way. I mean, like, we know for a fact it's been that way since right around late November of 1963. Like, we didn't just know that. So, but I, I agree. I mean, I just think it goes back to, you know, the second world war. Like Yeah. 'cause they didn't, their, their first crime was the Good war. Their first crime was not killing Kennedy. Like, that wasn't like dipping their toes in the water. No, No, no. It wasn't. They had some practice rounds. It's just interesting that this seems like one of the reasons I wanted to talk to you, and I do think you're probably the most informed person in all media though.


I don't know if you'd admit to being in media, but do you think of yourself as a media? Well, I, I don't like to use the J word. I know It's filthy. I know it's funny. You and Shellenberger to my two of my favorite we're at the top of my favorite journalist list. And neither one of you like started out to do, intending to do this or have like a, you know, went to journalism school. You're both doing completely different things. It's interesting. That's actually how it should be. I I totally agree. That's how, that's actually how it used to be. I know used to be a blue collar job, you know, and you work a beat and now you have to go to Madill or Columbia and it's just embarrassing. No, It's interesting though. Journalists I respect more are all people who could be doing something else, making a lot more money who didn't set out to do this.


Just sort of out of curiosity and patriotism and, you know, kind of like moral responsibility for doing it. So, and you're in that category, so Thank you. But anyway, the, the reason I wanna talk to you was it felt like if You can do something as obvious as set up a shooting of Donald Trump in the summer of an election year and get away with it, like, then you're still in control of everything. So the the craziest thing, and and people in in Trump's circle have told me there's, there's no chance it could have happened this way. Right. They swear there's no way it happened this way. Do You remember jds Rogan interview?


Yes. He's kind of talking about when he was, his process of interviewing to be VP and all that and Trump was considering bringing him up at that Butler rally and announcing him. I know, yeah. I know that that was not just considering, but that was, that was like a much discussed. Oh yeah. So, so kind of at that point, J D's been told like, you're it, and now we know with Trump, like it's never actually done until it's done. So it wasn't technically done. It was done Monday afternoon though. That was Saturday. Yeah. Yes. But J D's been told they're, they're mulling the idea of him going to Butler and then Trump's like, nah, we don't really wanna do that. We haven't done the prep and all that. So we'll just put a, you know, put a pin in that.


That was the last rally before he had announced a vp. So that's, if you are a crooked evil, deep stater and you wanna get rid of the virus that is Donald Trump and make sure that he doesn't get to pick the person who'd be running in his stead, if something happening, make sure He doesn't get to reproduce. That's, That's, that's when you would do it. And so I've asked, I said, did anyone leak that? He said, no, impossible. No one leaked it. And I said, okay, I a hundred percent believe, like kinda just knowing who's around that a hundred percent believe that you're telling me it's impossible that nobody heard the conversation through other means, Leaks.


The fact that JD was gonna speak at that rally or, Or leaked that like he had basically been picked. Oh no, that was known. Well I knew that. Okay. I didn't know that. Yeah, I did. We're in different circles, Tucker. No, not really. I mean, I'm like living in some weird world place, but in Maine. But no, I knew that Absolutely. And a lot of people knew that. I mean, all the people I know who knew that are good people who love Trump. But I mean, I, I'm not suggesting I'm not suggesting anything, but I'm just in point of fact a lot of people knew. Yeah. So if other people knew it, I, that that is a, you Know, the more people who know, you know, the more people who know. Yeah. So I just, that that thing, I don't know if I'll ever be able to get that outta my head, the timing based on what was going on that weekend.


But There was at least one subsequent attempt, assassination attempt on Donald Trump's life. Were there others? So you're talking about the West Palm one? Yeah. But the, I mean after, after mid-July, were there, do you think other attempts? I don't know. Were there, You know, I don't know. But I, you know, I think, I think there might have been, You didn't hear about him. I think that's entirely possible. I would totally, I would, I would buy that. Yeah. So who was the west palm? The West Palm guy was like, that One is so much wackier than the Butler one in Texas. Valley's members of Congress. Yeah. Well he, I think there was a photo of him with that stupid chef, that stupid comedy chef.


What's his name? I don't have a tv. Oh, Jose Andres something. They've got, I think that guy got a presidential medal of freedom from Biden. A picture of him with him. He's like pounding around. Not really. Yeah, I think unless I'm like totally getting my wires crossed. I'm pretty sure that guy got a medal of freedom. And there's a picture of him with Ralph, this like homeless Hawaiian mercenary bringing troops to Ukraine who's camped out on Trump's golf course after Trump's already been shot in the head. And a secret service guy happens to see him. I think the report I read was he was five feet away, fires like 10 rounds at him misses.


And it was local cops who got the guy 45 minutes later. How does that happen? That's just, it's all so incredible. Yeah. So do the members, I just wanna put it on the record, the members of Congress, you said that the two committee inquiries were pretty good. I given the constraints that they have. So Congress doesn't have a lot of staff for doing this stuff, right? They had no time. They don't have the investigative tools that the FBI has. You had the Senate Homeland Security Committee that did its own report and then you had the Butler task force bipartisan in the house, the digs report. I thought they did a great job, both of them, given the limitations and constraints they have.


It was, I don't know how they could have been more thorough given the FBI trying to block them from doing anything. Is this the end of the inquiry? It better not be, I mean, Trump's coming in, in a couple days, he's gonna be president. It's hopefully gonna get his people in office. Better not be the end of the inquiry. I kind of feel like there's so much going on in the world right now that, you know, maybe people just kind of forget to ask. I mean, I know enough about human nature to where I can't dismiss that.


But yeah, there's always some new story we have to go like react to and pretend we're like very upset about. And that it's like every day. Remember when news cycles were like three days long? I remember very well. I like three minutes. I remember when Natalie Holloway disappeared in Aruba. Yeah. And I worked in cable news then and we spent, you know, approximately three years talking about it every day. You know, no disrespect to Natalie Holloway or the inherent significance of story about a dead American. It's important. But yeah, no, that was, and you sort of wonder what else, what was, what else was going on while we were talking about Natalie Holloway? Yeah. Yeah. I've gone back and thought of all the time I wasted with Gary Kdi. Oh Man. You know, how much time did we spend looking into what happened in nine 11, right around zero, just repeating all the dumb talking points.


They hate us for freedoms and all this stuff. And not asking obvious questions why some people were celebrating it. Well who were those people? And like, what is this Actually, I think one of the hijackers was living with an FBI informant for like a year. I think that's correct. Yeah. And that's also the stakes were made. It's All still classified, so you can't know. Yeah. Interesting. So the, the obvious question is why aren't other elected officials so anxious to get to the bottom of this? Because it has implications for them. When this happened, my wife said, you know, we, are we ever gonna find out what this was? And I said, with false confidence. Absolutely. One thing members of Congress care about is not being assassinated. So like they have every vested interest in finding out what this was and in making the right reform so they can stay safe themselves.


I turn out to be completely wrong. Like, what is that? Yeah, It's, I, I don't know what's happened to Congress. I think it's probably a combination of, obviously the more responsibility you take, if you're gonna take 100% of the powers you've been given by the founders and the constitution and exercise that every day you're gonna have a hundred percent of the accountability. So there's nothing, a member of Congress, a politician hates more than accountability. Yes. So they are generally happy to delegate all of their authority to the executive where they can just blame stuff on bureaucrats. Oh, it was, it was a bad process. It was a bad bureaucrat. People in Washington love blaming process.


Have you noticed that? I have noticed. It's always the process. There's never a person at fault for anything. It's always a process that can be strengthened. It the, you worked in the Senate, you worked for Tom Coburn of Oklahoma, God rest his soul. So you've, You can answer this question, but as I just look onto the Congress where I've never worked, but it seems like the single most corrupt, or certainly the most infuriating part of the Congress is the Republicans in the Senate. Oh my gosh. We fought with them more than Democrats. Okay. So You constantly Agree with that? Oh, you have no idea. Okay. So I'm thinking like, who do I dislike most Mitch McConnell. Yes. It's not Alexandria OC or whatever she's calling herself.


You know, it was like a buffoon, but, and at least has, you know, 10% sincerity in my read. But I look at some of the Republicans, you know, rich and some of these guys, I'm like, oh my gosh, they're, this is really sinister. They're, yeah. And, and man Coburn was, that guy was a unicorn. Like there will only ever be one of him. He didn't care when anyone thought about him. He hated everyone in Washington. He hated Washington itself. All he wanted to do was like go up there and cut spending and restore some sanity and then go deliver babies on the weekend. Yes. And then the Senate was like, actually we're gonna ban you from doing that. 'cause it's, it's a conflict of interest. Delivering Babies, delivering babies.


He's like, okay, I'll do it. I'll do it for free. I'll pay med mal outta my own pocket. And I said, no, no, you can't do that. We're gonna ban you. The, the Senate ethics committee went after him four years For delivering babies. For delivering babies. And he, it's too, it's too life affirming for Yeah. The Senate. Exactly. Sorry. He's killing babies. If he was an abortionist that you know, that well That would've fine. Yeah. Yeah. But you know, being actually touching and being with constituents, that was too much. But I remember doing stuff with him where we would have constantly people telling us, we don't do things like that around here. Really? Yeah. All the time. And we'd be like, what? What do you mean you don't do, you don't do things like no, that's, that's not how we do things around here.


And 'cause we were all so young in green and I idealistic, it was actually the genius in how he put together staff. It wasn't like an all-star cast of like elite players. He just took a bunch of chuckleheads who like believed in his mission And he was like, yeah, go, go do damage out there. Oh that's, and so we did it. And so we were too stupid to know what we weren't supposed to be doing. Why isn't every, I mean, there seems to be something peculiarly specifically wrong with the re the dynamic among Republicans in the Senate. I don't know what that is. Like they seem more committed to betraying their voters than any other group I've ever seen in politics. Yeah. It's super weird.


The their, for most of them it's like their Senate tenure is five years of doing what they want and then a year of promising to do what their voters want. Yes. It it's like a sickness. I I genuinely don't understand it. I don't know if something happens when you become a Republican senator that happens like 90% of them where they get there And they just like being important and that becomes the thing they care about. And they're So do you talked about the media being a player, the media like exists in large part to gaslight Republicans into doing what they want To control them. Yes. Yeah. And so these guys, they for whatever reason, they care what CNN thinks about 'em And they care what the New York Times thinks about 'em. And they don't understand that if you actually wanna be powerful as a Republican, not caring what anyone thinks about you makes you a fricking superhero.


I agree with that. Makes you untouchable. They don't like the machine doesn't know how to handle someone who doesn't care about their next job or the next puff piece. Yes. You're basically an alien to them. They don't know how to intimidate you or how to threaten you. Like, oh, you'll cast me out of this awful city full of terrible people. Oh no, what do I do? Yeah. I mean, do you see it changing at all? A little bit. It it, it changes with the class. So I've, I've got a friend who's, who's like one of the few really good, true believers on the right, worked in the Senate for a long time. Total genius, parliamentary genius. And he says You can kind of judge senators unlike house members, You can judge senators by the class that they were elected into.


And that kind of tells you about the character of that whole group of people. So you got the guys who came in in 2002 war on Terror, gotta fight them over there so we don't have to fight 'em over here. They're the worst. NeoCon The worst. And, and that kind of bleeds into oh four. And then you get the oh six thing where I, I don't think we even elected a new Republican senator 'cause it was such a political bloodbath. 'cause the Iraq war is a disaster. Then oh eight you've got the Obama years and then the first kind of big year was 2010. That was all Tea party. Yeah. Those guys still have the Tea party mentality, which is fine. I think the tea party was great. Yeah. But you have to be able to like evolve with the electorate.


They're still stuck in like tea party town. And then 2014 was like the repeal Obamacare. That was the thing. And it really wasn't until 2016 where you actually started seeing a change that was reflective of where the people are happening again in 2018. And then most of the guys coming in now are so much better than the people they serve with who got elected 20 years ago that it's not even close. Yes. And yet they're still senators And they still care about what people think about them. Like somewhat someone like you or me will never ever be in that body. Well, no. And I would, you know, I'd rather die.


But what's interesting is that it's not on questions like, you know, we spent all this time on the trainee question, which I think is inherently important. And I do think if you eliminate sex differences, civilization collapses. 'cause they're built on sex differences. Yeah. That's my view. So I'm completely aligned. I I couldn't be more pro-life. And I, there are tons of Republicans in both houses who agree with all that, or say they do or do a good job of pretending it's fine. It's the national security intel stuff, the police power stuff, surveillance power stuff. Man. They are n they, that's what they take seriously. That's what they actually care about. Have you noticed this? Yeah. Yeah. And it, it's actually you see guys who really wanna get on the Intel committee.


Yes. Like, unless you're gonna do real oversight, which I think one person Devin Nunes has ever done on that committee. The only reason to be on that is to like be cool. You get to be with the, the spies and you get read in on it And they make you feel special and you get to go on Dels and then maybe one day they'll write a book about you like Charlie Wilson's war about how courageous you were and shipping a bunch of weapons all around the world and starting wars that we're still dealing with the ramifications of like it's the Jason Bourne, like John Leray kind of stuff that they actually think they're a part of.


Millions of Americans are still clinging to their New Year's resolutions. But some goals transcend the flipping of the calendar. Being prepared should always be a goal. When a crisis hits, the last thing you want is be scrambling for something basic like medication. And that's why the Jce case changes the game. The Jce case is your personal emergency supply of life-saving medications, antibiotics, critical prescriptions, things you're actually going to need when pharmacies are not available. The JCE cases protection is totally necessary. So as you're planning for the rest of this year, make emergency preparedness a top priority. We don't know what's coming next. We do know preparation beats panic every single time. So with the Jce case, you'll have peace of mind knowing that you are ready for whatever happens. Go to jce case.com, enter the code Tucker to make sure you have the right meds on hand when you need them. Which is usually the moment when you can't get them Jce.


I I really think they're evil. I mean that Yeah. I mean way more evil than like, you know, I'm, I I think Head Start was a disaster. Social security is bankrupt in the country. Medicare, you know, there's all these problems with social workers, but you don't look at that and say the people who started that are evil. They're just like dumb. Or they didn't foresee the consequences of the, of what they were doing. But like the people who, you know, cheered the murder of Kadafi or never admitted they lied about weapons, mass destruction or the people pushing, you know, claiming that we should lower the conscription age in Ukraine to 18. 'cause we haven't killed enough Ukrainians after a million have died or been wounded. I just think that's evil. It It is evil.


It's people who, it's almost like they get off on the rah rah team sport aspect of people getting blown to bits. Yes. And having their lives, you know, if not ended ruined forever. And, and I swear I don't see how any of these people, they must not have ever talked to anyone who spent any time actually doing dirty work in Iraq or Afghanistan. 'cause you can't spend any time destroys Those guys. It, it, it, it destroyed a, a whole generation of war fighters and young men. I mean, and it's in evil Ways and not just because they were killed or disabled. We're only looking at a small part of this. I've known some of them. Well, it's killing people is bad for you.


And you know, sometimes you have to kill people. I mean, you do. If there's, if I have a home invader and my wife and kids are, I kill a guy, I would sleep soundly after killing 'em. I mean, you have to, but ultimately killing people is bad and is bad for the person who kills. And we don't even acknowledge that. And I just know a lot of 'em. So I've seen it and it's Would you want that on you? No. Well, I mean it's why, it's why I never joined. Like, I just, I couldn't It not because you're afraid of killed. I couldn't killed. It's because you're afraid of killing and you should be like, it's a very heavy thing to ask someone to do and then not to acknowledge it. Just be like, oh yeah, good job. When you see the scars they bring back too, it's unbelievable too the minimal emotional spiritual. Yes. And you know, a some of them deal with it way better than others of course.


But there's of course the reason the suicide rate's so high and The divorce rate and the addiction rate. Yep. And, and the weirdness rate and the, the deep kind of heavy trouble that you feel on a lot of them, I don't, my gosh I don't blame them. A lot of 'em are wonderful, admirable people. And they were asked to do something And they did it And they did it under duress and at great personal risk. And like, I admire them. I'm not criticizing them, I'm just saying not to acknowledge what we've asked them to do. Not to acknowledge the burden of having killed somebody. It's like how shallow and cruel are we? Well, in, in the, the news media, the corporate media, they, they treat it like it's a fun sport. It's look, people red team, what, let's look what red team versus Blue team did today.


Let's look at this footage of like this Russian getting killed by a drone. It's, and then it's here And they Oh, isn't this great? Isn't this awesome pornography porn? Yeah, it is. These are human beings. Yeah. And it Didn't want to be there didn't, it's like some kid gets his face blown off and you're cheering it, It's gross. It's disgusting. And it, it's weird. I, I look back on kind of how I thought about things in the runup to the Iraq war and I'm just kind of ashamed about it. Oh, me too. Because I was like the jingoistic rah rah Oh yeah. Kind of thing. And you find out it was all based on a lie. And you see the, it it's just that permanently changed how I looked at that entire bureaucracy. I completely agree. And I, and in 2001 and two when I was tepidly cheerleading, I will say that's my only defense was kind of tepid.


I sort of knew it was wrong, but I convinced myself it wasn't. But I, when I was, you know, making the case for the Iraq war and repeating the lies of the Bush administration, I'd never really seen violence, you know, personally seen it. And that was, you know, a huge change for me seeing that. I was like, I'm not, I'm not into this at all. I don't know why, why is this good? I don't think it's good. I don't, it doesn't feel good. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's just, I don't want, I don't want that anymore of that. I don't wanna see that. I don't wanna be around it at all. I don't, it's not a turn on at all. It's like horrible. And so that was personally for me, a huge change. But I just think that it's important to remember, especially as Christians, like we're against violence. I don't know. We are, sorry, we're against violence.


We should not ever cheer someone's death. Right. Yeah. I mean, we're the only things made in God's image. That's how I feel in all of creation. So, so we're infinitely valuable. I feel That way. So we, we shouldn't Yeah. Be cheer and and it's like you said, somebody breaks into your home, they're trying to do harm to your family. Yeah. You're gonna do what you, you gotta do, but just, hey, let's Go. But I don't wanna do it. Yeah, no. Nobody should wanna do it. No. Like you, I I remember I was taking a, a gun training from an uncle of mine who's like a legendary firearms instructor. He, he was worked with Jeff Cooper out in, at gun site. Wow. Really? Yeah. He's, he's awesome. And I remember him, my, my sister and my aunt and uncle and I went with this other uncle and his wife to do this training And he made us sit in a classroom for like a whole day.


And he drilled into us what's the number one rule of gunfights, be somewhere else. And then what's the second rule of gunfights have a gun? But he's like, yeah, if you're, if you're paying attention, like if you're aware and you know what's going on around you, you, you should be, you should have the ability and the awareness to never be in a position to ever have to do it. I agree. Bar, bar some sort of awful twist of fate. I, I wonder, you know, that calls for gun control, which are, you know, obviously cyclical. Like every time there's some tragedy, some mass shooting, some of which do seem like they're inspired by the FBI, but I can't prove it.


But anyway, just, there's always like three or four days of the media getting hysterical about gun control, taking your guns away. Those seem more half-hearted than they used to be. Maybe I'm being paranoid and I'm wondering if maybe technology, the convergence of AI and drone technology isn't advancing to the point where the people in charge know it doesn't matter whether, whether you have a gun anymore. And I hadn't thought about that, but I had noticed like the fever pitch of hysteria after a shooting over the last almost like year, six months to a year. They kind of feel like they're just going through the motions with it in the media. I Kind of agree. It's just a fundraising deal. Yeah. For like the dumb, you know, David Hog or whatever. Yeah. You know, these buffoons media creations, you know, who become famous on, on, you know, on a pile of dead bodies.


It's like so grotesque. But I've, that doesn't seem real to me. And I just wonder, are we at a point where like your ar is not actually a guarantee of freedom at all because like, technology is going to give the state so much power that like, it doesn't Matter. The drone stuff I find terrifying. Terrifying. Why? Especially the mass drones. 'cause you can't stop 'em. Yeah. I talked to one a couple months ago, I was talking to a seal, a former seal about it, who thinks about this stuff a lot. And I said, so like, how do you stop the drones? And he said, get a shotgun. And I said, really?


Yeah, just shoot it. Okay, well what if there's like a thousand of them? Like I don't, Chuck and I have doesn't hold a thousand rounds. No. I I shoot the side by side. Yeah. Two, Two shells. Yeah. Yeah. Like there you got, you have to have a technological solution to it. I don't, I don't know how I as like Joe Blow or you just out minding our business. You're not defeating like a weaponized drone storm at all. And I feel like Democrats, especially the ones who are all about gun control, know this. 'cause they'll say things like, oh, you think your AR is gonna help you? We have nukes and and cruise missiles. Your AR is not gonna stop that. I think there may be something to that. Yeah. But it's just my instinct.


I don't know. I mean, but I'm, I'm, but it is Weird. It is weird. And I'm, and I think if you wanna understand what's actually going on, like watch the rhetoric. Of course. Never take it at face value. It's a lie by definition. The slogans are a lie, but they do change And they change for a reason. And, and so I'm just concerned about that. And I, as someone who's always like, you know, had guns and ammo at home. Yeah. So there's an old quote from, I think it was JP Morgan that I've used. It's kinda like my political motivation finding North Star. And it's that every man has two reasons for doing things. A good reason and the real reason. Yeah.


So like on gun control, the good reason that they always give and, and I think in a probably a large percentage of people who espouse it, they, they do intend, well, well these hurt people. Right. And I don't wanna hurt people. I get it. And they, they don't think beyond like the second, third order consequences. But like, it's, it's a genuine heartfelt, this thing does awful things to people and I don't want that. So we should get rid of it. I I understand where that's coming from. I don't agree with it. But then what's the, that's the good reason. So what's the real reason? I think a lot of people putting that stuff out just don't want us to be free. Well they, you know, they, they don't believe in human autonomy. Yeah. Obviously. Right. So they, they don't see other humans as human.


They see them as slaves. You know, I think it's pretty obvious that they see them as objects, you know, who are, have no inherent rights, no inherent dignity, whose lives aren't really worth anything. That's why they love abortion. And they, you know, if you really saw people as creations of God who exist independently from you and your desires, then like there's a degree to which You can control people. But then beyond that you can't, you can't, even your own children, You can't really cont can you? No. Right. You can't. No. They come fully formed and You can like work 5% of the margin. That's exactly right. Yeah. That's exactly right. And I think good parenting is in part recognizing that, you know, 'cause you don't own them actually. Yeah. You are more responsible for them. They are your children.


They're, you know, from your body, but they're not, you know, they're human beings. And I just think those are like foundational views that a lot of people in power just don't have. No, we're viewed as cogs. Yes. Especially, Especially the new kind of like managerial leftism. Yes. They look at it And they say, okay, we've got this fixed population of people and I can move this lever and I can move this lever and I'll twist this thing and then I can get those people to do what I want. We're really just inputs things that can be tweaked according to them. We're not people who have souls. Right, Exactly. We're not eternal beings who have infinite value. Yes. We're just things to be manipulated so they can get what they want. It's, it's gross. So La last question.


It does feel like this is, I think a lot of people felt this, whether they said it out loud or not, but this election was, you know, kinda the last chance to, to turn away from what was a certain future of enslavement. That's not an overstatement who wins. Like in five years, what, what's your best guess for where we are? I'm not an optimist. Yeah. And it has nothing to do with politics. Yes. So I, I agree with you. I I think this election was kind of a last chance. Yeah. But it wasn't a guarantee. Yes. And, and my worry is that our politicians are a function of the people.


John Adams, I, it was either John Adams or Franklin said, our our system of government is wholly suited to an immoral people. We were a nation found on Christian principles by Christian men who put Christ and God as the foremost things in their lives. And everything else was built around it. Our government was built around it. The way we organized the states was built around it. And it worked for a really long time until that foundation started to crumble. And I don't know when that started. Was it the industrial revolution? Was it Vietnam and the drug era? I, I don't know. But our moral fabric is a people is totally unrecognizable to someone who helps start the country.


And so my view is absent a true collective Christian revival where we collectively repent for what we've done is a nation. Because God cares about nations, he cares about the fate of nations. He cares what nations do. He blesses them And he curses them And he judges them And he lets them prosper. Our nation had a covenant with God very, it was obvious why we were formed because we want to have a place where people can Come one nation under God. I mean, they said it, it wasn't, they weren't hiding it. Do you think that is like the moral nucleus of our society today? 'cause I don't, and so I don't see absent a true foundational change in us as a people collectively.


I don't see how we ever turn the ship around. And so I, I pray, obviously, I pray for The President. I pray for mayors and our leaders even when I don't like them. 'cause that's what we're commanded to do. And because God has put them in place either for our judgment or our blessing, our fate is not gonna be sealed by the politicians we pick. It's just not. No. And so that, that's my worry going forward. Do you Feel like, I mean, I I I do see around me just in my tiny little weird world, but people who I don't think have ever thought about God talking about God, I read that Bible sales are the highest they've been in a long time.


I, I feel something changing, Something has changed. It, it feels like on election night scales came off people's eyes. It was almost, it was, it was a weird thing. Suddenly people are just saying things that they, they weren't supposed to say. You've got NFL players. You, you had like John Jones, UFC doing the Trump dance after finishing a dude sun. Like words that people use and sentiments they espouse were completely verboten. And that, that seems to have changed. I completely agree. There's appears to be a spiritual aspect in hunger in people now that, that I find really, really heartening.


But that it's like seeing the seedling sprout. Like I, I wanna see like the giant hardwood of course. And but of course it has to start with a seedling. Of course it does. But do You, do you see it in your world? Absolutely. Without a doubt. Huh. So I mean that's something worth celebrating. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Yep. I appreciate you taking all this time. Well, Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson dot com.