(0s):
You tried the other day to raise science-based questions about nine 11, and you asked, building seven was never hit by a plane. Why did it fall down in exactly the same way the first two towers did? 156 witnesses, you know, first responders saying they heard explosions before the buildings came down. There was never a steel building that ever collapsed because of a fire, The vaccine injured. So these would be American citizens who obeyed their government and took a shot that they were required to take, and then were injured by or killed by that shot To date worldwide, there's over 38,000 deaths associated with COVID vaccine. 24% of those to date either occur on the date of vaccination or within one or two days.

(40s):
We're Right now burning about a half a trillion dollars a quarter just to get us by into next year. That should shock everybody. And that's, that's my whole purpose here. We haven't talked about the numbers, we haven't put this in context of, of the big mess. We're in the deep hole. We've dug ourselves and I'm, I'm just gonna force that debate. So you, you told me something that made me laugh at breakfast in a dark way, which is that none of, or very few of the people you work with, your colleagues, whose job it is to appropriate money to run the US government, have any idea how much they're appropriating.

(1m 37s):
They don't know what the numbers are. Can you walk us through a description of the ignorance of Congress when it comes to numbers? So you want me throw my colleagues under the bus? No, it was just Like, I was amazed by what you told me Of the dollars they appropriate. They know that. Yes, but that's only 25% of the budget. The story I told you at breakfast is a couple years ago, this was after the COVID spending spree, but we continued on that spending spree. We, we were in the midst of an omnibus spending debate, and this is where McConnell was doing a deal with Schumer on a massive omnibus spending bill. And we were gonna violate for the first time our conference's position on earmarks.

(2m 21s):
You know, our conference position is we do not accept earmarks. All of a sudden the Republican senators gonna be accepting earmarks. So I got got up in front of the group. I'm, I'm generally the, the skunk in the room or you know, the, the, the kid who says the emperor has no clothes. And I just asked my colleagues, Hey, anybody know how much we spent last year in total dead silence? I, I went out to the Washington Press Court By what you meant, what we spent last year in Total, the federal government, what the federal government spent in total, no, just The bottom line Number. If, if anybody knew they didn't volunteer it. I went out to the Washington Press Corps, asked them the same question, and one of the reporters said it was over a trillion dollars. Now that's just discretionary spending. That's about 25% of the budget.

(3m 1s):
I mean, total spending. The, the answer is I think $6.3 trillion. Understand the federal government is the largest financial entity in the world. We, in theory, are the 535 members of the board of directors. And nobody really knows in total how much the federal government spent, because we never talk about it. And as that relates to the current, Oh, weird thing not to talk about since that's your job Again. That, that, but that's how it's been set up. Discretionary, which we appropriate and then mandatory that just gets spent. It's on automatic pilot. So it's outta sight, it's outta mind and it's completely out of control.

(3m 42s):
So, may I ask how that works? So I thought the Constitution gave the Congress the responsibility, the duty to appropriate the money. So Congress has written laws like the social security law. Yeah. Then Medicare and Medicaid. And they've turned, they call those entitlements. So it doesn't make, they, they, they're not annually appropriated. It's just you set up a law saying if you qualify, you get X number of dollars. So it's on automatic pilot. And there's no cap on that spending. No, None. You qualify, you get it. So whatever it takes. What what what has happened over the years is, in addition to social security and Medicare and Medicaid, they've slid what should be, in my mind, discretionary spending into mandatory.

(4m 26s):
And so I'm, I'm the guy that pointed out the conference again. Do you guys realize in 2019 other mandatory, again, not social security, not Medicare, not Medicaid, other mandatory pretty well runs the gamut of other appropriation accounts. That was $642 billion last year, fiscal year 2024, there was 1.3 trillion. This year, it's a little over a trillion. And that's pretty much as far as the, I can see according to CBOA trillion dollars. So again, total discretionary spending's about 1.7, but they've literally slid about a trillion dollars now ongoing of other mandatory into, or what should be discretionary into what they call now other mandatory a trillion dollars.

(5m 11s):
And I don't think anybody was really aware of that either. So what's Right now for 2025, or let's say 2024, what did the federal government spend total? So let me, so in 2019, total federal government spending was 4.4 trillion. Yes. This year we'll spend over 7 trillion. So be better. I remember somewhere around during the O Obama administration about when I got elected, 2010, 2011, we had our first trillion dollar a year deficit in 2009. You know, I think it was 1.4 trillion. And we stopped talking about hundreds of billions, which used to move the needle to now trillions, you know, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7.

(5m 53s):
It just doesn't seem that that much, $4,400 billion spent in 2019, 7,000 billion dollars spent this year projected to spend 7,300 billion next year. And now let's kind of bring this back to the debate that we're talking about on the one Big Beautiful Bill. Wait, may I ask just one more bottom line number. Okay. So we're gonna spend over 7 trillion this year. How much do we take in in tax receipts every year? About 5.1. So we, we've got a structural deficit of around 6% Right now, CBOs projecting over the next 10 years, 6%. So federal revenue will be according to CBO 18.1, even though it's about 17.1. But they're proj, they're projecting that we're gonna increase, have an automatic tax increase next year.

(6m 35s):
So they bump that to 18.1 and federal spending is gonna be about 23.4, 23.5%. So that deficit spending, where does that money come from? Oh, we, we borrow it. Okay. Or we print it. Okay. By the way, put this in even better historical context. In 1930, less than a hundred years ago, the federal government spent 3.1% of our GDP state and local governments back then spent 9.1%. So that, that was pretty much the vision of our founding fathers. A limited federal government, you know, within the constraints of the enumerated powers. And most governing at the point point of the states, you know, state and local government where it's more accountable, more efficient, more effective.

(7m 19s):
You know, we've blown that up. Now, the federal government's spending close to 24% state and local governments are over 16%. So now total government spending's about 40%. It's, it's three times what it was back less than a hundred years ago. And I, And I would argue as government grows, our freedoms necessarily recede, of course. 'cause gov government has more claim on your income, or they borrow money, which causes inflation, which is a silent tax. Do You we have any sense of what percentage of the American population, three 50 million or whatever it is in that range, our net receivers get more from government than they pay in. My guess it's more than 50%. And of course, that's the, that's the death nail of a democracy is when the, the population, the voting public realizes they can vote themselves benefits at the expense of somebody else.

(8m 11s):
What? And what they don't realize. So you think the the expenses, it's, it's cost them awe because the massive deficits is spending, 'cause we're, we're not taking enough revenue to cover the, the expenditures. That's what has eroded the, the value of our dollar. That's what caused 40 year high inflation. And that hurts everybody. So you think that most, at this point, your guess is most Americans receive more from the federal government? I, I would From government at all levels. And I shouldn't even say, 'cause I haven't checked that figure. Yep. My, my guess is probably more than 50%. I mean, when you consider all the entitlements, whether it's social securities, Medicare, Medicaid, and people say, oh, that's my money. Well, in some cases it is. Most people probably get more outta social security than they actually did put, put, put in.

(8m 54s):
Certainly do that out of Medicare, certainly outta Medicaid. Nobody puts any money into that. That all comes with the general funds. So we have, we have food stamps, we have all these, you know, trillions of dollars worth of transfer payments. Why is this not sustainable? You often hear it's not sustainable. What, how, what happens if it continues? Well, again, we're, when I ran 2010, we'd just experienced our first deficits in excess of a trillion dollars. We were spending about $3.5 trillion a year. 3.5, by The way. So it's more than double. Just in the, since 2010. Yeah. Yes. We were $14 trillion in debt.

(9m 36s):
You know, I remember I announced in April of 2010, started my campaign in basically June of 2010 doing parades. And, and what I would shout is, this is a fight for freedom. We're mortgaging our children's future. It's wrong, it's immoral. It has to stop that, that was my campaign theme. Again, we are $14 trillion in debt spending $3.5 trillion. Now we're almost $37 trillion in debt. We're spending 7,000 billion dollars, $7 trillion and CBO projects over the next 10 years. We will add another $22 trillion to the debt. That, that's what our projected deficits over the next 10 years is $22 trillion.

(10m 19s):
And again, that's assuming about a $4 trillion increase because of taxes are scheduled to automatically increase if those taxes don't increase. First of all, I'm not sure you get the full $4 trillion. But again, take, take $4 trillion away. If, if we extend current tax law, which is, which is, I'm, I'm in favor of that. I, I don't wanna increase anybody's taxes, but I don't think this is necessarily time to do additional tax cuts, you know, particularly when those things aren't focused toward economic growth. But anyway, just real. So we are projecting deficits for the next 10 years of a minimum of $2.2 trillion. And I would argue that is a rosy scenario. And particularly when you take a look at what they've done with the one Big Beautiful Bill, they're not seriously reducing spending to, what I've been calling for is a pre pandemic level.

(11m 10s):
Again, if the dangers spouting out too many, too many numbers here, I I just wanna put this in perspective. President Obama, over the course of his eight years, his average deficit was $910 billion. Over the last, And I wanna quick do this, I'm accurate. Over the last four years of his administration is about $550 billion. Okay? So half a trillion dollar deficit over his last four years, president Trump came, came into office and his first three years, the average deficit was about $800 billion. So he bumped up Obama's four year average from five 50 to 800, then COVID hit.

(11m 51s):
And we had a deficit of $3.1 trillion just that one year. Now, what we should have done in 2021 when Biden came into office, is we should have returned to a reasonable pre pandemic level. The, the pandemic was over. We, we didn't have to keep, you know, we, we had unemployment spike up to I think 25 million people, normal unemployment, somewhere between five and six, within a few months. It was around 11, and then returned to pretty much normal early in 2021. We didn't have to keep stimulating the economy, but Biden did. Biden averaged $1.9 trillion per year in deficit. So Obama, when he left his last four years, five 50 Trump before the pandemic, a little more than 800 billion per year, Biden in his four years went up to 1.9 trillion.

(12m 36s):
And now C-B-C-B-O is projecting, and again, a rosy scenario that we'll be averaging $2.2 trillion over the next 10 years. So we'll take our debt from $37 trillion up to 59 trillion. And if we extend the current tax law, take away $4 trillion in revenue, roughly that add another $4 trillion. The, the spending cuts, they're talking about their, their poultry, you know, 1.5 trillion. Some of those are fake. Some of those are extended way out. They're offset by how far out? 10 years? 10 years.

(13m 17s):
Yeah. I mean, we'll, we'll, we'll spend the money up front for the border for defense. So that, that also takes away from that 1.5 trillion in spending. So at most we're maybe cutting spending 1.2 trillion. Part of that few hundred billion I think is student loan forgiveness, which the Supreme Court will probably rule unconstitutional. We're not gonna spend it anyway, but they count that as savings. So, so, so much of the savings they're talking about in the, the one Big Beautiful Bill is phony. It's fake, or it's in the out years where if Republicans lose power, Democrats will just restore it. But no matter how you slice it, from my standpoint, CBOs, $22 trillion of tenure deficit is a rosy scenario.

(13m 57s):
It'll, it'll probably be more than that. And what happens then is what's happening Right now in the bond market, interest rates are creeping up. You know, you can't control that if, if global creditors look at the United States as a, as ret worthy, our 50 year average interest payment that we paid on our debt is over 5%. So I think it's, it's as high as 5.8. It's, it's a hard, it's, it's not the most exact figure, but Right now we're borrowing probably about 3.3%. That's, that's been the average over the last 25 years, 3.3%. And that's kind of where we're at Right now. If we increased that interest, if that interest expense increases to, or rate increases to 4.3% at another $4 trillion in debt of spending, if it goes up to the 50 year average of 5.3 at about eight or $9 trillion to the 22 trillion.

(14m 48s):
So again, you go 22 trillion plus extending current tax law, add another close to 4 trillion if interest rates start creeping up and they are just one percentage point, add another 4 trillion. So you can see very quickly, you go from 22 to 26 to $30 trillion, add down to $37 trillion, we're up to $67 trillion in debt. I don't think we'd ever hit that. I think something's gonna happen. We'll have a debt crisis. We'll have failure, failure in our bond auctions spiking interest rates even more. And again, we're, we're spending more on interest this year than we spend on defense. Here's an alarming statistic. Only 12% of Americans are metabolically healthy. That means 88% are not, it's not a healthy country friend of the show in Donald Trump's surgeon, general nominee Dr. Casey means is working to solve that crisis.

(15m 35s):
She's got a new healthcare technology company. It's called Levels. It's got an easy to use app, simple and effective programs. It helps you get a clear picture of what's going on inside you, inside your body. It helps you maximize your energy, manage your weight, exercise more effectively. And it works. We've heard a ton of stories, people on our show who work here changing their lives, getting their cholesterol under control, improving their diets, making their movement much more efficient, their exercise better levels membership comes with a 28 marker cardiometabolic blood test. It gives you a comprehensive view of your health and clear guidance for how to make it better. You can also get the extended panel, which gives you an even more detailed view with a hundred plus biomarkers we just received.

(16m 18s):
Word that levels is offering. This shows listeners annual memberships with an additional two months free through the website levels link slash Tucker. We're not sure how long this is gonna last. We recommend you take advantage of it. The address levels link slash Tucker. You often hear the phrase debt crisis. What does that mean exactly? What would that look like? Depends whether it's a chronic or a acute crisis. I, I'd say we're already in a chronic debt crisis. That is what I would consider the devaluation of the dollar. And I laid out, and we talked about this, my, my pre pandemic options going back to 98 2014, 2019. So a dollar you held in 1998 is only worth 51 cents today.

(17m 1s):
Ouch. A dollar you held when I It's It's devalued that much. Yeah. Just since nine Years, it's been cut in half. When I ran 2010, that dollar is worth about 68 cents. A dollar you held during Obama in 2014 is worth 74 cents. A dollar you held just in 2019 is only worth 80 cents. So again, that, that is the devaluation of dollar. That's inflation. This Is why everything is so expensive. Yeah, that's a silent tax. That's how you spend 300 bucks at dinner and you're like, I didn't even get drunk. Like, how did that happen? That's the effect. Yeah. And that's, that's why you had four year high inflation. So that I would consider the, the chronic debt crisis. It just continues. It's, it's the danger. We have not tamed inflation yet.

(17m 43s):
We've tamed it, but we haven't conquered it. So I think that's always on the horizon, particularly if we continue to deficit spend, particularly if the bond markets start continuing to act, react as they are, keep driving interest rates up higher and you start increasing the amount of interest expense crowding out other spending. So, so an acute debt crisis would be where you have a bond market failure and like what happen in Greece, all of a sudden you can't sell your debt. So you either print the money, which sparks another round of 40, 50 year high inflation, devaluing the currency rapidly. You know, we're, we're, we're not necessarily immune to hyperinflation. O other countries have experienced it.

(18m 23s):
So Failure to sell your debt in, in a bond auction, what does that look like? You just put out your, your bonds and nobody wants 'em. No, Nobody buys them. And so again, the, the advantage the US has over any other country is we are the world's reserve currency, right? So we can print dollars so we, we can get by that moment, except for your printing dollars. And inflation's pretty easy to define. It's too many dollars chasing too few goods. So you can just print all those dollars and, and again, the the dollar VA devalues the, the cost of your debt is lowered. Again, it's, it's a, it's a, it's a silent way of addressing these, these massive deficits.

(19m 8s):
How far away from a moment like that are we, I don't know. I I would've, I would've thought we would've experienced it by now, but we've experienced in instead is, again, 40 year high inflation, the devaluation of the currency. I mean, I I think that's pretty shocking when you take a look at that is a dollar, you know, just, you know, 11 years ago it was only worth 74 cents, you know, six years. It's only worth 80 cents. That's, that's that, that's an amazing level of devaluation. Yes. Now it's not even close to hyperinflation where, you know, you, you've got inflation rates of, you know, hundreds of percent. But So when that crisis comes, what do you do?

(19m 50s):
Well, you have, you have a great deal of terminal in your society. It's, it's, it's, it won't be pleasant. It's, it's what we need to try and avoid. And, and by the way, what, why I'm not in a full blown panic. People like Art Laffer, you know? Yes. Economists of the Laffer Curve. He does correctly point out America has enormous wealth. I mean hundreds of trillions of dollars worth of wealth. So 37 billion do $37 trillion in relationship to hundreds of trillion dollars worth of wealth. That's manageable. It's just like if, if you're a billionaire but you don't work, you, you can have some pretty large mortgages on homes, but you still have to generate some income to service the debt.

(20m 35s):
And I think that's kind of the, the point we're making. And I mean, it, it's not irrelevant debt, debt to GDP ratio. And we do have massive wealth, but we need to manage the, the cash flow problem here too, as well as, I mean, just the, the pernicious impact of all these transfer payments providing encouragement for people not to work. There was a great article written, I think in 2017 by Nick Ebers, stat of the American Enterprise Institute, our miserable 21st century. You know, talking about how 20% of working age men are permanently outta the workforce. Yes. You know, on Medicaid, using the Medicaid card to buy opiate drugs to, you know, help finance their living.

(21m 17s):
You know, all all kinds, all those pernicious impacts of a society where we literally don't require people to work. We actually incentivize them not to. That's, that's to my, to my mind, that's one of the biggest problems we have with big Welfare and you mass integration to, to fill the gap. Yeah. Somebody's gotta do the work. Right. And you know, we were talking earlier when, when I first entered this political realm going to dairy breakfast, the first issue I heard in Wisconsin was, you know, we don't have enough workers. And I, I come from a manufacturing background where for 20 or so years you couldn't find enough people to work in a manufacturing plant. Which is why I always kind of scratch my head. Listen, I, there are certainly products that we have offshore that we need to reshore, you know, things that are strategic that impact our national security.

(22m 5s):
But Right now, I think our biggest problem is we don't have enough workers. I I if you bring all this manufacturing back to America, who's gonna work the factories? But we have, and, and we, and we certainly shouldn't be bringing back high labor content product. Right. I think you need to diversify your supply base. You can't be so dependent on an adversarial like China spread it around, you know, that would reduce your risk. So what you're saying, like the numbers you're describing are the bottom line numbers. This is not like higher math. This should be obvious to everybody. What's the reaction been? Well, they just ignore it. Again, one of the reasons I'm digging my heels in as the one Big Beautiful Bill comes over the Senate is we haven't had the discussion or the debate.

(22m 52s):
The, the only number you heard about in the whole house debate here was $1.5 trillion, which sounds like a lot, right? I mean $1.5 trillion in spending reduction. And of course they're, they're focusing on programs like Medicaid, that, that, the main problem with that is Obamacare, which is now called Medicaid expansion along states to gain the system putting at risk Medicaid for the truly vulnerable. But that's all you really heard about. You don't ever put that in context, you know, $1.5 trillion compared to $89 trillion spending over the next 10 years. It's barely a rounding air. You know, we, we haven't been talking about the, the massive annual deficits. We don't talk about the debt.

(23m 34s):
Why is the, I mean, when you were describing the progression debt accumulation, it, it feels like it's been really rapid in a short period of time. Like the federal government spending almost twice what it was just the other day. Where's all that money going? How did that happen? What is that? Well, again, it, it was really sparked by the pandemic. Yeah, I'll, I'll give the Tea party movement a fair amount of credit. You know, I ran 'cause we were mortgage generic kids' future. Yeah. We were running deficit for, you know, I think three years in a row over a trillion dollars. But once we got to town in 2011, we started having these budget debates. We had divided government.

(24m 14s):
Obama didn't get everything he wanted. We did something called the Budget Control Act, which literally reduced discretionary spending for three years in a row until we learned how to weasel around it. So we've, we pretty well flattened out federal government spending at about 3.5 trillion for five or six or seven years. And then the last couple years of the Obama administration started creeping up. And then under Trump it went from about 4 trillion to 4.1 to 4.4, and then it went to 6.5. And we've never looked back. And the analogy I use there is, I don't know of an American family if they had an illness and they had to borrow $50,000 to pay for the medical bills, if that family member got, well you wouldn't keep borrowing $50,000 and spend at that level.

(24m 55s):
But that's exactly what we've done. And like nobody other than, you know, I'm, I'm the first guy who wrote the Wall Street Journal article about we really need to return to pre pandemic levels. It Doesn't seem radical. And I, I've I've laid out options. You know, Clinton, Obama, Trump, You're talking about the Cov COVID pandemic. This was just like a couple years ago. Yeah. So I mean, what, what Biden should have done, I mean we had, we overspent in 2020 when we first were talking about that CARES act, it was like $750 billion. Which, you know, I knew we had to do something fast and massive so markets wouldn't collapse within like a week or two. That, that went up to like $2.2 trillion. You know, we, we sent out direct payment checks to 166 million Americans three times, way late way way after unemployment had already returned from the 25 million person high again, 25 million people unemployed when normally you're at five or six.

(25m 50s):
We sent out direct payment checks to 166 million Americans three times. So we way overspent even in 2020. So you had trillions of dollars sloshing around the economy. As you come into 2021, the economy is coming roaring back. 'cause you have all this pent up demand and all these dollars sloshing around, the last thing you should have done is add more few to the fire. That's what Biden Democrats did. Ano again, on average $1.9 trillion of deficit spending over the next four years. And we, we never went, came down off of that $6.5 trillion, you know, a little bit. 6.2, 6.3. But, you know, then started going back up again to, and that's Really the moment. That's when a bass boat suddenly cost a hundred thousand dollars or your car cost 90,000, you know, brand new suburban is 80 grand or whatever.

(26m 36s):
That's when the country became obviously unaffordable, I think unless I misremember Yeah. Or your, your, your meal deal at McDonald's all of a sudden jumped from five to 10 bucks. Go When did that happen? Yeah. I don't understand why there's no will to fix that. I mean, that seems like pretty basic macroeconomics in the Congress. Nobody's, I I, I haven't heard McConnell say this, but I've heard the, the quote attributed to him, and this is one thing I agree with him on. Show me one member of Congress, whoever lost because they spent too much money. Yeah. There, there, there just isn't public pressure. There's not public awareness. You know, we don't educate our, our young people.

(27m 16s):
We don't, the news media doesn't connect the dots that, you know, why people are can't afford things is because of massive deaths of spending, which sparked 40 year high inflation devalued the dollar. I mean, to me it's pretty obvious. But normal Americans, they just, they just get all early about it. Okay, Well then let's meditate for a moment on the consequences of it. I asked what happens when there's a debt crisis? Why haven't we had one yet? You said we probably should have had one. I don't know why we haven't, but we're gonna get one if we keep doing this. I said, what will the effect of that be? You said massive instability in the society. What do you mean? Like, what will that look like? Maybe it would awaken people to the threat if they knew what would happen in a debt crisis. Well, So if you're living on different transfer payments or different types of welfare benefits, you know, you may not get those.

(28m 4s):
Hmm. We, we, you know, you can't borrow more money. So you're gonna have to take what money we spend on other government programs and we'll have to service our debt. You have to pay it off unless we want to go into full default. And that's where you just say to Japan and China and Germany and everyone else who's bought those bonds, like, we're not paying. Yeah. Which means you'll never float more debt. So you, you can't, you know, other than print more money, which then creates even more hyperinflation. So now people can't afford anything. I mean, has Anyone ever defaulted, any country ever defaulted on debt and just said, we're not paying. Come and come and get it. Oh, I'm sure they have. I'm, I'm not a but That's not common. Like I, I think it happens enough. But what always happens is, you know, company countries like us go in they, and we help them restructure their debt.

(28m 49s):
I think that's happened numerous times. But no one's gonna come and help us restructure our debt. No, nobody can. We are the, again, we will lose our position of the world's reserve currency and we'll lose our ability to print dollars that people accept. I mean it's, it's, it's a mar marvelous thing that we just print dollars. We can send them overseas and people will produce products and ship 'em over here. High quality products are pretty low cost. I think that's one of the reasons we've been able to keep inflation in check producing all these massive deficits over the last couple decades is we, we do import a lot of products. You know, we've got, you know, billions of people either un or underemployed around the world. We provide the capital, you know, they produce the factories, they produce the goods, and then we, we just give them pa you know, paper.

(29m 34s):
It's, it's fiat currency, you know, we print it, we keep printing it. And it's been working out pretty well at some point in time that that gravy train might stop And then, I mean, then you have like a total collapse of the current system. Yeah. Again, I, I can't, I can't predict I I'm trying to avoid it. It, it'll be painful, you know, and, and it's interesting who, who, who really suffers are people at the lower end of the income spectrum that, that have no, no safety net. They don't have any kind of hard assets that will inflate with inflation. They're right. They're just, they just be destitute A lot Of them. Yeah. In a country that has no kind of organizing principle or national identity where people are not as united as they were in say 1929.

(30m 18s):
I, I had my comm staff put together a, a video. I asked them to find all these Republican leaders that have, you know, talked about balancing the budget. You know, we, we, we have a spending problem. It starts out with the President Trump saying in the state of the union we're, I'm gonna do something we haven't done 24 years balance, federal budget. Then every Republican be leader, some form of we don't have a revenue problem, we have a spending problem in those clips, we have Elon Musk saying, if, if we don't fix this, there won't be money left over for anything. And I think that's a pretty accurate statement.

(30m 53s):
So how Many people can you really trust? Well, if you think about it, probably not that many. Let's say you've got 20,000 Instagram followers. How many of them would show up at your house to help you if you had a crisis? Maybe about eight. That's a high number. The same is true on the internet. Who do you trust with your private information? That question has never been more relevant. Data brokers record every single detail of everything you do online. Then they sell your digital profile to scammers and invasive advertisers who make a living off of harassing you. If you're getting harassed, that's why you probably are Express VPN can end this cycle. Express VPN is a very simple and cool product. The tech is sophisticated. The interface is easy. They have a US Express VPN, that's an app that hides your IP address and reroutes a hundred percent of your online traffic through secure encrypted servers. That means no one can see it. No data hawks, internet providers, big tech conglomerates can see what you do online. It's fast, it's easy to use. It works on every device. You've got your laptop, tablet, phone, your television, your smart tv, anything that connects to the inter internet, you get an extra four months for free. When you use our link, scan the QR code on the screen Right now or go to express vpn.com/ Tucker, get four extra months of express VPN for free. That's express vpn.com/ Tucker.

(32m 12s):
Does this bill get us closer to fixing it? No, it exacerbates the problem. How could that be? 'cause we're not serious about returning to a reasonable pre pandemic global spending. We, we've picked a number outta the air, 1.5 trillion. It's totally outta context. There's, you know, it's not really related to the, the moment. It's, it's, it's missing the moment. Can I ask you to pause like, who came up with that number? Like, whose lie is that? I think my best guess is conservatives in the house who I love didn't wanna be blamed if this thing failed. So they said, well listen, in order to, in order for us to accept a $5 trillion increase in the debt ceiling, we've gotta get at least $1.5 trillion in savings, spending cuts.

(33m 0s):
I don't think they were looking at the big picture. They, I think they just pulled a a big, i I criticized 'em at the time privately. I said, listen, you set the bar way too low, you guys, this is completely inadequate. They set the bar way too low that it should have been easy to meet it quite honestly. But even that was difficult be because they didn't go through what I would consider the, the right kind of process. So maybe we can shift in terms of what we have to do. What I'm trying to accomplish here in my digging, my heels in do use kind of shown us what we can do here. We've never had a process to control spending the federal government. We don't have a balanced budget requirement. I I didn't realize this just found out, do you know they established the appropriation committees because the authorizing committees were big spenders.

(33m 47s):
So the appropriation committees were supposed to be the control on the big spenders. Well, that didn't work. The Budget Control Act of 1974 didn't work. Simpson Bowles didn't work. The budget control act didn't work. It did for three years. But then we weasel our way around it. So what process could possibly work to control spending? Well, well first of all, you have to know the numbers. You, you have to understand, you know, what, what a deep hole we're in and have a commitment to, to address it. But DOS has pretty well shown us how to do it. You know, I come from the private sector. I, I think we prob I probably spent more time either analyzing my department head budgets or my own overall company budget than Congress in total spends analyzing the 7,000 billion dollars budget of the federal government.

(34m 34s):
So do has shown us, if you go line by line, contract by contract, you'll discover and uncover spending that if the American public saw, they'd be outraged by it. If you eliminated it, my guess is most Americans wouldn't even know it's eliminated about the only people that would know would be the grifters. Yeah. Who have been sucking down the waste fraud and abuse the NGO community. So, So you have, you have to go step by step. So that's why I've always been supportive of multiple step reconciliation process here. I I was always recommending three steps. First step, give President Trump the, the funding on the Border Defense Bank, $850 billion of real savings, not make believe, you know, now.

(35m 17s):
And Lindsey Graham agreed to this 85 and a half billion dollars each year for four years to pay for the four years worth of spending. And then extend that out. 10 years that gives you eight 50. That's more than half of what the house budget reconciliation supposedly gives us. Second step, I would just extend current tax law. If we would've been smart enough in 2017, had somebody like Chairman Crea who really came up with this idea of let's just use current policy for taxes, then we can make this stuff permit. You should never pass in my mind a tax tax law that automatically expires, just creates all these fiscal cliffs that puts all kinds of UNC uncertainty in the economy. Why Do they do that?

(35m 57s):
Because, Because we, so this gets into real budget wonker. But for spending to score it, you use current policy, which means if a spending program ends, if you wanna extend it, you just, you score it based on, oh, it's gonna be extended anyway. So it doesn't cost anything for taxes, though. We use current law. So if, if the tax cuts are ending and you wanna extend them, well you, you're scoring that in the fact that they are gonna end. So now to extend 'em, it's going to be a trillion dollar score. So then you gotta pay for it. And it's hard to pay for it. And so that's how it was all scored back in 2017, where if we would just use current policy, if we use current policy, now we can just extend current tax line and there's no score.

(36m 40s):
And so that, that's how, that's really what we're doing now. But we have to recognize when you're comparing to the CBO budget, CBO budgets is assuming it does, taxes do increase and bringing about another $4 trillion worth of revenue. So that's why I say the $22 trillion in, in projected deficits is probably a rules scenario. I mean, it seems like the core problems are just so familiar. One is short-term thinking, and the second is the misplaced belief that you can see what the future will be. And both of those are like silly and unwise maybe. Are we bumping up against the inherent limits of the system? Well, I, I would say we're missing the focusing on the right thing.

(37m 25s):
We had to focus on spending. Yeah. But you spend, and and the reason I say that is spending is pretty certain. Yeah. Again, who knows what revenue you're gonna bring in. It's hard to predict spending. That's, that's pretty easy to, you know, predict what that's gonna be. Plus I personally voted for President Trump 'cause I wanted him to defeat the deep state. Yeah. You don't defeat the deep state by continuing to fund it at binds levels. Yeah, I know. So again, I, you know, when you start talking about the controlling the deficit, well, you can control the deficit by tariff revenue or selling the gold card that keeps funding the deep state. You have to focus on spending. And we've, we have just gone through an unprecedented level of increased spending other than World War ii.

(38m 11s):
And just quick aside on that, we entered World War II spending 11.7% of our economy of GDP on federal government, 11.7. That got ramped up to 41% during the war. But by 1948, because we had responsible leaders, you know, the greatest generation that actually went down to 11.4% of GDP and we returned to pre-war levels Spending, and we had a massive recession too. I mean the, the, the, you know, the war is over. Let's return to a reasonable pre-war level spinning. We didn't do that during the pandemic. And, and that's what we have to, we have to focus on do, it's such a reasonable thing to do. It should have been done in 2021. We didn't do it for four years, but now we're just pretty well accepting that we're, we're accepting the fact that Obamacare now called Medicaid expansion is putting at risk Medicare for the, the truly vulnerable, even though we all ran on repealing and replacing that, and obviously failed in the first Trump term.

(39m 4s):
But now we're all okay with it. Now we're not gonna touch that. 'cause they renamed it. Are you, are you kidding me? Well, This, this is, but this is how it works. Like in 20 years we'll be like, well of course you have to protect trans kids. You know, what seems crazy at first becomes accepted and then it becomes the hill to die on. It's just like your expectations change. Right. So again, I'm, I'm trying to force the discussion over the real numbers. Okay. And, and again, 1.5 trillion in abstract seems like a lot, but we've really ramped up from two, from 2019 to this year. That's over 10 years. That's $29 trillion of increased spending over 10 years, 29 trillion.

(39m 48s):
And we're talking about cutting out 1.5 of that. Yeah, It's a joke. It's a joke because people don't want to cut it out. And so I guess that's my question. You said that the problem with democracy is once the majority figures out they can just steal money, then, you know, then you're just like headed to the cliff and there's no pulling back. Are we there? Well Again, they're, they're not stealing it. They just don't realize that how it's financed is by printing money and they can't afford things. Well, if you're taking other people's money, well, sure, I mean, at the point of a gun, it's called theft. Yeah. They, they try and tax it, but we're not taxing anywhere near enough. Right? No. Right. So We're, we're gonna have to borrow $2.2 trillion for the next 10 years every year. Two point, at least. At least.

(40m 28s):
But That's effectively a tax because it devalues the money in your pocket. So You're basically Paying 10 bucks for a Big Mac and a Coke. So Yeah, inflation's a silent tax. Yeah. It's, it's, it's really nasty. Do you have any hope? I'm not the world's greatest optimist. Yeah, Yeah. I mean, how, how can you be, you know, I, I fear we've passed the point of no return. The reason I'm digging my heels and, and, and Tucker, I don't want to, I bet you don't. I I, I really don't. I mean, I'm not looking for, listen, I, I love what President Trump is doing. He's such a unique individual, unique political figure, unique president. He is doing things that only he would do.

(41m 9s):
Nobody else would do it. And it's things that have to be done. Okay. So I, I'm So, you know, so supportive of most of what he's doing. But this is a once in a lifetime opportunity here. We've never had such an unprecedented level of spending returning to a reasonable level is just so common sense. And not that hard. It's not gonna be easy. But what I've done in, in laying out those pre pandemic options, go back to Bill Clinton, 1998 when we actually had a surplus for the first time in 1969. I don't think we spent too little in 1969 or 1998 Obama in 2014, or Trump in 2019. There, there are three options.

(41m 50s):
Leave social security, Medicare, and interest as they are spend what you need to spend. But for all the other outlays, you just increase them based on population growth and inflation. A very reasonable control. Right? You end up somewhere between 5.5 and 6.5 trillion. Now, I would go back to Clinton recognizing that nine 11 happened after that. So you probably have to plus up defense. Although I would, I'd like to hone how we spend our defense dollars. I think we talked about that earlier. I I don't think we spend them well, but, you know, somewhere between 5.5 and $6.5 trillion. And then I've printed out the budgets, you know, a couple thousand lines and then go through those budgets line by line.

(42m 30s):
You just ask the question, well this is what Clinton was spending pl fully inflated. Why are we spending this much more? Or this is what Obama spent. Why is it, you know, or Trump, why is it so much more? Explain yourself. And I said in business, this to be simple. Yeah. I just say, I would tell my manager that I said, you could increase your budgets based on inflation. The number of customers you serve, your 10% above that. Cut it kinda like, I don't care how you do it, just do it. Get, get back down to that level, you know, to do it is, you know, so it doesn't harm our business. So it doesn't harm people's lives, but just do it because what we were spending 1998, 2014, 2019, I think it was probably pretty adequate.

(43m 10s):
And by the way, if you go through it line by line, there'll be lines that I think you look at, scratch your head and go, we probably shouldn't be spending anything on that. I think Doge taught us that. So again, we, we for sure, you know, Trump. And again, I think that was brilliant what Trump and, and Elon did with Doge. But we haven't realized those savings yet. I think we stopped spending on contracts. But un unless we set up and pass a rescission package on the discretionary end, and unless we take whatever they discovered in mandatory and, and eliminate that through the reconciliation process, those money will just be sitting out there Unobjected and some Democrat congress and some Democrat president will spend it without even having to appropriate, appropriate it.

(43m 52s):
Can I ask About the, the defense budget? So it's in the neighborhood of a trillion dollars. We face no invasion threat. We never have, we're separated from the rest of the world by two large oceans. Our standing force is not that huge actually. It's not like all that money's going to pay for soldiers and marines and airmen. Why are we spending that much on defense? We haven't won a war in 80 years. So, like, I, I, I don't, I'm a little con And I know that all Republicans are required to take the Liz Cheney position. You know, that's just great defense spending is just by its nature inherently good. But what, what is that, what's all that money going to Exactly.

(44m 33s):
We did not heed Eisenhower's warning. I think the military industrial complex has way too much power. I would love, and we should do this, is we should go back at least as far back as Vietnam and analyze each one of these foreign entanglements, each, each of these foreign wars and ask ourselves and gather some basic information. First, what was our goal going in? Secondly, you know, what did it cost in human life hours and our, and our adversary, our enemies, what did it cost in terms of dollars? And then the final question is, did we accomplish the objective?

(45m 14s):
I think if you do that, And I hate to say this 'cause I I it is true. I mean, this is, we're filming this on Memorial Day. Yeah. The fi like the finest among us. Well, I agree with that. People who Love this country who've stepped up the plate, willing to serve and sacrifice more than a million, have paid the ultimate price. So I, I don't, I don't even like saying this, but the fact of the matter is, if you did that kind of analysis, you wouldn't walk away. Very satisfied. Well, but doesn't our respect for the men who died in military service require us to Do that? I, I I think it does. So if, if you would to do that, I mean, I was just recently in Hanoi a couple years ago, what wonderful people, yeah, they love Americans.

(45m 56s):
Great. I mean, af after even what they love America because they're entrepreneur, they're hardworking. They, they, they want, like most people in the world, they want what we have. They, they, they respect the values of America, the principles of, of freedom. Individual liberty. Okay. We never should have been to war with them. We never should have bombed those people, but followed all the way through Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria. I mean, so, so I mean, what, what, what have we accomplished with the, the Ukraine war Right now? Oh, I know. We have actually solidified the relationship between Russia and China and North Korea and Iran. Yes. That's completely opposite of what our goals ought to be.

(46m 39s):
Yes. So it's just not working. I mean, we have not accomplished these goals. They've been, they've been miserable failures. How many people died in Iraq based on that false intelligence? You know, I, the be best book I read on, on Afghanistan was written by special ops folks. And they basically made the point that we'd pretty well accomplish what we need to accomplish in Afghanistan. Before Tommy Frank ever put a boot on the ground, you know, we, we said, Hey listen, you guys harbored Al-Qaeda, don't do it anymore. Kind of punish the Taliban. And that's probably where we should have left that how many Americans lost their lives? How many, you know, Afghanistan citizens lost their lives.

(47m 19s):
What did that cost again? It's, it's, it's almost incalculable. So New report, which you may not have seen 'cause it was suppressed, shows the abortion pill is 10 times more dangerous than the FDA claims. Not just dangerous to the baby that it kills, but to the women who take it, 11% of women who take the pill experience serious adverse effects. Why is it still on the market? Huh? Because it's abortion related and our leaders love abortion. It'd be easy to turn that figure into a rant about abortion. But there's another angle to this debate that's not talked about enough. And that's what a blessing babies are. People scoff about children like they're some kind of plague.

(47m 59s):
But in reality, the exact opposite is true on your death bed, you'll care only about your children. They are a gift, unlike any other gift. They are the supreme gift.

(48m 9s):
Our friends at PreBorn understand this, and they're working around the clock to save as many unborn lives as they can. Their ultrasound helps guide thousands of future mothers to choose life through knowledge. And that's possible because people like you support them to help simply dial pound two 50, say the keyword baby, that's pound two 50, the word baby. Or visit PreBorn dot com slash Tucker. We are proud to partner with PreBorn.

(48m 37s):
Well, given all of that, and given that no one has ever been punished, no high ranking military officer I'm aware of has ever been punished for any of these failures. The withdrawal from Afghanistan was humiliating and costly, and it was just a disaster in every way. And the only guy who's punished is Stu Schiller, who's a marine officer who points out that it wasn't a success, but the architects were rewarded. So given all of that, why are we sending these people even more money? Again, it's the military industrial complex and you know, there, there's some just basic metrics people use like percentage GDP spending on defense where yes, we're kind of a low level and we should be, you know, we should be, I mean, we, we've got Right now, you know, chairman of the Armed Services Committee, McConnell, they want to dedicate 5% of GDP to, to defense.

(49m 29s):
So, well, where are you gonna get that money? I mean, I, I realize we're, we're kind of down to historic low levels, but it's still a trillion dollars. Where are we spending it? That's why I would've loved to seen somebody like Eric Prince who wrote a excellent article, too Big to win, become Defense Secretary and, and really take a look at how are we finding these wars? What do we need to do to defend America? Somebody said to me that the other day, I was talking to an informed person about this grousing about it like, if you don't win a war for 80 years, why does your budget keep expanding? And this person said, the real reason is America's industrial base is overwhelmingly military now.

(50m 10s):
So actually the only real thing we make are weapons. And so that's what that money does. Yeah, I don't think that's necessarily true. You know, there, there's, there's certainly a, again, you still have that industrial base again, you spend a trillion dollars out of a $28 trillion economy, $29 trillion economy. It's a pretty good chunk, but it's not the majority of it. We, we make a lot of stuff And I think that's kind of a, a, a mistaken notion as well. Industrial production continues to rise here. Yeah. We, we don't, we don't have, again, we become more and more productive. That's, that's a good thing. Again, we, Right now we don't have enough workers to be manufacturing a whole lot more stuff. I mean, the last thing we should be doing is trying to attract high labor content product back to the us.

(50m 52s):
We just don't have enough people to do it. Interesting. So that, that's probably like a Raytheon talking point then. I I don't know. I I'm just, I'm just putting the basic numbers. I mean, I, no, That's interesting. So what happens to this bill? Well, again, what I'd like to do is split it in two parts. Do the, the, the e you know, quite honestly what has to be done now, and that is provide the funding. I think they're asking way too much. I I point this out with Christie Noam, they're, they're looking for $46 billion for the fence, right? Or for the wall. Well, in the first Trump term, I can't remember the exact numbers. I think something 485 miles that we spent 6.6 billion. So that's like $14.4 million a mile.

(51m 34s):
Now they want 46 billion. That's built over 3000 miles. So I asked her square that circle for me, and she, she really didn't, she was actually saying they're projecting $12 million. I I was willing to give her 14.4. Even though I was in Israel when I was chairman of Homeland Security, they built their very effective fence for less than $2 million a mile. But lay that aside. So provide border funding. The price you have to pay for that is more defense spending bank the savings. We can, you know, take, take the good work the house has done, bank that savings, extend current tax law, take an automatic tax increase off the table, provide that certainty the economy, bump up the debt ceiling for a year to keep pressure on us to come back and then do the Big Beautiful Bill.

(52m 23s):
We'll consider President Trump's tax proposals, which, listen, I'm, I'm all for no tax on cash tips. Can't collect it anyway. So I even try and that keeps currency circulating through the economy as well. I think that's a good thing. I don't want to go to a government backed digital security. So that, that's good. I mean, the other tax proposals, EP promises he made in the campaign, they're not pro-growth. They're just gonna reduce revenue, you know? No, no tax on overtime. You know, I ran a continuing shift in operation. I, I think the one time and a half or double time is, is more than enough incentive. You know, we, we all, we all live under a tax system. Income is income. Why? Why would we increase the regulatory burden on people that Mr.

(53m 5s):
Payroll to cord off some of the overtime to don't tax it. I mean, just be paying the butt. Why Doesn't everyone just pay the same rate? I don't understand that. And then everyone has skin in the game. Everyone has a better sense of what their government is spending and on what if it's coming out of your, and, and that suggests a kind of a quality under the law that would be sort of nice if everyone was held. And I mean, nonprofits too. I think we should get rid of all nonprofits immediately. Why isn't Harvard's Endowment paying taxes? Like, what is this? Why not just the same rate for everybody? Labor Capital, same rate one rate. You can be a nonprofit by not making a profit. Right? I've done that too. No, I mean, still Paying tax. I mean, if, if, if you're a university, church, something like that, you bring in revenue, you spend it, you get, got no profit, you're a nonprofit.

(53m 49s):
Yeah. So, no, the other reason I wanted to split this into two parts is, you know, we need to take the time to go line by line to, to do a doge impact on the entire budget. To find, to find the outrageous spending, eliminate what people won't even notice. But also to simplify and rationalize our tax system. We have, have a grotesquely complex tax system cost. Everyone's out of complaints. Everybody's committing a felony, unwittingly every single person. You, me, every other American. So Simplify it again, using basic principles. Don't try and socially and economically engineer through the tax code. We're, we're terrible at it. You can't, you're not that smart. So raise the revenue you need.

(54m 30s):
Try not to do any economic or social harm. So that, that would imply a very simple tax system. They always say lower the rates on the base, but fair. I don't personally, I've done well in this country. I don't mind having a pro progressive tax rate. I really don't certainly exempting a certain amount of income. So, you know, people can, can live without having to pay tax and stuff. But, but within tho those confines keep it as absolutely simple as possible. Now one thing I know there's nothing simple about simplifying the tax tax code. I mean, everybody's got their, their little tax break. And you know, even Right now, I, one of the reasons I'm not looking forward to this ordeal that's going to come about over the next couple weeks as I dig my heels in, is, you know, there a lot of people that support President Trump have supported me.

(55m 14s):
They want no tax. And overtime they, by the way, if, if all you live on is social security, it, the, the chance of you paying a dollar tax on that is almost infinitesimal. So we, we don't tax social security Right now. But let's face it, if you have social security and then you have income above that, I mean, why should you exempt some of your income? I think us oldsters have stolen enough from younger generations. I mean, you see the wealth transfer, I, I used to have a chart on this, but the, the transfer of wealth from young to old over the decades, it's, it's, it's literally immoral. It's imal. So let, let's not, I've noticed let's not exacerbate that problem. It's disgusting. And again, if you're gonna, if you can do something in tax, again, I don't think this is the point.

(55m 57s):
I don't want to increase people's taxes, but I don't think this is a point in time to be cutting taxes that aren't incentivizing growth. Again, I don't, I'd rather not be incentivizing, you know, again, trying to use the tax code to try and come up with some way to incentivize growth. Just keep it simple. Uncomplicated, rational income is income. You know, basic principles like wherewithal to pay, I mean design approach, all of these things with, with principles, because the big problem in the house. What was the goal there? I would think the goal of this Republican budget reconciliation would be to reduce the deficits. It seems like in the house, the only goal was to pass a one Big Beautiful Bill by Memorial Day.

(56m 38s):
Great. You, you, you, you achieved your goal, but you didn't solve our fiscal situation didn't even come close. Yeah, I mean, I'm not impressed by the people managing this in the house. I'm just gonna say, so I'm not surprised. But, but it of course needs the Senate as well. So, Well, it, it needs, it needs presidential leadership. But, but, but, and he, and he, and he needs to get behind fixing this problem. Now, he said in the state of the Union, he's gonna balance a budget fine. But I, I know in his mind he thinks he's gonna balance a budget with tariff revenue. I'm sorry, tariffs are attacks. We're not quite sure who pays them. Whereas the foreign companies, the foreign countries, the US consumer, I mean, again, the instance of tax was never particularly certain, but tariffs raised the cost of goods for what, again, I, there's no doubt there are certain products, high-end semiconductors, pharmaceuticals, rare earth minerals.

(57m 38s):
We gotta be basic in those. We have to produce these here just from standpoint national security. Is there a better way of doing that than just generalized increasing of a tax, which is what a tariff is? I, I would argue there probably is. How about, how about this? We just give you a tax holiday for five or 10 years. WW again, you've got a high-end semiconductor plan in a different country. We're not collecting the tax on it anyway. It's no skin off our, you know, whats to just, we'll come on over here, produce that here. Exactly. We'll just give you a 10 year tax. I talk, talk to the people who are gonna invest in it. What's it gonna take? How long a tax holiday, what's reasonable? You know, incentivize it that way, but don't, don't incentivize it by mucking up our tax code. Or I'd say even worse, you know, things like the CHIPS act where you pay money to grifters that don't really, you know, fulfill their, their end of the bargain.

(58m 29s):
Again, we're just not good at doing these things. The free the free market's not perfect, but it is the most efficient allocator capital. So, I mean, you, you, you provide somebody a tax holiday And I think you can bring those things back here pretty good. Plus permitting, refu reform. If you wanna do precursive chemicals for pharmaceuticals, I mean exactly. You gotta, you gotta permit the, the refineries. You gotta permit the mines if you're gonna mine rare earth minerals. And if you're gonna refine those things. So again, we, we, we have to look at this, but it requires presidential leadership to go make the case the logical case. And that from my standpoint, in terms of me digging my heels in, I'm a reasonable guy.

(59m 12s):
But you're not gonna sell me just by saying you gotta pass the one Big Beautiful Bill. I'm, I'm tired of the rhetoric. I'm not prone to slogans. It's like, lay out the case. If you can lay out the ca case that, that we are pro promoting growth and this is what the revenue's gonna be and this is how we actually shrink the deficit. And this is how we avoided debt crisis. You know, I wanna be on board. I want, I wanna see this president succeed. How many Of your colleagues in the Senate have your position on this? Well, it's, it's interesting. There's a, a fair number that, that are coalescing around the number. And I've never really, I've laid out options, but I've never dug my heels in on a number for a pre pandemic level spending. But I've laid it out. I think logically enough, most people are, you know, there's pretty big groups say that it should be no more than $6.5 trillion in the next fiscal year.

(59m 57s):
So that implies about a $800 billion difference between what we're expected to spend, which would be about $8 trillion of spending reduction over 10 years. It's a long ways from the 1.5 trillion. Yeah. Again, what I've always said is I need a commitment to return to a reasonable pre pandemic level spending, realizing we have to get the votes, but maybe even more importantly, a process to achieve and maintain it. And it's, and that's, that's, that's that line by do the work. But it'll take time to do the work. But we needed a commitment. I I can't do it. I, I don't have access to all the information we really need. And why I proposed in one of my Wall Street Journal columns was a budget review panel made up of senators, house members, staff of the OMB office management and budget.

(1h 0m 41s):
I mean, those are the guys that know their stuff. And then have this as a re review panel and bring up, just like in business budget review meeting, bring up the department heads with their budget gurus and stuff and explain it. Go line by line again. Why, why are you spending so much more than in a fully inflated Bill Clinton level or Obama or Trump? I mean, explain yourself, you know, why should we be spending even a dime on this category right here? So you've got, you know, top lines within the federal government, more than 2000 lines under each one of those lines. There's probably hundreds of lines between all those. So you got a lot of work to do, but it doesn't get done if you try and rush this thing through.

(1h 1m 22s):
And now by July 4th is, would, would be the goal for the Senate. So I wanna break this up into two parts to give us the time to go through that budget line by line. Will You get it? I, Right now I think I've got at least four that will dig their heels in and say again, we wanna see you succeed. We wanna pass this, we wanna pass something. We'll pass what must be passed. Now again, we've already set this up in the Senate with our budget resolution to provide the defense and, and border funding plus $850 billion in savings. Tack that onto the house where we extend current tax law and increase the debt ceiling. By the way, that's gonna be a massive amount. This, it should, it should shock everybody.

(1h 2m 3s):
What we're gonna have to increase the debt ceiling for just to get us by another year, probably be two to $2.5 trillion. 'cause we have to refill the extraordinary measures that, you know, the, the buckets they've taken from to extend the debt ceiling. We're, we're Right now burning about a half a trillion dollars a quarter. So you, you're talking, you know, if you extending next year, five quarters at half a trillion dollars, that's $252.5 trillion just to get us by into next year. That should shock everybody. And that's, that's my whole purpose here is we haven't had, we haven't talked about the numbers, we haven't put this in context of, of the big mess.

(1h 2m 43s):
We're in the deep hole. We've dug ourselves and I'm, I'm just gonna force that debate. I'm, I'm, I'm not trying to be obstinate. I, you know, I'll probably be accused of grandstanding. I don't wanna do, I'd rather not do this. I'd rather have the house having really succeeded and the present totally behind, again, return to a pre pandemic level spending. But somebody's gotta do it.

(1h 3m 2s):
Since We launched a, we've had four flavors, but we are proud to announce ALP has a brand new flavor. One of several will be rolling out over the next year or so. And it is sweet nectar. I have personally tested this product two at a time and it's excellent, sweet nectar, the new flavor out from a really, really good go to Alp Pouch dot com. You can order it in bulk by the palette if you want. I have strongly recommended it. Sweet nectar. Stay tuned for morning for, it's interesting, if you pull back a little bit, so as with the defense budget, you don't win a war for 80 years, but you keep getting more money.

(1h 3m 47s):
A primary driver of the deficits and the debt is healthcare spending. Is the country getting healthier? No, we're getting sicker. And again, that's shifting gears into, you know, really the failure of our, of our healthcare system, of establishment medicine, of pharmaceutically driven medicine. They call it Rockefeller medicine. You know, this is where I've been so supported, why Do they call it Rockefeller medicine? He's really one that really pushed, you know, pharmaceutical drug companies way back when. I don't understand the full history. But yes, again, that's all, you know, petrochemical based, you know, chemistry based and you know, rather than really focusing on health, it's all, and we've got a pill for this.

(1h 4m 28s):
Again, here's, here's an example, And I think this is true, but there was a debate in terms of what caused heart disease. You know, is it too much sugar? Is it cholesterol? Yes. From the pharmaceutical industry standpoint, they had a drug to lower cholesterol statins. So guess what they chose cholesterol, the winner, you know, the winner. 'cause we've got a drug to manage that. Now there are all kinds of emerging serious side effects of statins. One that I read about was sudden hearing loss. Guess who lost their hearing? Just like that.

(1h 5m 9s):
Who me? Two weeks after I returned from Moscow, I just lost my hearing. Just, just like stepped outta the shower And I lost my hearing, my balance in an instant, Like all your hearing In my right ear. So you start researching all this, I mean, you know, NIH reviewed me because thought it might have been Havana Syndrome. Yes. But as I got involved in the whole c And I got to meet all these doctors who had a second opinion that, that weren't going along with the narrative that were, they had the courage and compassion to actually treat COVID patients. That that took seriously the vaccine injured. It just connects you to just alternate opinions, you know, alternate thinking.

(1h 5m 53s):
And one of 'em, you know, laid out the, the list of side effects of statins. And one of 'em is sudden hearing a lot of people were thinking could be a main driver of Alzheimer's. But again, they'll never admit it because that's a multi-billion dollar industry right there. Do You think it's possible that statins are responsible for dementia? People are saying that, I don't know. I'm not, I'm not a doctor, not a medical researcher, but my eyes have been open. That's really scary right there. If that's true. That's, I mean, that's a, I mean, pe people are making are posing that. I will, I will say since I, so I took myself off statins, I've had a number of health conditions that's just, just improved as a result. Seriously. Yeah. I, I was complained for years, quite honestly.

(1h 6m 33s):
So they, they put me on statins when I went in for a CT scan and they saw calcium build up on what they called the widowmaker. But that's external. I can always bust through the arterial wall and cause real problems. But I, I had a heart catheterization a couple years ago. I woke up from that and go, man, I, I wish my plumbing was as clean as yours. So I don't know, was it, 'cause I was on statins all those years. But I know I was going, being treated because I was having pretty severe dizzy spells. Almost a point of passing out frequently, you know, going up a step, whatever. I took myself off statins, I under doctor's care, that's gone. What I'll give you, I'll give you another one.

(1h 7m 15s):
This is, so I also, this is very personal. This is strange. I'm getting into this, but It's a safe space. So I I've always had acid reflux for years. Yeah. Okay. And so I was on everything, you know, Zantac and Prilosec and then Nexium, which by the, were by the way, were great in terms of leaving symptoms, but also have some pretty nasty side effects. So I, again, you know, reading these alternate opinions on stuff, hydrochloric, no hydrochloric acid has been known for decades to be a just aid, the theory behind what causes acid reflux is you don't have enough stomach acid.

(1h 7m 56s):
You're not, you're not digesting the food properly. You're not providing the signal to the, I guess, sphincter muscle, whatever that closes your stomach off from your esophagus. So what you do to solve it is you introduce more acid in, you know, in, in the form of a natural vegetarian based product. And that's called hydrochloric hydrochloric acid. So I take one tablet now before my evening meal. I miss it probably at least half the time. I don't have it anymore. So I don't take pri I don't take any of that stuff anymore. This worked far better. It's just completely natural.

(1h 8m 36s):
Amazing. And it's complete, it's completely opposite of what all these other patented, patented drugs do for you. So it's just, it's just HCL and they call it ba baiting or something like that. But you, it's just an over the counter supplement and it's worked great. I mean, you would think, given what We, so I will get all kinds of guff for talking about this stuff. Why? But it's just because that's what, that's what they do. This is the, well you just Described, your life improving and health improving and that's somehow a thought crime. Like How does that work? It it will be because the, the pharmaceutical industrial complex, again, it's all about drugs that can, can treat chronic illness, which is why you can't talk about these things.

(1h 9m 20s):
Which is why they completely sabotaged the treatment of, of early treatment, of COVID using things like hydroxychloroquine and, you know, particularly ivermectin, which I heard story 'cause Yeah, I was the tip of the spear. I got all kinds of people calling me. What doctors treat this? And so I, I heard the, the amazing stories of recovery, recovery with Ivermectin. You know, we're we, we will hold a hearing on this. There, there's one attorney that got called into Sui Hospital because somebody's loved one was in the hospital and they were begging them to use ivermectin. The, the hospital just refused. So the, this lawyer went in there and sued, was successful, saved that person's life.

(1h 10m 2s):
So in the end, because he did this, I think he had something, this is a rough number, something like 200 families that he went to court for, to force the hospitals to use Ivermectin and or budesonide or some of these other drugs, right? He went about half the cases of those a hundred cases, I think he lost two or a couple patients. Otherwise they all survived. Of the a hundred cases he lost, they all died. Whoa. So you take a look at these HE hospital protocols. There's a great documentary, VAX three that really goes through this and just talks about the hospital protocols using rem desi, which the nurses called run death.

(1h 10m 43s):
Death is near the anti Fauci said this is the, this is the treatment. Even though they, whatever study it was, they changed the endpoint from, you know, death to just days in hospital. Which I don't think even that was true. The, the number of conflicts of the people reviewing that, that were associated with Gilead, I mean the who recommended against using resi vir. And yet we still use it. I mean, you, you see what happened during COVID, thoroughly corrupt. And you know, we just had our hearing on the signals on myocarditis, which they completely downplayed a hid for months on, on the COVID injection. So why are we giving any money to a system that not only fails to improve public health, but actively conspires against it?

(1h 11m 30s):
I would say the primary reason at this point in time is because in 1997, Clinton through regulation allowed pharmaceutical companies to advertise. And you look at those ads, you don't have any idea what those drugs do. Right. But that's common around the world. Right. Most countries allow that. No, No. Only, only America New Zealand allowed that. I knew the, yeah, I just wanted To Yeah, I know you knew Evoke that. So only the United States and New Zealand out of every country in planet Earth allow drug com pharma companies to advertise Right. On Television. And So you take a look at those ads, I have no idea what any of those drugs are treating other than they allow dogs to jump higher and people to play around the pool and serve Make your wife hotter.

(1h 12m 12s):
Yeah. Oh, just, you know, I mean, just, they look wonderful. And then if you listen to these side effects, the, you know, spoken, you know, possible death, you know, it's like, again, I sold plastic. I'm, I'm, I'm used to marketing. There is No way anybody would spend a dollar a dime on an ad for a product where you gotta list all, all the horrible side effects. Why do they do it? It's not sell Again, you don't know what the drug is for Not, they're not selling those drugs Too. No. They are buying the narrative Exa I worked in the media my whole life and, And that is, and that is what we saw during COVID. I mean, that's exactly what completely opened up my Eyes. They're paying NBC and Fox News and CNN and FCBS and everybody else not to criticize the COVID shots.

(1h 12m 56s):
I ran in, in 2010 after I'd given a tea party speech. And two things I said, which my campaign guy said, never say that again, is I defended big oil and big pharma. I said, what am I the only guy that likes a gas station every corner of this, of the pound? Because I run it down to empty. Or am I the only one that wants a lifesaving new drug? By the way, there are wonderful drugs for sure. There are that, that we need particularly in acute care. But we do need, and this is what again, I give Bobby Kennedy and Trump so much credit for laying aside their political differences, joining an alliance to focus on a problem that they both agree that needs to be solved and it's chronic illness.

(1h 13m 35s):
Bobby Kennedy says 75% of our healthcare spending is on chronic illness. And so I I just laid out, you know, I had a chronic condition, you know, acid reflux gerd, and kept treating with all these pharmaceuticals. They weren't cheap. You know, Prilosec, Nexium, they're not cheap. Alleviated the symptoms, but didn't fix it. I, I go to the, something that just is far cheaper, I think works better. I don't even have to even take it every day. I, I think I've probably replenished the acid in my stomach, which declines with age. And just so, I mean, every other day I take one, if I remember is a evening meal and pretty well solved the condition. I've, I've, I have cured a chronic, I'm, I'm not treating it anymore.

(1h 14m 19s):
I was treating it with Prial second Nexium. I pretty well cured it. Now I still take this 'cause it's a digestive aid. It's like you eat the right stuff. Why can't, if, if Clinton allowed pharma to advertise, allowed pharma to buy the media, which they did, I can verify that since I worked there. Why can't that be undone as easily? Well, it can, you ought to use your influence with President Trump to make sure he supports Bobby if he decides to do that. But we should do that. And again, I'm, I'm a free market guy. I mean, I'm, But we couldn't even have a debate about the most obvious things during COVID because the media wouldn't allow it. And again, I can verify that firsthand since I worked there.

(1h 15m 2s):
And you just couldn't, they did not want in any way to criticize pharma companies. Period. So that's where it started. We're not criticizing these people, period. And it's because they pay all the bills. So if you ended that, which you could do, I think with a stroke of a pen, you could have an informed consent. Again, people would, you know, have a chance to know what they were being prescribed and decide whether or not to take it. Right. That would be the, the hope. Yeah. You know, I, I, you know, I had a, I had a a a public event and it was really based on your interview with Casey and Kelly means. And so we put that together. Bobby Kennedy showed up and we had a bunch of social media influencers on nutrition.

(1h 15m 42s):
And one of the witnesses specializing, he's a psychiatrist specializing in nutrition's impact on, on mental health, I think probably made the, the best little snippet of testimony. He said, you know, they don't want to know the root cause of chronic illness. Again, who's they? I remember listening to you asked that too. What's that? Catherine Witt or you, you just Said Oh, oh, wonderful. Yeah, wonderful woman. Yeah, exactly. You asked her who, who are they? Yeah, I ask that on my time myself all the time. My, my guess is they attend Davos, who, whoever they are, they're there. They're not invited to my house for dinner.

(1h 16m 22s):
But I thought that was a very interesting comment. They don't want to know, of course the root cause because if they find out it is some pharmaceutical product or some pesticide or some herbicide or some toxin in our food that's gonna disrupt multi-billion dollar business models. And those businesses are fully engaged in lobbying. They're fully engaged in having and have captured our regulatory agencies. Yeah. I'm talking about, So you listen, government is power. Right? That's pretty good definition of government. It's power. And as lord Acton aptly stated, power corrupts. And so what has happened over the decades is these businesses, And I, I have a great deal of sympathy for them being overregulated by, by big government.

(1h 17m 8s):
Right? But they're smart, especially the big ones. They got smart people there. So not only do they figure out how to survive with overregulation, they learn how to capture it, Of course. And then they promote It and then they capture it for the to, for their benefit to the dimens detriment of their competitors, particularly smaller competitors and detriment of the American public. And that is what has happened, I would say across the board in government, whether it's pharmaceuticals, whether it's military, industrial complex, whether it's our big food. That's in my mind, that's the hope that that's what I wanna see Donald Trump defeat. And you first defeat it by exposing it. People have to understand this is what's happened. But certainly what I learned, you learned Bobby Kennedy learned during COVID.

(1h 17m 50s):
It is very difficult defeat back then what I called the COVID cartel. That is a powerful group of interest. And they're not going away. Well, let's start with a really easy one. And those are the vaccine injured. So these would be American citizens who obeyed their government and took a shot that they were required to take on pain and punishment and then were injured by or killed by that shot. They've received almost no attention. You're literally, were the only lawmakers who ever mentions them. You've had a bunch of hearings, you know them personally. Describe the scale of the injury and death from the COVID shots, if you would. Well, just on vaers alone, I think we're over 38,000 deaths associated with the COVID vaccine.

(1h 18m 36s):
Vaers is the federally created Vaccine adverse event reporting system. Yes. So that's a, that's a government reporting system. Right now it's, it's, some conditions are mandatory to be reported, but they, they're still not, the, the two complaints about are, you know, hits on vay is it doesn't prove causation, but it also dramatically understates the number of adverse events. 'cause people just don't report 'em, sometimes you don't connect the dots. So on vayar system to date worldwide, there's over 38,000 deaths associated with COVID vaccine. And 24% of those to date either occur on the date of vaccination or within one or two days.

(1h 19m 18s):
Wow. Yeah. I I know someone who was killed by it. You know, we, we saw all these athletes dropping like flies on the, on the field. You saw newscasters just toppling over, you know, from their, their anchor chair. And like that wasn't reported. You, you'd get a, you'd get it through social media. You might have a local news story, but it, there's no national news media that hopped on and say what is happening here? No, because That's, that wasn't real. It Was, it was all denied. Yeah. It was all denied. A lot of 23-year-old soccer players have heart conditions, it turns out. Yeah. Yeah. That's, it's all bad exercise. They do. It's, I dunno why I'm laughing. It's horrible. So, so 38,000 globally, just on VAs, is anyone keeping track of the injuries and the chronic illness caused by those shots?

(1h 20m 6s):
I think they're primarily calling it long COVID now. Okay. That's, you know, that's, that, that's their excuse. And even those that are vaccine injured, want to think it's just a long COVID. I mean, no, nobody wants to admit that they maybe should have taken a little more time, gotten a little more educated about this experimental COVID injection. They don't want to think there may be a ticking time bomb in terms of turbo cancers. And, but again, more and more evidence is coming out that in tumors, there's, they find the spike protein, the spike protein, as long as as, as well as the modified RNA. It's not true mRNA that does degrade very rapidly circulating the body for months, possibly years. Again, they're the spike protein in autopsied hearts in tumors.

(1h 20m 49s):
You know, we know from people like Kevin McKernan that there was DNA contamination it can integrate into the cell could cause cancer. Again. There there's so, yeah, I hate talking about it 'cause I know 70, 80% of Americans got vaccinated. They Don't wanna hear about it. No, no, no, they don't. They they wanna just move on. That's why it's, it's so difficult to hold people accountable for this. Well, here's an easy way to do it. So if I sell any product, a food product, for example, and it turns out to kill people Get sued. Exactly. So only the vax makers have this exemption granted to them by Congress, the shield. And I I I've never heard a real argument for why they should maintain that or why congress continues to protect them.

(1h 21m 33s):
Why By, by the way, so I talked to Bar Barbara Lo Fisher, who is the mom who really pushed that thing through. That law itself does not provide liability. This is the 1986 Law. Yeah. It was regulations, kinda the wink wink now, now to get it passed that they implement, you know, promulgated regulations that actually provide that liability protection. And again, that it wasn't, it wasn't just for the three vaccines, I think at the time that were on the schedule, it exempted all future vaccines, which has led to an explosion because again, the, the, the greatest risk, there's no Downside. Yeah. I mean, you just keep cranking these things out. Yeah. That they aren't tested in a true ple placebo, placebo controlled trial.

(1h 22m 17s):
Sometimes the, the, the trial period is meager as it is only lasts for a week. It's, it's just, it's shocking. And this was, you know, Aaron Siri testified at our hearing last week, and you know, he, he's expert at all this in terms of the American public would be shocked at how little testing these vaccines actually receive. But you have this, it's almost a religion around the safety and efficacy of vaccines. I mean, And I understand that it's, it's such an elegant solution, isn't it just a a hundred percent safe shot in the army and you never have to worry about this. Well, that's fine. Maybe there's, the problem is just not true. Well, But let's say it is true. There's super safe. Peter Hotez is like a legitimate physician.

(1h 22m 57s):
He's telling the truth. He's not deranged. And okay, then prove it, then hold them to the same standard that every other product that you buy. Certainly every product that's mandated by government is held to, and that's one that's backstopped by the courts. Right. Tort Law. Like, I don't, I don't understand like why would there be this one thing that's exempt from a process that every other thing is subject to? Because Because there were so many injuries manifesting themselves before that law was passed, that those manufacturers are gonna be sued out of existence. Oh. And again, the, the, the religion faith that these vaccines are just so crucial. Even though you, you read a book like dissolving illusions, you realize the main reason most of these diseases were eradicated is because we no longer live in squalor.

(1h 23m 45s):
Right. We have, we have, we have sewers. We have sanitation. Right. Okay. So I mean, you see the chart coming down here and then the vaccines start occurring here and yeah, the tail goes out and we, you know, vaccines may have eradicated some of these disease. I don't, I don't deny that. But the, the main thing is we, you know, we actually improve sanitation. And what we are ignoring now is treatment. And that came out with COVID. It's like, I mean, I couldn't, you know, the reason I got into this is I'm chairman of Homeland Security. I'm the only guy holding hearings on this stuff. 'cause none of this stuff makes sense. It's like, why are, why are they just pilling something like hydroxychloroquine? I mean, if it works, give it a shot. I mean, what, what's the harm? It's incredibly safe. Ivermectin.

(1h 24m 25s):
But that was completely sabotaged all for the purpose of forcing this, this injection what they called a vaccine on everybody as, as a solution. Why, why aren't we talking about treating disease measles? Why aren't we focusing on treatment? Again, I'm, I'm telling these doctors generally a very treatable disease, just about any disease can kill you. Okay. But a lot of diseases can be treated. We ought to be focusing a lot more from my standpoint on treatment as opposed to loading up our children, our infants with dozens and dozens of doses and not even asking the question. So, okay, have these been thoroughly tested?

(1h 25m 7s):
I mean, is have we tested giving multiple vaccines at the same dose? I mean, every time you put a vaccine in somebody's arm, you, you're messing with their immune system. Why do we have all these autoimmune diseases nowadays? You know, what is causing autism? I mean, again, we're just not able to ask the question because to get back to my witness in that last event is they don't wanna know. And they attack anyone who asks, including you And I, I mean, watching what's happened to you has really been the greatest of all wake up calls for me. Because I would say of the senators I know, which is most of them, you're like the most temperamentally, moderate and accountant number based, like not a wild eye radical at all.

(1h 25m 48s):
At all. And there are some crazy people in the Congress. You're not, you're the opposite. You like budgets and stuff. So if they're calling you a wacko, they discredit themselves that, that's just as an observer, my observation. But again, but that's what they do. You know, so, so during COVID, I, quick story here. I was, I was on a telephone town hall, and this is when Omicron was ramping up. Yes. And this is already, by the time we've, we've got a partisan split on COVID, right? I mean, Republicans don't wear masks. Democrats do you know, Republicans aren't freaked out by it. Democrats are, but again, I'm talking to these doctors. I, I know they were very concerned for the, for example, on Delta, that variant, it was more difficult to treat.

(1h 26m 29s):
They had to like double and triple the dose of Ivermectin to have it actually be effective. So, you know, nobody knew what was gonna happen with, with Omicron. I think people were thinking it looked like it was gonna be more mild. I'm on a telephone town hall with my constituents probably a couple thousand and say, listen, take this seriously. You know, COVID can still be a deadly disease. Yeah. So whether you're vaccinated or not vaccinated, you know, there are things you can do. Vitamin D you know, you can gargle, you know, that helps reduce the viral load. Within 10 minutes, my comms team were getting contacted by national news outlets saying, what's this? That we're hearing that Johnson's saying that list stream will replace a vaccine. Now, of course I said nothing of the kind.

(1h 27m 10s):
I just said, you know, there are things you can do to help protect yourself. You know, and they actually went so far as to go up to the governor of, I guess it was New Hampshire knocked on his door, Republican governor and said, Hey, what do you think about this wacko republican? Andrew says that vaccines can, or Listerine can replace the vaccines. Said, well, when batshit crazy knocks on your door, slam the door in his face. I mean, that was the, so again, what they Was, that was what Nu said, yeah. What they do, what they do. One of the worst people ever attempt politics, What they do is they discredit people. So then once they've done that, you know, whether as falsely as they discredit you, now you're discredited. So now, next time, next thing that comes up that is true, that you're talking about things.

(1h 27m 52s):
Oh, this guy, he's thoroughly discredited. This guy's discredited, he's Discredited. He thinks Listerine is there. That is, that is what they do. Just like, you know, the CIA used the conspiracy theorist just call somebody conspiracy theorists and they don't have to listen to 'em anymore. This guy's obviously a nut case. So No, I, I've, I've lived this up close and personal. The Problem is that it does, it does make everyone into a nihilist. It's, it's happened to me. I've tried and fight it. It's like, it, it feels like everything's a lie. So you don't believe anything and you know, you just like, don't go to the doctor, for example, which is where I am. Or I know a lot of people like that. And that's, you know, you should probably go to the doctor. I mean, you know, get a checkup, that's okay. But they so devalued their own currency.

(1h 28m 33s):
They've so discredited themselves through lying and just the most evil kind of like blaming you for their problems. That it's, I dunno, it's had all these effects on our society that I don't think we've even grappled with. Well, I try and tell established members of the medical profession that they ought to be concerned that a very large percentage of American people simply don't trust them anymore. That's like at all. And that's not good. That's not good. You know? Well, I think they're Evil by way. When I, I was, when I was chairman of the European subcommittee and Foreign Relations, we had, I think Gary Kasparov come in and talking about Russian disinformation. Yeah. And I thought it was interesting 'cause it's, they're not, Russia is not trying to convince you of something with their disinformation.

(1h 29m 15s):
They just want people not to trust anything. That is the whole purpose of their disinformation. Well, I feel Like Albert Borla did more to achieve that in the United States, the head of Pfizer than like any Russian ever could. You know, Joe Biden did that. Susan Rice did that. I mean all these people, they just lie right to your face. Yeah. And there's no recourse. So is there even conceivably a chance that Congress would repeal the protections that the vaccine makers enjoy? That would probably be a stretch. Then. Can I ask this? Where's the trial bar on this? The trial bar has kind of like wrecked America by encouraging lawsuits for like the most frivolous possible.

(1h 29m 56s):
I could suit all the time by people. Like, I don't like what you said, I'm suing you and you have to deal with it. They come to your house process servers. But, and that's because the trial bar has gotten rich from this, from them. Tobacco, asbestos, all these shakedown, these totally fake moneymaking operations that the Morgan and Morgan the ambulance chasing and all that. Why aren't they pushing for the repeal of the protections that vaccine makers uniquely enjoy? That, that's a really good question. Yeah. You know, so as, as somebody from the private sector, I avoided lawyers in the judicial process like a play. Me too. So it's not, you know, I'm, I'm not overly enthused about saying, but we need to expose vaccines to that check and balance.

(1h 30m 40s):
Okay. And we do, I would say we have to, we have to cap awards. I mean, there's gotta be something to I agree. Because we, because we do need pharmaceutical companies. You know, I want those lifesaving new drugs. You Can't be a pinata party for lawyers. No, I agree. But it's gotta be based on solid science. And that's why I, I really think the root cause, I mean, the thing that Bobby Kennedy must address is we have to restore integrity to science. You know, this is, you know, Eisenhower warned us about this. And is farewell addressed? Yes. Doesn't give as much coverage, but public financing of science and research would lead to a scientific intent, technological elite, to drive public policy. I would view that you corrupted. So when you pay for science, you get the result you want. Whether it's climate change, whether it's vaccines, whether it's, you know, drugs and, and that type of thing.

(1h 31m 25s):
We need to restore integrity. You know, peer review is a joke. Peer reviewers are basically volunteering. So you'll get peer reviewers who might have a different paper themselves and they just discredit that. So what is truth? So you have to restore integrity of science. There's gotta be like, everybody from opposing sites have to be at the table. You've gotta make your data available. You'll, some of these studies are published. Nobody gets to see the data. So that I think is, is the first step that Bobby has to accomplish is try and restore integrity. You know, particularly for government funded science. Well, you tried the other day to raise science-based questions about a pivotal event in American history 24 years ago, nine 11.

(1h 32m 9s):
And you asked a question that I think any honest person would ask, like, building seven was never hit by a plane. Why did it fall down in exactly the same way the first two towers did? That shouldn't be verboten. So you asked that question. I wanna read the response from a Republican in the house, a new member called Mike Lawler, a guest from New York. And he said this, I don't know if you know him, you probably don't. He just got there, quote, Senator Johnson should stop pedaling conspiracy theories about the worst terrorist attack in our nation's history. And one that forever altered the lives of so many of my fellow New Yorkers. Crap like this, dishonors and disrespects the innocent lives, lost our brave first responders and all families and survivors who still carry the pain of nine 11 each and every day.

(1h 32m 55s):
So I think Lawler was like in high school when nine 11 happened. He doesn't really seem to represent New York anyway, but whatever the point is, why would he attack you personally for asking like the most obvious question ever one rooted in science, which is how did this happen? Like what is that? I don't sure hurt my feelings though. I know you don't care. So, but I just thought why Mike Lawler, who literally just got there. Well, what's got a lot of problems in New York? Why is he mad at you for asking that? What's you think he would want You to ask? What is so off base about that is the only reason I'm looking at this is because the then chairman of the subcommittee investigation, now I'm chair, but you know, Senator Blumenthal, he, he wanted do this investigation on Saudi's negotiation with PGA and you know, he's doing, 'cause he is from Connecticut and got nine 11 families, they wanna know what Saudi involvement was.

(1h 33m 46s):
Yes. Fair. I I I didn't agree with that. I thought that this is a private sector negotiation, you know, let them take care of that. Okay. But he did it anyway. So leading up to a pretty well publicized hearing, I started getting nine 11 family members see me in the hallway. They, they would literally in the hallway in Congress and they would have a heavily redacted document they got from the FBI in terms of what Saudi's, the Saudi involvement was in nine 11. What we knew. And they, they asked me, can you please get this unredacted? We, we wanna know what the government knows about these things. Now this is 20 some years after nine 11, it's probably about time. So in the hearing, you know, I asked Senator Blumenthal, would you join me in requesting from the Biden administration this information from the nine 11 family.

(1h 34m 33s):
So he never, so the, the well he had to, but the bottom line is, I got down this road because the nine 11 families want to know the answer. And once I opened up that inquiry, now I start getting all kinds of information ask. And I, And I have, do you say things still redacted from nine 11? It was 24 years ago. It changed this country completely. Every American has, I mean, lawler's right? In the sense that it really affected every American. Why would our government continue to lie about it? I can't answer the question. All I can say is it raises my suspicion. Yeah. And then when you start gaining again, I'm, I'm, I'm just as prone to everybody else going though that that's wacko.

(1h 35m 17s):
Yeah, yeah, me too. You know, so, but then you start getting the information and you start going, wow, is that weird? You know, building, building number seven, you see it come down and, and we've all watched 'cause it's cool to watch, you know, these buildings being demolished, boom. Just, you know, free fall. Well, the only way that happens is if you remove all of their supports at the same time, you blow 'em all out so that a building can really free fall if, if it's collapsing some something else. It's like, you know, you, you build like a fire and it collapses off to the side or something. Right? So that was pretty strange. But you know, the, the more, the more documentaries I look at this stuff, the more information I receive.

(1h 35m 60s):
You talk to guys like Richard Gage, the head of the architects for nine 11 Truth. They feed you information and you start asking a lot of questions and you just realize there's, there's a lot here that simply has not been answered. And you know, the firefighters wanna know. I mean, we, there was never a steel structure building that ever collapsed because of a fire. Just, it's just, Well, especially building seven. Well, you don't get a lot of buildings that, you know, commercial airliners run into. So you be like, well, who knows? You're right. But building seven was not hit by anything. It's actually quite a distance from the other towers. It's not right next door, it's hundreds of yards away I think.

(1h 36m 40s):
And debris hit it and it caught fire. And then the whole thing collapsed as we saw on camera. That was not even included in the nine 11 report. There's no mention of building seven. It's like, anyway, the point is, And then you know, you also, you also have people because they never explored explosions. But they are, you know, a guy named Graham McQueen researched this. He dug up, you know, footage filmed at ground zero, a hundred fifty six witnesses. You know, first responders saying they heard explosions before the buildings came down. So what is, I mean, there, trust me, there are a lot of unanswered questions. I mean things that you just can't explain that. So I'm, I'm not sure where it goes.

(1h 37m 21s):
I know you had Kurt Weldon on Yeah. He, he's he's got a lot of information on kind of the before and after. Yes. Because he's connected to the firefighting community. The firefighters want to know. So there there are, there are some very legitimate questions. A lot of 'em that remain unanswered. All, all swept under the rug. I mean, they, they were, and you, you look at this news, reporters were talking about explosions by the next day. Nobody was th there there is, there's a lot of, there's a lot of power. So I'm, I'm interested in your evolution on this. So you said before Blumenthal, your colleagues, Senator Blumenthal from Connecticut raised, kind of raised this in a different way.

(1h 38m 6s):
You were not, I wondering what happened to building seven? No, Never. Don't think I ever, ever heard of it. Really? Yeah. I I figured the Twin Towers came down. Again, I'm not a New Yorker, you know this. Yeah. It, it affected all of us. We all saw them come down. We said the world has changed. Yes. This changed the world. And it did. Oh, more than any other event In my life. Not, not for the Better. No, not at all. Okay. This is, this is a seminal event in our, our lifetime. And the, the fact that there's so many unanswered questions that the Bush administration was so resistant to even a nine 11 commission, that the commissioners claim that it was set up to fail. That you've got a Bob Carrey who's, you know, since passed, said, this is a 30 year conspiracy. It's, I mean, I could go, I could go on Senator Senator Carey said that.

(1h 38m 48s):
Yeah. Of Nebraska. Yeah. The comment, comment, receive A medal of honor in Vietnam, by the way. He's kind of walking away and go, this is a th 30 year conspiracy. Well, what do you mean by that? No, nobody ever found out. So again, that's, I'm just throwing out little snippets. But as I said, it's, it's, it's, it's amazing the questions that you see, the legitimate questions that have been raised that remain unanswered. That's all, that's all I can say. Right. All I have is questions Right now. I, I don't have any answers. I get it. But I, I just, I feel exactly the same way. I have no clue. I have no theory of everything in this at all. But my question is, you just came at this cold though. Yeah, no, this was not something that I was, you know, hankering to, to delve into One of the Questions.

(1h 39m 30s):
No, it's kinda, it's kinda like Bobby Kennedy, how he got involved in childhood vaccines. Yes. He was giving all these speeches on the environment and all these moms would show up with their t-shirts and, you know, he kept him at bay quite some time till one of the moms found out where he lived, came with him a, came to his house with a stack of science, which he knew how to read because he was an environmental lawyer and said, I'm not gonna leave till you read this. And to his credit, he sat down and read it and further to his credits, once he read it, he couldn't, you know, once his eyes were open, he couldn't, he couldn't close them as, as much as he probably wanted to, as much as he realized the moras he was stepping into. I, I can't close my eyes. I can't. And, and, you know, particularly with childhood vaccine issues, it's bad enough for the COVID vax.

(1h 40m 11s):
I mean, I, you know, yes. The Ernest Ramirez, you know, lost his son. It, I mean, just, it's just heartbreaking. I mean these, the Facebook dissolving these groups that were the only lifeline for some of these vaccine injured and they started committing suicide afterwards. 'cause they lost that connection that they didn't have before these groups. But you, I mean, you look at the, the documentary just Vaxxed and you see these parents had a, and they have the video of a perfectly normal child and they take them in for a well visit. So they get a vaccine that night. They spike a fever, have a seizure. Now they got a 26-year-old son who is extremely autistic.

(1h 40m 52s):
Can't verbalize acts up as re I mean it's just, it's horrible. And you see the stats where you go from you, it is hard to verify the 10,001, but I mean, we know by Cs, C's own, you know, hundreds to one to now 30 something to one. What's by the way, while they've actually narrowed the de definition of autism, they, they didn't expand it. They narrowed it. What's causing that? And you know, when after the, the makers of Vaxxed went on a road trip with a, with a bus premiering this thing and other parents would come up to the bus bus. And so they started videotaping their stories and they got something like 10,000 stories of parents almost identical.

(1h 41m 39s):
It's like perfectly normal child. Got the video to prove it go in, you know, within that night or within days, or you start looking at the increase in SIDS versus the increase of the, you know, vaccine schedule. Again, I, I'm not a doctor, not a medical researcher. My eyes have just been opened up to how so much true. So much information, so many questions is probably the best way to put it, who've just been suppressed. You, you can't even ask them. Anybody who does gets marginalized, vilified, discredited. And that's, that's how they, that's how they battle this. They don't battle it with the truth. They don't, you know, in my public events. So I, I always invited the, the federal officials.

(1h 42m 20s):
I always invited the executives from the big pharma, you know, come in and defend yourself. This is an open forum. I'll, I'll give you plenty of time. I'll be very fair, you know, speak your peace. I I want to hear from you. They won't do it. They, they, they will. I mean, Peter Hotez famously, you know, mi mr. Vaccine pusher gets offered what was final offer, two point some million dollars, sit down and argue with not a doctor, a lawyer. Yeah. You know, just will debate RFK junior. No. And he wouldn't even do it. What does that tell you? Of Course he's just calling people names. So ba just back to nine 11 for a minute. You never really thought about it. Like most people Me too. I yelled at anyone who ask questions about it myself.

(1h 43m 1s):
So I, I'm sympathetic actually in some ways to people who don't wanna hear it. But now that you've looked into it and you said you don't have a coherent theory as to what it was, but you've got a lot of questions. Which questions trouble you the most? Well, it starts with building seven. Yes. Where you look at that and it just, yeah, I mean this, this is really weird, you know, it, it does come down just like a, you know, billing demolition type of project. You, you, you get a documentary of this Alaskan structural engineering professor that does a four year study on it pretty well debunks, NIST analysis. And again, you don't have to be a structural engineer to say this doesn't, this really doesn't make sense when you start putting together at what temperature steel melts.

(1h 43m 51s):
They had molten steel in the, the Twin Towers, and I'm not sure we had it number seven, but if, if one column that said one column expanded went off kilter and that's what brought the whole thing down, well it wouldn't come down. So symmetrically you wouldn't have a free fall. Then you get deeper into it. And, you know, there was a, I think his name was Barry Jennings. He was there, went up there, they'd already cleared out building seven even though he went up there to their command center and somebody could get out of there. It was predict, I mean, literally predicted to come down, even though again, a, a steel structured building had never collapsed due to fire because they're protected that way.

(1h 44m 33s):
He heard explosions, he had to got down to the sixth flight, the sixth floor, and had to go back up to eight because something had been blown out. And again, what, you know, what caused The building was not hit by an airplane. No, I mean, they, they did. It was damaged. But even this says, you know, not significant damage by the, the twin Towers falling. So again, there's just so many things. I mean, you could spend quite some time, I mean, I mean, the ash con contains re residual of both burnt and unburnt thermite, which is used to, to demolish buildings and it's military grade. And there's nanoparticle thermite. And you know, we have all these, these, these metal spheres that you, you only get these iron spheres with extreme temperatures.

(1h 45m 16s):
And again, jet fuel burns at below, I think a thousand degrees of Fahrenheit. And again, nothing's adding up. I mean, eng, you know, just structurally just basic engineering, basic physics doesn't make sense. So I, I would like to, you know, this took years to conclude, conclude the report to just a lay person. It doesn't make sense, particularly when you listen to the, you know, structural engineering professor just, you know, nuke the, the explanation they com they never looked at a plausibility of some kind of controlled demolition. They, they never put in their report all these reports of people saying there were explosions. And there's just so much ignored, I mean, the fact the Bush administration dragged their feet obstructed setting up a, a nine 11 commission.

(1h 46m 5s):
Again, I, I could go on and on and on and on. I, I don't have any answers. I just have a, a, a host of questions Then. If you were upset, if you were Congressman Mike Lawler and you were upset that someone was a conspiracy theorist, and if you were sincerely bothered by that, by conspiracy theories would, okay, I understand that. The, then you would know, the only way to end a conspiracy theory is with a, an explanation that makes sense. Why is there no effort to provide one? Why isn't there a study, a government study of building seven and just let's put this stuff to rest, like defeat it with the truth. Why isn't there? My guess is because they are very effective at marginalizing and discrediting anybody who even asked the questions.

(1h 46m 49s):
But Why would they wanna hide the truth? I, you'd have to know exactly what they're trying to hide to be able to answer that question. I can't Of all issues for Mike Lawler to be upset about this one, it's really caught my eye. Like, why do you, why are you mad about it? Again, you just got there and you're attacking a, you know, a senior senator who's like thoughtful and sober and asking totally real questions. Who are you covering for? Exactly. Mike Lawler. And, And by the way, it wasn't like I went out of my way and had an interview just on this, I mean, right. No, I, I was asked a question, probably wandered into a space I maybe shouldn't have wandered into. But again, I was just describing all the ways the federal government has lied to us.

(1h 47m 30s):
Yes. And you know, I, I've been, yeah, Part of the federal government, By the way, I've been tired by the FBI's Misinformation campaign on Hunter Biden's computer. I mean, I've, you know, they've given me BS briefings to, to throw me off the trail. So I've seen this. I, you know, again, I didn't run for the US Senate because I wanted to get involved in investigations. I ran because we were more junior kids' future, because I knew Obama Obamacare wouldn't work. But you come become chairman of Homeland Security, you have within, immediately you've got the Hillary Clinton email scandal that's in our community's jurisdiction, federal records plus where the oversight committee. So you start doing those investigation and just one investigation just more than another, the same cast of characters, the FBI that wrote the exoneration memo for James Comey tra transferring Crossfire hurricane to, you know, the group that, you know, Finman and, and the, the impeachment inquiry of, of Trump.

(1h 48m 25s):
I mean, you just see it all and, and your eyes are opened up to the total corruption of these federal government agencies. And you realize we've just been lied to over and over and over and over again throughout history. At least, you know, history that's recent in, in my past. I wonder why you haven't just ignored it like everybody else. I, I met you right in early 2011, right? Almost 15 years ago when you, when you first got there, you're a business guy from Wisconsin, very closely divided state. You didn't win by a huge margin. You never have won by, you never won by 30 points. So, you know, whenever you talk about something in public, you're taking a bigger risk than say the senator from Utah or South Dakota because you could lose an election.

(1h 49m 8s):
I never in a million years thought you of all people would be the guy to like ask questions about nine 11 or the VAX or January 6th and a whole bunch of other issues. And yet you have been the only guy in a lot of cases to ask those questions. Why, why are you doing this? Wouldn't it just be easier to talk about tax reform or something? Well, I would ask you the same question. You know, why, why have you been so instrumental in broadening the Overton window on some of these things? And of course, over there windows is, is all, is all about this is what you can discuss without threat or without, you know, risk. And, but you gotta go beyond that. So because I was part of the coverup And I feel guilty about it, that's why, and I'm trying to atone for my previous sense.

(1h 49m 52s):
That's the real reason In my case, I, I have a responsibility. Yeah. You know, I was chairman of the Senate oversight committee. So again, you start there. Hillary Clinton has this email scandal. Well, that's my committee's jurisdiction that has to be investigated. I can't, I can't turn a blind's eye toward that. And then like Bobby Kennedy, once your eyes op eyes are open to this, you also can't turn a blind's eye. But, but I think it's just the empathy you have for then the vaccine injured. Again, I didn't reach out to them, you know, because I was holding hearings because nobody else was on early treatment. When I sail the chairmanship, people start reaching out to you and then you become aware of these people that are completely being gaslit or being ignored. I mean, I, I could not believe in that Milwaukee event I held in June, 2021, where I met Brianne Dresen and Maddie de Gary and, and other vaccine injured Cheryl Rutgers.

(1h 50m 42s):
Again, I was hoping there would be some measure of sympathy expressed by the news media. They, they, they would ask them their stories. You know, tell, tell us about your experience. Now, the first question was, Hey Ken, Russ, you, you just wanna try and make money off of a lawsuit here? Is that why you're doing this? So you, you develop, you dev develop an empathy for these people. And then, you know, listen, I'm not a New Yorker. I, I wasn't impacted anymore than the world was by nine 11. Not anywhere like the firefighters who lost their loved ones or, or the nine 11 families. But then they come up to you and they're literally begging you. Please, I just, I I want some closure here. I I wanna know what happened. The, the government's not being honest.

(1h 51m 22s):
You combine that with the fact that I know the government just fricking lies to their teeth to the American public all the time. Which is outrageous. It is outrageous. Okay. So, you know, my eyes are opened. Somebody's gotta do it. I actually have responsibility to do it. Now I'm chairman of the permanent subcommittee investigations. That, that, that's responsibility. Now you have to pick your targets. I've always said I'm, I'm like a mosquito in a nudist colony. It's a target rich environment. Yes. But I guess I'm focusing on the things where there are legitimate questions by Americans who are grieving, who are being, who are suffering because they don't have an answer because their vaccine injuries aren't being taken seriously.

(1h 52m 5s):
So we're not providing the research for it. So they are not getting treatment. They can't be helped. So I I you take up their cause 'cause nobody else is doing it and you have responsibility to take up that cause. So, no, I mean, my life would be a whole lot easier if I just ignored this stuff. But yeah. What do your colleagues think? It's such a rebuke. I know you like them and they like you and I'm not trying to cause you any problems, but kind of a rebuke to them. It's like the vaccine injured show up at their offices too. Yeah, that was actually, I, I encourage the vaccine to go. 'cause I, you know, I like my colleagues. It's collegiate place. Yeah. You know, they're, you know, so I said, show, show up, you know, re request and be pretty insistent.

(1h 52m 47s):
Meet with a sender, meet with your house members, whatever, in so many ca So they showed up in mass And I really felt bad afterwards. 'cause they were treated horribly in many cases. Seriously? Yeah. Horribly rudely staff when met with him, treat him rudely. It was, it was, it was not a good experience for the vaccine injury. I, again, I, I didn't, I didn't witness it. I just heard the stories. I felt, all I can say is I felt terrible having encouraged them to do that. And it ended up being such a bust and such a negative experience in so many cases. And their Only crime was following instructions from the US Congress and the executive brand. Just like doing what they were told to do. Yeah. I mean, they were accused by the, the most absurd charge level at them.

(1h 53m 29s):
They were anti-vax. I mean, Maddie de Gary, her mother signed her up for the trial. Brianne Dressen, she signed up for the AstraZeneca trial trial. And what happened to them? Well, Brion dress, And I mean close, close to suicide. I mean, she, she, she couldn't be touched. I mean, she was sensitive to light. She has all these neurological problems, man. Manny Deger has a feeding tube. She was in a wheelchair. I mean, her mean, and, and in her case, the the drug company said that she has a, a, a stomach ache, basically. That that's how they reported it to their government reporting. That this girl who'd been in the hospital, you know, dozens of times, her, her, you know, her young life.

(1h 54m 12s):
I won't say it's over, but it's not normal anymore. No. The, these people suffered horrible industries. I mean, Ernest, Ernesto Ramirez, single parent, this is this, his son, I think 16-year-old son, somewhere around that age, it's his life died suddenly. Boom. And you just heard again, you saw that so many times and it's, and it's still, it's still being covered up because nobody wants to admit it. I mean, if you're a doctor and you push this or recommend it to your patients, you, you don't want to know that something you recommended or push on your patients might have killed them or resulted in permanent industry members of Congress who cut videos, you know, get the, that, you know, our federal health officials, the news media who relentlessly, okay, I mean, Stephen Colbert, you think he'll ever admit to vaccine injuries after he does his little skits with the little, you know, hypodermic needle, hypodermic needles in background.

(1h 55m 9s):
So, no, I mean that's the, the, the whole problem is there's, you've got an entire society that doesn't wanna admit they wrong, including people who got the injection that don't really want to think about it, just move on with their life. And by the way, to provide some comfort. I think they were definitely hot lots. I've, I've written oversight letters on this. It looks like probably about 5% of the 4% of the injections created about 80% of the adverse events. I I can't remember the exact percentages, but really? Oh yeah, no. And so I write to the CDC that don't re reply, reply back, but it's just, to me, manufacturing, this is a process outta control. I mean, you've got, you really do, I mean, I, I don't have the stats right with me, but it's obviously there were hot lots here, which, which should provide some people comfort.

(1h 55m 52s):
I think about 75% of the vaccine, lots, very few adverse events associated with it all. You know, I won't speculate why, but there are hot lots. But you write about 'em, you lay out all the stats and the response they get from the CC is we don't see any hot lots. We don't, we don't see, it's just like, we don't see a safety signal. Well, if you're not looking for it, you're not gonna see a safety signal. But these People were in charge of public health. They're supposed to care. You know, they're, they're, they were, they were fully vested in this v in this injection. This was the solution. They pushed it, they ignored the s safety surveillance, I mean the, the vs safe system.

(1h 56m 32s):
This was set up specifically to track the safety of the COVID injection. 10 million people volunteered on this, on their mobile device. Now, the questions they asked were pretty mild. It, they really weren't designed to really expose serious adverse events. You know, they had a list of kind of mild symptoms, you know, irritation in the arm, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. The, the, the, the second part was a little bit more serious. Did you lose a day of work or school? Did you seek medical care that that's as serious as it got? Okay. But the results were shocking and even more shocking. They hid it from the public for two years. It took Aaron Siri two years suing the government to release the results of the online mobile application vs.

(1h 57m 18s):
Safe data. The results were 25% of the people, of the 10 million people, 25% lost a day of work or school because their adverse event was, you know, they felt bad enough, 25%, 25%, 8%, I think 7.8% sought medical care. And I think more than a majority, two or three times, that's, that's a reasonably, yeah. 'cause I know people with adverse events that suffered and they never sought in medical care. So well get over it. You know, of course. That's what the officials told us. So, oh, that just shows you it's effective. Your arms burning up, you know, you, you're numb. You can't, you can't, you know, you can't walk. Well, that, that's just, it's working.

(1h 57m 58s):
Surprised To Make you sick. It's, it's medicine. So Well, you remain cheerful and single-minded and I think underrated in many ways as US Center. So I'm grateful that you spent all this time. Thank you. Well, thank you. And again, I, I've been watching you, you know, I appreciate what you've done, the risks you've taken in your career. I mean, all the issues, you know, going to Russia, questioning what happened on, on January 6th, I mean, all these things. I mean, you, you are, and this is important. You, you are expanding the Overton window. You are, you are helping expand what is can be talked about and the harm done.

(1h 58m 45s):
Because we haven't even been able to ask some of these questions. We haven't been able to discuss this. You know, we, we, we haven't had the type of debate that, that we should have in this country. You, you're, you're a big part of that. And I, I, I thank you for what you've done. It's been easy and fun. But I appreciate it. Thank you, Senator. Thank you. We wanna thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it, good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell So you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter, telling the truth. Always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell.

(1h 59m 29s):
We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.