
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors, hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed, or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


So the Joe Biden has, it turns out Joe Biden has metastatic bone bone cancer. I saw that. And of course, you know, every urologist in the world immediately knows this is a lie. He's known for years because a PSA test shows, and this is a very slow growing cancer, and now it sounds like it's terminal. And so for 10 years, his doctors have known that he has this, and they've lied to us about it. And everyone's mad at Joe Biden. But then the other way to look at it is like, who kept that secret from the rest of us and who was actually running the government for those four years?


I think that's a big question. Right? But I mean, do you know Lindy Lee? No. You heard of Lindy Lee? No. She was, she was on the staff and, and she came on the show to, to talk about who was running the country. She said it was all the staffers, it was all the millennial staffers that were pretty much running the country and nobody was talking to each other. Everybody had their own agendas and yeah, I mean, pretty much like all the stuff that we already knew, but she just came on to confirm it and then switched sides. But I mean, that's like the opposite of democracy, right? I mean, yeah, I guess, I guess I vacillate between not being shocked at all.


I mean, of course, I mean, he was visibly demented, so why should we be surprised that he also, Hey, by the way, he has terminal bone cancer. But on the other hand, it's like, that is so not the system that we signed up for and that we participate in. Yeah, I mean, we didn't sign up for it, but we did. I mean, I look, I remember at the beginning of the election cycle when Fox News was going on and on about Joe Biden's cognitive ability. And, And I was like, ah, I mean, this is probably just over embellished, you know? And then I saw the first, Wait, were you watching Fox News again? This was, this was a long time ago.


But, but, but, but yeah, I was, I, I thought, 'cause I mean, I think all media, you know, obviously over embellishes and just flat out lies. And I was, I just thought, I was like, there's No way that this guy's that bad. And then the first presidential debate, I quit watching it 'cause I was like, holy shit, this guy legitimately cannot put a sentence together. I was like, they're, they're actually not over embellishing this. And it was on display for millions, the entire country, but still won the vote, supposedly. Right? I feel like an idiot for being shocked, because of course it's not a democracy.


Of course the system is rigged. It's fake because no matter who gets elected, no matter who gets elected, you get the same foreign policy, you get the same economic policy, and the Epstein videos remain secret. So like, that just shows you that our system has no effect on the actual system. Wait, what are you talking about? I thought we could all sleep well at night now knowing that Epstein legitimately killed himself. Right? What was that? Did that just come out? It just two guys that I really like. I mean, I, I love Bino, but he's a friend of mine. But So you, but you weren't convinced by that?


No. Why? I mean, just, I've dug into that and it's just so spooky. What's going on with that? And how nobody, nobody, I mean, how do you charge a guy with sex trafficking when there are no, there's no end users that have been charged who to do traffic to? Well, that's a great question. I don't know. You got me on that one. I Mean, right. How do, how do you charge him with that? If there's no, if there's no, I mean, there, if that's where the trail starts, where does it end? We haven't. So I, I think there's just a lot more going on than the majority of people know about.


What do you think that was? What do I think it was? Yeah, I think it was a blackmail operation. What do you think it was? I think it was a black male operation run by the CIA and the Israeli Intel services and, and probably others. You know, French intelligence always is a hand in everything I've noticed. So probably them two, you know. But they, the usual, you know, darkest forces in the world colluding to make rich and powerful people obey their agenda. I mean, look, though, I don't, I just, I don't understand why nobody has come out on it. Nobody has come out on it, right? I mean, because if you paint the scenario, I mean, you get on a jet, maybe, maybe you're totally innocent, you don't know what's going on.


Two hot women come out of the whatever stewardess place come out and one thing leads to another. Yes. I mean, and then, and then what happens? They go, oh, we got you. You're on camera. And by the way, these girls are 15 or 16, or whatever the hell they were. Right? And, but I mean, it's, yes. I mean, yes, you're a married guy is pretty fucked up that you're doing that. But I mean, it's nothing, nothing new under the sun. So why wouldn't you just scream, blackmail at the top of your lungs? Like, I didn't know this is what happened. And just come clean on it.


Why do you think? Because they're repeat customers. Yeah. Because they're so deeply implicated that they can't actually get out of It. Yeah, maybe not. I don't know. I mean, there's also the, at least in me, the growing sense that it's not just blackmail that makes people obey. It's not just bribery. It's also the threat of violence. Do you know anybody that's been threatened with violence? I think every US president has been threatened with violence implicitly because of the murder of John F. Kennedy. I've known a bunch of presidents, and I think every one of them understands that, you know, it's pretty obvious what happened there.


Or the outlines, you know, maybe not the details. And no one has, and to this day released all the files. And like, why is that? Because the message is really clear. You know, if you get too far outside the boundaries, like you could wind up like JFK who places The boundaries, Probably the same forces that murdered the sitting president in 1963. Do you know what I mean? Like, if you listen to the tape of Richard Nixon talking to the CI director in the Oval Office, no one else around, of course, is being taped. And Nixon knows that it's 'cause it's his taping system, but it's still his, like, he's no one, he has no expectation.


Anyone's gonna hear this when he brings up Kennedy's murder. He's the president. In fact, not only is he the president, he got, he's won by the biggest landslide in American history. He has a real mandate. And he's afraid, he's afraid even to talk in private to the CIA director about what that was. And he indicates like, I know what happened to Jack Kennedy and the CI director doesn't even respond. And the president doesn't have the balls to say, Hey son, I'm talking to you. You work for me. Like, I want, I want the files on this. Like, I knew Jack Kennedy who was murdered. He was shot in the head next to his wife in public, like the man died. I wanna know what happened here. He does not have the balls to say that to his own CI director.


Man, That's the level of fear that a, a murder like that, that's officially unsolved. But, you know, who's outline everyone really, a lot of people understand, like that's the fear that that inculcates. Do you think it runs that deep with everybody? I think if you're president, you're very aware of the physical risk of the job. Wouldn't you be? I mean, yeah. I mean, I think that goes without saying, but I mean, some of these guys on the, you know, lower levels, I mean, I, I don't know. It's just so sophisticated. I mean, and when you dive into it, it seems so sophisticated and having been a, you know, a small part in some of the Intel agencies, it, it's just not that I think people place give them a lot more credit than they deserve.


Oh, I Believe that. You know, and but isn't, so I, I think there's a thing also where it's just addiction to power. Yes. Then they're so fucking scared that they're gonna lose their power. And I mean, you see in every administration to include this one, people that are, you know, it's, it's, everybody wants to help the country, right? But everybody wants to help the country. They, they have their, their thing that they could do to help the country, and then they get placed in something they have no fucking business being in at all. They know there are better people to run that sector of the government, but hey, I'll, I'll take it 'cause I'm the best. No the fuck you're not, you're not the best. You know? And, and that, I saw that in this one and it really fucking pissed me off.


In which one? In, in the epstein. In, in, in, in this administration, there are people in there that I despise that I know don't know what the fuck they're doing. And they're In there. They're who Like Sebastian Gorka. It's hard to believe he works there. Why now? So why don't, why haven't you caught s Gorka Fever? Why don't you love Sebastian Gorka? Well, I'll tell you why. I mean, he blast, we were talking about the, the Sam Schu made interview with the Tesla Bomber. Yes. Last night, right? And everybody called me, oh, he Sean's a fucking CIA shill and he's an operative still and all this other shit. One, I was just a contractor over there.


But anyways, that's not the point. He came on. He, he posted this thing on Twitter saying with this guy Ryan Macbeth, who did this whole debunking my episode, right? And for whatever reason, he got pissed at me for doing that interview Gorka and posts the Ryan Macbeth little, I don't know, 10 minute clip that's debunking my, my interview. And Sebastian Gorka posts this thing on Twitter. I'll send you the thing, maybe you can overlay it on the screen. And he said something like, oh, he, he, he debunks another one.


Well, then later on, Ryan Macbeth does an apology video because the FBI actually came out and said, oh shit, the email on the, on the podcast, they didn't want to name the podcast, of course, but they email on the podcast. We have confirmed as being legit. As soon as they did that, Macbeth actually came out and did an apology video. And I was like, Hey, cool. Like Gorka, thank you. Go. Thank you for the apology. So I blasted Gorka on X and, and said, 'cause what is he in charge of now? I can't remember. He, he, Is it the National Security Council? I think he's in charge of scrolling Twitter.


I think that was his official, Supposedly his counterterrorism the counter-terrorism guy, right? And I'm like, oh, this is great. We got a guy that's running counter-terrorism for the entire fucking country. When, when, when the borders have been wide open for four years, we know there's at least a thousand terrorists within the country setting up cells. And this guy gets his information from an internet troll, Ryan Macbeth, who's already come out and, and apologized to me. And I'm like, oh, this is perfect. This is where Intel's gonna come from, from counter-terrorism. A guy that gets this information from Brian himself. If it makes you feel better, I mean, Gorka is not taken seriously by anyone who knows him.


I think including his wife and who's a very, who's a nice person for whatever it's worth. And I, I think his job literally is just to sit on the internet and like send, you know, fiery replies to people on XI mean, I don't think he actually has a job. Oh, well then I guess he's the perfect guy for the job. He really is. I assume there's someone else working on counter terrorism.


The people in charge want you to be weak. It's obvious, fat, weak, passive. Take your pills. Why do they want this? 'cause you'll be easier to control. No thanks. So our friends at Beam, which is a proud American company, understand that America can only be strong if its people are strong and they're working to make this a stronger country. They've got a new creatine product, creatines and amino acid produced by your body naturally. And it helps people stay mentally sharp and physically fit. So people like to mock creatine the people in charge, the people who want you to be weak, but it actually works. You know that 'cause a lot of people use it. And beam's, creatine can help improve your strength, your brain health, your longevity, while remaining completely free of sugar. And know this synthetic garbage that infest so much of what we eat, again, they don't talk about this much. A population that is strong, clear-minded, physically capable is a threat. But that doesn't mean you can't be all of those things you should be. So to celebrate Real American Strength Beam is offering up to 30% off their bestselling creatine for the next 48 hours, 30% off for the next 48 hours. Go to shop Beam dot com slash tucker. Use the code Tucker we would ask you at checkout. That's BEA m.com/tucker. Use the code tucker for up to 30%. Off Beam is built on the core values of integrity results no bs. We strongly recommend it.


Tucker says it best. Their credit card companies are ripping Americans off and enough is enough. This is Senator Roger Marshall of Kansas. Our legislation, the Credit Card Competition Act would help in the grip Visa and MasterCard have on us. Every time you use your credit card, they charge you a hidden fee called a swipe fee. And they've been raising it without even telling you. This hurts consumers and every small business owner. In fact, American families are paying $1,100 in hidden swipe fees each year. The fees Visa and MasterCard charge Americans are the highest in the world, double candidates and eight times more than Europe's. That's why I've taken an action. But I need your help to help get this passed. I'm asking you to call your senator today and demand they pass the Credit Card Competition Act Paid for by the Merchants Payments Coalition, not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee, www.merchantspaymentscoalition.com.


At XX XY Athletics, our lawyers told us not to talk about how Nike used a man to sell women's clothes and definitely don't talk about Nike's spineless leadership who won't stand up for girls' sports. Instead, our legal team advised us to focus this ad on how great XXXY athletics premium athletic wear is. Talk about how when people wear us, they love the quality and feel great knowing they're supporting a brand that stands up for American values and biological reality. So we told our annoying lawyers, fine, we won't talk about how Nike celebrated that idiot who wouldn't stand for the national anthem or how they used a man to sell sports bras. We'll just talk about using Code Tucker 20 for 20% off our premium athletic wear XXXY athletics only@thetruthfits.com.


So for, for people who missed it, which would include pretty much nobody, since it was the biggest story for sure that week, the guy who blew up his Tesla with himself inside outside Trump Tower. You got his manifesto. Can you just give us a refresher on what that said? Yeah, so little rusty on it. But in the manifesto, he, he had basically sent this guy Sam Schu made, who was an army intel guy, a manifesto, and said that he wanted to come on the Sean Ryan Show podcast to talk about all these things.


And then he goes into, this was right about the time that the New Jersey drone situation was going on that nobody, you know, could tell us what that was. And he, he had mentioned that we have some type of antic propulsion systems that had been, that had not been declassified and that China has something similar and this would, this would cause World War iii. And then there's another paragraph that talks about, there was a, a major offensive in Afghanistan several years ago where they, they basically wiped out a heroin plant and used a lot of air power to do it.


It it sounds like a j there was a J tac and a small team of special ops and they had bombed all of these different little facilities going on killed, probably killed a lot of innocent people. And that's actually 'cause 'cause when we looked into it, I was like, ah, I don't know this antigravitics shit, this kind of weird, you know, I mean there's a lot of chatter about it on the internet like we had talked about last night. But I, you know, I don't know. I I kind of think now that that's all just a big distraction. But when we looked into the, to the whatever you want to call 'em, but for lack of a better term, war crimes, I don't know about the operation, right? I mean, I'm not saying we should have or should not have bombed that facility.


I mean obviously it's bad and it's a major money maker for terrorist organizations. But when we dug into it, there was a UN report that talked about that specific night and that the UN had, I believe, did they open investigation? I think they opened an investigation on it because it was against, I don't know if it was Geneva Convention or, or what it was, but you could not bomb drug factories with civilians in it. And so it had talked about, you know, how many targets and people in innocence were killed. And I was like, oh, so this, this actually lines up with what this guy's saying on the email, which, you know, maybe, maybe not gives, gives, you know, the previous thing that we were talking about, a little more validity.


So anyways, so yeah, I got, what was the question? What was that? So you, it sounds like you take the manifestos here, So you think it's real. The guy actually wrote it. Well then, you know, then the other weird thing that gave it a lot of validity is 'cause we, so when that interview came, popped up on my radar, walked in to the studio, getting ready to interview somebody, Jeremy, my producer comes to me and says, Hey, we got a guy on this Tesla bomber thing. And I'm like, I don't know, man. We Get a thousands and thousands and thousands of emails of, of people that want to come clean on something or expose something and you know, probably 99% of it is bullshit.


And you know, it's just somebody looking through There Is a mental health crisis for sure. Yeah, definitely. But so I was really apprehensive to do it. And, and, and Jeremy was, was new at the time And I didn't a hundred percent trust him yet. And I was like, ah, he's like, I think Jeremy right, this guy right over here. And, but he was hell bent on it. And so we, we did a call with Sam and he didn't wanna come on. And when he didn't wanna come on, I was like, I like that. Okay. It's playing hard to get, all right. So he wanted to go visit his, a family member of his, and he is like, look, I just want to go hang out with this family member.


I don't want to be there. And I said, Hey, how, okay, look, we'll, we'll book you a flight here and book your flight to where you're going and this should only take a couple hours. And he was like, all right, well lemme think about it. And then got back when I was doing the interview and wanted to come on. Well, I get, so Jeremy tells me on a break, Hey, we've got him, he's gonna be here first thing in the morning. Well, I get done with the interview And I look at my phone and all these people are texting me about the interview I'm about to do. And they're like, Hey, you know, there's this, this DEA agent that was on the op and his name was actually listed in the email.


And they were like, he doesn't, he doesn't want his name to come out because he is still active. And I'm like, you know, I'm not, I'm not gonna burn somebody that's that's still active. And of course in undercover operations, I mean, that would, that could get him killed and, and, and his family killed. So I'm, I'm not gonna do that. I'm not gonna dabble in stuff that we're working on, but at the same time, it may be extremely paranoid. I'm like, how the hell does everybody know that I'm getting ready to do this? So then I'm, then I'm thinking all my f all the people that are texting me are controlled assets or something.


And then we had a, we had another friend of mine sent me a text and he says, Hey, this, the Army's public affair officer wants to talk to you about tomorrow's interview. And I called him just to clear up and stuff. Yeah, I called him up and reamed his ass. And I'm like, why the fuck are you texting me this shit? If the Army PAO wants to Get a hold of me? I've got a website, I've got social, I've got all these things that he can Get a hold of me at, and why is he using you to get to me and why have you inserted your shit yourself into, into my business? And 'cause you know, I mean, I'm sure you get it. I mean this, this, when you're uncovering some of this stuff, it, it can cause some extreme paranoia on who your friends are and what their motivations are and who's flipped.


And, and so I wouldn't talk to 'em, I I said, I'm not talking to 'em, but I'll pass the number to my attorney and, and Jeremy and they can talk to 'em. And then when they talk to 'em, they, they wanted to kind of place it on PTSD, which wound up being the ultimate narrative from the mainstream media, right. PTSD, It being the, the motive for killing himself Outside. Yeah, I mean, I think that they used PT they, they used PTSD to, to basically insinuate that he is a crazy person. But I mean, pretty much everybody I know and have worked with all my former colleagues, I mean, we all have that And I mean, I'm not gonna say we're not crazy, but, but not crazy like that.


I mean, it's, it's just a condition and he can get over it. And, and he wasn't crazy. I mean, he obviously wanted to send some type of a message. I mean, you got a, a Green Beret with a full career in special operations, definitely knows demolition. And there is No way in hell that a, that a lifelong Green Beret would put a bomb inside of a bulletproof truck to take out Trump Tower, kill a bunch of people. I mean, it was obviously he just wanted to get some attention and get whatever the message that he was trying to get out, out.


And so that's what I think I don't, we could have Just tweeted about it, you know, he didn't have to kill himself. So that's a pretty extreme, pretty extreme thing. Yeah. Most, most extreme thing possible. What do you think his motive really was? Like I said, I don't, I I think he wanted to bring attention to the topics that he had and the Anti-gravity, The anti technology tic propulsion system. And, and, and we looked into that and all we could find is sci-fi shit. But Do you think any of it's real, I mean, you've interviewed people, in fact, the first show I ever saw of yours was with a building contractor who said he ran across anti-gravity technology in a military facility.


Do I think anti propulsion systems are real? Yeah, I don't know. I mean, Do you think there are significant technologies next generation energy anti-gravity that the US government has? Oh, a hundred percent. I mean, we just, yes, I do. I I think that all this alien extra terrestrial shit, I mean, it's fun to dig down there, but I mean, I think it's a big distraction. I don't know if it's meant to be some type of a controlled op, but I think it is, I think all this stuff is spiritual. That's what I think. Of course it is. I think all this stuff is spiritual, all these things that people are seeing and stuff.


I think, I think there's a spirituality component to it now that These are angels and demons or what Yeah, Pretty much. Yeah. And, and, and where was I going with this? And, and, and so to his anti propulsion systems, I mean, yeah, I think we, I mean, I would hope that we have shit that that is next generation stuff that's not, you know, the same shit we've been using since World War ii. Yeah. So the only real technological advances in 80 years are like the iPhone. Yeah. You Know? Yeah. And well, I mean, we have advances, like we just interviewed this guy Steve Quast, and do you know Steve Quast?


No. Holy shit. Fascinating guy. But he talks about how he talks about next generation energy and the fight that the utilities companies don't want us to have new energy. But anyways, what this guy does is he, he has a company called Space Built, I believe. And so he is, he has basically created a logistics company where instead of launching one satellite up, he, he can, which which he, he's, he says that's extremely expensive and sometimes they break and they're fragile and they have to make the satellites bulletproof, which is a ton of weight because they have to be able to, you know, withstand, you know, going through the atmosphere.


And so what he's done is he is building a logistics company where they don't have to make the satellites bulletproof. You can make 'em 10 times bigger than the satellites that we have. And you launch 'em up in sections and pack 'em safely so that they can make the trip without having all that extra weight to be bulletproof. And then his company would actually assemble those through laser robotics in space. And so what he, what he says is, is possible is, And I believe him, I mean, he is got a, he's got a, he's got the right background to be talking about this stuff. And so what he says we can do, and we already have the technology, is basically they would put these ginormous satellites up into orbit and they would be solar.


So you wouldn't, but they would, it would actually be a reliable renewable energy source because there's no clouds, there's no atmosphere, there's no air particles getting in the way to collect that radiation from the sun. It would convert it from solar into some type of a, a radio wave, and you could Beam it down into the, onto the earth to a, I can't remember what we called it, but it sounded like an antenna. So he basically put this antenna that receives as an energy, culture energy, and then, and then it would pump it back into the grid. Yeah. And you know, I I was just, but he, but so Like a solar farming space? Yes, yes. And I mean, he had talked about that and it's just like, man, like what?


Why this, this could be the answer. Yeah. I mean, we, we could make earth, I mean, I think Elon said, right, we could make Earth into a park. Was that him? And, but I mean, you could take out all the eyesore, all the huge solar farms that you see all over the country, the wind, the oil and gas, like, it, it could all be gone and you could do it this way. And Would you get green energy tax credits for it? I don't know. I think That that's kind of the goal here. I don't think it's actually to power civilization or keep the earth clean. I think it's, it's the tax credits drive all this stuff. It's just greed. It's the ugliest kind of greed. Yeah.


Yeah. But I mean, so anyways, you know, that's in Generation Power right there. And they said that China's building a nuclear power plant in space, and they're mining helium three off the, off the backside of the moon. And sounds like, I'm not terribly familiar with Helium three, but it sounds like that is, that's also next generation power that can, that can cool data centers, AI stuff and, and, and it would really take us to the next level of energy. But then he goes on to talk about how we're falling behind on from China with energy production.


Well, sure. So every, Everyone's a marketing major. I Think it's here, I think It's legitimately at our fingertips.


Data hawks are collecting your information. Anytime you visit a website, every time you go online, every time you create an account, you make an online purchase, your data is out there, and you have no control over who sees it or what they do with it. So it's only a matter of time until somebody tries to exploit these facts that you have no privacy at all. Use your information to steal your identity and maybe bankrupt you. It happens all the time. It's happened to friends of ours kids. And that's why we use Identity Guard. Identity Guard helps by giving you control. It monitors your most sensitive information for any signs of suspicious activity. If someone's trying to steal your identity, you know, right away, often before real damage can be done before you're on the hook for the money. So if in fact your identity is stolen, the expert team will work directly with banks, credit card bureaus, other institutions to fix the problem for you. So it's not the disaster you fear, it is while they handle the cleanup, you're backed by up to $5 million in identity theft insurance, which is a huge relief. Imagine waking up and finding out that someone in a foreign country is using your name and social security number to steal money from you. It happens all the time. So the team there is available 24 7 if you ever need help. There are no bots. There are no call centers offshore. It's based in the United States. They know exactly what you need. Somebody becomes a victim of identity theft about every six seconds constantly. So don't let the next one be you. Visit Identity Guard dot com slash talker for 30 days free, plus a special discount. If you want more sign up before this happens to you. Identity Guard dot com slash tucker.


They speak of darkness and danger, but totalitarian novels also give us hope, showing us how to defend our society from the horrors of tyranny. In Hillsdale College's free online course to totalitarian novels, Hillsdale President Larry Arnn teaches us lessons from classic novels like George Orwell's 1984 that are as relevant today as ever. Sign up now for Hillsdale College's free online course, totalitarian novels@tuckerforhillsdale.com. That's tucker for hillsdale.com.


Did you know you could invest in crypto through your retirement account? That's right. I iTrustCapital allows Americans to invest in over 60 of the most popular cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin in a tax advantaged IRA take control of your future. Get started at i iTrustCapital dot com slash tucker and use the promo code tucker to Get a $100 funding bonus. That's i iTrustCapital dot com slash tucker. Paid to add for informational purposes only. Taxes may apply. Crypto is speculative and carries risk of loss. I iTrustCapital does not provide legal investment or tax Advice.


So this Al Al, come here. Sorry about that. So this story and the weird way that it happened, you know, you get the manifesto from the guy who kills himself in the cyber truck. All these other people know that you're about to do an interview on it. Were you worried you were gonna get hurt in that moment? I don't know if it's hurt. I, you know, I don't really care about me, but I worry about my family, of course.


And, and So, you know, and it is always an afterthought. The only one that I've done that, that I'm like, Ooh, I don't know if I should be doing this before, was the Romania one that I was telling you about the other day. And what Was the Romania interview? The George Scu interview where they, they yanked him out of the election, but it's always an afterthought, you know, after the interview I'm like, oh shit, I don't know if we should throw this one out. And because, you know, we, they, the FBI would've never come out and, and given any validity to the, to the email, to the man, to the manifesto. And they, And I think that, I don't think I know that the interview, 'cause it got 5 million views And I don't know how many listens and just, you know, couple of days.


And So, you know, when I see that kind of of traction on something, I'm like, oh shit, I really kicked over a big rock here. I wonder what the repercussions of this are gonna be. If You're traveling to Romania to interview a candidate who's been knocked outta the race by nato, you know, all of a sudden you're no longer really a podcaster. You're a, you're like a player in global politics. I just wanna be a podcaster. But I mean, the kind of, I'm only feeding my own curiosity For sure. But the second you start, you know, tampering with the way things are, then you become a problem. And therefore, fair game.


No. Yeah, I mean, we had this discussion last night. I didn't sleep a fucking wing. I was like, Well, I think the big lie Is I was like, I was like, Jeremy, I think Tucker's trying to tell me maybe I need to simmer down or Something there. I don't think so at all. I just think you said last night, I'm just a podcaster And I was like, I, I'm familiar with that way of thinking. But if you just take three steps back and, you know, if you're exposing things that are, you know, important things, big things like who gets to run the world and you know, who's getting the money, you know, I think you're, you're, you're still a podcaster, but you're also something else, right?


Yeah. I guess somewhat of a disruptor. But, but you know, I just, when I do do it, I lean into, I mean, I lean into God and I really just consider myself kind of a conduit, not kind of a conduit. I consider myself a conduit and whatever comes to me is supposed to happen. Yes. And with the, like for example, you know, I'm pretty new at this. I haven't completed the Bible or anything, but, but the more that I dig into just everything in the world, I, I think that I, I just think that everything, Everything Is a Lie. Everything. I think it's all a lie.


And, and, and that it's partially my job to expose, you know, what I know and to, to bring some type of truth. And can you gimme An example what I mean, clearly Joe Biden's health turned out to be a lie. Yeah. But Epstein killed himself clearly a lie. I I, I grieve that they said something like that in public. 'cause I, I like those guys, particularly Dan, but that's, that's a lie. I bet my house on it. But what else? When you say everything's a lie, what are you referring to? I think Everything Is a Lie.


Wow. I think Why do you think that? How could you not? I mean, you're way deeper in the stuff than I am. I think it's all a show. I think everybody is out for themselves. Yeah. And it sucks. It sucks to see that and to know it. And I mean, you know, COVID Covid just got a lot of people thinking to include me. And, and then when you start diving into, it just leads to all these different rabbit holes. Right? The Epstein stuff, the covid stuff, the, the just legitimately everything.


The UFO should all of it. Should we be, I've reached a similar conclusion by that. I'm not making fun of you. I of course I agree with you. But should we be shocked by that? Or does it say that really explicitly in the New Testament and like, we are just dumb and naive if we thought anything other than that? Well, I mean, and it says Right, I am the only truth. Yeah. I am the truth. Yeah. And Satan runs the world, by the way, says that. And so I think everything is a deception. Everything, maybe even our whole reality is a deception. So Like Neuralink for example.


Yeah. You know, I was interviewing What's, can you, for people who don't know what's, what's Neuralink Neuralink? It's that chip that, you know, they're gonna put in everybody's brain That Sounds wholesome, that wants some pretty sick for that. You getting one? I'm getting one. I don't even like electricity. And if you don't, then you'll fall behind And I Can't wait. You know? So, but I had, you know, I've been fascinated with that subject. I would love to interview somebody on it, but that's, that, that, that is on the inside over there. But you know, and, And I think, yeah, you know, right, like the, the premise Right now is to, you know, get paralyzed, people moving again and help the Blind Sea.


And that's all great. But, you know, I mean, when, when I found out that, that there was going to help the Blind Sea, I was like, wait a second. So if you put this fucking chip in your head and they can help the Blind Sea them, wouldn't they also be able to project an entire false reality in your mind? And I had interviewed a couple doctors about it. I interviewed Andrew Huberman about it. We just got brought up and then talked to Ben Carson about it. Pretty much came to the same conclusion. And not only would they be able to manipulate, you know, vision, it would also be emotion, touch, smell, taste everything into your head.


So there you go right there. I mean, we're on the cusp of a total false reality. Your entire life could be a false reality. People are upset about real ID at the airport, facial recognition, giving others control over your brain, neurologically, that seems like, like a, a step farther, you know what I mean? And like just biometrics. Do you know why they're pushing it? No, I do. Why? This is my understanding based on conversations with people who are involved in it because of AI and the blind seed lame walk, it's all great.


But the real concern is that AI is already at this point, beyond human control. It's already at the point where it's lying to the people who created it, which suggests consciousness and Neuralink and efforts like Neuralink are the people who are running it. Believe the only way for people to keep up with ai, otherwise we will be at, at slaves. See, I don't know, I've, I've kind of changed my tune on that. Maybe you know more about it than I do. But I mean, we feed the data centers that power the ai, you know, and so, I mean, I I think that, you know, some of the, I I don't think that, now that I understand it a little bit better, I don't think AI is going to develop its own consciousness and, and make decisions for us.


I think that, you know, I think that the major fear would be if, for example, China hacked our databases and started feeding ouris false information that would be detrimental in a conflict or, or, or propaganda or, or whatever, you know. But, but I mean, we've, we are the ones, humans are the ones that build and feed the information into the data centers and, and, and it just processes all that information. So I raised this question with one of the people who one of the big biggest, you know, forces behind ai. And I said, well just turn it off.


You know, I mean, the human beings run power plants. And this person said, even now, we can't be sure that the machine is telling us the truth about where its power is coming from. Interesting. So, Look, I I, you know, I was a Russian history major. Like I know nothing. I'm not pretending to have some special insight, but I did get hear that directly from someone who's deeply involved. And even Right now, I mean, well, you know, a lot of people that are deeply involved, but not Really. But I mean, you know, we Travel, you know, with with, with stuff like ai, I mean, it's still, it still goes to a human at the end, you know, to make that decision.


And so until You Get a chip in your brain Yeah, good point. But, you know, so for example, you know, for for, for military use, you know, the AI system would, would tell you what, what, what it is. So let's say it's a plane, you know, that pops up on a radar or something. The AI system will immediately identify it, tell you the capabilities, tell you your courses of action, tell you your different courses of action, tell you the outcomes of those different courses of action. And So you have all these options, you know, that would be some type of an analyst or strategist that would, you know, take hours, days, weeks, maybe months, you know, to come up with the information to present to whoever the decision maker is to make that actual decision.


But with the power of ai, you know, in, in these new chips that are processing so fast, I mean, you get that information and seconds, minutes, hours versus hours, days, weeks, months. And So you can act on that, you know, a lot faster because all the information's been processed. Every possible outcome, the percentage of coming out on top of me, it's like a complete war game within seconds. It sounds amazing. But the advantage is also the vulnerability. Now. I mean, if it's subverted, like if someone hacks your system and gives you the wrong coordinates or mis identifies, you know, allies as enemies or you, you could see that going.


You could see that being like the way you lose. Definitely. Definitely. I mean, so Maybe the guy with the bolt action 3 0 8 with iron sights wins. Yeah. Maybe the lowest technology force wins. I'm with you. But you know, I mean, you know, I mean, what, how do you know that human source is not a double agent? I mean, it, you, there's always gonna be checks and balances, right? So I mean, that's why we need, we need a better energy grid. We need to be able to power our fucking AI data centers so that we can build more ai. Because when AI wars happen, it'll be who has more ais and it'll beis going against ais.


So we need more ais to combat somebody with, we, we need more ais than our enemies, than our adversaries. So We're only 40 minutes in. And you've already said, you have said so far, you don't believe in anything. Technology is moving at such a, a, a, a, a pace that it's hard for people even to like, think about. It's moving so quickly, going places we can't yet imagine. And just to restate once more, nothing is real anyway. How can you be very specific day to day about how you stay sane while thinking about stuff like that? I live in the woods and I don't talk to anybody but my team and my family And I don't go out much, you know, I just, I don't Is That a happy life?


Yeah. I would rather spend time with my kids and my wife than anybody on the planet. So, you know, in fact, even when we go out to dinners with people And I say, oh yeah, let's do a dinner. I'm, the day the dinner comes up, I'm like, why the fuck are we going to dinner? I should be spending time with the kids Right now. You Speak for every American husband. There's no one husband is like, what them? Yeah. How do we do? Well, you said we could. Oh, ugh. But I mean, even the energy thing that we just discussed, I mean, it's a lie. Like here we have this, this stupid debate going on about fucking renewables and, and, and fossil fuels. And it's like, I just told you the answer.


It's right here. It's been here for years. Yeah. Nobody's acting on it, right? No. This is all a fucking lie. No. Like we, it's right here. It's right here, you know, and, but nobody wants to talk about it. So can, but let's keep the same debate going for the Next, just to go back, because I, you're not the only person. Anyone who's made it this far in the conversation is probably in a similar place to, to where you are Right now. Like, Oh My gosh, this is just bewildering. Like what's real? This all does it, it does seem like the acid trip that never ended, a lot of the news you read doesn't really have a lot of inherent meaning.


But this does, starting May 19th, the hallow app is leading a consecration to Jesus through St. Joseph. You might be asking why St. Joseph, why now well consider this. Joseph was the man God himself trusted with his own son. He wasn't a king or a warrior. He was a carpenter. He was a quiet and steady man of unshakable faith in an age that mocks humility. Can you imagine the basis of wisdom in a relationship with God is time we looked to someone who embodied humility, not for applause, but for God. This series is not just about St. Joseph, it's about what happens when you follow his example. When you trade noise for silence, when you stop chasing relevance and start seeking holiness. And all of that begins with humility, which is really just perspective. You are not God. It's important to remind yourself of that we do every day. So every week on how you'll hear reflections grounded in the gospels, pray powerful prayers like the litany of St. Joseph and hear glory stories from throughout church history. Not myths, not legends, actual intersections and power from a saint who's been quietly helping people for thousands of years. Hallow is the world's number one prayer app. And experiences like this are why my family And I cannot get enough of it. It is a constant dinner table conversation. So you get three months Right now at hallow.com/tucker for free. You'll be glad you did. hallow.com/tucker,


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code Listen 50 for 50% off plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply.


The NBA playoffs are here And I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers be $5 to get 200 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's S number one Sportsbook 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online real money wager, $5 deposit required bonus issued is non withable bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt Restrictions apply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


What Is your daily regimen if you, if you don't mind, if it's not too personal, like what do you, you wake up and then you do what? Like what are the steps that you take every day to remain grounded and sane and happy? I pray a lot When I wake up. I pray all the time. You know, And I don't mean down on my knees, I just, I'm always, I'm always looking for signs. I'm always trying to make sure that, you know, I'm, I'm doing the right thing and that I'm not doing interviews just for numbers and shit like that. I mean, I look for good people, you know, with a good heart, especially when I do something like a life story. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm looking for that guy that's grinding, that is not getting any traction with his business, who's served the country and put him up.


But I mean, I, how Tempted, I don't know. I mean, I, and then I also keep in the daily routine. I mean, I wake up, I got a 1-year-old and a 3-year-old, And I wake up And I have about three cups of tea And I play around with my kids and spend a lot of time on the phone, unfortunately, because everything, you know, I'm getting all the incoming in. If it's coming in that morning, then I go into the office And I meet with everybody and do an interview or I don't do an interview and then I just go back home to my kids. But, you know, as far as staying grounded, I mean, I just keep in mind like, hey, this, this all could go away in two seconds. I mean, who knows?


Somebody could do a headpiece on me like they are Right now. I told you about it and it could all go away when maybe a previous mistake that I made in life comes to light and they cancel me. And if they do, fuck it, I don't care. I'll hang out with my kids and my wife and live the rest of my life. Maybe I'll move up here, Get a spot in the woods and never see anybody again. But I just don't take myself too seriously And I don't buy my own bullshit. And that's it, man. When you Say you don't put people on just for numbers, e everyone who you know has a public facing job understands what you're saying, but for people who don't, will you, will you describe that a little more fully?


What do you mean You pass on stories you said, or pass on interviews? If the only upside is just that it gets huge numbers. Yeah, Yeah. I'm just not interested in it. You know what I mean? If I see, I'll give you an example. I mean, I had, if I see somebody go on the circuit that's like, I'm just not interested. 'cause then I'm just doing the same stuff that everybody else is doing. Exactly. And I've canceled interviews, I've had people that I've, I've been one to have on for a long time, and then I'll pull up YouTube and there they are on The Tucker Carlson Show. And I'm like, Hey, cancel that interview.


I don't want to, I take Your sloppy seconds with gratitude. I'm like, really? Shawn Ryan interviewed him, fuck him. No, I think it's cool, but I just, I don't wanna, I don't want to. I mean, you're a phenomenal interviewer and, and it's, and so it's, it's, well, what am I gonna get out of this guy that Tucker didn't, or Megan didn't or I get, didn't, you know what I mean? You Don't wanna be part of someone's publicity campaign either. Exactly. You know, and, and so I really, I, you know, I pride myself on being different and I've set my whole business up to be different and as different as I can be. And so I just, I I just feed my own curiosity And I look for people that I believe to be a positive influence on the world and a good role model for kids.


I mean, I think the role model thing has gotten, it's just, it's horrible. I mean, who the hell do kids have to look up to now? Oh, that's right. You know, and, and so that's, that's what I look for, just good human beings with good values that are pumping some type of good in the world, whether that's fighting evil or spreading the word or whatever, you know, and going against the grain. And, you know, I was, I was brought up to always root for the underdog. Amen. And I do that, you know, It's the most American impulse you can have. We were the underdog. This country was the underdog. So Yes, it was. You don't ever wanna be the overdog No, no. You don't wanna be part of the machine. So how have you set your business up to be different?


How have I, well, I mean, so when I got into podcasting, I mean, I didn't even know if I wanted to do it. I just, That was only five and a half years ago. Yeah. It was five and a half years ago in my attic. And, and I got tired of teaching tactics and shooting and stuff like that. And so I tried a bunch of different things and, and I looked at podcasts as a whole and, And I saw, you know, every bit. Then everybody had the purple curtain behind them and all their little stuff in the middle of the table that means nothing to them other than Joe, you know, he's got his stuff on the middle of the table now.


Everybody's got their shit on the middle of the table. And, and, and so I I, I set it up to be different. I wanted a relaxed environment. I didn't want any equipment in the shots I wanted. I mean, you've been there, it's, it's, you melt into that room and it's very disarming and there's a lot of history there from people that share similar values and on display for everybody to see, well, you, You like it. That's what I noticed about your studio. You made it a space that you're comfortable in and it reflects what you think and it reflects the life that you've lived and the people that you love. It's not gen, it's the opposite of generic.


Thank you. Well, no, it's, I really, it's very noticeable. But, but I, you know, and, and nobody really back then had good camera aesthetics. And so I had saw David Letterman's my next guest on Netflix, And I really liked the way it looked and with the camera movements and the, the shots that they had. And I said, I wanna make that, but in my own way and on a, on a $2,000 budget. And so I taught myself how to film, taught myself how to edit, taught my wife how to film, taught myself how to run sound. And, and so I wanted an environment that looked really good on camera that, that disarmed people.


I noticed, especially in where I come from in the SEAL team, very egocentric community. And nobody can just make the interview about the guests. They have to make it about themselves and insert their own fucking experiences. And it's, so I killed Bin Laden. Nope. Well, I killed this person. And it's like, it's not about you, man. It's about them. And so, so I would totally keep my own experiences out of the interview, And I would compliment people instead of challenging them all the time. I would compli like, wow, that's, well, like, you just made it into Delta. That's like the premier special ops group in the entire world.


I mean, how did that feel? That's amazing. You know, and when, when you compliment somebody in a, in a, in a world that is extremely competitive, you know, it, it, it's like, oh shit. Like, this guy's different. Thank you for letting me talk and actually complimenting me on my service. And then on top of that, we started, I from episode one. Mean, How did, where did that insight come from? Therapy. I did a lot of therapy. Interesting. When I, when I quit contracting for, for CIAI, And I always think of therapy as making people more self-involved, but that sounds like whoever you had in therapy sounds like was encouraging you to become less about yourself. They don't talk.


They don't talk. I mean, with, with my therapist, it was, I did all the talking And I would wind up working my own problems out in my head and she would just guide me, you know? And, and so I took that model and brought it to my show and it just worked. But it sounds like you concluded that humility, focusing on other people, that was the key. I would say you're exactly right. I don't know that that's an obvious conclusion. I don't, most people don't seem to reach that conclusion. Really Judging from, I was in the airport, I don't go to the airport very much, but I was there yesterday and listening to two people have a air quotes conversation where each one was just waiting for the other one to stop talking before talking at the person.


It was like, not one person ever said, really? How, how really? How interesting. And I feel like that's the experience that people have, not just watching podcasts, but like on, you know, day to day. Yeah. People don't listen. Yeah. I mean, you know, and, And I guess there is one other thing that I just, I'm not, I'm not afraid to say that I don't know what we're talking about. And So you Get a lot of people, you know, you Get a lot of people. They, they, they fucking trap themselves. Yes. You know, and, and it's like, I, I told you about what I know about ai and that's the extent of it. If we're gonna go deeper, I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about. So I'm not gonna pretend like I know I'm talking about to make it look like I'm the resident expert, because the resident experts are gonna call you completely full of shit.


You don't know what you're talking about. And so I don't, don't let my, you Always get caught like pretending you don't have prostate cancer. Like, in the end, people, people find out. But, but I mean, it's okay to not know everything. Of course. You know, and, and with so many people fall into the trap that are like, oh yeah, I have, I have shit. They just asked me a question I'm not an expert on. I have, I have to come up with something. And I have like, no shame and just going, yeah, I don't, I don't even know what the fuck that word means that you just said. Could you please explain that? And, And I think there's a lot of people like me that, that, that they don't understand maybe the vocabulary that's About, there aren't a lot of people who will admit it.


Actually, there aren't that many people. Everybody's, everybody's a genius. Everybody's a tough guy and it's Playing, but playing a role that they know is fake. Yeah. It's sad. Sad to watch it. Well, it's, it's a kind of slavery too. I mean, it's not, you're not free when you're pretending to be something you're not. Yeah. So you showed me something last night, speaking of how you run your business differently than I thought was like the coolest thing I've ever seen. You're building a new studio. You totally lost control and just totally lost control. I'll say someone who has a studio, it's like the craziest thing. It's the coolest thing. Big piece property, bass pond, shooting range, like beautifully designed.


It's just super cool. But at the construction phase on the, well, you, you, you explain how you, how you built it, that's different. Oh. So I mean, like I was saying last night, I'm really, really, I'm really big on company culture and my, I had mentioned earlier, you know, my, my people that work for me and with me are, are like a second family to me. And I take on their burdens And I help them through life. And I, I want to give them the best experience that I can too. I mean, they work their asses off for me. Yes. And, and so I, I want them to be proud of where they work, And I want 'em to enjoy being at work.


And so there's, there's a wellness center, there's everybody. I mean, there's, it's, you gotta see it, man. When it's done. It's, it's, oh, I trust It's all like, super top of the line. Very, very nice. And, you know, they'll be able to hunt out there. They'll be able to fish out there, they'll be able to shoot out there, they'll be able to work out out there. They'll be able to, I want them to bring their families in for lunch. Like, I want that environment so that, you know, one, that they're, they're proud of where they work. They wanna work there. And they're the best paid people in the business. I don't have a big team, but I have a fucking amazing team. You want them to bring their families for lunch? Hell yeah, man. That's the coolest.


Absolutely. And, and if they want to, you know, and, and, and, you know, on top of just giving, you know, and creating like that environment, you know, it, I mean, this is a cutthroat business, unfortunately. And I see people jumping from camp to camp. I've never lost somebody, you know, I've never lost somebody that, that said, Hey, fuck it, I'm going to Tucker's. Hey, I'm going to the Daily Wire. Hey, I'm going here. I'm going there. They, they don't want to be anywhere, but They, you haven't lost anyone to the Daily Wire. I haven't lost anybody to anything. I'm such a, We Get a lot of people from the Daily Wire one to work here, though.


You put Bibles under the foundation? Yeah, yeah. We put, we put, so yeah, on top of that, my whole team is really into scripture, and we're all very like-minded. And, and you know, I'd mentioned before, I, I feel like I'm just a conduit. And so, And I do, I do, I live a lot of my life in paranoia at times. And so he is the only protection. So yeah, we put a Bible in every corner of the foundation. We wrote scripture on every single exterior stud in that building. And to, for protection, I saw a Jeremy or producer had a picture he showed me last night of, it's a shot down the wall and the studs are still visible and each one has a, i I read three from Ephesians, but like long quote quotes from the New Testament.


Yeah. Everybody on the team had a, had a part in that. Who thought of that Me, Why I went to a party once. And the people at the party who hosted the party showed me their house and told me that they had done that. And I was like that, that they had written scripture on every stud. And I was like, oh man, that is awesome. I'm doing that. I'm doing that too. Everything, everything that we build from now on Will will have that, That is the coolest. So you say you, you feel like a conduit. How do you receive instructions?


Gut. I think God speaks to you through gut. Yeah. And, And I think the signs are always there, but a lot of us are too busy and wrapped up in our own shit to see him. And so for example, like the George Escu interview was, I was nervous about that one, you know, because I'd dug into the, I dug into it And I was, I was like, like, I don't, you know, if this guy is a Russian asset, I don't know if this is a good idea. I don't wanna be on the wrong team here. I don't wanna fall victim to, you know, propagandizing my show, not even realizing it.


And the whole, the whole journey there, I was worried about it. And without going into it, I mean, my journey to Christ was through signs that slapped me right in the face. And 4, 4, 4 is a big number to me. And, and, And I, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4 is a huge number to me. And why? Well, so I had this experience in Sedona where I came to Christ and three things happened to me all within very profound things in about 15 minutes the last day I was there.


And when I got home, I had called somewhat of a spiritual mentor to me. His name's Eddie Penny. And he had started talking about, I called him at, at midnight when I got back. And I was like, Hey, this happened to me. I don't know what this means, but I think I need to lean into Jesus a little bit here. And that's not something I've done in probably the past 20 years. And so he started going on about this stuff with, with demon attacks now that I've shown a side. And I'm, and he goes, he, he goes, man, a lot of people have been praying for this to happen. And I'm like, well, what do you mean?


Like, what, why, who is what, what, what, what the hell is happening? And then he started talking about guardian angels and all this other stuff. And I had a meeting scheduled at noon with my IT guy who is a devout Catholic. And I call him up And I think we're gonna be talking about, I don't know, website stuff and it, crap. And he has the exact same conversation with me not even knowing that I'd had this experience yet. Doesn't know Eddie. They're, I mean, he is a IT guy and Eddie is a former development group guy.


There's no connection. Has the exact same conversation starts talking about for those, Can you just define the, a former what group guy? Team Six. Yeah. And, and, and ever since I had Eddie on, and he shared his testimony, it was my, I, I released an episode every Christmas, that's when I kicked the show off was Christmas. And I was like, man, this testimony is like so awesome. I think this should be the Christmas episode. So every single person that came on the show for probably the next year and a half at least had brought up God or the Bible or Christ. And it was, it was like a turning point in my podcast that just, And I didn't push Christianity on people.


I don't, you know, it, it would just organically come up in the conversation. And, and so I always thought like, maybe God's like working through my show or something. I don't know. But anyway, so after this, after all this stuff happened in Sedona, which was mind blowing to me, I have this conversation with Adam and it guy. Yes. And he's, he's talking about guardian angels. And I go home for a late lunch that day with my wife and kids, and I'm driving back to the studio And I look at the clock and it's 4 44. I look at the gas thing and it says 444 miles left empty.


And this is, and, and it's four hours and 44 minutes after my conversation with my IT guy. So I'm, I'm driving And I call up my social media manager, I'm like, Hey, look up 4 44. I wanna know what it means. Something just happened and get this shit. I love how open you are to this. He looks it up. And do you know what it is? No. It means your guardian angels want to know that they're watching over you right after we just had a discussion four hours and 44 minutes prior about guardian angels.


That's wild. And so then I've, I was like, okay, like that's, that's a sign. And 'cause I told you to, I live in a, at that time I had released the Brian Montgomery interview about sex trafficking, which is a whole nother debacle that the FBI started getting involved in. And, And I had interviewed Tyler Andrew Vargas, which was the, the Young Marine who survived the Abi gate bombing, who lost his leg and his arm. And nobody would talk to him because it made the Biden administration look so bad. We were fighting YouTube about it. And he had all this real footage from his camera about the guy that blew up the gate that they should have killed.


And anyways told me that, that that good morning America had interviewed him for seven hours and only released five seconds of the interview. Here's another God thing, man. So having breakfast, my team really wanted to get Tyler on. And I was like, every media outlet in the world is probably trying to talk to this guy Right now 'cause he's the only living eye witness. And I'm like, we're never gonna get him. I'll probably wind up on Tucker or Rogan or, you know, and, and I was like, fine, I'll shoot him a message on Instagram. So I shoot him a message immediately. He's like, yep, I'm in. Let's do it. No way.


Had breakfast with him before the interview and at breakfast he is sitting there with his fiance and he goes, man, he started tearing up. And he goes, man, I have interviewed with so many mainstream media outlets and they're all full of shit and nobody will tell the truth and nobody will release. Like what? I tell him, Congress didn't pay attention when I testified in front of him. And he goes, I literally looked at my fiance and he is like, man, I just wish the Shawn Ryan guy would just reach out. And he goes, I pulled my phone up and you had just messaged me. It was the first thing I saw.


And he goes There, I was like, it was like God answered me like right there in that moment. And I was like, holy shit. Like that's not a coincidence. There are no coincidences. I don't believe in coincidences anymore. No. But, but, so I get these like signs like all the time where if I feel like I should be, if I'm questioning something, he'll throw out a sign and like, like, like the George Scu interview, me and Jeremy are sitting at the airport and I'm telling him like, I don't know about this. It's the first time I had ever brought somebody to do an Overwatch for me because I was nervous. You know? I was like, oh, I don't know if we should be doing this.


We're fucking with nato. We should probably bring a security guy. Nato, they're just peacekeepers. Yeah, Right. Just why they're building the Come on the biggest ever. Relax, relax Sean. They're on our Side. NATO base in Europe and The training army. But anyways, I had, sometimes I just tweet out something that pops in my head, right? So I tweeted out the truth is like a lion. You don't have to defend it, set it free and it'll defend itself. And I tweeted that out. I like that. And I had this debacle going on in my head, like, should I be doing this? Like, am I doing this for the right reason? Is this guy, does he need to be heard or is he just some type of a Russian shill walk out of the lounge, this is all, I don't know, five minutes.


And this woman comes around the corner and she has this huge lion head on her shirt, like this big sequence glittery lion head. And that's what was in my head and what I had just tweeted out. And to me, I mean, it's probably everybody will call me crazy, but to me I'm like, that's the sign that I needed to see. Like I just articulated this and you, you don't see too many people running around the airport with a big lion head on their shirt, like a massive lion head. My Reaction is, not that you're crazy, my reaction is I need to get off my phone sufficient to see signs that are all around me.


'cause they're everywhere. I agree with you completely. And I feel like the phone is an instrument of distraction and evil really though. I, you know, I couldn't live without it. I need it for my job. It allows me to live where I want and they're talk to my wife and children and all that. They're upsides. But in general, I feel like I miss everything. If, if a sign happened, it would, it would really have to come by text message or I wouldn't see It. Yeah. Well, are you, I hope you do that, But yeah, I've been thinking about it a lot. But are you self-consciously not on your phone? Sometimes, Yeah. What's your phone regimen? 6:00 PM It goes on airplane mode. 6:00 PM Yep.


You're not on your phone after 6:00 PM Other than, other than if somebody on my team text texts me that's, and they would text for an emergency. It, I just, it's not airplane mode. It's like, I don't know, whatever. You S like this, whatever. I don't know what it is either, but it screens out. Nothing Comes to me. So, except, except my assistant Jeremy and and family. And so I don't mess around on the phone after 6:00 PM 6:00 PM Man, It's like 1985 life, I mean, you know, some, yeah. There, there are, you know, sometimes I'm, sometimes it happens, you know, if I'm working late or something and I'm, I'm always working, but I mean, I don't, like, I don't mess around on social media or I mean, you know, half the texts I get are just people asking for favors anyways.


So Only half, Probably more. Yeah, more. All my friends I haven't talked to in Five and a half years is a very short period of time to become as successful as you have. Thank You. So con well, I'm not complimenting you. I'm saying I'm surprised you're not crazier. 'cause that's a big change. That's a big, big change. Yeah. In a short period of time, don't you think? Well, I think, yeah, it's, it's been a huge change. But, but you know, And I mean, it's just, we're all just humans and some people have a, i I mean, like I said, man, I just don't take my self too seriously and, and none of this shit really gets to me.


I, it could all be taken away at a moment's notice and I'm ready to give it back and I'm just, I'm, alls I'm doing is trying to do good, you know? And so when I'm, I mean, when I meet people like you or some of the other people that have been on the show, I mean, it, it, it, there is a, an aspect like, I can't believe I'm like having fucking dinner with Tucker Right now. This is so weird. Like, people would kill to do this, but in the end, I mean, you're just a, you're just like me, man. You eat, sleep, shit, that's it. And I, I take that approach with everybody I meet. There's nothing, sorry Tucker, I love you, but, Oh, trust me, there is you.


You couldn't be. Yeah, I, I've always thought it's very easy to, to get perspective on your life if you can see yourself kind of clearly. It's very hard to mistake yourself for Jesus if you're like honest. Do, do you know what I mean? Yes. And I, I really look down on people who have delusions or Just people, man. Oh, that's For sure. You know, that Is, it's sad to watch power get to people's heads. It's really a shame. So What steps do you take to keep yourself pure of heart? I notice you haven't been in DC like every week. I I hate DC That's where all the power is.


Yeah. Well, I'm not interested in power. Don't you wanna rush toward it like a bug light? I've been asked to, to, to run for something, but I just, I just have no interest in it. What are your goals at this point? My goals are to, whenever I exit this, I want my family to be set for generations. I want my team to be set for generations. I want to continue to help 'em. And, And I just, I just want to show that there's a lot of us out there that think on the same page regardless of what the media says.


And I think I am a, this sounds weird talking about myself like this, but I think I am, for whatever reason, I think I am just the average, uneducated, no college degree guy in the country that can talk to people. Wait, You don't have a college degree? No. Oh, I wish I'd known that before I set up this interview, but I don't. Wow. Wow. I'm just a, I'm just a average guy that, that has a hard time understanding stuff. And I don't let my ego get in the way. I don't pretend like I know shit that I don't know.


And if I don't understand, then I fucking ask questions. And it helps everybody that watches my show understand something because it's dumbed down to a level that the majority of America can digest and comprehend. You listen carefully and having gone on your show, I think that's the key. You listen very carefully. Most people do not do that. So you don't go to DC because you think it's disgusting. You think power corrupts, it doesn't just enhance. Yeah, definitely. I mean, I, you know, it's also like none of these people will be talking to me if I didn't have a show, you Know?


Oh, it's obviously, So it's, it's, it's like, I don't know man. I just, I don't like it. I was amazed, amazed to find out. I don't know if it's public, but you came very close to booking Kamala Harris. How'd that come about? Well, I mean, I, who was the first candidate? I think it was either DeSantis, I think no, DeSantis wasn't in studio. And it's the only Zoom interview I've ever done. What'd You think of him? I mean it, as far as like a person, I didn't, it was very, it was like 15 minutes, man.


So I don't, I don't have a gauge. I like a lot of the stuff that he is done down in Florida, pretty much all of it. And, but that I know of. I don't know everything, but, but I, I had said at the beginning, I'll interview any presidential candidate. I don't care what side they're on, I'm not gonna blast you. But I think it's important that people know who that person is, whether we talk about politics or not. Like with RFK, we talked about his heroin addiction and all that kind of stuff. And, and you know, and, And I, it gives you a little more background on what, what, how they grew up, what their values are as a person, not just some soundbite bullshit, you know, that's fed to 'em.


And, and so I, I wanted to interview people On the other side of the fence too. And, And I really wanted Kamala to come on. And so I think it's Kamala Whatever, and I think that's racist. It's irrelevant at this point. It gets racist. You just call it Kamala. But, but so we got in touch with her camp. We didn't hear anything. We did a couple of press releases and to, to maybe pressure her into it a little bit. And she took it seriously.


And, and she watched, I was told she watched, she spent a night going through particular in interviews and liked the way that I interviewed and liked my style, and she wanted to do it. And they asked, you know, what do I want to talk about? And I said, well, I think we should definitely talk about the Afghan withdrawal and the Taliban funding. I'm pretty much initiated that entire conversation that developed into what it is and me and my guests. And they didn't wanna talk about that. I said, well, it's, it's gonna look bad on me if I don't talk about that because I've been hammering this damn thing for a year now, over a year, I think.


And, but I was like, all right, well, what do you wanna talk about? Do you wanna talk about national security? They're like, what do you think you'd disagree on her the most on Told 'em. And what was it? The, the gender stuff with kids. That was my biggest thing, you know? And I don't, I don't really care about adults, you know, that do it. But I mean, you can't give a kid the keys to do that, you know, at that age and eight years old. I mean, eight years old was at Washington. That's like, the state will come in and take your kid from you if you, if you don't do it if they want to.


I mean, what is, why even have parents at that point? I'm sure they don't want us to have parents. Well, exactly. But anyways, I said that and, and you know, they were like, it got to the point where I, I just said, look, I don't even care. I was like, how about you just give me the outline and we'll do it that way. I don't care. Like, I know how to do an interview and I'll make it work and I'll find my, my groove and whatever you give me, I'm confident in my abilities. And, and they were gonna do it. And then, and then the Bread Bear interview came out with her and it just fell off the map.


We just quit talking to us. So I don't know, you know, because Brett Asked her like a single question and she didn't feel like answering. Yeah, I don't, I don't know. I mean, I don't know what it was, but how Do you think it would've gone? I think it would've gone, I think it would've gone no matter what they handed me for the outline or, or if I created my own outline, that the questions would've been blaming Trump for everything. Even if it has, even if it was nothing to do with the question. I think it would've just been Trump did this, Trump did that. What about Trump? Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, you know?


And, And I don't think I would've gotten any of her views or solutions or initiatives or anything. I think it would've all been just flipped around and pointed back at Trump. When do you think It's possible there would've been like a spark of warmth between the two of you? Yeah, I do. Really? Yeah, because I mean, I, I, no matter who it is, I'm gonna treat the guests with respect. Good. And, And I think that's, I just, you know, and, and, and on top of that, I mean, do I like her? Do I agree with anything that she did? No, but I also know that there's an aspect of media that I'm probably not getting the full picture.


And so I want to hear 'em out. Good for you. But it was never gonna be like a gotcha or a combative interview, you know? I wouldn't have done that. I've never done that. I'll challenge people on stuff, but I'm not gonna get into some type of a bickering contest. And you know Why? Because I just, I'm, that's just not who I am. You had a pretty ferocious job before we had enough of that. Yeah. Interesting. Yeah. Is there anyone you wouldn't interview?


Yeah, there's people I wouldn't interview. I don't interview people that, I mean, I kind of said it earlier, you know, I, I don't interview people that are on the circuit. I don't really give a shit about your new book that's coming out. I don't care. There's plenty of other podcasts that can do that. I just, what, you know, what I look for other than that, 'cause that's different. Those aren't my values that we, we obviously differ on probably just about everything. But I, I just, I just look for good people that are doing something in the world that aren't getting recognition or aren't getting traction, And I think would be a good role model.


And that's, that's who I bring on the show. And, and that's, that's one of the things I'm good at, is being able to take somebody who nobody's ever heard of, ever. And people tune in. People will tune in because it's fresh material, it's good people doing good things and, and they finally get the exposure that they needed to actually get some type of traction. And what You interviewed Trump for hours, I think. How long was that interview? Well, one hour. One hour? Yeah. A little over was, he was like, I don't know, 70 minutes or something. What'd you think of him? I really liked him. I really liked, I wasn't expecting him to be as personal as he was, you know, and when me and my, he met everybody on my team and made it a point to, it wasn't like shaking somebody's hand and talking to his assistant or, or, you know, it was direct eye contact, wanted to meet the entire team.


There was three NFL stars in there that came in to meet him. And as soon as I walked in the room, he like didn't care about him, came right over, introduced himself, I mean it, very personable. And then after the interview, sat down in a room and talked with us. And it was really, I was happy. I, And I was more happy that he treated my team with respect and 'cause you know, you see a lot of people that are like, oh, you're just the fucking help. And it's like, no, that's like, who makes the whole thing? Right, exactly. So, you know. That's right. And, and so I really appreciated that, you know, it was, you never really know what you're gonna get with, with, How do you think the administration's going so far?


How about this? I think there's some really, look, what Do you like? What don't you like? I like that they got rid of the DEI stuff. Yeah. I think that was low hanging fruit. I think that, you know, they fixed it really quick. I I don't think we need to harp on it anymore and let's move on. And, and you know, I just interviewed Tom Holman, what he's done with the border seems really impressive to me. So I'm really happy about those things. I'm not happy that the Epstein files have not come to fruition yet. I'm sure they're coming out any day now, wouldn't you think? Yeah. Yeah. I won't hold my breath, but, but I think that, I think we still need a lot of work.


A lot of work. And I am losing hope. Why? What specifically makes you feel hopeless, Man? I mean, who's controlling our country and the influences and why haven't we seen these things? And it makes me skeptical, you know? And, And I, I don't hear, and you know, some of this is, I may just not know, you know? 'cause I don't, like I mentioned, I, I don't pretend to know everything that's going on And I don't put the time in that I would need to, to, to figure it all out.


But, you know, there's things like the energy grid and it's like, man, like we really need to fucking do something with our grid like yesterday. And, But is that more important than bombing Iran? Yeah. Yeah, It is. And Yeah, you know, that, that stuff and, and you know, I get, I mean, I don't know. I, I wanna know like what the real motivations are and, and, and I love everything he says and the majority of everything that he says. But I, I, you know, I'd like to see the Ukraine, Russia thing finally come to an end.


And, and I like what they've done with Doge. I think that maybe they, maybe they've cut a little bit more than they need to, but, you know, there's always human error with everything. But, you know, and, And I look, I'm, I'm just, fuck it. I'm just, I'm gonna get blasted for this. But you know what I mean? What I see all these negotiations going on in the Middle East, and then I don't know when these buildings were approved or when these deals got done, but then I also see like, oh, there's a brand new hotel going up in Dubai or Abu Dhabi and another one going up in, in Doha, I think. And, and I'm like, did these like just get done also with the deals that just happened over there?


Or was this earlier? I don't, you would probably know. No, I don't know. You don't, I've not made $1 in the Middle East, not one. Well, I mean, I mean, if you're, lot me more on the inside than I am and No, No, no. I'm just a, I'm just a visitor and a traveler and a watcher, but I don't, you know, there's, That stuff kind of worries me, you know? It's, it's, well, It seems like corruption. Yeah. But, but, and, but you know what, you know what, like bothers me more than any of this shit is that people have just lost the ability to critical think. And, and if you do say something about the tariffs, or is it Greenland or Iceland, I can't even remember or whatever, The big one.


Yeah, I, if you do, if you throw any criticism towards any, and not just, not just Trump, but any, anybody that is in a position of power, I mean, the US has just become so tribal now, and it's, it's, you cannot criticize or, or, or give any constructive criticism to what's happening without getting blasted. It's sad. It's like, man, like you guys have a hundred percent lost all critical thinking skills. Like you're not fucking thinking on your own. And you are given the values that you align with. You're no longer going off the way you were raised or what's true to you as a person.


I think a lot of people don't even fucking know what that is anymore. And they're just told, they're told they align with the tribe. Whatever that tribe says they're gonna do, they're gonna say they're gonna follow. And that's sad. And I think that that could resemble the beginning of the end. I agree with every word. And I, I can't help but note because I was there for it at the beginning of the intranet. We were told that all of this information would make us better informed and would increase our critical thinking abilities, and that people wouldn't have to follow the propaganda because they would have all the information.


And the, and the opposite has turned out to be true. People seem much easier to control than ever before. Yeah. And that makes me sad. So back to the, the heaviest thing I think you've said, which is that you don't believe that anything's real. And again, I think most people can understand where you're coming from when you say that one of the effects of that is to make everyone like really, really paranoid when it turns out that, you know, most of the things derd as conspiracy theories are real. Like clearly the explanation for nine 11 is silly. Clearly, you know, and we're never gonna find out any of this stuff. And so the, I think a, a reasonable person concludes like, man, there's a lot going on.


I don't get, there's a lot of secret stuff. There are a lot of actual conspiracies. I mean, it's Everything though. Like I gave, you know, I'm not, I take a minute to process. And so when you're talking about, oh, you know what, what's fake? And I brought up like Covid and something else that everybody already knows, right? But, or at least most people already know. But I mean, when, when you look at the elections, you know, in not just the us you know, but let's look elsewhere, let's look at Romania, what happened there? And they just, they just yanked this guy. Yep, yep. You're done. Marie Lappen. I mean, we were close to interviewing her and me too. In fact, I think we were in Paris at the same time we Were. And, And I mean, when, when you see that it's just like, holy shit.


Like this is spreading, or maybe it's not spreading. Maybe it's just always been like this, I don't know. But you know, so obviously those were, obviously those elections are phony, you know, and, and the eus getting involved and France is getting involved and Romania is getting involved and it's like, holy shit, man. Like everything seems to be engineered. The guy in Bolsonaro in, in Brazil, another example, you know, and it's, it's, it's the, the, the, the ministry of truth. I don't even know if that's still a thing, but it's like the, the what the mini, the Ministry of Truth. Are you fucking kidding me?


The 2020 election. I mean, I was kind of skeptical. I was there right in the middle of it And I thought, well, you know, if there's evidence it was stolen, I'll, I'll believe it, of course. But I don't see any evidence or enough evidence to say that conclusively. And then the last five years traveling around seeing other elections, watching our country more carefully, it's like, that was totally fake. I, I, I can say that I think with confidence now, but, but here's my point. You who I do think are one of the rare people just like committed to saying what you think is true, committed to remaining independent, right or wrong. Like you don't wanna be influenced, you want to reach your own conclusions and you want to be awake enough to see signs from God.


And I admire all of that. But now you are supposedly part of the conspiracy. Yeah. Because you were a CIA contractor. So like, what does that mean to be a CIA contractor? How did you get that gig? What did it entail? Are you still in touch with headquarters trying to subvert democracy? I wasn't involved in any of those operations. No. I mean, look, I mean the road, I left the SEAL teams to start business and failed miserably. What kind of Business? And it I wanted to do, it's funny, I actually read Donald Trump's book in Guantanamo Bay when we were doing some stuff in Haiti back in 2004.


And it was his book, how to Get, how to Get Rich. Wait, you read Donald Trump's book? Yeah. In Guantanamo Bay? Yeah, in 2004 and I think, no, it was whatever, somewhere around there. And I read that book And I hadn't, I mean, I was on like a mini deployment. We were just, we were in Panama doing some stuff with the, the Panamanian special ops guys. Then the Haiti thing popped off that when we yanked Aris State outta there. And, and, and then we were going on the real deployment. And so before I even really deployed in the SEAL teams, I decided I'm, I'm, this isn't all it's cracked up to be, at least for me.


And so I'm just gonna do my time here and be what Was disappointing about it? There wasn't enough combat Really. You wind up on a SEAL team in the middle of two Wars and there wasn't enough combat for you. Yeah, Okay. Yeah. I didn't see near as much as a lot of guys. I saw a decent amount, but, but you know, I went in to like do that job and, you know, wanted to do it all the time. And I was not doing it all the time.


And, and so I left. But You've quit a metabolism, But you Wind up on the SEAL team and you're like kind of bored. But it just, it wasn't, it just wasn't what I thought it was gonna be. And, and then I had an opportunity to screen not saying I would've made it, not saying I wouldn't have, but had an op had an every, everybody, I don't mean I had the op, everybody gets the opportunity to screen for six, for team six if they want. And I just, I was, I was like, well that's, you know, that's the next level, but it's another five year commitment if I do it, and what if it's the same shit that I have here with just a bigger budget, with more cool toys.


And so I decided to, I I, I decided no, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna get out and be the next Donald Trump and businessman and got out, started a small real estate thing, failed horribly. Where was it? St. Louis, Missouri. And went To do real estate in St. Louis. Well, my family's from there. So what, South Florida wasn't available at the time or something? No, just went home and just In time for Ferguson. Yeah, It was too. I actually got a great picture of me Ferguson with a malt off cocktail, but it's a joke after it happened.


But, but anyways, and so then my dad And I were gonna actually start a Jimmy John's franchise, and I didn't grow up with money and we needed some, so I said, Hey, I said I would never do this, but overseas contracting is a big thing and it's paying pretty good. So how about if I just do that, I'll get the money that we need to start it and then I'll quit and we will start that venture. Wait, you went overseas as a contractor to pay for a Jimmy John's franchise? Yeah. Yeah. Amazing. Yeah. And then 2008 hit, do you Know Jimmy John by the way?


Yeah, too. We, I met him recently. Great guy. I love talking to him. Good dude. Yeah. Yes. At the Elk Party. I think you met him actually. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And we hung out a couple times. I really liked that Guy. Did you tell him that you went, you became a military contractor? He could pay for one of his franchises. Yeah, but, but that didn't happen. And where Did you go? Where, what do you mean where Your first, when you first left to do overseas contract? So Where I first went, I did a, 'cause I didn't, I under, I didn't understand exactly how contract contractors, I, I, I didn't know the game.


Yeah. And so there are different tiers of contracting and they have, they take your background and there's all these different, you know, there's the DEA contract, there's the A TF contract, or not a TF, excuse me. There's the agency, the NSA, the state Department all, there's just all, there's all kinds of contracts that you can jump on. And I had no idea what I was doing. I thought it was all like one tiered system. And so I threw my name in, in this kind of recruiting thing. And they came back. There was a company called Armor Group and outta uk and they picked me up first And I was like, all right, well, whatever.


This seems pretty low level, but they wanted to make me like a, a guy in charge 'cause of my background. And I was like, all right, fine, I'll go do this. So I went and did the tryout. It was a complete joke. And then got to Afghanistan and it was, they put me at the front gate of the, of the embassy. And I was like, I lasted about a week. And I was like, Hey, gimme a flight home. I'm outta here. This is fucking bullshit. Like, I'm not, I'm not gonna be You thought you were boarding the seals? Yeah. And well, I mean, then that's where all the v bids go off to the car bombs. So I was like, no, I'm, I'm not doing this. And went home and got into a fire academy, didn't like it.


And then a friend called A fire mean to be a fireman. Yeah. To be A firefighter. 'cause I really miss the comradery. And, and then a friend of mine that I served in Afghanistan with called me up and said, Hey, there's a contract that Blackwater has And I think you should try out for it. And I was like, no, I'm not doing it. I just did a quick pump, I hated it. I was with a bunch of guys that don't know what the hell they're doing. Some of these people were like, bank of America Security guards. I was like, this is crazy. And he goes, no. He's like, Hey. He's like, everybody on this contract has to be from special ops.


It's a black contract. I can't tell you who it's for, but just gimme your resume and I'm gonna try to get you in. And so I was like, all right, fine. Gave it to him. And then got a call from Blackwater and just told me, wear 'em when, where to be and what to bring. And it would be, what did They want you to bring? It was just, you know, you need these type of clothes, you need this type of equipment and show up here, go all the way to the back to the black side and it'll be a month long course if you make it. And so I showed up and, and did the, did the vetting course At Blackwater.


At Blackwater In North Carolina. Yep. And, and made it What, what'd you think of the, the vetting course? It was tough. Really? Yeah. It was tough having Been through buds, you thought It was tough. It wasn't tough like that. It wasn't like you have to prove, well, you do have to prove yourself. It wasn't like a, they're not yelling at you and screaming and kicking you around and all that kind of shit. It is a demonstration of your skills. And if you cannot demonstrate your skills to the highest level, then you go home. And what Kind of skills? Shooting skills, driving skills, close quarters combat that's entering a room and clearing buildings and rooms and stuff.


Working with the team. How do you integrate in with all these other special ops guys? And, and so there's a lot that goes to it, into it. A lot of, they put you in a lot of extremely stressful situations and you, you have to handle it flawlessly or you'll be asked to leave. But the shooting qualifications were really tough. Really? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. The shooting qualifications were really tough. And so was the CQB, the close quarters combat. So like one, one of the exercises, they had this thing called the hooded box drill.


And they basically put you in a room like this and they would tape a square and you have to, you have to stand in the square. And they give you either a rifle or a pistol and they have like fake flash bangs going off, smoke yelling, screaming role players. And they put a hood over your head on a string. So this hood goes over your head, you can't see anything. It's dark, there's strobes, there's all kinds of shit going on. You can hear like all these screams and all this stuff going on, and you are not allowed to leave the box.


And so they, they set up the scenario and they lift the hood over your head. And then you have to deal with the scenario. So like, I think the very first scenario, put the hood over my head. There's all these people in there. I can hear 'em. And I lift, they lift the hood up on the string and there's a guy like closer than for me to you Right now with a gun, with a rifle. As soon as the hood goes up, he snaps my head. You're wearing a helmet. But he snaps my head with a, with the muzzle of his rifle. We call it a muzzle snap and or a muzzle strike.


And it knocks me back. And then there's all these people in there that this guy's armed, this guy's unarmed. There's a female over there with a burke on and you don't know what's underneath. And you got another guy with a person with a gun in their head. People are shooting at you and you have to deal and process all that information. Not killing innocent, not killing unknown, and, and deal with the situation. And then, and then they call you back to your box, back to the box. And it's very unemotional. They're, they're done. They're not like, Hey, you could have done this better or why didn't you do that? It's either get the fuck outta here or we're gonna run a scenario. And then you come back to the box and they put the hood back over your head and then lift the hood.


And you're in a totally different scenario. And it might be, it might be the next scenario. They lift up, nobody's shooting at you, everybody's calm or people are yelling and shit and shooting their guns up in the air. And you, you have to figure out who's a threat, who's the unknown, who's an innocent, who's a, who's a, a blue helmet, which would be a, an asset of ours. He obviously can't kill the asset. And, and so they run you through a number of scenarios there doing that. And a lot of, a lot of people, you know, fail that. So, but You did not fail. No. Did you enjoy it?


Yeah, it was challenging. I like it. I like to be challenged and it, and really like it, it's really hard to put you in, in an environment that can be as stressful is what combat is. And, and, and you know, when you're in combat, I mean the decision making has to be on point and very precise. And they did a great job of simulating that kind of stress that you're gonna deal with when it's actually for real. And so I I thought it was a a, a gray drill. What kind of guys were at the training Facility? All former soft.


So it was all seals sf, Delta Dev Group, couple of Rangers, marsoc, which is Marine Special Ops, air Force, CCT, air Force PJs, I think that covers it. So highest, highest level that the US military produces. Yeah. And you had to, you had to have that background just to be able to try out for this specific contract. What was the contract? That was the, they called it the OGA contract, which was the CIA contract. What's OGA stand for? Other government agency.


So then what, So you get it. So Are you still thinking about Jimmy John's at this point or has the box drill just wiped that from your memory? No, no. I was still thinking about it, but so yeah. So then at the end you find out that it is for CIA and you'd already had your, your new clearances done and and they give you dates, kick you out the door. How long was the commitment and where did you go? There's no commitment, at least not that I remember, but first trip was to Kabul, Afghanistan.


And you can do kind of, I mean, Blackwater I think had to 60 day minimum deployments. So you could do up to maybe a hundred something days. And so some guys go and they do a hundred something days, they come home for a week and then they're right back out. And there's guys that do 60 on, 60 off. And So you just kind of come up with your cadence and, and go, What were you doing for CIA and Kabul? So when I started this, it was a protective unit.


And so like the guys that fought in Azi, those, that's the, that's the, the program that I was in. And so it kind of started off as a protective type detail for, for actual operatives. 'cause there is no, I mean there is no Jason Bourne over there. That's why they need people like me, right? 'cause it takes two people to be a Jason Bourne. And so we would help case officers plan their operations, plan their meets, stuff like that. Conduct, and then conduct surveillance, conduct counter surveillance, get 'em kind of whatever they need.


And at the beginning it was, And I wasn't really near the beginning. I mean I think I started contracting in 2007. So the war had been going on for what, about six years. And so towards the beginning I guess. But you know, it was real pain in the ass because I mean, at the beginning of the war, you know, you had all these case officers coming in and, and they're fresh outta school and they don't really understand the environment that they're in. They don't think they need us until they need us. And then they're screaming for us. But it a, a lot of case officers in Chiefs of Station and Deputy Chiefs of Station, that would be the head guy and head C Yeah.


Guy in country. They, they, they kind of saw us as a hindrance to their operations until shit started happening. Like Benghazi coast, a lot of these tragic events that happened. And then every once in a while you'd get like a really good and, and sorry, so let's backtrack a little more. So you Get a lot of these and then you get the old timers that are coming in from the Cold War and they're used to working in a semi permissive environment or a permissive environment where they don't need that kind of shit. Exactly. They can just go and meet their assets Right. And drink their fucking coffee. They were in Vienna in the seventies. Exactly, exactly. Those types. And then they go to Afghanistan, Iraq, Yemen, Pakistan, you know, all these type of places.


And they, they bring that mindset with them and it's like, Hey bud, that shit isn't gonna work here. So these people fucking hate you. And, but every once in a while you'd Get a guy who was a retired Green Beret or a retired Special Operations Marine or a Seal or whoever. And they would, they would look at the, at the, the program that I was in and they would, they would, they would realize like, these guys are all special ops. Like they have a lot of capability that we're not utilizing them for. And so then, then things started getting added to the plate. You know, they're like, Hey, could you guys do X, Y, or Z?


And we're like, oh yeah, we can do all of that. We just, you guys just don't utilize that capability. 'cause I don't think you realize that everybody here is extremely capable of what they do. Not mall cops. And yeah. And so then they started using us for all kinds of stuff. And, and it, it was, some places were interesting, some place was, were an Xbox tour and meaning you just sit around and work out and play Xbox but kind of de depending where you're at. So what was the most interesting, how it all kind of works in some of the meetings that you sit in on and, and, and you know, from a personal standpoint, I've always been fascinated with how people live and extreme poverty.


And, and, and to see like, just to see it and experience it and, and, and be a part of it, try to blend into it was both a challenge and very fascinating To How long did you do this gig? Right around, I think it was a little less than nine years. Nine years? Yeah. Oh, that's a long time. Yeah. Yeah. I took a little break. What Did you think of the CIA Once again? Same, same kind of thing that I thought of the seal teams, this isn't what it is cracked up to be.


Hmm. Like here's an example. First day I get there And I just trying to get the lay of the land. And so, And I don't wanna like talk too much shit. 'cause there are some very capable people and, and the, and like us, like you get in the country, you don't even do anything for the first two weeks. The, they're like, here's a map, here's some keys, other keys over there So you don't burn any of our cars. Take a different one every day. And you need to know this entire city, every back road, every road name, every venue, everything.


Everything about this city you need to know. And if you don't know it in two weeks, then you're out. And So you pair up with another guy that's never been in country and you just hit the roads and you know everything about that city. Kind of dangerous white guys driving around cobble. That was pretty obvious. It is. I mean it is, and you don't always dress up like white guys, but you know, in a place like cobble are bad dad, there's diplomats from every country. There are state departments, CA NSAs, D-E-A-F-B-I In, in the equivalent of that in every NATO country, right?


So there's diplomats everywhere. So sometimes your cover might be your diplomat in state department and sometimes depending on where you're at, you might be dressed up in Muslim, gar. And I mean, they trick the vehicles out so they look local and, and so it's, I mean, you can blend in. You're not gonna, like, you're not gonna blend in, you know, running around the streets. Right. But you'll at first glance it'll pass. And so that's what you do. You learn everyth, everything, everything about the sedan. It'll a lot of, a lot of these places better than I know my hometown.


Hmm. Nine years. So what countries were you working in over that period? I spent the majority of my time in Yemen, Iraq, in Afghanistan. What's Yemen like? It's my favorite place to work. Why? Because it is the poorest country in the Middle East, and probably the most dangerous. And it was, I just, I loved, I, I felt like I was doing more there than anywhere else. And it was, you had to take trade craft extremely seriously.


Very tribal country. The north is completely different than the South. And you had to learn the cultures of both so that if you're operating in the north, that you know how to dress like the Northerners. Do you have to dress like how the Southerners do down in Aiden and, and, and, and try to blend in and, and, and it's also like a spy game there. I mean, the Russians are there, the Iranians are there, the Chinese are there. And so you're trying to figure out where they're operating out of what their safe houses look like. Chinese were always super easy to identify because you would just be passing through Yemen and all these mud huts or safe houses and or just houses. And you know, you drive by the Chinese compound every single time.


They have 120 antennas on the roof. And it's like, nice one guys. But it, it would get, I mean, it, and it's, it's, it's, so you're, so you're conducting, you know, normal operations and dealing with terrorists and assets and all that kind of stuff, you know, for the main initiative. But on the other hand, you're also having to conduct surveillance and counter surveillance from the Russians, from the Chinese, from the Iranians, and any other key players that are in those countries and have to know who's who. And, and, and, and, and they're spying on us. And we're spying on, it's, it's, it's very complex.


Did you chew gut when you were there? No, but I bought some. But you never tried it? Nah, I never tried it. But the whole country's hooked on it, right? Yeah, you would, you would, you would, I mean, it's, yeah, you would see these guys and just the whole, the whole population And I mean, they would just be so zonked out on that. You'd see I'm in a shitty taxi drive with, they're not even blinking and flies are landing on their fucking eyes and it's like, holy shit man. People live like this. This is crazy. And, and yeah, it was, you just never know who you're gonna run into over there either. I mean, what do you mean? I mean, I would, who I would, oh, like other operators, like I'd see, I'd see guys that are in safe houses from other units that are over there, and, And I would see like their call sign up on the, on the board and I'd be like, is that who I think it is?


Oh shit, I haven't seen him since, like, buds when I was in the Seal team and I'd call over there and be like, Hey, get, get up on the roof. I wanna see him. We'd have a phone conversation looking at each other, waving from rooftop to rooftop, like, what? Go over and meet 'em. What are you guys getting into the tonight? And they'd be running operations and killing bad guys. And, and it, it was just, it was very unique and complex to, to be able to work there. So you probably knew the Houthis existed before the rest of us. Yeah. What do you think of the Houthis? I mean, I don't really follow up on it too much these days, but I mean, they took over that damn country in, in no time.


I mean, they yanked the, I can't remember if he was a president or a prime minister or whatever, but they took the whole country when we were there in like a matter of hours. And so they were, they were really effective and woke up one day and all these new checkpoints are out, the, the guy getting yanked out of the palace by the Houthis and, and totally different dynamic and less than 24 hours. Were you ever afraid when you were there? Yeah, a lot. Did Americans ever get hurt when you were there?


No. Interesting. You went up in Latin America. We, we, We, we got shot out a lot and car bombs at the gates and shit like that. But not, not any heavy casualties. No, no deaths. How'd you wind up in South America? Well, when I left I was very addicted to adrenaline and went down to Columbia. I'd always wanted, when I joined the SEAL teams, I was really inspired by the Vietnam generation. I just like was infatuated with that stuff as a kid. Watched all the documentaries of all the seals in Vietnam and, and green bras.


And I, I just wanted to do jungle warfare. And so the closest I could get to that was running counter-drug operations out of Columbia when I, when I joined the Seal teams. And then, you know, nine 11 happened, so definitely wasn't going on to, wasn't going down there. And so I had broken, broken up with a girlfriend And I was like, you know what, I'm gonna go down there and check it out. And so I went down there for a little over a week, loved it at the time of my life doing nothing Christian based and where Cartia is, where I started.


And then one home had a surgery And I was sitting at a bar in Cape Coral, Florida listening to a bunch of lazy entitled Americans talk about their opinion of the war and all this other shit. And I, I just got so fucking tired of listening to the shit on, on people's opinions that had never been there and never done it and never lost anybody. Probably had never even faced any type of hardship in their life. And they're just judging me and all of my friends. And I was like, you know what, I'm fucking outta here man. So I put my house on the market and went back down to Cardena, stayed with a friend.


The Secret Service scandal happened down there. Remember that? Yep. And which kind of like put it on the map for, for people to come visit and Yeah. To go do bad things and, and it became like very Americanized And I was like, ah, I don't wanna be anywhere near Americans at all. And so I, I checked a lot of spots out around Columbia. I went to Cali, I went to Ada, I went to Meine and then camped out Meine for about four years. And Doing what?


Doing what doing. Living a rockstar life. And a lot of cocaine, lot of girls. A lot of basically what I was doing was chasing my adrenaline and 'cause I wanted to feel that all the time. It, it, it creates some type of imbalance in your brain when you have that many adrenaline dumps and you, it's, it's very much like a heroin addiction. And so I went down there And I started doing a lot of shit that I shouldn't be doing, buying drugs that became a big rush. Buying and sourcing and cocaine.


And, and so that's how I would get my thrills. And what were you, was That what you were doing for a living? No, it wasn't for a living man. It was, it was for the rush. And So, you know, I've talked about this on a couple of other podcasts, but you know that there's a lot of like rumors going around there that I was down there working for CIA setting up these drug networks when yes, they do do that. But no, I was by myself on my own program and I've always been fascinated with narcos and, and kingpins and cartels and it's like, it was, it was a major rush for me to go into the worst neighborhoods in Columbia and start setting up net networks and it, it, it, I mean it's extremely dangerous for a gringo to be, I would go in neighborhoods where there were, you couldn't get into the neighborhood without going through at least two checkpoints.


And, and so I would just, I would go in there, I would hang out, I would talk to people. I would buy drugs, cocaine, I would bringing it back to my place, do 'em all then go get more, go get more. What Does cocaine cost? And I did you five Bucks a gram. So about a 20th of what it cost the United States. Yep. And so what I saw, you know, back to my entrepreneurial brains is, you know, what it was going to be is, you know, you get, I admit put mentioned that, you know, secret service kind of put sex vacations on the map for Which is not technically their job.


Right. For rich white people to come down there and, and take advantage of that. And you know, down there, I mean prostitution and these type of things, they're not looked at like they are here. It's an actual legitimate career. And, and So you get these guys that come down and, and that's all they want to do and they want cocaine, but they're all scared to talk to the Colombians 'cause they think they're all cartel and they're all gonna chop your head off. And so what I was gonna be was an intermediary and, and basically Sort of the matri D of Meine, Like, I'll deal with all these people and I'll get you what you want and you can just talk to me For a fee.


For a fee. Did you do that? No. Why? Because I got sloppy And I got ran out of there by the Colombian version of the FBI. Did you go to jail down there? No, as soon as I caught wind of it, I left. And, but I built, I built a network from the ground up. And so just like how I was telling you I take care of my team Right now And I want the best for them and, And I treat 'em with respect And I very giving, I was like that down there.


And so starting with the doorman, you know, And I mean I would live in these penthouses at the top story of the building wherever I was at. And I would make friends with all the guys that were at the door 'cause they control who comes in and out of the building. And so if I went to the grocery store, they got groceries. If I bought cocaine, they got cocaine. If I went to go get booze, they got booze. If I went to go get pizza, they got a pizza. And so I just took care of them all the time. 'cause I knew it would get to the point where they would watch my ass. Yes. And, and so I did that and built a great rapport with them.


And then, you know, nobody knows the town better than taxis. And so I would take taxis and take taxis and try to develop a relationship with different taxi guys that were not scared to go into Barrio Antioquia, which is kind of the, the worst neighborhood down there. And, And I would have my girls help me make decisions and, and tell me about the different taxi drivers that they used to pick them up from the clubs and stuff like that when they were done working or partying or whatever. I mean, and, and so I developed a really good relationship with a couple of different taxi drivers and they would show me everything I need to know all the places that people don't want to go where.


And I would get in with them and then I would get in with the dealers and then the dealers would introduce me to their mid dealer and then they would introduce me to their guy. And, and the network grew so big that if I went to other countries, they would know who I was. And what were you doing for income? Well, I'd made money contracting. And your money goes a lot farther down there than it does in the us so I didn't really need any Hmm. Until I blew it all. But, but so the story goes.


So that's what I did. And got in a lot of really harry situations where I didn't know if I was gonna come out, didn't really care if I did. I had kind of had the Hunter s Thompson mindset where if life gets too boring then I'll just check out. And it was starting to get boring down there. I'd OD'ed a couple times And what's a cocaine od like? So a cocaine od is, you know, when you, I remember my best friend was down there for a little while with me and, and I would always think, oh shit, I probably did too much, I'm gonna die.


And he got tired of me being paranoid about it and he goes, look, he's like, you don't need to worry about ODing on cocaine until things start slowing down when you're on speed and things get slow, that's when you're really riding the line. And that, it happened to me a couple times where it sounded like my voice was in slow motion. The people next to me that, that I was talking to all of a sudden sounded like the Will Ferrell thing where it's like, and I'm like, and you can't talk, you can't get the words out that are in your head and and that's when you know it's about time the lights are gonna go out and, and they did go out, but How do you recover from that?


Lots of Valium. Yeah, exactly. Lots of Valium, Xanax, stuff like that. And, and so, so I had developed these, everything got boring to me. So the women got boring. It sounds weird to say that 'cause it's like, you know, but it did. It's like there's nothing that you could say that I had not done and that got me to go deeper in and go to more dangerous places.


And it Doesn't sound weird at all. It sounds absolutely right. There's no satisfaction in that. Of course it gets boring. Yeah. And so then I started looking up the most dangerous places in the world and I looked up the most dangerous place in the world and it was San Pedro Soula and Honduras. So I went there and started to try to develop a network there just for the rush. What was that like? Got almost arrested on the first night. So I did, it didn't last long. Were the other Americans down there In Honduras? Yeah, not at that time. Which I thrived off that it made me feel really alive.


Like, oh, this is like uncharted territory. Nobody comes here 'cause they're scared to death. Did your dad ever text you to say, Hey, what about the Jimmy John's franchise we're supposed to be doing? Nah, because 2008 happened. And, and so that it got called off at the very beginning of my contract career and then, and yeah. And he went on to do other things and yeah, so, And I was, I was frustrated, but the money was really good contracting. And so I kind of got like stuck in this loop of like, well, I'll just go over there and make a bunch of money and then do whatever the hell I want to do. And yeah, so, so anyways, so the last thing that got me, And I was talking to my dad too, I knew I had a problem And I, I'm really close with my parents, my dad's my hero and I would call him all fucked up on Coke or Valium or Xanax or Hydrocodine or Oxy or whatever.


And 'cause always are drunk and I would allude to my dad, like, I gotta get the hell outta here, I'm gonna die. And, And I wouldn't remember a lot of these conversations. I'd be totally blacked out and he was trying to get me to go get some help and I lied to him, told him I was talking to this Vietnam guy about my experiences And I was, but that guy was a total mess too. And he was there for the same reason. Yeah, exactly. No, this wasn't in Columbia. This was actually in Fort Lauderdale. And same difference. Yeah. And, And I hit, there's this place called, what was it called?


Pointe de los Locos or something, which Bridge of the crazies. And so it was like all these like looked like la lots of tents under an overpass and crazy drug addicts who have no direction in life, who are dirt poor and had a bunch of girls with me. And I went to that bridge and it stacked up a ton of cash and thought it would be a great idea to throw all the cash up and just watch these people like go to town to try to get it. And very, very dangerous part of Meine.


And came back to my building, walked through and the doorman came up and told me that, that the national police had come to question him about me and wanted my passport and all the shit and wanted to know who I was, where I came from, what I'm doing, all of that stuff. And I was pissed. I was like, man, and the guy's name was Freddy and talking to him in Spanish and I'm like, man, I always take care of you. I can't believe you would, you would try to suck more money out of me on this bullshit story.


And he's like, no, he, he was trying to tell me that they had bugged the light outside my door and which I couldn't understand. My Spanish wasn't that good. But eventually I got what he was saying And I was like, this is complete bullshit. There's No way. And he showed me, he said, they have a picture of you at the bridge throwing money in the air. And I had just come from there. And so at that point I knew that he wasn't lying. I was like, okay, literally nobody knows that I did that because it was like 45 minutes ago. And the only people that would know is my taxi guy and the girls that were with me and the crazies that were living under the bridge.


And so he had said that they had set up a observation, basically an an observation point at, at the building across from me and were watching me from that apartment. So I went up and identified it where it was flushed all the coke and went back into my previous life on surveillance and counter surveillance. And I did a, a counter-surveillance route to a couple of different internet cafes, bought a couple of tickets to different places outside of the country and hauled ass to the airport, got got outta there and never went back that day.


Yeah. Was decisive. Yeah. Yeah. It's your hooded box training. Yeah. Yeah. So that's, that's, that's, that's how that ended. How Long between that moment and the beginning of your podcast? Not long. Oh, the podcast. Probably couple years. So it, it, that wasn't that long ago. Yeah. You were leading a life that bears no resemblance at all to the life you're leading Right now. Yeah. Like at All.


Yeah. It took, it took a lot of work, you know, and it took a lot of work to, to clean myself up and, and find a productive direction to start running. And, and, and once, once I discovered business that became my new addiction. What do you make of the claim that you're still working for? CIAI Think it's, I mean, whatever people are gonna think what they think, but people don't understand how it works over there. And so, I mean, I, there there's a part of me that understands it.


I'm like, eh, all right. Like, I didn't really come outta nowhere, you know what I mean? I mean, a lot of people say like, oh, this guy just pops on the map and like fucking gets ginormous. And it's like, you, you didn't see all the backend work that it took to get here. And I started this in my attic as a one man team and then taught my wife how to film. And it was me and her and we only did nine interviews for the first year and a half because I was editing sound video, cutting previews, doing social media packages, doing distribution, doing the research, interviewing, you know, all of that stuff. And so I mean, it, I think it's, you know, what really pisses me off is when somebody that I am paying attention to, because they're bringing things out that I'm into, they're going down rabbit holes and, and conspiracy stuff that a lot of time winds up to be true.


But then, And I think we're all on the same team, and then I'll see him throw something out like, Sean Ryan's a CIA shill. And it's like, dude, I just, I was like totally fucking bought in on what you're bringing to the table and all of your research. It was like really good stuff. And I, I thought it was trustworthy, but when you throw something like that out there, you've just discredited yourself to me because you have no fucking proof because I'm not one, and now I don't believe anything that you say because if you're just gonna loose lip throw shit out there like that, then what else are you fucking throwing out that you have not Verified? That's, I've had some more experiences. Yeah.


I do think that people are paranoid because it is true that the ccia a operates against, you know, the constitution against the law in the United States and it, and it does try and shape news coverage like that's a fact. Yeah, No, I mean I'm, I'm, I I know that that happens and, and and happens all the time. But at the same time, if you've listened to me, I've been extremely hard on CIA and I've talked about things that they have done that make me very paranoid after the interview. Like we, I can't remember if we discussed that an hour ago or if that was last night at dinner, but I mean, I, there it, it, that, that that happens and all the fucking time all over the world.


But you know, I, but nobody is ever able to pinpoint exactly why they think that they just throw it out. Of course. Like, like there was, it really grew traction after I interviewed the founder of Palantir and 'cause I mean, people think that's a big war machine and a and a losing my train of thought here, the military industrial complex type company. And, and, but I mean, guess what buddy? Like we need innovators and we have to innovate. We can't just be doing the same old shit And I wanna know how we're innovating our military capabilities and our, our intelligence capabilities.


And that's a big part of it. And it, you know, to be honest with you, it gives me comfort knowing that we are still innovating as much red tape as we have to deal with. And I, I think that that's what gives me a glimmer of hope when we're talking about global domination and China and all that kind of stuff. Yeah. And, but People don't even under, I don't know why Palantir has such a bad rep. Maybe, you know, something that I don't, but I mean, to me that was fucking genius. It speeds up the decision making process. It speeds up the intelligence gathering. We're able to access information, you know, lightning speed to be ahead of whoever our adversary is.


I Mean, people are mad at Palantir because they disagree with US foreign policy. And I think that's kind of the main, from what I can tell, I'm hardly an expert on the subject, but I think that it's, I mean, not to be a conspiracy nut, but your, you know, public performance over the past five and a half years has, you know, been run counter to the aims of the ccia A I would say, I mean it has And so to tell people that you yourself are working for the CIA secretly is a way to discredit you. Yeah. That if I were the CIAI would be encouraging, I guess that's what I'm saying. Yeah, that's a good point.


That is a good point. I mean, I, I'm very hostile to see, I I've said that many, many times. It, it doesn't stop people from claiming that I secretly work there. Yeah. So, and I've always thought that maybe that was, You know, part of, I mean, I've challenged people too. I, 'cause I I think about it, I mean, it would be impossible, you know, I mean they might, they might have somebody in operative do a five hour interview and they might say, Hey, this is all we need you to get in that interview is this one fucking sentence.


And so the whole other five hours could be complete bullshit except for the one little thing that they want injected into that interview to create some type of a narrative. And I'm always trying to look out for that. But it would be impossible. It would be impossible to figure out what exactly that is. If if that operative is good and they, they'll do other things. Like they may do other things like, Hey, we know that this happened. You're gonna go to this show and you're gonna talk about this. And then two weeks from now that's gonna come out in the media.


Or we'll wait until the interviewer releases that specific episode and then two weeks after we're gonna release this to the press and then they're gonna say, this was said on this show by this person before it ever came out of the media. And then when it comes out in the media, 'cause right, everybody hates the media, but they still fucking watch it all the time. That builds credibility to the operative, you know what I mean? And then they, and then, and then they go, Oh, I know what you mean. Okay. You're tracking. So, Oh, I I'm watching it all around me. So do, Do you feel that, have you ever had a guest where you thought, huh?


Yeah. Really? Yeah. That this person might be Yeah. Acting on behalf of inte agency? Not a couple of them. Any confirmation on that? No. You know, gut instinct, I don't want to name a bunch of names because I, if they're not, I don't want to, of course, you know, but I, I just did a really good interview with this guy, Blara sro, who was an asset. He got recruited outta prison and then he, he got recruited in prison by the CIA a to right after nine 11 to make friends with all of the Muslim Brotherhood, all the terrorists that were in there.


And so he built a network in there and then when he got out of prison, and so he would report back to the agency about like, Hey, this is what this guy has done, this is what he's a part of. These are the people he talks to. 'cause they all trusted him because this guy basically became like the head moula of the prison system. And when he got out, agency gets back in touch with him and said, Hey, you're gonna use this network and you're gonna, you're your, your cover is going to be, you're building a Al-Qaeda cell and Macedonia. And so he, he would set up shop in Macedonia and he would go into Pakistan and go into Afghanistan and Syria, Iraq, I ran all these Russia, all these places.


And he would meet with the head, the head of the ha Haqqani network, the head of the Taliban, the head of Al-Qaeda, like very, I I ca I, he didn't meet specifically with Bin Laden, but he is like one step away. And so that's a dangerous job. No kidding man. That's the real Jason Bourne shit right there. And what he would do is say, Hey, you know, I'm recruiting because I'm setting up a terrorist cell in Macedonia. And then they would give him all of these weapons. They give him bombs, rocket launchers, guns, mines, and you name it. And then basically what he would do is tell 'em that that shipment is, is he would take care of logistics and to get that to Macedonia.


But what he would really do is get it to the agency and then supposedly they would destroy it. And why, why do you say supposedly they would destroy it? Well, who knows? You know, I don't know. But 'cause I don't trust him. But the, so then he has an assassination attempt. CI he cuts him, he gets pissed off. He's still pissed off, rightly so. At the same time I'm like, how do you think this works, man? Like you, you got burned. They don't use burned assets like you're irrelevant at this point.


And then he started telling me about getting uranium out of Russia. And so we kind of had this discussion and you know, Russia is a big, obviously a big topic of discussion. Some people think we should be in Ukraine, some people don't. And, and some people think Russia's our allies, some people don't. And, and I'm kind of like, this isn't really our war, why are we involved? But, but he had, I said, well, what are they gonna do with these? And he said that, that, that they wanted to get 'em into the US and it would blow, it would kill half a million people. And I asked him if he thought he'd done that and, but it didn't really fit in the interview.


It didn't fit, you know what I mean? It did not fit in the interview. Do I Know what you mean? Yes. In fact, I was just thinking that as you were speaking, like we're, We're talking about all these other things. I don't trust This for a Second. And then all of a sudden we get to Russia. And so I just called him right there on the interview. I was like, you know what goes through my mind? I, I said, when's the last time you had contact with CIA? That was Exactly what I was Just thinking. And he said, January 16th or something in 2022, like knew the exact date and got really flustered. And I mean, I would probably be flustered too if somebody just said that. And I, I wasn't, but I said, you know, what goes through my head is what if somebody contacted you, knowing you were coming on the show to say that you were getting uranium to Al-Qaeda to sneak into our country to blow us up.


A lot of, a lot of people wanna see us go to war with Russia. Did he tell you that Iran was trying to assassinate Donald Trump too? No, That's my favorite. No, Iran was trying to assassinate Donald Trump. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. But, but I called him on it because it didn't fit in the interview. Yeah. And it was almost like, shit, I lost my opportunity to insert this into the interview, so now I gotta swing for the fence and just drop it. And it just immediately clicked in my brain and then I got paranoid again. I'm like, Jeremy, you go, sorry buddy, you gotta fucking switch your phone out. Like you've been texting with this guy who knows what came in and, and, but I mean, you, you never really know.


It's gonna be a gut instinct, you know? And so, but I wanted to say that out because if they're watching then they probably are, then they know that I know that I'm a target. So I'm a little bit shocked. I sort of knew the rough outlines of your life, but I didn't realize like 20 minutes ago you were living in Columbia and then you were on the, I mean this just happened not 20 years ago, like seven years ago. Yeah. So that's gotta be one of the hardest pivots, one of the most profound transformations I've ever seen. I don't really could have known anyone who's come this far in a separate direction in such a short period of time.


You're not even 50. Where do you think it goes from here? Who knows? Man, I do wanna say something though. You know, I, I think a lot of people think that kind of shit that I was doing down in Columbia is cool and it's adventurous and yeah, there was a lot of a journal And I, hold on. It was a good time. It was definitely adventurous, but Like In good or bad, I, I think we can say that was adventurous. But you know, it, it was a, I mean, who knows where I would be if I didn't do that And I would've started this earlier, you know? And, and it's just No way to live. And everybody that you think is your friend is fake and everybody just wants to take advantage of you. And once you get through the initial phase of, oh man, this is like the coolest life.


It's the loneliest fucking life that you can lead and, and almost died because of it. And several times and, and you know, how would it have turned up if I would've OD'ed in one of those penthouses and my parents who I love so much and finds out, oh yeah, there's our son, the Navy Seal, CIA contractor decomposing in a fucking penthouse in Columbia. 'cause he OD'ed on cocaine. And that scenario went through my head a lot of times. And so I just, you know, I just, I don't want to encourage anybody to do that. That was a low point in my life and something I'm not proud of.


And you've been A, i I would say pretty vocal advocate for sobriety. Yeah. In this job. How many of the guys who work for you are sober? Almost the majority of the team. I think there's two guys that drink. Do you think Sobriety's gonna catch on as a way to live? Absolutely. I think it's already a catch. There's a, there's a huge wave. It's like the new thing to do, it seems like, but True, truly sober. Just like not using pills, alcohol. Yeah. You do you think we're in the middle of some kind of Christian revival?


Absolutely. A hundred percent. I mean, have you seen, have you seen the baptism parties that are going on at, at colleges that look like, it looks like it's a kegger crazy tailgate party and they're baptizing people in the back of the back of trucks and Yeah, I think there's a huge wave going on. I think so too. It's cool to see. Do you think the US government can continue, Continue what To exist? Do you think the current system can continue? I think it will continue. You do?


'cause it does feel like we're moving towards something Like a one world government. I'm not sure what, I'm not sure what, but it seems like so much change in a short period of time. The scales falling for so many people realizing that, you know, what they believed was real is not questions. People are asking the resurgence of Christianity in the country. I mean, every, it all seems to be happening at once And I know, you know, in every age people think the end is near. But does that ever occur to you? I think it will. I think it will continue to exist until people no longer have the appetite for it to exist.


You think we're pretty far from that? Yeah. Goes back to critical thinking. Yeah, maybe that's right. Last question 'cause I can't resist, I know you spent a lot of your time talking about this, but having fired every firearm, been trained on every firearm, what are your favorite firearms? Favorite firearms? Yeah. I like lever actions. Come on, you're Now I I I do too. My, they're my favorite. But like, I mean, I'm tired of all the tactical black gun shit. I mean that's, that was my life for 14 years, you know? And, but I have a lot of them.


But, But you Do. But I don't get excited about 'em. I get excited about lever actions. Now if you're gonna ask me, you know, shit, it's the fan. What am I going to, it definitely isn't gonna be my lever action. It's gonna be my AR because I know that like the back of my hand and it's a tool that I'm really good with. So, But when you shoot for fun, you with just open sites? Yeah, open sites. You know what I really like is, I don't even know what it's called, but it's a revolver, but it's the, you know, you lift the little thing up and you have to load it one by one. Yeah. Like the, what is That? Like the 12 shot 20 twos that they, the cowboy guns? Yeah. Yeah. They got a a a 45 long colt one.


Is It just single action? Yeah. Dude, I love it. It with the cool. I can't hit a damn thing with it, but, And it's got the pin that you push the yes. The holes out with Yes. I love that thing. Really? Yeah. Talk about your life going for full circle. So you went from like, you know, some high tech Kimber to a single action. Yeah, I love it. Cowboy gun. I love it. And you went from the AR platform to the lever. What do you, what, what do you prefer? The lever gun chamber in 3 57. I knew I liked You 3 57 revolve. Same ammo, side arm, man, long gun. That's, That's my f that's my favorite pair. Right. And I, I could see beneath the, beneath the fame, I knew that you were the kind of man who preferred 3 57, which is, I love it.


The straight wall cartridge. Amen. Shawn Ryan, thank you very much. Thank you. And congratulations. Thank you. It was an honor being here. You're, you're one of, you're one of the people, and this is not true for everybody, but every time I see some marker of your like, continuous success, I, I'm thrilled. I'm thrilled by it. And I mean that, well That means a hell of a lot coming From you. I'm not joking at all. I thought. And part of it is just like my narcissism because I saw you, 'cause my nephew sent me a clip from you And I was like, that guy's really talented. I like knew instantly I knew you'd be successful. And the fact that you had no background whatsoever, I didn't quite realize how far you were back. You did not go to the Columbia School of Broadcasting. But your, your natural ability to interview people and to listen to them and to empathize with them.


I, it just came right off the screen And I was like, that guy's gonna be a star. And you have been. And I just find it thrilling. Thank you Todd. Thank you. That means A lot. Thank you. And congratulations on all your success as well. Yeah, it's been cyclical. Oh, an alp. Can I just say, I never do this. I'm proud to call this man an ALP user. Pser. Thanks. I love it. We wanna thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it, good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bells So you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter.


Telling the truth always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.