
Your data is like gold to hackers, and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com. Cancel any anytime terms apply.


So you were pretty much the first person Trump chose after he got elected. I think it was the end of that week, right? Yeah, I, I believe I was. Can you summarize in one sentence what you plan to do with the job? Well, look, we had a discussion that night, and he gave me three rails. Three things he wants me to do. Number one is secure the border. Yeah. Shut the border down. Number two, run the biggest deportation operation this country's ever seen. And third, he wants me to lead an effort to find the over 300,000 missing children that were trafficked into this country. And this administration cannot locate 'em.


Welcome to Tucker Carlson Show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else. And they're not censors, of course, because we're not gatekeepers. We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly. Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's the episode. So, seal the border, deport the illegals, find the missing children, right? 300,000. Yes. What's go in order, seal the border. How? What has happened? Do you have a sense now over a month after Trump's victory of just how big the invasion was under Biden? Do we know? Well, we know that we, we can document over 10, 10 million counters, 10.5 that we can document, then we can document over 2 million getaways.


Right? These are known getaways. What is a known getaway? These are people we, we, we cap capture an image on drone video. Is that in addition to the 10? Yeah. So, so at least 12 million people Have been encountered at a border. 10. 10.5 been encountered over two. We got, we got, we know there're a getaway 'cause there's a, we capture on drone traffic, video traffic or sensor traffic. And border chose over one. They couldn't respond. So we, we know there was at least 12.5 million people at that border. So that's like, that's like New York plus Chicago. It's a historic number, which is one of the reasons why I wake up pissed off every day.


Because we went from the most secure border in my lifetime. I started in 1984 as board patrol agent worked for six presidents. Where did you start? By the way? I was border patrol Agent Campbell, California, San Diego sector. Yep. But to go from the most secure border of my lifetime under President Trump based on data. Right. That's just my opinion. That's data. Go from the most secure border of my lifetime to historic illegal immigration and one administration. That's by design. That's not mismanagement. Yes. That's by design. What do you think the goal was? You know, I asked that a lot of you, why would anybody open the border up? I think Joe Biden's the first president in, in American history, who came in office and unsecured the border. I worked for, you know, six presidents.


Obama and Clinton took steps to secure the border because they understand You can possibly can't have, there's no way You can have strong national security if you're on border of security. You need to know what's coming, who's coming and where it's coming and why it's coming. Joe Biden's first president came in office and unsecured a border. And people ask me all the time why I, I think they see a future political benefit. I think they see, think these people be future democratic voters, number one, two. But we don't even have to get there. Right. Tucker? I mean, when, when Biden signed over nine executive orders getting rid of everything we did, he also overturned the Trump census rule where mans will be able to go, aliens be counted in all these sanctuary cities, which is gonna result in more seats in the house with the, And they re proportionate seats in the house.


House. Can that be undone? Oh yeah. I think President Trump needs to get, when he gets back in, when he, he needs to establish the other census rule illegal and should not be counted as census. Well, yeah, because illegal foreign citizens, non-Americans should not be able to determine how many members of Congress do you have and where they sit. Exactly. I think President Trump will reinstitute the, the game changing policies he had during the first administration. So we can secure the border. We did it before this time, we're gonna finish the job. How many came through Canada? Do you know? I don't Have it off the top of my head that, but I know the number, depending on what sector you look at, is 600 to 800% increase on the northern border, specifically in upstate New York where I grew up.


And I still have a home up there. So I'm very familiar with that area. And I talk to border patrol chiefs up there all the time. Northern New York. It has a huge problem. And, and the, and the, the problem with, with northern border, a lot of Sias come through the northern border. They can afford to fly to Canada and cross the northern border, which is wide open because there's a lot of border and very few agents. So a lot of Indians, a lot of Pakistanians, a lot of Turk, Turkish come through the northern border. WI mean, who organized this? You say it was by design. There are a lot of NGOs involved. The United Nations is involved. A bunch of religious charities, pretty evil religious charities in my opinion, involved in this.


But they seem to be coordinating with one another. What do we understand exactly what happened? You know, we're still looking into it. I think under the Trump administration it needs to be an investigation. And what happened, who was involved. I know I've had numerous conversation with Mark Green, who is the chairman of Homeland Oversight. He plans on having some oversight hearings on this pacifically when it relates to the NGOs, you know, I think they were complicit. A lot of this illegal immigration and certainly United Nations were, were south of our border working on, on this global illegal immigration to the United States. So I'm counting on the new Congress, which we now have control of both the House and the Senate to conduct oversight hearings and hold people accountable.


There's no way, again, there's no way this is mismanagement or incompetence. This is by design. And do I think Joe Biden had the expertise to do it? No, I think someone's pulling his strings. So this is something that needs to be fully investigated. People need to be held accountable because, you know, Oh, they need to go to wreck the country. They need to go to prison. They Created the biggest national security vulnerability this nation's ever seen. We got a record number of people on terrorist Washington being arrested. We got 2.2 million people. And this is my biggest issue I brought up the last two years. It's just not about illegal immigration anymore. You cause a crisis this big to overwhelm with a border patrol where many times 70% of agents were pulled off the line dealing with this humanitarian crisis. Right?


Change the diapers, making baby formula, making hospital runs, doing that humanitarian mission left, leaving 30% of our homeland security officials left securing the border. There was times in the last two years where a hundred percent, 100% of border police were pulled off the line, such as in El Paso. Because when they, when they got overcrowded, this administration said, wait, we can't have overcrowding. That's a bad optic. So let's pull every agent off the line process as quick as possible, release as quick, quick as possible because there's no overcrowding, there's nothing to see here. The border is so secure. So when you, when when you overwhelm the border patrol, that's one of the bad things happen. That's when we got 2.2 million getaways.


Right? That's when the fentanyl comes across to kill a quarter million Americans. That's, that's why sex trafficking of women and children is up 600%. That's why the number of migrant deaths at that, at a as a is that a historic high. So this what they people call this innocent illegal immigration crisis made a lot of bad things happen because the border patrol was strictly, overwhelmingly couldn't do the National Security Fund. Well, it changed the culture of the United States, which is worse than any of the things that you, and more permanent than any of the things you listed. You can't run in and change people's ancient culture. I've been here for two 50 years. You can't do that. No. It's the worst crime ever committed against the us. Worse than the Civil War, in my opinion. So, but the question is like, who did this and why?


So the United Nations, we pay the largest share of the UN budget. You know, we should have some ability to control what the UN does, but they commit this act of war against us. Do we know who did at the UN and why? I do not. But it's something that's going to be, I I I believe it should be investigated. I'm pushing people, I'm coming to the administration with that. We need to investigate it. Again, I've, I've talked to numerous representatives on the hill that swear they're going to have hearings on this and we need to, American people need to know exactly what happened, who was responsible. Do you think that the fentanyl traffickers known as the cartels?


I guess I'm not exactly sure what that means. I'd like to ask you actually, but you keep reading and hearing that they have control of parts of the Southwestern United States. First of all, what is a cartel? Who are they, where are they from? And do you think that's true? Well, the criminal cartels in Mexico, they, they are born out of the narcotics smuggling in industry in Mexico. And they're powerful. Look, they're like a Fortune 500 company. Yes. They're just not a gang anymore. Right? Yeah. Halco cartels is, they're in over 45 countries of the world. Right. And not are they responsible for moving narcotics in this country? They're also, they're, they're, they're currently in every major city in the United States. 'cause not only are they smuggling the drugs in, in the United States, they're taking over distribution within the United States.


Yeah. Right. So again, and, and I said this at the RNC and I, and President Trump agrees with me. These criminal cartels have killed more Americans than every terrorist organization in the world combined. Right. And every war that more than second World War. So that's why they need to be designated terrorist organizations and wiped off the face of the earth. And it's gonna take the United States to do it. Mexico has failed to do it, even if they tried to do it. Bottom line is much of the Mexican military. Much, much of the Mexican law enforcement, much of the Mexican government's corrupt. That's just a fact. Well, then why, okay, so I noticed that the incoming administration just basically toppled the prime Minister of Canada, who's a thoroughly evil person called Justin Trudeau.


And by just by threatening tariffs, they kind of fixed the Canada problem. Trump fixed it in about, I don't know, 20 minutes. But how much more leverage do we have over Mexico? I mean, we're the entire economy of Mexico. Yeah. Why don't we do that with Mexico? Well, we are, president Trump has threatened tariffs and she's The president seems to, seems to say she's going to help, we'll see if her actions match her words. But President Trump has a lot of power over Mexico. Look, the tariffs alone, Mexico needs us more than we needed them. Right. And look, I'm not saying every cop, every soldier and every politician in Mexico's corrupt, but many are. That's just a fact. When I was ICE director, we had vetted units. We worked with law enforcement down there. We vetted 'em so we can work with 'em.


But we didn't even tell the vetted units everything we know because we just couldn't be sure. Right. But p Trump has a lot of leverage. Remember when I be, when I became board ladies in 1984, my, one of my first assignments outta the academy was protecting a port of entry in ate California. Because we had a DEA agent that was tortured and murdered. Kiki Kamran, I think You remember that. I remember very well. And they wouldn't help us to, to identify and turn over the people responsible. Ronald Reagan shut down the port of entries and what it take him two days. All of a sudden, we, we know who, who committed crime. And so President Trump can obviously do that. He can end all the visas. No. And the tourist visas, the, the business visas. There's a lot of power he has over Mexico.


And he needs President Trump's willing to do whatever it takes to protect our sovereignty and protect this country. And he iss ready to do it. He proved the first time, you know, when remain in Mexico program, Mexico didn't wanna do that. Third state country agreements. Mexico didn't wanna do that. They didn't wanna put 10,000 military on their, on their border. Where President Trump threatened with tariffs And they came to the table. There are so many nice Mexican people. I mean, most Mexican people I've met, I really like that. We forget that the government's very anti-American is not our ally in any sense. We spend all this energy being mad at Assad, whoever, who cares? And we live next to this country that's helping to kill hundreds of thousands of Americans every year. No one ever says anything about it.


Don't, don't you think it would be worth shifting some of that emotional energy and military resources to like countries right next to us who are hurting us? I'm a hundred percent with you. And that's why I've been pushing for the, to Mexico to come to the table and be accountable. It's against the law of Mexico to trafficking women and children. But they don't do anything about it. It's against the law of Mexico to transit to that country. If you're from another country. Yeah, well, a transit visa. But they allow it. I mean, look at the beast, the big train that thousands of people came up every weekend. They didn't do anything until President Trump got in office and had him put a stop to it. I mean, but good thing is a lot of countries are willing to come to the table right now. Mexico says they're going to, let's see what they do.


I'll be deeply involved in those conversations. Panama Panama wants to come to the table and help the United States secure our border by shutting down a Darien gap. This administration said they're going to do it. Secretary Mayorca said he was going to do it. Panama never got any funding to do it. And they never got anything done with, with this administration. They were coming to the table. Again, we will shut down a Darien gap. But please help us. We will help them. Darien gap, shutting the daring gap down and be a huge game changer on illegal migration to this country. But again, given the economic leverage the United States has, I that shouldn't take more than a weekend, right? It's gonna be pretty quick. I mean, we're going to, we're gonna come to the table. What we need Mexico to do, remain in Mexico program a game changer that needs to happen quickly.


That was a game changer. 'cause after about two months, they stopped coming. They stopped coming 'cause they knew they weren't being released into the United States to not show up in court. Even if they show up in court, no one's looking to remove 'em. Because on this administration, ICE can't arrest somebody for simply being illegally in the United States. Secretary, mayor has made that clear. They gotta have a criminal conviction before ICE can even look at 'em. Even those, they're illegally here. So the remain in Mexico was the game till they stopped coming. They stopped selling everything. They had given the cartels every dollar they had to come to the United States to be released. When the Remain in Mexico program came into PO came into place. They stopped coming. When they stopped coming.


Look at the lives that were saved. Look at the money that was saved. If, if someone's really escaping fear and persecution from their homeland, from their government, home government, if they're really escaping fair and persecution, they're gonna be willing to wait in Mexico for their hearing. But most of 'em know. But why would the US take anybody who's, I mean, why is it our job given our appalling track record around the world of like trying to make things better? You make them worse because the world's super complicated. Why do we have an obligation to take anybody from anywhere, ever? I don't really get, where does that come from? Well, That was the genius of the remaining Mexico program. Right? Because The President Trump, I remember sitting in the office over office one day we were talking about this and I was trying to explain to him, And he understood clearly what the whole situation on asylum is.


I told 'em that if you look at the data immigration court data, about nine outta 10 people who claim asylum at our border never get relief from US government because they simply don't qualify. They don't show up in court. Then you look at the Homeland Security Lifecycle report, a report that's put up, the Homeland Security, for instance, family units for those that were ordered removed, only 6% leave. So when I explained to President Trump, nine outta 10 don't even have a, a valid claim. But when that nine outta 10 gets order removed, 6% leave, he says, you know, he didn't take him long. Say, why the hell are we doing this? Yeah. So let's not let 'em in. Let's have her remain in Mexico program. If you're really skating fair and persecution, you wait.


In Mexico, if you win your case, which are very few, welcome into the United States, but if you don't win your case, we don't have to go find you. And we're not putting this message out to catch and release. So people keep coming knowing they're gonna release in the United States at the same time, knowing when they lose their case. No one's looking to remove them. That whole dynamic's gonna change. Yes. Right. Because I've said I, I've been real clear since the day President Trump appointed me. If you're in the country illegal, you got a problem. Right? If we don't take the judge's order immigration court, when you order your remove And he gets a deportation officer deportation order, if we don't execute those orders, then what the hell are we doing? Shut down. The immigration court doesn't make, don't mean anything anymore.


Take the border off the border. 'cause there's no consequences for entering this country illegally. We'll give you due process, but when you're order removed, you're going to be removed. Or if we don't, we send the message to the whole world. You can enter the country illegal, which is a crime. You can see a judge or not see a judge get an order of removal. No one's looking for you. And that's what the Democrats are doing on this administration. They have overwhelmed the system released millions of this country immigration. The court doc has pushed back seven maybe as much as nine years. Like in New York. By that time when they get an order removal, they got two or three USC kids, right? Then everybody's complaining, you can't remove that guy. He is got three UC kids. When I was vice director, I got calls from Republican senators, why'd you remove that person?


He has two UC children. Well, he didn't have two USC children to inter country legally. He didn't have two USC children, Republican senators. Oh Absolutely, they're the worst. And I said, I said, well, what's my option? He had due process a great taxpayer expense. He was already moved by federal judge. The option is to slam mistake. And if, if we're gonna do that, how many more do you wanna stay then when we gotta send a clear message, we're in national law, you get order removed, you're gonna be removed. If not, we send a message to the whole world, enter illegal, commit a crime, go have a US citizen child. And you're off the hook.


As An American, you ought to expect and demand freedom and privacy. Those are your birth rights. But big tech conglomerates working hand in glove with the government are denying you those rights. Everything you do online winds up in a profile that they buy and sell in a way that means you being bought and sold. You are the product. Thankfully, there's a way to keep that information shielded. It's called Express. VPN. With Express VPN. All of your online activity travels through a secure server that allows nobody, not your internet provider, not your boss, not any government, to see what you're doing. This product is very easy to use. All it takes is one click and it works on every one of your devices, laptops, tablets, phones, even smart TVs. Until we make it illegal to buy and sell personal information. And we're hoping that does happen. You've gotta protect yourself the way that we do. And that's with ExpressVPN right now. You get extra three, three months when you use our special link, go to ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker and get three extra months of ExpressVPN. That's ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker.


Give your kids a summer full of fun and learning. Give them ID tech. ID Tech camps are all about high energy, fun meeting new friends and are taught by elite instructors located at 75 prestigious college campuses all across the country. Id tech features over 50 epic courses like BattleBots, AI and machine learning, coding game design and more. There's something for every kid, ages seven to 17 at id tech. Sign up@idtech.com and use code id tech to save $150 on a week of a lifetime.


Is there any way to move millions of Haitians into rich, white liberal neighborhoods? I mean it, I mean it. The people who did this are rich white liberals in the United States who hate themselves and the country and to punish it, they invited all these people illegally from failed countries. But they can't stand the idea of living near these people 'cause they're racist. So why wouldn't you move every Haitian to Bethesda and Brookline and Aspen and Martha's Vineyard in Nantucket like today. Can we do that? I will donate money if we can do that. We absolutely could do. Look what Martha's Vineyards did. They put a, you know, this whole thing thing They call the cops immediately 'cause they're racist. Governor Abbott done more secure this border than anybody in this administration.


Guy's. Great. DeSantis is the same. Do you know who first came up with the idea of busting people sanctuary cities? It was President Trump. I remember sitting in the Oval Office one time And he said, why don't we do that? So we started putting plans together. But the remaining Mexico program was such a game changer. We couldn't fill a bus up if we wanted to. So we beat the, we we beat the problem before we got actually got to that. That was really the Problem though, is that the people doing it didn't have a precise enough understanding of rich, what liberal culture, but I do. So they would bust 'em to New York, then they wind up in midtown in Queens. Okay. None of the people who are doing this were affected by it. But I could give you a list of zip codes where like Tony Blinken lives and stuff like that. 'cause I know that world, they need to be moved into the neighborhoods of the people who are calling you racist for wanting to have laws and borders.


Like they need to feel the effects of their own destruction. So just text me and I will send you the zip codes. I mean it too, because what happened is they opened the borders and then all these people like moved to Jackson, Wyoming to the least diverse zip codes in the, in the country. They literally ran to the hills to get away from diversity. I think we need to add to that though. The, the, the senators and congressmen are pushing back on inboard border security 100%. You know, Moving the illegal aliens right outside of the Vice President Kamala Harris' resident. That was a game changer too. So I I think not only, not only those who are well financed, how about the politicians who are pushing back against any, any form of enforcement of our board of Laws.


Well, that's why Bernie Sanders needs a ton of Haitians in Vermont because it, it's just, it's appallingly. It's blindingly white. It needs to change. I, I couldn't agree more so, but just back to the cartel question. I don't, I don't know that much about it, but I keep hearing, I think informed people say, man, you know, parts of New Mexico, Arizona, California, even Florida, Texas, or you know, there's real control by these cartels in the way that they control Mexico. I mean, they're basically a, a state within a state with their own army and armor personnel carriers and tanks. And like, well, you know, do you think that's real? Do you think they have that kind of beachhead here? Oh, absolutely.


As I said earlier, they're like a Fortune 500 company. They're well financed. They're diversified in their, in their funding. And look, I've seen a lot of intelligence report. They, they, they have access to military grade rep weapons. They'll take the Mexican military on and Mexican law enforcement. They do all the time. And it's just not my opinion. They, they have control. Operation control. Yes. Or southwest border. And I've talked to chief patrol agents who will agree with me. They've lost operation control in southwest border. One chief patrol agent use the term broken arrow. I was on the phone the one time. He goes, Tom, I can't contain what's coming across. I'm lucky I'm catch the 10% of it. The criminal cartels knowing the, they, they, this administration calls this huge human humanitarian crisis and overwhelmed the border tells, we discussed earlier, and whatever assets that's left on the border, left the patrol, the criminal cartels.


You think a a hundred family units or 200 family units show up accidentally at the same place at at a certain time. No. The cartels control that. Right. They'll send a group to one area knowing whatever left on the border was seized to that humanitarian crisis. Right. They have to go deal with that. They create gaps in the system. That's when they move the fentanyl that's killed a quarter million Americans. That's why sex trafficking is up 600%. The cartels, they create gaps in our system and, and that's where they operate. And, and for the de democratic democratic representatives up on the hill saying, well, most fentanyl comes through the port of entry. That's, that's just a bunch of garbage. Most fentanyl is re is seized at a port of entry. 'cause every vehicle stopped. And, and based on the CBP targeting system, which is law enforcement sensitive, but, and based on the re the re responses to the questions, chances are they'll get secondary and they'll find some things between the port of entry we're, we're maybe touching 10%.


Yeah. So if I'm a criminal cartel, I'm gonna use a route of lease resistance. I know my vehicle's gonna be stopped at port of entry. Will it be secondary or not? I don't know. But between the port of entry with 70% of the agents off the line, that's where I'm gonna move my product. I mean, it's not rocket science. Just right over the open border You mean? Absolutely. So I, I know I'm jumping around, but I have too many questions for you. I read in the last three days, it's hard to believe this could be true that the Biden administration auctioned off portions of the unfinished border wall at bargain basement prices. Is that true? Yes. I actually had a conversation with Senator Lindsey Graham two days ago. Someone needs to take some action because this is, this is products that the taxpayers already paid for and they're gonna auction off.


And now, you know, Texas talk about buying it back, shouldn't have to buy it back. We bought it once before. Right. This administration's out. They're out in, you know, a couple more weeks. Why would they continue to set us up for failure? That's what they're trying to do. Right? President Biden signing all these executive orders, they wanna sell the border product. I thought the American people on election day gave us country clear mandate. They wanna secure border. This administration's gonna stop at, they won't stop at anything to slow us down. It's not gonna slow us down. We're gonna get that border wall finished. But the, the, the mirror stupidity of some of the stuff on pennies on the dollar, every taxpayer should be What's an act of hate toward the country?


Of course. Well, they obvious, you know, I've said it many times. They hate Trump more than they love the country. For Sure. And I think they hate the country more than they hate Trump. Even he represents the country to them. The old country that they tried to change with immigration. Do you know my orcas? I know him. How would you assess him? I used to respect him under President Obama. I got a, I got a Presidential rank award under President Obama. 'cause I oversaw the removal of, you know, well over a million aliens during that three year period. My orchids actually accompanied me on operations in New York City targeting criminal aliens and illegal aliens.


Both Jay Johnson approved the family operation because, you know, a lot of families were coming across during the Obama administration. And I told Jay Johnson, look, nine out 10 these families going to be ordered removed. Are we gonna remove them? He said, absolutely. Jay Johnson stood by that I ally my orcas, Alejandro my orcas went on operation with a seat, backed me up on a lot. The only, the, the main thing we disagreed on is the transgender policy where you wanted special treatment for transgenders in ice detention. I was ordered to sign that policy and that What kind of special treatment? Making sure they're, they're, they're identified as being a transgender or protected in our facilities and, you know, separated and, and get medical attention with his hormone therapy or whatever it was.


And Wait, so he wanted the US government to pay for hormone therapy. Yeah. And we got a huge argument over that. And I was ordered to sign a memo and that's where, kind of where it had a fallen out. But Do you have any, why would he want, I mean, first of all, how many transsexual illegal aliens are there? You'd be surprised how many we run across And they just, you know, they, they wanted certain protections form in our facilities. Well, Alejandro Mayorkas went and operat with me. He shook hands of officers who were enforcing immigration law. I remember we went to New York City on a huge operation rest, a lot of illegal aliens. And he was nominated to be secretary. I thought, okay, we we're in the middle of this crisis again.


Right. He knows how we stopped it. We stopped it by building detention facilities, including family residential centers in the so-called, so-called cages. Right. He knew how we stopped it. We stopped by building more detention facilities, detaining people, making 'em have a hearing. 'cause if you're in detention, you have a hearing within like 35 days. Nine outta 10 lost. We put 'em in an airplane, sent 'em home. Then board number tanked. So I'm thinking, okay, he knows how to fix it. He might be able to do this job. He got into the job. It's, he's a complete 180. I don't recognize him anymore. He's about not enforcing law. One of his first instructions to ice is that being in the country illegally on its own is not enough for you to go make an arrest. You gotta wait till they're convicted of a serious criminal violation.


How can, how can a federal administrator ignore federal law? Isn't that un Why can't he be arrested for that? It's illegal. I mean, the fifth circuit judge, federal judge in the Fifth Circuit said, not only are they ignoring the law, they're actually violating the law. Again, that's when we need to hold these people accountable. And the, the incoming administration, I believe they violated the law. And The fact that Congress never did anything about that as really telling, well That's, you know, well they went through the impeachment proceedings and I said at the time that they, we, I think we had five or six Republican congressmen that didn't vote for impeachment. I couldn't believe it. And I, I thought they lost the right to be a congressman at that point. I mean, if they can impeach President Trump from making a phone call, you can't, you can't impeach Alejandro Mayor Yorkers, what he did to this border.


The biggest national security vulnerability this nation's ever seen. Look, me and Christopher Ray, you know, I'm not a friend of his. I don't really respect the man much, but he, he agrees with me that the border has become the biggest vulnerability this nation's ever seen. You sees more red flags ever before. And they continue with the open border, even to this day after election. Now they're gonna sell border wall material that we're gonna need in day one. We're getting in there. The, the, the, the, the illegal behavior, the, the, the treasonous behavior from this administration has not stopped. What do you think happened? It's so interesting. I'm glad I asked you if you knew him. I, I didn't know that you did. But since you do, what do you think happened to my orcas? You Know, I, as an agent since 1984, I I think I, you know, we study people.


That's what we do. Either he fooled me in under the first, under the Obama administration And he actually believed in enforcement. Either I was hoodwinked and just thought he was in behind enforcement or, or, or he always felt that way. And just, he played the role under the Obama administration And he come, came back. He actually did what he always truly believed in open borders. I know the NGOs and, And he has a very close relationship. He worked with some NGOs when he was before he came back. So I don't know what happened. All I know is Amanda at once respected, I have zero respect and not 'cause of what he's dead. Not again, not because of incompetence. This is by design.


They knew exactly what they were doing. 'cause he's been there before. He knows how we shut it down. He knows how we secured the border at a, at a high level, not as high as Trump. We, we secured the border pretty good level. He did everything good to unsecure the border, which is the complete 180. It's fascinating. There's something you watch when he talks. There's something strange. Very well, first of all, he's lying And he, he's lying Under oath, which is a felony too. If I lie under oath, you don't think they, they would love to prosecute me for lying under Oath. Right. And they should. You shouldn't be allowed to do that. But He's lying many times out. One look, one of the biggest statements he made was for those who don't immediately qualify for asylum, they'll be immediately removed. Really?


You got the lowest numbers removed in the history of ice. At the same time you have, you have historic immigration. So, you know, he was supposed to have a hearing couple weeks ago. And I asked a couple of congressmen ask that question again. Well, there's a lot of anti-Trump anti-woman rhetoric out there that we shouldn't have a mass deportation operation. Do you stand by the statements you made numerous times If they don't qualify, they need to be removed. 'cause You can also help send the message to the American people. We're doing this deportation operation's gonna have to be done. And you said it. Would you say that again? Of course, him and Ray backed out the hearing. Never had the hearing. But for the American people, we don't, here here's my biggest issue. I read, I read every day racist inhumane to have a mass deportation operation.


We just went through four years of historic illegal immigration. Again, we're nine outta 10 get order removal. We don't have AdChoices. That's the way the law is set up. They lose the, the case of going home. Why Is that racist? I mean, we just ended African American political power, by the way, because of the demographic changes. Just basically made it, you know, both parties have paid, especially Democratic Party, a lot of attention to what black voters want because they're a huge part of the Democratic coalition. And now that's not true. And so it's not, you know, this is a complicated question. Anyone who says, oh, it's just white racism is, what is your average black person in Chicago? Native born family been here 300 years.


What does he think of watching his city overwhelmed with illegal aliens? You know, they Tell you exactly what they think. I was up in Chicago last week. I met with hundreds. I met black pastors. Black pastors upset. Well, they should be upset. Yeah. They, they feel like, you know, people are not supposed to be here. Enter the country illegal. Which is a crime. I'm gonna keep talking about that. Yeah. Are getting massive amounts of care. Of course. Right. Of course. Free hotel rooms, three square meals a day, free medical care. And the black community feels left behind. 'cause a lot of these people are, you know, they could use some of that tax money in Chicago to help them of course. And their taxpayers, they should have the first, first chance to get some of that help. But the mayor of Chicago just, you know, he's ignoring his own community.


And I was up there just over a week ago and I met with hundreds of people that were up there and they're suffering. Yeah. 'cause the decisions to take care of these illegal aliens. I mean, I saw a city transit buses parked, running, running fuel as warming buses. How about taking care of the homeless people in that city? Let them get on a warming bus, of course. But you know, they'd rather put these illegal aliens in a hotel room at 500 bucks a night and the Roosevelt Hotel in New York City and give 'em three meals a day and give 'em free medical care rather than take care of their own people. We got homeless vets. You've been to Washington DC many times, you know, less than a mile from the capitol. You got homeless vets living in tents.


They don't have a free hotel room. They don't get a hot shower. They don't get three squares a day. They don't get, you know, they don't have access to pre-medical care. But you got people who are in the country illegal. You get all that stuff. Well, yeah. And they also, you know, this is a democracy. So we make decisions based on population size. And if you dilute the population, you dilute the political power of the people who were born here. Very much including black people. So really it's a takeover of our, of our government, of our democratic system. And I just wanna say it for the third time, it completely disenfranchises black people. And they, you know, black leaders in Congress who supposedly speak for black people, they sold 'em right out actually, In fact.


And, and the violence in these communities and we're trying to address the violence. Mayor Islands finally gets it, I think. But, And he see, you know, we'll see what he actually does. But you got the mayor of Chicago. Chicago, the crime rate is extremely high in Chicago. Right. We know the shootings are outrageous. And what we're saying to him, president Trump and myself have been very clear, we wanna prioritize those illegally in the country that are public safety threats. That's what we wanna target first. 'cause they're the most danger to a community. Public safety threats. And that security threats. Why would any elected mayor of a city with a crime rate as high as they have not want public safety threats taken outta their communities? Especially if they're here illegally. There's no sense, you know, you would think the mayor of Chicago 'cause number one responsibility, the safety of of his community.


Why not help me take those public safety threats outta the community? Ice agents aren't allowed to take a step into Cook County Jail. One of the biggest county jails in the country where we used to get hundreds of illegal alien criminals out. We can't even step foot in that. They won't even, they won't honor an ice detainer. They must rather release that public safety threat back in the community to re-offend. And where is he likely to re-offend the immigrant community where he lives? But I don't understand. I mean, so when South Carolina tried this in 1861 at forced Sumter, it kicked off a civil war. When Central High School tried this in 1957 in Little Rock, Arkansas, Eisenhower sent the hundred first Airborne. You can't allow states to ignore federal law. I'm trying not to use the F word here.


So how is that not an active insurrection? I don't understand if a mayor or a governor says, you know, we're gonna ignore federal law and there's nothing You can, you can't come into our facility. How, how about you get a SEAL team and go into the, I mean like how is that allowed? That is insurrection. And that's, am I missing something? I thought, I thought this is the way the system worked. And that's why I've been out there taking a lot of hate the last three weeks saying, okay, well You're taking hate from the in, from the insurrectionists. Yeah. Which I'll wear as a badge of honor. I've been out there saying one thing to the mayor of Denver. Right? To the mayor of Chicago and, and to Governor Pritzker. And the rest of them You can help.


You can choose not to help us stand aside 'cause we're going to do it. However, there's a line you can't cross if you're going impede what we're doing. That's a felony. If you're going knowingly harbor and conceal an illegal alien from ice agents 13 eight USC 1324 to apply, that's a felony. And we will prosecute. We're done playing the game. There are, there are federal statutes on the books written by Congress and by congress signed by a president. Said this is a felony to do these things and we're gonna take that seriously. And we got a strong ag coming in. Pam Bondi, I think will will back me up on this. You can help you, You can sit aside and watch us do your work for you.


Fine. You can do it. But here's a, here's the message. No one's asking you to be immigration officers. Well we're asking is give us access to the taxpayer funded jail where you already locked somebody in a jail cell. 'cause apparently they're a public safety threat. When you're done with them, simply give 'em to us. And we're removed now only from the community, from the country. 'cause when you don't, and here's what they're going to get, they're gonna get exactly what they don't want by taking the stance. You don't let me in the jail arrest a bad guy where one agent can arrest a bad guy in the safety and security of a county jail where we know he don't have access to weapons. You're gonna release him back in the community. You're endangering the community.


The immigrant community is most likely to re-offend in that community. You're endangering our officers and you're endangering that alien. 'cause things could happen when you're make an arrest in the public setting. We has access to who knows what weapons. Right? So what's Tom Homan going to do? We're gonna send more agents to community. We're gonna find a guy. So that means I gotta send a whole team to the community to find him. We send a team because of officer safety concerns. I'm gonna send a whole team to find him when we find him. He's probably gonna be with others, others that are not necessarily an operational priority. But guess what? Ice agents aren't gonna be told to turn it back in any illegal alien. So we're gonna find the bad guy and anybody else around them. So by your actions and not letting me in that county of jail means more agents in your neighborhood, a lot more agents in your neighborhood, and a lot more rest and many non-priority rest.


You wanna play the game? We're gonna play the game. That's the result you're gonna get. But I I, I can't believe to this day that any elected governor, if Governor Pritzker says, you gotta come through me. Okay, no problem. We can do that. Why would you not wanna help remove public safety threats? Well, but also this should be no question if Governor, if you're gonna have your opinion, it'll immigration. We're talking about criminals. Well, it's the extent that he allows officers in the state to violate federal law. Pritzker's a criminal. I mean any, any governor who willingly flouts federal law. Again, this is why we had a civil war in the United States in 1861. 'cause South Carolina did this. So I don't know why we would ever put up with that for one second from any governor, a Republican or Democrat.


President Trump administration will not put up with that. And that's why I've been sending a warning. Shout out. This is not, we tolerated. We're gonna take action. American lives are at stake here. And this President, I think, has been given a mandate by American people. Apparently the, the, the results election has no influence on many of these people. Look, governor Mayor Adams reached out to me and I actually went, mayor Adams, he understands it and I think he realizes that we're taking it seriously. And Eric Adams from New York reached out to you, Reached out to me, good for him. I went and went and sat down and met with him. He believes he should take public safety threats out of his communities too. He's offering to help us. He's offering to let me in the Rikers Island jail.


We've been kicked outta Rikers Island Jail for years. Again, like county, we used to arrest hundreds of illegal analysts with criminal convictions there. Eric Adams says he's gonna go as far as right in executive order to get us back in Rikers Island because he agrees with me that Mary de Blasio did a lot of harm that affected the public safety in New York City. So he's putting, getting a lot of pushback from the city council. I I saw him the other day. He says, you know, You can cancel me if you want, but this is the right thing to do for public safety in New Yorkers. He also is said he was assist me in finding over the 300,000 missing children, which many of 'em gonna be in New York City with Donald Trump returning to the White House. This country has a unique opportunity, maybe our last opportunity to save ourselves from the anti-American and anti-human left.


But our efforts may be stymied by the deep state. That's what happened to the first Trump term permanent Washington stands in the way of all efforts to approve the lives of ordinary Americans. And right now they are scheming to do the same thing to the second Trump administration. They are determined to keep their stranglehold on power regardless of elections anti democratically. That is a fact. So what do you do to fight them? How do you defeat the deep state? Well, one way You can is by supporting the Heritage Foundation, which is in Washington, understands exactly how it works in such a way that they're a threat and they're under attack. You know, who's effective? 'cause they're the ones under attack. Heritage has a comprehensive plan to dismantle permanent Washington and restore the country to its democratic foundations. It's important visit heritage.org/tucker to learn more and to support this critical effort. And when you make a gift today, you get a free pocket constitution to make certain that you are equipped with the founding principles on your person at all times. It's amazing to read it again, that's heritage.org/tucker.


So let me ask you about Adams. I talked to him the other day. He seemed pretty reasonable to me. I don't agree with him on, you know, a lot. But on the other hand, he didn't seem crazy. And my impression is that he was indicted on what seemed like pretty silly charges by the feds because he complained about immigration in New York. I think that's what he thinks happened. Do you think that's possible? I absolutely do. Yes. And when I sat down with him, it was all about public safety. That other stuff never came up. He, the cop at him came out and look, I've been calling him out Yeah. For three years, saying he forgot what it's like to be a cop and became a politician. He's not helping this crisis. I agree.


But when he reached out to me, I sat down with him. I saw that I, first time ever I saw the cop, the career cop come out and him Yeah. Like this is, this is, this is, this should be controversial all Mr. Oman, I wanna work with you on this. He, He goes down, we're not gonna be immigration officers. I'm not gonna help you round up illegal aliens. And I said, I said, I don't want I I don't want you to be an immigration officer. I want cops work with cops Yeah. To remove public safety threats. He gets it. And he says he's gonna take some executive actions. And so I hope he does. 'cause that's gonna make New York City much safer, not only for the community, but for my officers. Yeah. My biggest threat is you're gonna force us in the community arrest bad guys when we could arrest 'em in, in a safety and security of a jail. That puts our guys at grave risk.


So, and same with the Border patrol agents, their criminal cartels can be put outta business by President Trump, which means the violence is going to rise on the southern border. Well, that's right. And it's also, if you think about it, and I'm, I know you have thought about it, I'd, I think it's safer for everyone to have your guys arresting illegals in the Sonoran Desert than in Times Square. I mean, that's scary in a crowded city. Right. And these men and women, they're gonna put their lives on line every day. And I would, I I, again, I can't believe any politician left to right middle would wanna put these options at at risk when they, when there's a better way to do this. When I first started in this, in this game back in 1980s, I never heard the word of sanctuary city.


We got in every county jail. Everybody worked. I can't believe we're at the time now, my, my, my father was a cop. My grandfather was a cop. My, you know, your grandfather Was A cop. Yep. I knew I was gonna be a cop. Where were they cops In upstate New York. So in my day, cops were respected, police officers were respected. Now, we're now you fast forward now and these politicians, if you enforce law, all of a sudden you become the bad guy. And if, and if you break the law, you're the victim. That's truly where it is in some of these cities. It's weird that, that Republicans put up with that acts of insurrection. I mean, they've been yammering about the insurrection of January 6th, but a sanctuary city is a, is a bold, unequivocal move toward insurrection.


You're saying, I'm not obeying federal law. And no one did anything about it. They made fun of him on Fox News, but they didn't, they didn't send the hundred and first airport. I don't understand why President Trump's gonna take hard stance. I think he, he'll take your one, one of the things take their federal funding away. I think that's gonna bring a lot of people to the table because they need that money. And plus I think it gets down to, if they impede, if they know any harbor, I think we need to, you know, prosecute members. And you know, I said this back, I said this when I was ice director, that they don't need to be held accountable. And DOJ needs to look at criminal prosecution. Of course the media went crazy. Holman's calling the lockup politicians. What I called for is DOJ if I'm not an attorney.


But I, as an agent many years ago, I have arrested the United States citizens for knowingly harboring, concealing an illegal alien their home. I arrested the US citizen for harboring, concealing illegal alien in the place of business. If I can arrest US citizen for violating those crimes, why can't I arrest the mayor or a governor who's given his staff explicit instructions to impede us and to hide from us. I mean, the Mayor Adams came around the city. He would've a police force at the city boundaries preventing us from coming in. Right. That was one of the comments he made. Now he's walked him back because he made a statement he's willing to go to jail. And I responded, well, I'm willing to put you in jail if that's what it comes to. I'm not looking for a fight with these people, but I'm not gonna run away from one either.


We're going to force this law. We're going to do what American people wants us to do. We're going to force the law. We're going to run this deportation operation. If you don't wanna help get the Hallow, get the hell outta the way. But if you impede us, then, then we need, we need to prosecute these people and send a message. This is no longer acceptable to anybody. Should never have been acceptable. But under the Trump administration, we're not playing that game. Yeah. 'cause the country, it's not even about on some level immigration. It's about holding the country together. If parts of the country decide we're just not following the federal laws because we don't feel like it, then how is it a country Lake? And riot would be alive today if we had a better relationship in New York City. She was arrested, he was the killer was arrested in New York City for injury to the child.


If we had the relationship we used to have, they would've turned him over to ice. Ice would've detained him and removed him. Yeah. But instead he went to Georgia and killed, murdered a girl. And you know, if, if Trump President Trump was president, he wouldn't even be in the United States. He'd be in Mexico And they remain in Mexico. Program would've never been released into the United States given a free hotel, given a, a monthly stipend for food and expenses, Free cell phone, airplane tickets. It's just incredible where we're at today. But I got full confidence in my cell and in President Trump. And I'm working very close with Steve Miller. Brilliant. The architect of Sure. The most successful border policy this country ever had. What's his position gonna be?


He's the Deputy chief of staff. Yep. I'm a, I'm a senior advisor to The president term. Border are not my term, but that's what term their nicknamed it. But I, I can guarantee you, Tucker and to your listeners, this borders are, it's going do a hell of a lot better than our last borders are. I've actually, I've already been to border three times and I'm not even an A yet. I gotta, I cannot resist asking you what are these drones in New Jersey? I don't know. I've talked to people in the intelligence community. Some think it's, some are from an Iranian ship, but I haven't got access to intelligence reports.


Oh, I know one thing. And may, maybe it's, maybe the news is right, maybe they're civilian bureau, maybe they're all legal. I just find it hard to believe. I can't believe this administration has taken action on it. I guarantee you that President Trump will sitting the Oval Office, every one of 'em would've blown on Sky by now. I, I, I don't know factually 'cause I don't see the int intelligence reports, I'm not in yet. But I find it highly suspicious that the administration saying they're all legal and lawful and that they pose no harm to the communities. I don't buy it. Do you, do you think that other members of the incoming Trump administration have been briefed on what the current administration thinks they are?


I Do not know. I'm hoping they have. I mean, they should have, but I don't know. I, I just saw one congressman from New Jersey said he, he got information from Iranian Summit. Yeah, I saw that. And I've also talked to friends in the intelligence community that off the record, taught the same thing. But I have no direct knowledge of it. Hmm. That's bizarre. But I guarantee you within a few days that Trump get a white, white hospital and find out. Yeah. I think that's, I I believe that, I believe that to be true. So of the, so you've described, I think, really well the problem and how you plan to secure the border, the deportations, was that that was the second goal that you had of three, how many of those 12 million do you think are eligible can be deported?


Oh, we know there's, right now we got over 1.7 million with final orders. Removal already been ordered removed that haven't been removed. Okay. So that's just a gimme that's easy. Yeah. We got 700,000, 780,000 illegal aliens with criminal convictions. They're gonna be priority one. Then we got, you know, like I said, we got criminals, national security threats and fugitives. These are the ones that talked at 1.1 0.7 I think the last number was of people who had due process a great, great taxpayer expense for order removed. They need to go, we'll find them. Then we, then we take the rest. I mean, everybody says, how many illegal illegal aliens can you remove in a year? I don't know. I'll find out when I get into office, how many positions do I have?


What, what does my money look like? How much money do I have to buy beds? Because we need detention beds. People don't understand. You don't arrest somebody and just deport 'em that day. We have to detain them and work out arrangements for their home country to get travel documents. And they have to accept that. Yeah. They're a national of ours. And there's a process we go through anywhere from a few days to a few weeks. So we have to detain these people. So how many beds can I fortify buy because I don't have beds. It's gonna be hard to do this. How much money do I have with transportation contracts, whether over the ground or in the air? And, and can other agencies be involved? I know, I, I, I specifically have requested that DOD be involved. They can do non-enforcement duty.


What that does is, so the officers wearing a badge and gun with immigration authority, they shouldn't be driving a bus. They shouldn't be building infrastructure on the southwest border of south side facilities. They shouldn't be doing the intelligence. They shouldn't be doing the targeting. Right. As much non-enforcement work as possible, contract that out, have DOD do a lot of it. And that releases those badges and guns to the street where they're really needed. So what other agencies are involved? Is DOD gonna be a part of this? Take off the non-enforcement duties off our shoulders. So hopefully I'll find out really fast. And what we have, I know right now my sources that that ice, they're already $300 million in the hole.


So I'm hoping Congress will provide us with a huge funding through the conciliation process. That's my hopes. And I know I talked to Lindsey Graham yesterday, Or deportation. Yeah. Lindsey Graham yesterday said he is working on a, an astronomical bill, be more money than we've ever seen before. I hope that's true. I just don't want to be held up in this, this tax bill, because that's gonna take six or eight months and it gets watered down by the time we get it. And it's just ridiculous. Have you, I mean, is there some legal way to designate Americans just for a temporary period as Ukrainians and just tell the Congress that money's going to Ukrainians? Wouldn't that be great? That would expedite it. Don't you think?


Here's $200 billion You're spending money defending Ukrainian border. But it would be nice if they give it just a piece of that action because they got a lot of money. Yeah. I'm hoping in praying that this is gonna be different in the first Trump administration, when he had the Senate in the house the first two years, I'm hoping they come to the table and help this president succeed. So funding is paramount. We're only gonna be as successful as the funding we're given to get this job done. Well, I I, I can, I'm no expert, but I know members of Congress, most of them. And I know that they only respond to pain, unfortunately. And you just haven't threatened them. And you're gonna lose your seat and we're gonna call you out by name and make you unpopular in your state and your career will be over unless you obey immediately.


That's Normal. People. You don't, You can reason with normal people and love motivates people. I mean, I doubt like in your house, you and your wife are threatening each other. You probably love each other saying nice things to each other. But members of Congress are not normal people. And you really just have to, you know, grab 'em by the face and say, do this or suffer. And they will respond to that. So I hope you will do that. Yeah. There's a lot of media outlets right now. I think they're trying to shame us, saying how expensive this operates gonna be. And it's just incredible. More Expensive than letting in 12 million people and giving them cell Phones and food vouchers And free medical Care. And I explained destroying Our Hospitals. Yeah. First of all, what price do you put on national security? What price do you put on Lake and Riley's life? And so many other little girls, it's gonna be cost savings for American people.


'cause right now we're spending billions of dollars on free airline ticket, free hotel room. Not even mentioned the cost of schools and trauma centers and hospitals and social services and perpetuity. Yeah. It's gonna be expensive to operate. Well, they Destroyed rural America. Yeah. I mean, it's just flat out. I live There. I can, it'll be expensive right outta the gate. But in the long run, we're gonna save American taxpayers billions of dollars by getting this country back to the rule of law. What's the point of a government except to ensure safety and tranquility for its people? I mean, what is the point other than to obviously kick out Assad and, and secure the borders of Ukraine, but which are the top priorities, I think listed in the Constitution. But after that, you know, taking care of your own people seems to be important also.


Well, that's why President Trump won this election. He, I know He's put America, he is put America first. That's why I came. Look, this is the second time I came back from retirement to serve this president. Because like I said, I've been doing this a long time and I'm at the point now where I wake up every day, pissed off. The first day I woke up with smile on my face was the day after the election because I knew we can fix this. Yes. I knew by you fixing it, you save lives. Secure borders, save lives. Yes. Right. Even when you, when you got a hundred percent of the agents on the line doing their job, rather than changing diapers, making baby form, like hospital runs more fentanyl seeds means less fentanyl deaths, less people, less God aways, which means less sex trafficking women, children less known, respected terrorists.


Even the wall saves lives and people say, oh, Trump's vanity wall. No, that's, that's America's wall. First of all, every place to build a border barrier. Illegal immigration reduced, illegal drug flow. Reduced. What what people don't wanna talk about is how many lives. It saves the most vulnerable of those that come into the country. And women, children can't get over that wall, which means they're going to a place where there's not a wall. And what's waiting on 'em, the men and women wearing that green uniform, the finest 1% this country has who are gonna take care of their medical needs first. 'cause they're in a lot of bad shape when they get there. Men and women aboard Joe save thousands of lives every year. Of course, the left one wants to call, you know, haters and storm troopers and, And they want, you know, slander the men in the horse patrol for what they did.


And still no policy to this day, men and women, border patrol, save, save a lot of lives. Border border wall saves lives. And under Trump administration, the number of deaths were very, very low. Both, both Americans and illegal aliens under Joe Biden we're just, I think we're just short. 4,000 aliens have died crossing the border. While you and I are talking right now, while you and I are having this discussion, women are being raped. Oh, sure. Members of the cartels as part of the crossing through that border, a child's gonna die today, either drowned in a river or be lost in the dead or abandoned by these cartels. And they think that the government's getting close to 'em. They'll, they'll dump people and, and save their own skin and put these, look how many children have been abandoned?


Border, border patrol's found a lot of them. I guarantee Border patrol didn't find all of them. There's some toddlers they're gonna find someday. So it's so evil. I mean, I know that in El Salvador, when Ms 13 ran the country before Belli, there was a, a religious component of kind of voodoo witchcraft component to MS 13 where they were worshiping the devil. I mean, openly, it's a component of the cartels. You see it in Mexico as well through Latin America. Is that, have you come across that? Yeah. Yeah. They, they, they worship death and Like formally worship it though. Yeah, yeah. There's, there's, I won't call 'em religious.


We, you know, some places that even the Texas DPS have found some of these places where the cartels were operating, they got, you know, statutes, statute there and, and memorabilia worshiping death as a consequence of not allowing them to do their business. Right. And these are from cultures that have practiced human sacrifice for thousands of years, because I Got a video on my phone showing member of the cartel, skinning a man alive, skinning him alive on video to send a message to anybody. If you push back on the cartels, if you're snitch in the cartels, they're not gonna just kill you.


They're gonna make you suffer immensely. I got sent in this video by somebody in the intelligence community, and you know, I'm a pretty tough guy, but I can't watch a whole video. No, Of course not. When they skin somebody alive and the pain that man went through, this is what they do. This is why MS 13, they, they ha they, they don't just shoot somebody, they hack 'em up. Me and President Trump, remember when we did Operation Matador in Long Island, we arrested just short of 500 gang members and a lot of MS 13. And during the press conference, president Trump referred to these people as animals. And of course, Nancy Pelosi arrested people on nuts. These are people he referred to. She's an animal Actually. Then they came to me and I says, well, I said, I don't know what President Trump has against animals, but animals kill to survive.


MS 13 kills for pleasure. They're much worse than animals. Well, it's witchcraft, it's human sacrifice. And they've, I mean, again, they're from cultures that have practiced it for well since the beginning of recorded history. So I train to awa and the rest of 'em, they're on notice. There are days of coming over here and, and committing crimes and victimizing this country over. And a lot of people are pushing back and say, well, you can't remove an Venezuela. They're gonna be removed and that Veela won't take 'em. We'll send someplace else, but they're not staying here. So, turned to odds on a lot of harm in this country, as you know, rape, murder little girls and, and the theft and the, and the organized crime.


They, they've instilled in major cities in this country. And President Trump put them on notice our gangs bigger than our gang. I Hope so. Take 'em outta


business. When phone companies say they're selling something for free, they really mean see the fine print. You're gonna need thick glasses to read it. Once you read it, you realize the product is not free at all. Far from it. To qualify for those programs, you need to check all kinds of predetermined boxes that are often expensive. It's a scam. Don't fall for it. Pure talk is a better option. Get a brand new iPhone 14 plus unlimited talk text, 15 gigs of data and more for 50 bucks a month. Free. No real. Yes, it's transparent and the value is obvious. So half the price of the big corporations, you get a new iPhone powered by America's most dependable 5G network. Go to pure talk.com/tucker and you save an additional 50% off on your first month. Pure Talk. America's wireless company,


I remember in the first Trump administration, the US military refused flat out refused generals, refused to secure the border. What do you think of that? It's a shame. I mean, DODs helped a lot of administrations. They help the Obama administration, they help the Clinton administration. What's the point of sending them a trillion and a half dollars every year? Is there a reason that we do that? Well, I think we've proven that the Southwest border is a huge national security vulnerability. I think it's the perfect place for the military To be. Yeah. Bigger than Syria. I would would say I, It's more of a national security vulnerability than Ukraine or Syria or any place else. So I think President Trump's not gonna take no for an answer. He is a president of the United States.


He's gonna make this work, and DOD will be a part of this operation. We need him. We can make a bigger impact if they can do some of the things that don't require a badging gun for us. And that puts more badging guns on the street than arrests bad guys. It's, they're an imperative part of this operation. Other, other agencies. But we need help from, you know, well, I'd like to see the US marshals be a part of that. The FBI be a part of it. You know, I've gotten, I've actually shut down my LinkedIn account because I've gotten thousands of con thousands retired border agents, retired ice agents, retired police officers, retired military, all want to come back and help this operation. And I'm hoping we can rehired a lot of these people rehired and do this.


But these, you know, especially the retired border relations ICE agents, they know the fourth Amendment they know they can do and don't do. A lot of 'em speak Spanish. They know how to use the processing systems. They know the game. They're good at it. So I, one of the first thing I gonna be working on is bringing a lot of these retard agents back and letting 'em help us do this job. They're educated in immigration enforcement. They hit the ground running. I, I should have asked you as at the outset, but of the 12 million that you described, you came here illegally under Biden. Where were they from? Roughly 181 different countries. So how does, I won't Ask you, that's almost every country in the world. Think about it. It's, I think they're what, 199? You know, so there were none from Van two or Seychelles, but the rest came.


But how was the breakdown? Like you think of illegal immigration and Well, when I was a kid it was from Mexico. I don't think it is anymore. Then it was Central America, then it was South America. Roughly. What was the breakdown? Can You Remember? Is Mexican still re or National Mexico still lead. Oh really? Yeah. El Sal de Guatemala, Honduras close second. I mean, those four countries make up a majority. But what concerns me is the country that we never had much activity from. Yes. You know, 46,000 Chinese, What's that? Scares hell on me. Because a lot of more military aged males, 46,000 military aged males don't leave China without the coordination to prove of the Chinese government.


That just don't happen. Russians, we got over, I think last look I have is 27,000 Russians. People from Turkey, Syria, Iran, Iraq, Big Africa too. It's just How many from Africa do you Think? I I don't have that on top of my head, but special interest countries, countries, numbers like we've never seen before and that we can't properly vet 'em. That's one thing I've been screaming about two years. Secretary America gets up there and says they're all property vetted, vetted against what? Because we don't have criminal data from El Salvador or Turkey or Syria. Do you think China's gonna give us any national security debt on their people or, or Russia? So you vet 'em against NCIC, which we have.


So unless you're convicted, unless you've been convicted, arrested in this country before and your fingerprints were taken, you're gonna come back clean. 'cause we don't have access to most countries criminal data. A lot of these countries don't have criminal data. Right. You think Haiti has an NCIC? Absolutely don't. So they say they vet them, they don't And they don't vet 'em properly. And when it comes to terrorist vetting beyond the criminal vetting, how about terrorist vetting? You and I both know, most terrorists in this world aren't in any database unless they were part of a T three operation or caught on chatter or encountered on a battlefield by a soldier. And, and, and biometrics were taken. We don't know who they are, where they're at. And so Even those, they say they vet 'em through these terrorist databases don't really mean a lot.


But here's one thing that hasn't been talked about a lot. And, and, and I've talked to several whistleblowers in the border patrol. So they, they arrest somebody for one of these country. They, they vet 'em through the bureau. But there've been such a push by this administration process, quick release, quick 'cause there's no overcrowding, there's nothing to see here. Border Secure. They process and release so quickly sometimes the vetting came back after they released And they were hot. At least two occasions. This has happened. I just actually found one later on. They're hot, meaning what they've got. They, they were, they were a positive hit on it. Terrorist database, person of interest. So that's gonna change. I mean, we have to detain these people. And Trump administration went end catch and release.


Either You can be sent back to Mexico or we detain you. The only, the only thing that I'm concerned with is the Zades Supreme Court ruling. There's a ruling called Zades versus us. It says You can only hold somebody up to six months for significant, significant likelihood of removal. So if we have a country that absolutely not take 'em back at the end of six months, we got a decision to make. Either we we move 'em to a cooperating third country or we have to release 'em unless we can prove, Wanna send 'em to Mexico. If they came through more than Mexico, deal with it. That's part of the Claudia lady deal with it. That's Part of the plan. And we're hoping to do that. But this job thats ruling's terrible and we're hoping that now we got a better Supreme Court that needs to be re relitigating to say we can only hold somebody for six months.


And they, they're a significant public safety threat. Just because this country says no, we don't want 'em. There's gotta be a better way. I wonder if the 47,000 Chinese that you mentioned, that's kind of what Fidel Castro did in 1980 with the Marielle boat lift. Just like empty the prisons and the mental hospitals. Why wouldn't they do that? Well, they have ve well has Venezuela has. Yes, But has China, do you think? I I don't, I don't think so. I think China, these people came here for a purpose. You know, the, as you know, you've done a lot of reporting on, on, they got land around military bases. They're setting up shadow business here.


I think China, between all these people they sent plus continuing to create the precursors that make fentanyl. They're, they're trying to destroy this country. That's my personal Opinion. Well, they're selling drugs all over the country. They're selling drugs all over the state of Maine. Maine And that Chinese nationals. And what does the Biden administration done to China about the creating these fentanyls that they sell to cartels in Mexico? What have they done? What have they done about the cartels? Nothing. Nothing The President Trump's going through? No, because fentanyl's killed the exact Americans that Biden hates and is always attacking. So, I mean, it's committed genocide against his enemy. So he's, he doesn't seem against it at all. It's all very dark. I have to wonder, you said you used the phrase military age males, because this was so coordinated by these NGOs, Catholic charities UN and and others.


You have to kind of wonder like, is there some military purpose to this invasion? Have you wondered that? I've wondered every day. Yeah. I can't wait to get in powder and start driving, drilling down these files. Who are these people? Who'd you release? What kind of vetting did you do? Did you take Biome Metric biographic data? Yeah, high testosterone foreigners. Yeah, I don't know. I mean, why? I mean, I don't want be paranoid, but, But it's been very, you know, they, they, they don't talk about it and it's very, you know, but when we get in power, we're gonna have to pull all those records. Find, you know, like that's over 300,000 missing children. We gotta pull this records from HHSI. Okay, So what, I'm Sorry, I I've been told what's the worst, What is that? 300,000 missing children. That's something else.


I've read Ference to look Over half a million children in Traffick into this country. And they get turned over to custody of HHS Office of Refugee Resettlement who finds sponsors and release from the sponsors. I've talked to several whistleblowers, say they weren't even fingerprinting the sponsors on many occasions. They're not doing proper vetting. We have a whistle blower who testified in front of Congress now three times that a lot of these children seem to be victims of trafficking. They're released to unvetted sponsors and many children. We will be released to one sponsor. The one whistleblower said there was 11 young girls released in one male, single male. Maybe. So maybe it's all innocent, maybe it's not. But he's There's nothing innocent of it that's sick.


No. And look, the CCB P one app, they shut that down 'cause of massive fraud. One of the insiders in CBP told me, for example, one dead man sponsored over 1600 people, been dead for years. Massive fraud, massive trafficking involved. And they, when they talked about opening CBP one app to do that, I said at the time, before they even implement it, if you do this, it's gonna create a huge trafficking network. Where if you, in, if you, if you're from Cuba, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Haiti, or Venezuela, you wanna come to the United States under this CHNV program. You just gotta find a sponsor who wanna take care of you. How many sick pedophiles would be willing to sponsor anybody in one of those four countries that come live in the United States that after they get here, you own them.


All you gotta do is, you know, you their, their official sponsor without you, they can't stay. And what are these, you know, sick sponsors? Not all of them, but many of these are gonna be predators and sick people. What are they going to do to these people who are trying to stay in this country? It's huge human trafficking issue, I guarantee you. And By human trafficking, is it mostly for prostitution? Prostitution or forced labor? Mainly those two things. So if you go to any construction site in the United big construction site, they're building a data center or a mall. I know this 'cause I know a guy who in the business just told me this. Anyone in the United States, there will be child prostitutes there from Latin America brought in by the cartels for the guys on the cruise.


And I said, does everyone know this? Or where everyone knows it. I mean, it's just a fact. Every big construction site in the United States, does anyone ever do anything about it? No. No one ever does anything about it. Wait till January 21st. I don't understand that though. No. Look, if everyone in the building trades knows that, how can law enforcement ignore it? We're not going to starting judge the 23rd. Good. But I can tell you look of the, of the over 300,000 this government lost track of. I guarantee you as I sit here today, we'll find many enforced labor. We'll find many enforced sex trafficking. That's the sad thing. We're gonna find 'em. So that's why The president Trump's saying it.


Seriously, we gotta, we gotta save. Especially, we gotta save these women and children who are put in this position. The immigration consequences. We'll still come, but first we gotta save 'em. Get these kids. As far as the kids at three, over 300,000, we gotta save these kids. A lot of 'em are living life hell every day. And we, I guarantee we're gonna find what? Well ice HSI has already found some of these children. Meat packing plants, cleaning up t trails on midnight shift. We're gonna find some living with pedophiles. We're gonna find, find summer in sex slavery. Some are gonna be dead. But we gotta find these children. And President Trump made that a, a third rail of, of priorities and it's something that needs to be done. This administration stopped the DNA testing. They stopped the proper betting under the Trump administration.


We, we were having the same problem in the beginning. We did DNA testing. You weren't a family unless DNA testing showed you your family. And we did vetting. We didn't just vet the sponsor Foley, we vetted everybody in their household to make sure there wasn't a pedophile living in that house. Make sure there wasn't someone arrested with domestic violence in that house. This administration stopped all that because Becerra, the secretary of HHS, he gets on stage and brags. And I saw him on a stage bragging how quick we release these kids from government custody. We got a machine here. It's like the, it's like the the Ford plan. We get 'em in and outta here. Yeah, because you stopped the, you stopped the proper vetting. You stopped the DNA testing and, and God help you for what you did to these children. 'cause a lot of these children are living life of hell every day.


So we gotta find these kids. That's unbelievable. So la last question. I'm just interested in why you're doing this. So you, you did it for 40 years. Yeah, 19 84, 40 years. And then you go into the private sector and you're not retired, but you get to do kind of what you want to do and make a real wage after working for the government all these years. And this problem is just so enormous and the bureaucracy is so complex and hard to fight And they always win in the end. Why would you take this job? Well, because I love my country.


First of all, we, we, we, we made more progress on the Southern Board ever before in the first Trump administration. I was ice director, look, it was it. I'm taking an 82% pay cut. Oh, I bet. And I'm going back to cover a paycheck and thank God my wife supports me. She said, I don't take the job. She's going to divorce me because she don't wanna keep me waking up every day mad at the world. I didn't come back. So your wife's not a liberal? No, no, she's not. You know it, I say this many times because of the things I've seen in my career. I mean, I stood in the back of a tractor trailer. I I grew up in a town of 2,500 people.


Either you're milk cows or you're a logger, or you worked at Fort Drum. It's only three things you did where I grew up. So I grew up in town, 2,500. I fast forward, I'm sitting in the ba I'm standing the back of the trailer at tractor trailer with 19 dead people at my feet that baked to death and back that tractor trailer. And including a 5-year-old little boy who was, who suffocated death. And I on top of was his father. He was trying to protect him. During that investigation, they said that old boy begged his father not to let him die because he didn't wanna see his mom again, begged over and over again that, you know, here's a 5-year-old little boy who knew he was dying and asked his dad for help.


Ugh. And his dad, you know, his dad can't help him, right? No. I've talked to the little girls as young as nine that were raped multiple times by members of the cartel. Not once numerous times grown man crawled upon this little girl, took everything innocent and pure from her. Her life would never be the same look in her eyes, there wasn't life in her eyes. It's just folk girls devastated for life. And this happens every day when they unsecured the border on purpose. I wrote an operat of Fox News and I says, if Joe Biden wins the presidency, we lose the border. And when you lose the border, trafficking of sex gonna skyrocket child deaths with skyrocket migrant deaths with skyrocket American deaths will skyrocket from drugs coming across that border.


I wake up every day pissed off for four years. So, and I've been on numerous networks complaining about, so when President Trump calls me up says, you've been complaining about for four years, you wanna come fix it? How do you say no? Yeah. First of all, you don't say no to The president of the United States. And second of all, I won't say no to, to secure. I love this country. I wanna save some lives. Secure borders, save lives. I'm gonna come back, do what I can. I guarantee you what we're gonna do is gonna save migrant lives. It's gonna save American lives. It's gonna protect our national security. That's the, that's why I'm coming back that not for the pay. I tell you that I'm coming back. 'cause after, after three and a half decades doing this job, do you understand it?


Do you understand the tragedies happening around it? The more secure that border is, the more lives we save. So I can rest, I can, when I've retired for the third time, I can say I did my part to save some lives. And maybe less children are being exploited and women are being exploited by these cartels. And my, my, my, my number one goal is seeing these cartels wipe off the face of the earth. And I think President Trump's the guy to do it. Of everyone appointed. I think you got The best shot of winning. 'cause you know exactly what you want to do now. Tom, Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thanks for listening to The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made.


The complete library, Tucker Carlson com.