
It's turn time. And with FanDuel's Dog of the day, You can get a daily profit boost during the college conference championships to bet on any underdog. So get ready to celebrate some upsets. No one saw that coming except for me. Baby 21 plus in president elect states opt in required minimum plus 100 odds required. Bonus issued is non-controllable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including token expiration and max wager amount C terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Mr. Secretary, Thank you very much for joining us. So we're at the Treasury Department. President had a press conference yesterday next door in which he announced a whole new tariff regime global, he'd been promising to do this well for 40 years. Really, it came not out of nowhere, but it was clearly his intent all along as stated, but it, it did rattle people, including some of his supporters. So I just wanted to ask you big picture, where do you think this leads? Well, Tucker, and thank, Thank you for having me. And as you said, the president's been talking about this for four decades. Yes. And that this is transformational for the American economy, for the American worker, and for the new Republican alignment.


And you know, it's a combination of the old and new ideas. Some of the old ideas were put away. You know, I always tell everyone, And they don't want to hear it. The original tariff man was Alexander Hamilton. Yes. And he used tariffs to fund the new nation and to protect American industry. President Trump has added a third leg to the stool And he uses terrorist to negotiate. Yes. But I, I think this is not unlike, I was a freshman in college when Ronald Reagan came in in 1980 and, you know, new day in America. And when I talk to people now And they look back And they look at the Reagan years so fondly Yes.


It, I, I remember what it was like and it was choppy. And The president, very choppy, very choppy. President Reagan stood the course. And look, this is not an invitation, but the, at one point in the early eighties, a farmer showed up with a shotgun at the Federal Reserve Yep. To the kill Paul Volcker for raising rates. So like I said, that's not an invitation for anybody. Of course not for action. But it was a, a tough time. And then in 1984, The President Reagan won reelection with 49 states. And you know, I think they may have even let Mondale win Minnesota just so it wasn't a skunk Just to be nice.


Yeah, yeah. And you know, that's what President Trump is doing now for, for years. The American worker at middle, middle class has been eviscerated. American workers have taken it on the chin. And you know, we're just starting to see some of the research now. Like we're seeing research on what's called the China shock from 2004. It's just coming out now. And it's what, you know, it's what I know. But finally academics are saying, oh, the gosh, the American workers never recovered from the China shock. What a surprise. And President Trump sensed it 40 years ago.


But out in the campaign trail starting in 2015, up until last year, he has promised the American workers that the old standard of living can come back. And because what, what we've seen over the past, at least 20 years since the China shock, but more like the past 30, are these mass massive distributional problems where the coast have done great. Yes. And the middle of the country has, they just seen quality of the life, life expectancy decline. They don't think their children are gonna do better than they are. And a lot of people don't care. And President Trump cares.


This administration cares. And this is the first step towards realigning that a lot of our trading partners, including some of our allies, have not been good partners. If tariffs are so bad, why do they have Good question. Why do they have them? Right. Or if the American consumer is gonna pay all the tariff, then why do they care about tariffs? Right? Right. Because they're gonna eat 'em. So, you know, I I think that this is the beginning of a process. We're going to re industrialized that we have gone to a highly financialized economy. We have, you know, we have stopped making things, especially a lot of the things that are relevant for national security.


I think one of the few good outcomes from Covid was we had a beta test for what maybe a kinetic war with a large adversary could look like. And it turned out that these highly efficient supply chains were not strategically secure so that we don't make our own medicines. That we don't make our own semiconductors, that we don't make our own ships anymore. So I think the, if I were to say like, was there any good outcome from Covid, it was, it work woke the world up to these supply chain problems. So economic security is National security.


President Trump and I have talked about that a lot. So this is a national security issue that we're seeing here, but it's also an economic security issue. And it's to, I don't wanna say redistribute, but it is to give working Americans real wage gains and enhance their lives. And I, I've said out on the campaign trail that one of my most frequent mottos was Wall Street's done, done great, it can continue doing well, but it, it's main street's turn. It's main street's turn.


And that's what we saw yesterday. It's main street's turn. So over the course of my life, 55 years, wall Street really has been the commonly recognized measure of economic health. Like how's the Dow doing? We've got entire TV channels devoted to tracking its progress, which has mostly been up during the course of my life. So if the, you know, the average of, you know, the equity averages fall, if the stock market falls that's seen by a lot of people is like a measure that the economy itself is, is in decline. Do you think that's a fair measure? Look, the, the market goes up, up and down. Warren, Warren Buffet has a saying in, in the short run, the market's a voting machine in the long run, it's a weighing machine.


And in the long run it's gonna weigh do we have good policies? Yes. And you know, I I, in my former business, I common commented on market structure, market ups and downs a lot. I'm trying not to do that. Yes. But for everyone who thinks that this, these market declines are all based on the president's economic policies, I can tell you that this market decline started with the Chinese AI announcement of deep seek. Right? So the so-called Mag seven, the tech stocks had been doing very well for about 18 months, led the market. And I think that there was kind of a real dose of reality in what was going on in ai.


And I think us is going to remain the leader in ai, but the AI related stocks started coming down. So like if I were to analyze in my old hat, and this is the only time I'm gonna talk about it, my old hat, what's happening with the market? I'd say it's more a Mag seven problem and not a maggart problem. Right. So it's a, it's a deeper, so actually markets are, you're saying in this specific case with tech stocks are taking like a, a real measure of the value of companies relative to foreign companies? Well it, it, it's that, but if we look with the equal weighted s and p, even after today's move down 4% in the year, or you know, in a long-term chart, you wouldn't even notice that.


Yeah. And I think the most important thing that we can do, that I can do as a treasury secretary that President Trump wants to do is put in sound fundamentals for the underlying economy. And if the underlying economy's good, if taxes are stable, if businesses have predictability, if we have cheap and plentiful energy, if we deregulate, if we they treat our workforce well, then we're gonna have a great stock market Fair. The president suggested in describing his plan for tariffs, he said, look, you could conceivably fund a lot of government with tariffs and that would suggest that taxpayers fund less of the burden.


And so do you expect that these will be accompanied by a congressionally improved tax cut for the middle class? So, and target, I just wanna go back for a, a moment too that one of the things that the tariffs are doing is we are pushing back against other economic systems. So the Chinese have a very different economic system. They have low cost, some we call it literally slave labor. They subsidize industry with subsidized loans. They have a lot of non tariff barriers. Your show can't be shown there. Yes. So, so we're pushing back the against that.


And with the tariff income, it, it can be substantial. And if, if we think like a classical model of tariff income would say if there's a 10% tariff, then the currency would appreciate about 40% of that. So 4% of it, then the producer in the other country would eat about 4%. And then the US consumer might have a one time price adjustment of 2%. So, you know, in a 10% tariff, maybe the consumer pays 2% of it. We saw, there's a study out recently from a group at MIT that shows that with President Trump's first China tariffs, which were approximately 20%, the price level went up 0.7.


So to answer your question, if we could put on a 20% tariff and have the foreigners pay that and use that money to bring down our government deficit and keep taxes low here, that's a very unique formula that hasn't been tried in this country for a long time. And do You think, but it would require congressional participation to, to get there to move tax rates? Of course they're set by the Congress. So, Well what, what we're gonna have now, we, we are in this very odd, what I would call betwixt in between, between the tariff income and what Doja is doing in, in terms of the cutting government expenses.


So CBO scoring and for 35 years I was on the other side of the wall and I would always say, oh, well CBO says this and I didn't really realize that kinda CBO scoring is a lot like Enron accounting that it's not real. And when you actually look at the real scoring scoring, But you assumed it was on the outside. Sure. Well, they're experts. It's a congressional budget office. It's a congressional budget budget office. And they're well-intentioned people. They just have the nonsensical rules. Yeah. Like think about this. When, when all the scoring's done over a 10 year window. Yes. Okay. So they just assume 1.7 or 1.8% economic growth over the 10 years.


And that never moves. Whether you raise taxes or cut taxes doesn't move. So that's what, like during the, during the campaign when Vice President Harris was announcing all these big tax increases she wanted to do and things like that, that the CBO was scoring her very well. And President Trump wants to make the 2017 tax cuts permanent. You know, that was kind of a blowout number because obviously Gross's gonna go up a lot when you cut taxes. So, but that was a long way of saying we will not get credit for the tariffs and any bill.


'cause Congress is not going to legislate it. President's doing it with executive authority, but the money will be coming in. We've already taken in several hundred million dollars on the China terrace from his first term. We've taken about 35 billion a year just on the old tariffs, not on the new ones. So in the CBO window, the, that's about $350 billion, which pays for a lot of the president's promises on no tax on tips, no tax on social security, no tax on overtime, the making interest deductibility on autos made in the US And think what the president's doing here, he is backing into an affordability solution for the bottom 50% of wage earners because they're the ones who will benefit from all four of those programs.


So looking at, say, a year from now, so next beginning of next April, do you have any sense of how much the US government anticipates bringing in from the tariffs announced yesterday? It's, it's going to be a moving target for sure, but could it, could it be anywhere from 300 billion to 600 billion a year? Sure. Okay. So that's, that's meaningful revenue. Very meaningful. But what will happen with tariffs over time that the ultimate goal of the tariffs and The president says all the time, bring your factory here. That's The best solution toward getting away from a tariff wall. So move your factory from China, the from Mexico, the from Vietnam, bring it here.


So what will happen over time will have substantial tariff income in the beginning. Manufacturers will build their factory here, the terrace will drop, but the revenue from the factories, the from income taxes, from all the new jobs will go up. So, you know, we'll be taking it in domestically as the tariffs drop. And why are the tariffs dropping? Because we're making it here and our trade deficits dropping. So you've obviously thought this through. You think that the United States has the necessary labor force for this transition? I I think we do.


I I think with, with a, with ai, with automation, with, you know, so many of these factories are gonna be new. They're gonna be smart factories that I I think we've, we've got all the labor force we need and what we are doing on the other side. One of the reasons, you know, other, other than my support for President Trump, that I came out from behind my desk and, you know, I I had a pretty good life. Yeah. And you know, I wanted to come out and really tell people that I was worried about an impending financial calamity, given the high levels of government spending that were leading to high levels of government debt.


So what we are doing on one side, The president is reordering trade. On the other side, we are shedding excess labor in the federal government and bringing down federal borrowings. And then on the other side, that will give us the labor that we need for the new manufacturing. And we're going to rele rele the private sector. So the private sector, in essence has been in recession during the Biden years. And this is an opportunity to rightsize the federal government and unleash the private sector again.


'cause it's been, he hemmed down by excessive regulation and it's been crowded out by the government.


Here's the facts of life. You may not learn until you're older, but I'm gonna tell you now, it's very hard to have a good time if you're wearing bad boots. In fact, it may be impossible. And that's why you need kovas. As a matter of fact, you don't just need them. You owe them to yourself. Tecovas makes Western boots for everybody. Ranchers, real ranchers, lifelong cowboys, first time boot buyers and anyone in between. Every Tecovas boot is handcrafted made by hand with over 200 meticulous steps for a broken in. Feel right out of the box. You don't have to compromise between looks and quality. You can have 'em both. Whether it's a long day or a big night. Kovas are built to last and impressed. You wouldn't believe the compliments people here get when they wear them out, which they do right now. Get 10% off at kovas.com/tucker when you sign up for email and text alerts. That's 10% off at kova TEC ovas.com/tucker.


Don Junior. Here guys. Are you receiving letters from the IRS claiming you owe back taxes As penalties and interest fees pile up, the IRS gives you no clear path to resolution. Don't speak to them on your own. They are not your friends. To reach a team of licensed tax professionals that can help you reduce, settle, and resolve your tax matters, go to tn usa.com and check 'em out. Solve Your tax problems today. Call 1 807 8 0 8 8 8 8 or visit tn usa.com. That's 1 807 8 0 8 8 8 8.


Tucker says it best. Their credit card companies are ripping Americans off and enough is enough. This is Senator Roger Marshall of Kansas. Our legislation, the Credit Card Competition Act would help in the grip Visa and MasterCard have on us. Every time you use your credit card, they charge you a hidden fee called a swipe fee. And they've been raising it without even telling you. This hurts consumers and every small business owner. In fact, American families are paying $1,100 in hidden swipe fees each year. The fees Visa and MasterCard charge Americans are the highest in the world, double candidates and eight times more than Europe's. That's why I've taken action. But I need your help to help get this passed. I'm asking you to call your senator today and demand they pass the credit card Competition Act Paid for by the Merchants Payments Coalition, not authorized by any candidate or candidates committee, www.merchantspaymentscoalition.com.


Do you ever think, since your job is to, part of your job is to forecast like the effects of these policies that you have. Well, you've got probably one out of six people in this country here illegally. Maybe 50 million ill illegal aliens. And The president said he wants to deport 'em. Then you have AI and the projections there are massive labor market disruption, fewer people needed. You, you alluded to that a minute ago. Then you have the tariffs and like we can guess is their effect, but we don't really know 'cause we've never done it. And then you have the reaction from the rest of the world to those tariffs. Like there's so many huge factors that are effectively unknown that are black boxes. Really. Do you ever think like, wow, you know, it's kind of hard to know what's gonna happen.


I look, I I it it is and I I al always think that You can never be a hundred percent sure, but You can stay with inside of guardrails and keep moving forward. I can't remember one of, one of the Sunday morning shows I was on a couple weeks ago, the commentator asked me, you know, she said, can you guarantee me there won't be a recession? And I said, I can't guarantee you anything. Like, there's nothing that tells me there should be one. So, you know, I, I believe that this is going to work just like President Reagan believed that supply side economics was going to work.


And but what, what I do know that the old system wasn't working. I think that's right. And if you look at a system that's not working, you gotta be brave to change it. So what wasn't working would, it would've been really fun for me to come in and just keep issuing a lot of debt. And you know, it's, it's almost like some, a bodybuilder's taking steroids outside looks great. You know, you're muscular inside, you're killing your vital organs. Yeah. That's what was going on here. But it would've been easy to keep pumping up the economy, borrowing a lot of money, creating a lot of government jobs.


There was no controversy when we're doing all that. And they, but you were gonna end up in a calamity. If you go back and look the, you know, you, you look at the financial crisis in oh 7, 0 8 economy looked great right up until then. You go back and you look at the end of the.com bubble and then the whole credit problem, the fraud at WorldCom, Enron, some other country companies economy looked great until it didn't. And I think one of the things that we won't get credit for, but that this administration will have done is avoiding a financial calamity.


You know, think about it, that they've done an analysis that one of the reasons nine 11 happened because the airlines didn't want to pay for reinforced doors. Yes. They kept pushing back FAA didn't push hard enough. And now, you know, we've got the reinforced doors. So I look at it, we're putting on the reinforced doors before the crash. What's the scramble? The lobbying scramble by foreign governments gonna be like over the next three months. 'cause The president said yesterday, you know, we're putting a universal tariff, you know, one standard. But then of course each country's adjusted according to a lot of different factors. Trade deficit, currency manipulation, regulation, and then tariffs. But, you know, this is all, as you said, a a moving picture.


It's a developing situation. So like if I am pick a country, you know, Vietnam, China, I mean, I'm gonna really try to bring pressure to bear on this administration to adjust those numbers. Like what's that gonna be like? It's gonna be the president's decision. And I, I think his view is this has been going on for a long time for friends and foes and we're gonna see where, where this plays out. I think what's gonna be more important than the discussion with countries is the discussion with companies. So what do companies want to do as President Trump said yesterday, best way to get around the tariffs.


Build your factory here. Yeah. And you know, what can we do here at treasury to help that we're pushing to get the tax bill done so we can guarantee the low taxes, full depreciation within the first year we're working the, with Secretary Bergham and Wright on energy security and we're working on getting the regulations down The president, I don't know whether he talked about it yesterday or the day before Taiwan semi or just semiconductor manufacturer in the world. Lee Zelin, the EPA commissioner is working to push through all the permits that they need because we've just gone into this regulatory morass where it takes so long to get things done in this country.


So I think what will be more interesting are the individual company announcements more than the country announcements You wanna sell to Americans, you gotta make it in America. Sure. Or pay, pay the tariff. So how is China as a nation going to, I mean this is such a big challenge. It's directly in their face. It's about every country on the globe, but it's really most, more than any other country about China. I think it's fair to say, how are they gonna respond? What's their retaliation look like? Well, I don't, I don't know if they can retaliate for a couple reasons. If you look at the history, and I, I used to teach economic history and when you look at the history, we are the debtor nation.


Yes. We, we have the trade deficits. The surplus nation is in the weaker position because the Chinese business model, and Tucker by the way, the Chinese business model and the economy are the most unbalanced, imbalanced in the history of the modern world. We've never seen anything like this in terms of their export level relative to their GDP, relative to their population. So I think it is going to be very difficult for them to try to change the model. They're trying, they're in a deflationary recession slash depression right now. They're trying to export their way out of it. And we can't let them do that.


But I think that, you know, when you think the Chinese manufacturing system is like that old Disney movie with the brooms carrying the buckets Yeah. There, there's nothing You can do. Like that's their business model. It's not gonna stop. Now what could happen if, if you were to say, Scott, look, what's, what's the dream scenario that somehow there could be a deal where the US and China, we want more manufacturing, which would mean a smaller part of the economy's consumption. The Chinese have this imbalanced economy with too much manufacturing and actually the Chinese consumers really the get the short end of the stick.


So Chinese households, you know, they're called in what's called a middle, middle income trap. That, you know, could we do something together to say, okay, you rebalance, you consume more, manufacture less, we are going to consume less and manufacture more and we'll be military rivals. There'll still be an economic rivalry, but we're gonna level the playing field by a lot. Now that's not gonna happen tomorrow, that's not gonna happen in a month. But over the next few years, they may have to come around because I think their business model is broken.


I think President Trump's broken their business model with these tariffs. So you're describing, you know, the famous scenario where if you tank a take a bank loan, the bank is in charge, they can repossess whatever they bar you bared against. But if you take a big enough loan, you're kind of in charge of the bank. Exactly. And, And they, they've just got such a big deficit with us that They need our markets. They can't survive with without, Are you confident that there's like a clear enough channel of communication between the two governments that the details can be worked out and that nothing will go crazy in the meantime? Well, I, I, I think what gives me a lot of confidence is the relationship between President Trump and Chairman Xi.


Yes. That when, when you have a direct line of communication at the very top, then I think it's very difficult for things to go haywire. Interesting. What about the rest of the world? What about Europe? Look, the, the, the Europeans, we, we look back And there, there was a famous meeting where President Trump called the Europeans, the, you're insane for building Nord stream too. What are you doing? You already get most of your energy from Russia and you're gonna double down on it. And they did. And look what happened. So we blew it up. Somebody did, somebody did, somebody did probably Putin, I, I know some Norwegian fishermen bumped into it, is what I read.


But the look, the the, the Europeans go kicking and screaming. But I I think they're gonna have to rebalance too. Germany has a very, the imbalanced export economy, And they were on the verge of de-industrialization. They're, they were the opposite of us. They had expensive energy. Yes. They, they were depending on Italy and the countries in the south to keep the euro suppressed. And they were selling into China, and now China's becoming their competitor. So you said at the outset, you, the, the first example, the analogy that you used was President Reagan's first term.


You know, obviously big win in 80 recession of 82 wipe out and then like the biggest landslide in history in 84. So you're suggesting by saying that, that, you know, the, the fruits were obvious within the first term within four years, That they, they were o only difference. Now is there, there was a lot of competition back then, but there's a level of civility. Yes. And the, the the real danger here. And if there were a midterm loss, and I don't think there has to be it, you know what's gonna happen. I know what's gonna happen. Democratic health is gonna go immediately to impeachment for something. Of course, right. Like the law fair is gonna start again. Yes. And I think the American people are gonna hate it again.


So Einstein's definition of insanity doing the same thing again. Yes. And again, and expecting a different outcome. Do you think that, and this is really aimed at the people who support President Trump and who agree with you wholeheartedly that the current system was really bad and like drive across the country, you'll see how bad it w it has been horrible, it lowered life expectancy. But the people who are hoping that yesterday's move will lead to a demonstrably brighter future within four years. Is it your sincere prediction that with, you know, within four years will say, actually that kind of worked. I I believe that it's going to work and I know that what we were doing wasn't working.


Yes. So I, I think we have to try this and I have a high confidence ratio it's going to work. And I have a very high confidence ratio. The, the good news is we have President Trump's previous term when everyone said none of this was gonna work. Yeah. Oh, the China terrorists are gonna do this. They're gonna cause inflation. They didn't. The this is going to happen to working class, it's gonna be bad for working class Americans. Well guess what? Working class Americans, the hourly workers did better than supervisory workers. The bottom 50% of households, their net worth increased faster than the top 10% of households.


And look, I'm not happy with what's going on in the market today, but the distribution of equities across households, the top 10% of Americans own 88% of equities, 88% of the stock market. The next 40% owns 12% of the stock market. The bottom 50 has debt, they have credit card bills, they rent their homes, they have auto loans. And we've got to give them some relief that I, I was struck by the statistic from last year. That's the message right there. Just as a bystander. I'm like, wow, okay. Right. Or that I, I, I like the examples.


And I was really struck by two different statistics last year, summer of 2024 Americans took more European vacations than they had in history. Summer of 2024, more Americans were using food banks than they ever have in history. I went into two food banks that near my hometown to ask what's the story? And they said, you know, it really takes, for a lot of people, it's a loss of dignity to walk in a food bank course. And, but they were seeing something, a new phenomenon that it wasn't their traditional clientele wasn't people who'd lost their homes.


It wa weren't, wasn't people out on the street. These were working families who could no longer, you know, a hundred dollars at the grocery store, that basket of groceries every week. They were missing 5, 6, 7 things And they were coming to the food bank to top up. So, you know, that's not a great America record, European vacation record food banks. And, you know, no reason we can't keep the record European vacations going, but we got to take care of these other people. But, and you know what? That they don't want handouts. The Democrats had this strategy called Compensate the Loser.


So first of all, the name of that strategy, I don't think the bottom 50% of Americans are losers. I think the system hasn't worked for them. I think that they are winners. It's just a bad system. So we are going to fix the system. And look, they want good jobs. They want their kids to do better than they do. They want to own a home. They want to pay down their debt. That, you know, this, this isn't hard. And you know, I I think that we can do this in the next four years.


It used to be only crazy. People thought they were being watched all the time. Surveilled the guy mumbling next to you on the bus. But now anyone who knows what's going on thinks that because it's true. Your phones are listening to you tech companies tracking all your online activity in order to profit off of what ought to be private information governments are watching too. It's a corrupt system. It's frightening. And the worst part is it's all legal government certainly will not help stop this. Of course the intel agencies love it. So it's up to you to protect yourself. And that's where Express VPN comes in. Express VPN, which we use here is an app that sends a hundred percent of your online activity through secure encrypted servers. That means nobody can see what you do online. Not internet service providers, not data provoked brokers, not Intel agencies. Don't believe it. Listen to this. Within the last year, express VPN received over 400,000 data requests from tech companies and government agencies, but did not share a single piece of customer data. That's because the company has a strict zero logs policy Express. VPN cannot and will not share your data. They don't even have your data to share. ExpressVPN is easy to use, takes one click, it's rated number one by the experts at CNET and the Verge. And right now you get an extra three months for free. When you use a special link, go to ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker and get that extra months for free. It's ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker.


You grew up in a middle class working class background. You were very successful, lived in rich person world for a long time while this was all going on. And I just have to ask you candidly, when we ever a dinner with people who were like, wow, you know, we're doing great. I live in rich person world too. I'm not criticizing you at all. But like, did anyone at dinner ever say, wow, you know, I just tried to drive somewhere for a hundred miles in this country, doesn't look good. Like people are not thriving. Was there any sense of that among people you knew? No, they were more, my net jet was an hour late. So actually I I I, I had the worst day. My debt jet was an hour late. You can't be, oh my God, I'm gonna switch charter companies so that, that's, and look Tucker that I, I'm especially attuned to what I think is going on with the United States because, you know, I will tell you, my family was very affluent, early settlers.


We were very affluent. They had for about 250 years. My dad made a lot of bad financial choices. So when I, when I was born first, six, seven, eight years, we were affluent. He lost everything. And so I've seen what that's like. I've I've seen both sides. Yes. That I was fortunate enough to be able to make it back and that, you know, I I I know what economic insecurity is like and I don't think people should have to have that or if you wanna work hard. Yeah. And people wanna work hard. You know, you were out on the campaign trail of President Trump.


I was out on the campaign trail and I gotta say one of the most, so I went for the final two stops in Pittsburgh, grand Rapids, Michigan, Pittsburgh and the Duque Arena walk in And there are the, the union workers, steel workers, they got on their hats, they got on their vests, they're with their children and it's very moving. Like, they just want a better life. They want their communities to be sound, they want their kids to do better. They want a little league baseball. Like they don't care what's going on in Madison Avenue.


They don't know what the hot new restaurant is in Paris. And that President Trump somehow has assembled this incredible coalition of Elon Musk, the richest man in the world, and those folks who were in the Rose Garden yesterday and those people I saw at the Duque Arena. And I think it's unbelievable. Interesting. What do you worry about as Treasury Secretary? Obviously you probably like lying about at night, thinking about all the things that go wrong with the US economy. What are your, if you could be honest, like what are your biggest worries That, so to the extent that in my business career, I, I had a strong point.


I think it was risk management. So I I I view myself two things to the United States leading Bond salesman. Yep. And I think that with what's going on, I'm gonna have a better and better story to tell as we're getting our economic house and our fiscal house in order. And then I try to imagine what could go very wrong. What, what would we do if there were another outbreak similar to Covid? You know, you, you can't worry about things like that. But you know, I I worry about a kinetic war somewhere. Yeah. What, what would we do in, in, in the event of something that happened?


And what, what I try to do is create the situation where I can worry a little less every day. So I, I'll tell you, I came in, I was confirmed on January 28th, and during the month of January, 10 year interest rates, which is probably the most important rate in the country, mortgages are based on that business. And capital formation is based on that. You know, I came in and that it almost spike to 5%. And I think 5% can be an uncomfortable area for the economy, for treasury who has to issue a lot of bonds. And you know, now that I've gotten in, I worry a lot, a little less, but I, I still worry.


We've got a tremendous amount of debt to roll. And I worry that we aren't going to do the smart cuts and the focus on waste, fraud and abuse. I worry that that gets sidelined. And then on the other side, I, I worry that the tax bill somehow gets bogged down. We could have the largest tax increase in history or, you know, I, I worry that the, the normal geopolitical things, whether it's Iran, Taiwan, that something goes haywire between Russia and Ukraine for sure.


So you began your job description by saying you're bond salesman, you're selling America's debt to the world. Yep. And I know, I know that was like a big part of the portfolio as the transition was envisioning it like who can make the case for American Bonds to the world. How were your case? Are you confident You can do that? And how is your pitch changing after yesterday? Well, as I said, right, right now we're in, in this strange betwixt in between because we are going to take in substantial tariff revenue. And what Doge is doing is substantially cutting expenses. But we're not getting credit for it right now.


But I think markets starting to get a hint of it. So the 10 year bond having almost peaked at five is now through four. Way to think about it is every a hundred every basis points about a billion dollars in savings. So we've saved a hundred billion dollars and that's probably not gonna happen that quickly again. But I, I think that we are setting the sales for much better fiscal time and, you know, people don't have to say like the, the US is outta control, the US is going to default that we're not.


And I, I think every day my case gets better. And like, if, if we were to just imagine a very reductionist formula for government, so G equals S minus T spending minus taxes, right? That for spending our side, the Republicans likes to, we like to spend but less than the Democrats, but both sides like to spend and then minus T Democrats like higher taxes, we like lower taxes. What if the S actually went down? And I think to me, that's the exciting part that that's been unthinkable in everybody's calculation.


No one's even really seriously raised it, including Ronald Reagan, by the way. Yeah, I know. And look, IIII think President Reagan had a different agenda that he ramped up defense spending and remember, oh, he's crazy. It's this, it's gonna break the budget. Star Wars is crazy. He's a madman. And then the iron curtain went down. Yes. And we were able to, so it's actually a Soviet term And he used the Soviet strategy on this, on themselves, on the Russians escalate to deescalate. Yeah. So we escalated military spending, they tried to keep up and then they collapsed. So, you know, again, everything's easy in hindsight, but I think here what we're doing in terms of bringing down these credible levels of spending, but more, more importantly, I tell anyone who will listen, I said, remember Doge is the office of government efficiency, not elimination, not extinction.


So what if we can actually do a better job with what, with less seems inconceivable. But when, when I, when I see what's going on in a lot of these government agencies, it, it's unbelievable. And like if you think I, I've lived in Manhattan, I've lived in Florida, roughly state of New York, state of Florida have the same number of people. Actually Florida has few more now. So New York budget is about 235 billion. Florida budget's 125 billion. How do they do that? Oh, oh yeah. And there's no income tax in Florida.


Oh yeah. And the roads are better. And you go and get your driver's license and it takes 15 minutes, not five hours. So I think, can we make the rest of America look more like Florida and less like New York, or one day is New York gonna look more like Florida? So do you think after four years we will see an actual net reduction in government spending thanks to Doge Inflation adjusted? Yes. Huh. How long do you think Elon's in for? I I think that Elon, that day to day, I don't know, but I, I think his imprint is gonna be with us a long time.


And I, I think that the mainstream media has tried to demonize Doge and all the folks who work with him. And I tell you, we, we have a, a couple at treasury and a couple at IRS, they're treasury employees who I hired, I interviewed and you know, I'll tell you, there's this one fellow Tom Kraus, he was on TV with Brett Bearer the other night. And Tom's incredible, he's done a hundred billion dollars of tech mergers with my investment business. I would've hired him. I don't think I could have afforded him. And he is doing this for the good of his country.


He came in without touching any of the pavement systems that the mistruths that were spread by the Washington Post. He has analyzed the system. And within six weeks what pointed at all the vulnerabilities there, there's a young man named Sam Kos who was on Laura Ingram with me the other night. And that was my idea. It's like, let's bring him out of the shadows and let's make this demonization stop. And like this young man, other than the fact he only owns one pair of pants, which he likes telling everyone, I would you or I would be happy if our daughter brought him home.


He is a patriot. He's working hard for the country and he's analytical and the things that he's seen at the IRS just in their tech systems. And that's all he does. You know, Elon has a shirt that he wears under his jacket And he'll flash it every once in a while. And that says tech support. And that's what we're getting is we've got a blockbuster style government and we should be on Netflix. We're, we're hailing cabs and we're in an Uber economy. Why can't the government be in the gig economy? Not hard. So we're not positive if cryptocurrencies the future of finance, but we do know that what we have now is broken and dangerous.


Debt has never been higher in this country. Many of our so-called leaders are getting rich serving you. It's a scam.


So where does it go? Well, thankfully there are options. Donald Trump has said repeatedly, he wants the United States to be the crypto capital of the world. He's already created the Crypto advisory council and recently signed an executive order to establish a Bitcoin strategic reserve. This could give normal people an alternative to the government's failing system and frankly to the US dollar. I'm not saying put all your money outside the US dollar, but like, don't be crazy, don't be stupid here. You can see where it's going. So the people at i iTrust Capital can help you get into this. It's complicated for people who aren't following it. They make it easy. They're based a hundred percent in the United States of America. We looked into this, they service only American investors And they operate the only platform that allows you to buy and sell crypto 24 7, both inside and outside of your tax advantage to IRA. And it all happens on one easy to use dashboard. They also operate a closed loop system, meaning that bad actors can't access your account and steal your money. So if you're considering adding Bitcoin, if you want to or some other cryptocurrency, your portfolio I trusts can be trusted and it's easy to understand. I iTrust Capital dot com or click the link below.


What, can I ask you a weird question? What, who runs the Federal Reserve? Exactly. I I don't really, how can you have this like, pivotal entity institution that obviously has like the most direct effect on markets of any, and it, it does seem outside of political control. What is that? Well, look, I I, I think that I, during my confirmation hearing and I, I was actually the at, at a dinner that Jerome Powell was at last night at my confirmation hearing, I said, you know, I'm only going to talk about the mistakes of Federal Reserve has made in the past.


I won't talk about the ones that are gonna make in the future. Right? But I, I think it is important for monetary policy that they are waled off that some of the other things they do, what regulation they got into DEI, they got into climate. I actually think that that impinges on their monetary policy and makes them vulnerable. So I think that they should focus on monetary policy doing The best that they can for the American economy, the American people keeping inflation low. And then, you know, the, the rest there, there are a lot of other banking agencies too.


So the Fed controls the weather now too. What were they doing with climate? Well, I, I will tell you, there's something that the treasury secretary chairs something called the Financial Stability Oversight Council. And it's all, all the financial regulators. And I think it was two weeks before Silicon Valley Bank went under fs OC issued a report. And guess what they said the biggest risk to the financial system was climate. Really. Not that there was a large bank in California that was ha having a slow motion run on its assets and that the, it would cause another bank failure.


Then another bank failure is climate. So as, as far as I can see, climate's been pretty good. They, they failed, the regulators failed. And I, I think that's what people are getting sick of. And it's back to my, one of my favorite phrases that President Trump uses common sense. Yes. Look, it's just common sense that they, if you have a whole bunch of deposits that could leave your bank with a click, you shouldn't have all these long-term assets. But they were too busy worrying about the, the weather. And there was also some degree of regulatory capture.


Seems hard to believe to the average citizen. The CEO of Silicon Valley Bank was on the board of the San Francisco Federal Reserve, who was his chief regulator. They're gonna tell that guy what to do. Why is gold moving around the world in such huge quantities right now? Well, a couple of things. It, it's moving the physically it's moving because of potential tariffs here. So like, it was unclear whether we were going to exempt gold from Terrace, which I believe we have. So there was a big move out of vaults in Switzerland, out of Vaults in London to get it into New York.


And look that there, there are a lot of different stores of value over time. Bitcoin's becoming a store of value. Go gold has historically been a store of value. You know, I think what's interesting is where do we see the gold demand coming from? A huge amount is from China. Yes. Where they, as I said, they're in the middle of an economic recession slash depression. People don't trust the Chinese currency 'cause they have capital controls. There are one point, 1.4 billion Chinese who won't want to get their money out And they won't let 'em, they will let 'em buy gold.


So that's the response you think, but it's just, do, do you find it interesting that even now, 2025, when everything is abstract and digital, that gold is still widely believed globally to be a reliable store of value? I I think that store gold, gold has a a, a lot of history going with it. Yep. That friend of mine's grandmother during Russia had a financial crisis in 98. Then they had a big inflation and a friend of mine's grandmother went out and bought 18 bicycles and put 'em in her apartment. And that was her store of value. Yes. So How'd she do on the bike investment? Great, Great. I I wish I did that Well.


So, but that, look, you know, gold, gold also has other applications, a lot of applications, jewelry in India. But it's something that historically people have all agreed on. And gold does not have. Gold can't have a fiscal problem. Gold cannot have a gigantic budget deficit. Gold cannot have the a a war. So just the fact that it is this isolated thing makes it very interesting. And the fact that the entire global trading system until Richard Nixon took us off, was tied to gold.


So you're not anti gold. Oh, no, no, no, no. I, the, when, when I had my fund, I think people might've called me a gold bug. How'd you wind up interacting with Zelensky President asked me to go to Keefe. Well, he, he actually asked me to lead the economic agreement that was part of his peace plan. And I, I think it's important to look at the arc of President Trump's peace plan. And he had sequenced it really well. It was, we're gonna sign a deal with Ukrainians and it'll do several things.


One, it will make the US and Ukraine partners. So link us closer together. Two, it will be a symbol to Russian leadership that the US isn't abandoning Ukraine. But importantly three, it will show the American people that we have an economic stake. And that we haven't just been doing these massive grants, which has been the history of usaid of course. So Ukraine succeeds, we succeed and it could be a long-term partnership. Now President, I, I thought it was important to take the agreement to Kiev and present it to President Zelensky.


Everyone was telling me, oh no, having meet you in Vienna, he's gonna be at the Munich Security Conference a few days later. I said, no, I want to go there and discuss it with him. And that's how I ended up going to Kiev. Very, very interesting. Going to Kiev, fly to Poland. Yeah. Then you get on, I don't know if you've been on it, get on this night train for 10 hours and you arrive at Kyiv at eight 30 in the morning. And for anyone who they said, oh, The president Trump's selling out to the Russians, not selling out to the Russians. The Russians bombed Kyiv four hours before I got there.


They hadn't bombed since November. So the Russians didn't like the look of this deal 'cause it thought that the, it was actually something durable for the US people and the Ukrainian people. So what happened, President Zelensky was in the mood to sign the deal that day. We had a spirited discussion. And I said to him, you've got 50 reporters out there. I am here to show that there is no daylight between the American people, the Russian people between, excuse me, Ukrainian people between the American leadership and Ukrainian leadership.


And I said, you've opened up daylight size of the Grand Canyon. What are we gonna go out and tell those people? He said, tell 'em I'm gonna sign the deal in Munich. I said, so you're gonna sign the deal when you see Vice President Vance and Secretary of State Rubio in Munich? Yes. He didn't sign it there. There's a lot of back and forth the following week. They're begging to come to the White House and should make him sign the deal before he comes. And then he got to the Oval Office and blew up what should have been the easiest thing to do in the world. He was supposed to show up, have a press conference, we were gonna have a private lunch if he had anything on his mind, there were gonna be nine of us, nine of them in the White House dining room.


He could have aired his grievances then. And there's a famous photo in, in the East Wing ballroom of everything laid out on the table to be signed and it never got signed. So this is an unelected president of a client state whose bureaucrats are being paid directly by American taxpayers, including their retirement accounts are funded by us And, and, And they have the lowest retirement agent in Europe. It's 60, put it in contrast. France is 62 and Italy 67. And we're paying for that. And so at a certain point, you know, you wouldn't expect a man like that in a highly precarious position. I think it's, it's fair to say to like, assume a high handed tone with American officials and berate them and sniff a lot and say, you know, just basically act like a crazy person.


Like how do you account for that, the arrogance? What is that Look a a couple couple of things is he was a performer. Yes. Kind of a vaudevillian. And he was an ordinary person thrown into a fraught time. Rose to the occasion Yes. Was heroic. Yes. And I think is stuck and I think under a tremendous amount of pressure, I think that some of the government officials around him and the cabinet are very good. I think some of the people around him, he's not getting The best advice. That his advisors are not perfect.


And I think if we go back to the agreement, I think one of the great things about the agreement is it makes sure that the money comes to the American people and the Ukrainian people. 'cause Tucker, let me tell you what the agreement wasn't. It wasn't one of these rapacious Chinese deals where it's sign over your sign over your port or it wasn't a loan to own. Here's the loan, you're never gonna be able to pay it back. We're gonna get this. It's a genuine economic partnership that they put in assets. We, we can put in loans from our overseas banks. We put in American knowhow and we didn't get any, we don't make any money unless they make money.


And you know who doesn't like that? People with their hand in the till. Right? Right. Because we were regulating the flow of the money. Ah. So the, I think that's part of the glitch. I am hopeful that the, that it was a bug not a feature of the system. And that that's been fixed. We're expecting a Ukraine, Ukrainian technical team beginning of next week. And I'm hopeful we can get this thing signed and go back to a win-win situation because The president Trump's, I, I didn't give you the full arc of the deal.


President Trump wanted to create the, this deal with the Ukrainians, then be able to go to Russian leadership with, and show them that we do stand with the Ukrainians, but the on, on an economic basis. And then the Russians would be incentivized to come to the table also. And so that the sequencing, sequencing has been thrown off. But you know, I think we can fix it. Are we ever gonna get an audit of where all of our billions went, where all the weapons we sent, what happened to all the cash, all the pallets of a hundred dollars bills?


Like where are they now? Why, why is it hard to get an audit of what happened in the money? I, I, I don't know. You know, Tucker in my life, I always try to look forward. Yes. And I I think if this deal works, then that money could end up being small change. Yes. A, a good way to think about it. When the Iron curtain came down, Ukraine and Poland's economies were roughly the same size. Poland is three and a half or four times larger now. Yes, Poland is going to have one of the highest per capita GDPs in the world higher than some western European countries. For sure. Ukraine to your point, because of various kleptocracy aspects has been held back.


Yes. So hopefully with US assistance and President Trump engineering this peace deal Ukrainian people can have a better future For a treasury's secretary. You're a very capable diplomat, I must say. Very diplomatic language. Last question. How do you, so, because this is also new, just going back to the tariff announcement yesterday and because it's like, it really is a total departure from what all of us have grown up with and our expectations and however much you support it, it's like it's new and people are freaked out about it. How do you keep message discipline in an administration, in any administration?


And this one specifically, how do you decide how you're going to explain this? Who's going to explain it? How do you keep messages from contradicting one another? What is that process like? We, we all take President Trump's lead. Yeah. We, we, we know, we, we had a meeting yesterday morning, we had a meeting after the announcement in the Rose Garden before we went out doing media. And he, as you know, he, he's his own best spokesman. Yes. No, nobody can do it better. And then, you know, we, we fan out and we are all unified behind this and his vision. That's why we're here. If, if you didn't want to be part of it shouldn't be here.


But you ever say like, you know, maybe this is someone who can reassure potential bond buyers, investors in markets. This person scares the crap out of markets. Like, let's get the guy who reassures markets. Well, the, the one thing I, I will say that no one should listen to anyone in the markets talk about the US dollar other than President Trump or myself. We are the only ones who speak for this administration, the United States government on dollar policy. And I can tell you we have a strong dollar policy and we are putting in all of the necessary ingredients to make sure the dollar is strong over the long run.


Can it go up and down, you know, on, on a Bloomberg terminal over the short run? Sure can. Individual bilateral moves happen between the dollar and the Mexican currency, the dollar and the end. Sure. That's, that's what I made my living going. I'm glad it does it. But over time, if we put in solid economic fundamentals, the, and do this transformative program, then the the dollar's gonna do great. And the American people are gonna do Great. Secretary, Thank you very much. Thank You. Appreciate it. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day.


We know the people who run it, good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bells. You never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter, telling the truth, always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.