
America, it's time for a redecoration of independence. We're amid a hostile takeover. The globalists and their political henchmen are seeking control of you and America. A group of Patriots inspired by Tucker Carlson's famous call to bravery have written a redecoration of independence, demanding that our representatives go to Washington and begin dismantling the Washington Political Empire. Go to redecoration.org. That's redecoration.org. Read, sign and forward. Red. Declare your Independence today.


So who's, you've been in politics what? Ford Campaign 76. Is that when you started, Started, Who's gonna win this race? Donald Trump. That you sound pretty authoritative on that. I think it's his to lose at this point in time. Yes. Welcome to Tucker Carlson Show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else. And they're not censored, of course, because we're not gatekeepers. We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly.


Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's the episode. Why do you say that? Well, you look at the composition of the undecided voter and you know, in seven battleground states, the undecided voter overwhelmingly thinks the country has been going in the wrong direction. They feel like they have not benefited in the last four years. They remember because Trump was president just four years ago, what it was like when he was president pre Covid. And so they can compare his record versus the Biden Harris record. And, and you look at the undecided issue agenda, it's, it's the Trump issue agenda.


The number one issue is the economy, the inflation. Number two is the border and illegal immigration and crime. And third issue is safety in the world. And somewhere there's abortion, somewhere there's is, is, is fear for democracy. But when you look at how the voters feel on demo, the issue of democracy, it splits 50 50. I mean, half the country is fearful because of what Biden has been doing. And the other half is fearful because of what Biden says Trump will do, except Trump has been president. So you can't say Trump will do something beyond what he did as president before. So the issue doesn't cut with the remaining undecided.


It's what cuts is the economy, the border, the wars in, in Ukraine and in the Gulf And there he has a 10 to 12 point lead and those major issues over Harris, among the undecideds. So It's kind of that simple. I mean, so their issues, Harris's issues are Trump's personality, abortion in January 6th. Trump's issues are the economy, the border crime, and the threat of nuclear war. It seems like he's got a much stronger hand than she does. Yeah, I mean, if she had run a different campaign, it might've been more difficult for Trump, but she basically gave Trump his issues to, to be the deciding issues of the campaign.


She's realized that, I think you've seen now when she talks about, you know, she's, the closing narrative of her campaign is Trump is unhinged, he's unstable and, and she's using former Republicans as advocates to make the point. She's doing that because the undecided votes is left out. There isn't vote that is inclined towards her for the reasons I just said. And so she's gotta peel off soft vote from Trump or people who would not be for, who would not be for her, but don't like Trump. And so they're not gonna vote. And so she's trying to get that sort of, I guess the, the old, the Rhino Republican, the, the, yeah, the Antit Trumpers, the suburban women, Republican women.


And so she's, her job is to get those type of people to come out to vote for her. But the people who are undecided and are gonna vote in the election are the ones that have the profile that I've described. And, and so as long as Trump stays on message, you know, they're gonna break into my judgment in favor. It's, you know, because I've been around a long time. In 1980, I was involved in 1980 ranking campaign at a senior level. And in that campaign it was, there are a lot of parallels to this race. You had a failed Democrat, president and Jimmy Carter. The issues were economic and the issues were the, the Iran hostage situation.


And, and, but Reagan was an unknown commodity. He'd been governor in California, but he, the, the Carter campaign against him was, he was a cowboy. He was a reckless, he would, there'd be World War iii and, but the issue agenda was an economic issue agenda and, and like with Trump and, and this year. And so Reagan had to prove himself as being capable of President Trump doesn't have to do that 'cause he's already been president. So that first hurdle that Reagan had, Trump doesn't have, although Harris was trying to make that into a negative hurdle for, for Trump. But once Reagan was able to demonstrate he was, he could be president, which he did in the, the only debate that he had with Carter, the undecided vote just all moved over to Trump in the last 10 days of the campaign To toward Reagan.


I mean, to to Reagan the last 10 days of the campaign, because they saw Reagan as a strong leader. And, they, they were voting against Carter's economic record. You've got that same kind of dynamic in this race right now. So 45 years later, I think very few people remember that the Carter Reagan race in the fall of 1980 was considered too close to call or maybe Carter's to lose. Correct. That is correct. Right? That that is correct. And it was a, it was a landslide victory. It certainly was, I mean, changed American politics for the next 30 years at least. That's right. So you were in it, was it obvious to you that Reagan was gonna win?


We knew the last week of the campaign he was going to win data was all very, very clear. And we didn't know the lance that would be as big as it was. but we knew it was going to be a big win. We, we actually started spending time covertly on some of the Senate races because we were looking to, we, and we, we won a number of Senate seats that were weren't supposed to win in 1980 because the tide was that strong. But the, but what had happened in 1980 is all the polling companies, national polls shut down the last week of the campaign. Hmm. Because it showed Carter winning And. they all thought he was going to win.


And, and so there was no polling the last week of the campaign except for us. We, we, we were, we were doing our, our targeted states Poll, the internal polling from the regular campaign Right. From the campaign. And, and so we saw the break, we saw what was happening and, and so we weren't surprised on election day. Did e every legacy media account I read of the state of the race today tells me that it's just too close to call. Is that you don't, you don't seem to think that it's too close to call. Why are they saying that? Well, I Think it's, no, I think it's a close election. I think that the undecideds when they break, are gonna break three to two, two to one for, for Trump.


He's ahead now in all seven battleground states. And in fact, you know, I draw your attention to start watching Virginia, Minnesota and maybe even New Mexico where the races have gotten close, you know, close meaning a couple points. And the movement is against Harris in those states. Now do I think they'll close for Harris? Probably. But it, we could see happening in those states. What we do see happening in the southern battleground states and then decided is the differences of the battleground states were already ahead in every one of them. And so any breaking disproportionately to, to Trump will enhance the lead as opposed to Virginia or Minnesota where we need to take the lead from the breaking.


But it's possible. I mean, and, and the, the clues you see is, is when you look at what's happened this past weekend and some of the key Democrats senate incumbent races in the blue wall states in Wisconsin and in min Michigan. And in Pennsylvania, you have incumbent Democrat senators running who are in dead heat races with Republican challengers and, and by public polling. And you look, they've all put up ads this weekend, all three graces where the Democrat senators are endorsing Trump policies by name in their political advertising using The word Donald Trump, Using the word Howard.


They support the Trump border plan. They support the Trump fracking plan, they support the Trump tariff plan depending on the states. Yeah. They wouldn't be, But you have a Democrat supporting the Trump border plan. Yeah, Well that's like a violation of the catechism. That's a big deal to say something like that. I think It, it and the Trump tariff plan in, in Michigan, it's not something that Harris is supporting at all. And yet Slotkin is And they in her advertising, when you see that kind of evidence, you know, they're seeing in their private polling what we're seeing in our, in, in our private polling, which is that the undecideds that are left in the race, probably in theirs and ours, since there's their tracking, are on the same issue.


Agenda And, they wouldn't be meaning on economics. Trump's position on tariffs in Michigan, Trump's position on fracking in Pennsylvania. And it's so you see it empirically in there. You see in our data, we, we, we feel like watching the shift in the, in the narrative that Harris has taken the past week since her Fox interview, where she now is totally under this personality cult attack and that he's too dangerous to be president, giving up all the issues. She's given up the issue agenda and, and making her race all about Donald Trump. Why would she do that?


Because I think she believes, she sees what we see, which is that on the, the the main issues, she has not sold her case. And Trump has, they view Trump as better on dealing with inflation by 12 points in, in some of the public polls. They see Trump on the border by over 12 points over, over 15 points over her, you know, and trusting him to deal with overseas issues by 10 points. She sees that. So, you know, it's too late in the campaign now to, to change that, that direction. So she's got to throw the hail, Mary Paris, which was the other core part of her strategy, which is Trump is unhinged and unstable and she's focusing on this soft vote and Republican vote or the Republican vote that's not voting, which is suburban women and, and targeting them on the message and using Liz Chaney and, and others.


So If you're, if you're pulling out the Cheneys as a democratic presidential candidate in the last moments, I mean, first of all, you, you know, you deserve to lose more than anything for doing that. But, but if someone had told you five years ago that the most left-wing American senator would become the Democratic presidential candidate and drop the Cheneys out. What I mean, I mean, you you can't make that stuff up. Yeah. I mean, no, and, and the thing is both parties have got their base. I mean, when Trump's going, getting into all the public polls, between 90 and 93% of the Republican vote, she's getting between 90 and 93 2% of the democratic vote.


So this is not a base election anymore, the base, you know. But what she's trying to do is mix up the base a little bit by, by some of these anti-Trump republicans who are not voting prayer for the most part or had, and, and try and get, peel those votes over to her because she's not confident she could win over the undecided voter in western Pennsylvania because of where the Trump's position over her is on the economy, on fracking. And, and this is, this is where she failed in her debate with Trump. And her job at that debate was to introduce herself to the country, but to also show that she had a plan.


She didn't do that. And by going dark with, with the, with the media for so long, she never defined herself. And, and what the Trump campaign has done using her and her public appearances and her recorded statements from 2019 as well as the, while vice president, we've defined her using her on her positions and that's worked. And, and as a result you have a lot of, well, he's carrying the independent vote. He's, he's, he's, we could carry the Hispanic vote like Majority, like Majority in a couple of the battleground states. Yes.


Like a majority he's getting 25% of the board. So that's a history changing change in politics. Yeah. If that happens. Yeah. And, and you know, it, it's for a lot of reasons, but all of them make sense. It's independent on, in Nevada and Arizona. It's because of the border. It's because of the crime, it's 'cause of the impact of illegals on their communities, but it's also cultural values and, and woke them, you know, and family values. It's, it's school board issues and transgender and things like that. You know, where in the Hispanic families it's a, it's a culturally tight-knit family situation.


These are issues that bothered him. I think Nevada's majority Hispanic now or it's Pretty close Or Yeah, close for sure. And so the idea was that people with Hispanic last names love illegal immigration, but that's turned out It's not true At all. No, because they're paying the, they're suffering the most and one because their, of their jobs, two, because of the impact on limited community resources. Three, the crime is in their neighborhoods. And, and, and you've had Harris out there for three and a half years saying there's no problem. There is no border problem there. You're not recognizing it, not even visiting it and being empathetic.


And that has resonated in the Hispanic community. And, and we're seeing that in the Hispanic community, in people places like Pennsylvania as well and And. so that that framework of the electorate is totally tilting away is, and when in some of these Hispanic vote and a lot of the black vote that's now favoring Trump, it's a, it's has two, it's a two for, for us, because it's one vote out of the Democratic candidate, one vote for the Republican. It's, it's not just a, a swing voter that's, you know, for grabs, you know, you know that she's losing a vote every time we gain a black vote, you know, that she normally would've had as a Democrat nominee.


And again, the the reason these people, the, the, the profile of the Trump black voter this time are black men under 25, I mean under 4 35. And it's for a reason. They've suffered economically, they've given up on the, the promises of the Democratic party. They, they, and, and Trump in some ways is a iconic figure to them. And, and, but they, he definitely gets them. They And they see that he gets them. So it's not that vote is not vote that's gonna slip away in the next two weeks as we get close, close to the election.


And that's why she's targeting disaffected women Republicans who don't like Trump the personality. It's Just kind of weird that she'd be running on Trump's personality because it's the single most familiar fact in all American politics what Donald Trump's personality is like. 'cause we've talked about it every single day for 10 years. So is there really room for movement on that question? Is there anyone thinking, oh, wow, Trump is kind of volatile. I had no idea. I think I won't vote for him. She's Already got those voters. Exactly. Yeah. I mean, it is baked in and that's why the, you know, these undecided voters, if you look at any focus groups that are out there, you'll see they all are saying, well, yeah, I don't like his personality, but I was better for the under his when he was president and I don't know what she stands for and I don't wanna risk for more years.


And these are people who've traditionally vote Democrat because they Told us, remember, they would always remember. I mean, it's all they talked about for the better part of a decade. Trump is a racist, Trump is a racist, let me repeat, Trump is a racist and no, he's like on track to win the majority of the Hispanic vote in a huge chunk of black men. I guess that didn't work. We can say No, it didn't. I mean it's, that could have worked if it was part of a strategy, but not the work because it's the strategy and yeah, that's all that she's offering. People who have had a very lousy three and a half years, Do they even say that anymore? Trump is erase, remember that was the only thing they said about Trump.


Yeah, they're not saying it that way anymore. Although I think you'll see in the next two weeks they will get that raw again because that's the stage that they're at in the campaign. So I I think it's gonna be a very ugly close by, really by the Harris campaign. In what way? I mean, they will be tossing around Hitler and racism and things like that as if they were not, as not the kind of powerful words that they are.


Who knows you better than you know yourself? Is it your spouse, your parents, your siblings? Oh, oh, someone knows you even better than they do. If you own a smartphone, a computer, or any device that's connected to the internet, there are thousands of companies, some of whom you've never heard of who know you better than you know yourself. Well, how do they do that? Well, because they have your data and because they have your data. They know everything you've ever bought, even the things you've almost bought. They know who you talk to. They know your private and personal beliefs and more. All of that information turns up in something called a profile of you. And those companies can sell that profile to anyone they want. Marketers, activists, and yes, governments. You have no privacy. And because you don't, there's a $200 billion a year industry feasting on your data. Well, if you find that disgusting and immoral and in violation of your basic human rights, you've got two options. You could a, get off the internet entirely and just unplug or you could start to protect yourself. And we recommend express VPN to do that. Express VPN encrypts and reroutes your network connection through secure servers. And that makes your internet traffic totally private, no one can see it. And express VPN works in everything you own, your smartphone, your laptop, your tablet, all of it. All you do is press one button, one tap and your protected. When you see that app turned green, you know that you now have a private secure internet connection. So, if you don't like the idea of weirdos on the internet, knowing everything that you're doing, protect yourself right now. Use our special link to get three extra months of ExpressVPN for free. Go to ExpressVPN dot com slash Tucker to learn more. That's express XPR ess vpn.com/ Tucker to reclaim your privacy.


Yeah, they're much less powerful than they used to be though. I remember the first time someone said something like that called him Hitler or said he was a white supremacist or racist. I remember being really shocked by it. Now it's like, oh, shut up. Well, it's, people are more immune to it. And again, the I, in my personal opinion, she's got the vote that's gonna be moved by that right there, that's not gonna be the last 5%. And yeah. And so Trump is running a closing campaign that's dealing with what, what the undecideds want to hear. She is running a closing campaign that's based on fear, right? Trying to make, trying to make the undecided voter fear Trump and therefore just resignedly say, okay, I'm willing to risk four more years of this 'cause I fear Trump.


Right. I don't think that's a winning close. And, and I don't see it in the, the data and I, and I don't see it in my experience, in politics of being the kind of thing in a close race, if you will, that will be allow people to vote against their economic interest because that's what they're, these undecided people are saying is, I've had a miserable four years. I believe Trump can do a better job, but for me, but I'm gonna vote against him. I don't see that happening. Do you feel confident enough to bet on it? If I were a betting man? Yes.


Do do you believe in the predictions markets, the betting markets? Well, I mean, I pay attention to them. And, and if you look at the betting markets today, they're at the highest point in the, in the all, all the years Trump has been in politics saying that Trump's gonna win. It's like the, the average, I think today is like 58, 50 9% of the, of the betting market is saying Trump now. And, and You can track how that betting market has gone since she came into the race when she had the, was first announced. And when we went through the sugar high and then the, the debate, I mean the, the, the betting markets followed her and, and were favoring her.


But over the last month as the campaign pain, the campaign strategies have impacted the electorate at the grassroots level. You've started to see it ticking up for Trump. And now it's dramatically up for Trump going into the close, the last two weeks of the close. And I don't see any major October surprise as we call it, that's going to come up that can change that trajectory. Now the hurricane season was almost over. Yep. The the war situation, I think is the war. They're waiting it out for the next two weeks to see who wins. I could be wrong, but I mean, if Israel does something and striking in Iran, I I, that doesn't hurt Trump.


It could hurt Harris. The economy's not gonna get better in the next two weeks. So there's no event that's going to change the trajectory of the race, like the debate did in 1980 Reagan versus Carter allowing the undecided to vote their economic interest. There's nothing that's gonna change, I don't believe that will allow the undecided to vote against their economic interests for he heirs. That's been, and and again, Trump is ahead in all seven states right now by the, by the public polling summaries. So the, the foundation is there and you also have what we call the, the unknown Trump factor, where historically Trump is one or two points better than the polls show him to be.


And in some cases dramatically more than one or two points. You look at the national polls today, Harris is up by about a point and a half ally and national polls of, of, of all voters is very, is not in a good measure any longer of what's gonna happen in two on election day. Plus you have people voting now. So it's not just voting on election day. The changes that we're all seeing happen in Trump's favor is happening contemporaneously with people actually casting votes. And you know, one of the, you know, the Harris campaign has had the money advantage, but they've also been too big, big money, big money advantage.


But, you know, but too much money advantage, meaning that we don't need as much money as she has to win. We were Hillary Clinton, I overspent outspent Trump, but by almost half a billion dollars in 2016 and lost. And so she's going to not be much more than if she won't be that much ahead of, of Trump in the end. And but her money advantage and her quote field advantage, you know, it was supposed to make the difference. Well, she doesn't have a field advantage. And that's one of the myths that the mainstream media has perpetuated during this campaign. It's that Trump has no ground game and Harris has this juggernaut. Well, the last time I heard that was in 2016 when I was told that the campaign we had put together was was, you know, terrible grassroots campaign and that Hillary Clinton had the most professional field operation in history.


Well, we know what happened, what happened there. It's the same thing. The saying the same thing today. We have a very good ground. I mean, when you look at the early voting that's happening, and the, and millions of votes have been cast by now between the early voting and, and absentee voting. And you, where everyone's modeling that stuff. And the Democrats turnout advantage on early voting is dramatically lo less than it's ever been again over the last eight years. But guess, and so we're holding our own or doing better than our own in the early voting, but then guess who has an advantage on election day? We do. Because that's where we've always had to turn all of our vote out because we always were against the early voting until this cycle.


She doesn't have as a good an organization for the election day as she has for early voting, but she's not winning the margin she needs so far in the first two weeks of the early voting that's happened. So the field organization isn't even an advantage at, at this point in time. We've got the issue advantage and, and the, we, we've got more than enough money to do what we need to do in our campaign. Therefore, looking at all the pieces of an election, her race is counting on her, getting people to vote against their economic interest because Trump is a threat to democracy. I don't see that happening. No, I, I agree with you.


Looking back over the last three months really since June, since the debate between Trump and Biden, what are the things that the Trump campaign has done right, do you think? Well, they were ready for Harris. I mean we saw going into after the debate, June, the possibility that Biden might not be a candidate. I didn't believe it. I thought he would never quit. But, but the campaign saw the possibility and so they did their research on Harris and on the other potential candidates that could have been the, the nominee. So that when Biden did drop out, we were ready and we had ads ready and, and we knew how we wanted to define all of the potential proponent we might have.


We didn't think that they would get rid of Biden and give us Harris because we, we viewed Harris as the weakest of all the potential candidates because she'd have to live on the record of the administration. Exactly. And but that was Joe Biden's gift to Donald Trump because Biden was so upset with the Democratic co deta against him that he told them he was going to endorse his vice president when we had Nancy Pelosi and Obama wanted an open primary of all the leading candidates so that they could control who would come out of the Democratic convention.


She didn't, they didn't get that Biden announced on Sunday. He was quitting and announced on Monday. He endorsed Ca Kabbala Harriss and then it became impossible for anybody to run against Harriss. You Think that was an act of aggression against his own party? I do. Really? Yeah. So diminish though. He is, you think that Joe Biden was angry enough at Pelosi and Obama that he decided to screw the Democratic party by gifting them? Michelle, You you've watched his Irish temper enough times Yeah. As I have. Yeah. And you know how he's always felt disparaged by the democratic establishment, including Obama, including that Nancy Pelosi. Yeah. Especially Obama. Yeah. Yeah. And when he didn't wanna quit, he, he felt, and there's a case to be made today that he could have been a better candidate than hes, because he felt all along that the Democratic base, which was against, which was the reason why he was trailing badly after his debate would've no choice but to come together after Labor Day and support him.


And then he thought he could beat beat Trump again, you look at the, if you want to an analyze it through his, his eyes, he's probably right that the base would've come back to him. The media would've had to come back to him against Trump because there's, they were always gonna be against Trump and he would be a much better candidate in Pennsylvania. He'd be a much better candidate in the, in the Midwest because he's got working class roots. You've got an elitist democrat liberal as the democratic nominee when the battleground states are in the Midwest. And, and, and so you could make the case that he would've been at least as strong as her, but, but the Pelosi strategy was never to have Harris and it's, they, they a Shapiro or a Whitmer or even a Newsom could have had, you know, a certain appeal in the Midwest that a Harris didn't have.


So you Think Obama and Pelosi never thought they were getting Kamala Harris when they pushed Biden to retire? I Don't, I don't really, yeah. And that was Joe Biden's gift to them in return for the gift they gave him. And so, which is Knifing him. Yes. And so, but that's why here's, but what we didn't analyze nobody could have is how all in the media would be to just, you know, make her into the second Obama try to make her into this. Except she can't speak like Obama. She's have, you know, she Obama's much more articulate. Obama stood for something that she can't stand for.


Obama was gonna be the first black president. Yeah. Now she's gonna first black woman president. But the, the concept who cares at this point. Yeah, exactly. And, and she's not articulate. She, she's afraid of being with the media. If they don't prop her up, she can't hold her own. And I've learned having done enough elections that the American people get, generally get it, they, they, by, by election day, they get it. I mean, sometimes with the, you know, in 2020 covid distorted everything. And then the changing of the rules on voting distorted everything. Yeah. And then Republicans not knowing how to deal with early voting and participating distorted everything.


Well, this is a much more normal election. I mean, the rules are the same rule are settled rules. We fixed some of the excesses of 2020 in the, in the, in the number of the battleground states. So that voter identification is gonna be important. Republicans are participating in early voting this time in an aggressive way. And we're seeing it in the early voting, the results. So in, in a more normal election, having a California liberal who hasn't been out there running for president and trying to define herself what, you know, should not be a victorious campaign.


The reason she's in play is 'cause the media has defined her for her as this saint and this, this turning the page, well again, American people know turning the page from what, from the Biden Harris administration, how do you turn the page on yourself and give them something different? And what, especially when she hasn't defined what she's gonna do or when she has, it's been contradiction to what she said she stood for before. And again, she's winning her vote. And most polls show this because even in the Democratic base that supported her, they're anti-Trump because a lot of those people who weren't so anti-Trump democrats would be voting for a Republican candidate right now.


Not name Trump because of the economic failures of this administration against theirs. But Trump brings out an additional kind of voter that no Republican can get. And he's changing the, the, the com composition of the Republican party into a working man's party, working class party to a middle American party. I think it's finally happening. It must be weird for you as someone who's been, you know, top levels of the Republican party for all these years, almost 50, to see all these People, you know, come out against Trump. And in some cases for Kamala Harris, like the pillars of the party, Dick Cheney is just one among many.


It it is, yes it is. And and it's, and it's because of the personality that they're coming out. But it's also because they've, they've had their time And, they just, they they're settled in their ways. And they think that Trump doesn't represent the party that they were a part of, you know, 20 years ago. Well, he Doesn't, Well he doesn't, but a lot of the principles he does. Yes. And, and so, but they've put, they've, they've subordinated principles to the, the how they want the party to look, which is the exact opposite of what the Democrats have done. Yeah. They don't care what the party looks like. It's principles that drive the Democratic party and it's woke leftist principles that are not in the interest of the country.


And as a result, you've had the changing of the electorate of the, of the composition of, of the two parties where the Democrats are now in elitist party from the coast and the Republicans are ma Main Street and not Wall Street, Even, those, their reputation is still at And. they, and Trump is making it into a really working class party. What do you think of that? Well, I think, well I think if, if you wanna run a country, you have to have more than elitist as a, as a focus of warrior policy should go. Yeah. I mean that's why I got involved in politics. I mean, as a conservative I've, I've, you know, back in the, in the sixties, I was upset with what was emerging as Johnson kind of big government, the social welfare program, you know, things like that.


And, and so I was coming from a working class background and I saw the Republican party, not necessarily the leadership of the Republican party, but the principles of what Goldwater was talking about as, as something that attracted my interest. Well, Trump has taken that to a new level. Trump has made it into the leadership of the party, not just the focus of the principles of the party. And I think long term that's a, a coalition that can govern for a long time. Especially when you take the, the negative part of Trump out of the equation and keep all the positives Yeah. In the equation.


I think that, that the Democrats are either gonna have to f come back towards the center or we are gonna be in power for a long time. I mean, I think it's not inconceivable to think that Trump is gonna have a Republican Congress, he's gonna have a Republican senate. It could have 54, 55 members of the Republican Senate. And it's probable with him winning with breaking the way, I think things are gonna break that we'll keep the house. And if we do that, then something very different from 2017, it's gonna exist. You're gonna have an experience, president Trump who understands Washington a lot better than he did in 2017 when he took the oath of office.


And you are gonna have a Republican Congress controlled Congress. That's people, people that are part of the Trump make America great again agenda with a speaker of the house who actually is supportive of the economic policies that Trump wants to enact versus what Paul Ryan was doing as Speaker of the house, convincing Trump not to do the things that he should have done in the first year. And therefore having immigration reform and, and, and economic reforms that Trump wanted put on the back burner to never get to the front burner. That's not gonna happen 2025. And, and so with those changes, I believe the country is gonna get stronger economically.


I think the world is gonna get better, get safer. I think we're gonna have borders again. And that is gonna lock in a lot of this new support that is voting for Trump because they think he will be better for them. But then they're gonna see that the party as a whole, that Trump is put together can also be better for them after Trump. And with somebody like JD Vance and even people like Marco Rubio now out there talking about the, the, the Trump record, the Trump policies, it's gonna make a big difference. And I think Hispanics will be, be attracted to that. I think working class Americans will be attracted to that. And with Trump having a government of people for him as opposed to a government of people that were not for him, but then wanted to be part of the government that he created and then undercut him as president time and time again, that's gonna be different this year.


The the people are gonna be put in power that will implement the Trump agenda and be supportive of the Trump agenda. And that's why to all of these former Republican Trump administration people who are now supporting Harris, they didn't support Trump in 2016. They became part of his government after he won, but they were not supporting him in 2016. They did not buy into the Trump policies that Trump was elected on. And so when they didn't follow his direction, he fired him. But the difference is Harris's people and her staff as vice president, you know, 95% of the people who worked for her quit on her.


They didn't get fired. They quit on her. They couldn't take her 'cause she was such a terrible boss. That's the difference. That's what You can expect under Harris. She can't manage people. Trump had the wrong people in office because he didn't have a team in 2017 because he was an outsider coming into Washington. But he's got a team now, and it's a team that believes in what he wants to do and what he's campaigning on. And so what he gets elected on, unlike what Biden and Harris did in 2020, and then did as in as as as president and vice President Trump is gonna implement the policies he's been out there talking about. And he's gonna bring people in who are committed to those policies different than 2017. And I think we have a chance to have a very good two years with that.


A lot of these changes can start to take root. What a disaster. If Trump does win, it'll be for the Democratic party. And the second he won in 2016, that, well the first thing they did was resolve to put, you know, the people who got him there, including you in prison, And, they succeeded. Mike Flynn, they tried to put him in prison. I mean, Roger Stone, I mean they really went and just tried to imprison the opposition. And then they tried to imprison Trump and I think pretty clearly they stole the 2020 election. That's my view. They eliminated free speech, that's theft enough and it didn't work. And then he wins in 2024 after all of that.


What is it like if that happens in the Democratic party? I think the left takes over. Interesting. Yeah. I think who's gonna get gutted here is the centrist in the Democratic Party. Really? Absolutely. Absolutely. I think that the Washington part of the party will be dramatically controlled by the Sanders wing. But I think Sanders, you know, the unspoken story here is the, the guy with a network in the states, in the Democratic party is Bernie Sanders. of course, yes. And. they, they, what you saw happen with Ronald Reagan in 1977 after he lost the nomination to Jerry Ford and Ford lost the presidency to Jimmy Carter.


Reagan's network of people spent three years building in the States, the Reagan organization. Yes. That elected him President because Reagan had foreseen the future issue wise, the, I think the Sanders people are gonna do the same thing in the, if there's a debacle in 19, in, in 2024. But they're gonna be misreading the future in my judgment, on the issues unlike what Reagan did. And so they are, as they take control, they're gonna push the party further and further left To the populist left. The economic left. What do you mean by the left? Well, I think, I think both the populous left and the economic left, I think the, they're gonna be driven by the economic left, but the populist left is gonna be the way they, they sell their message.


So, but like the tranny left the, you know, the weird kind of rich lady left those, the emphasis on the sexual issues on racial division does that, I mean that doesn't seem to have worked. I i that and that's what I call the populous left. Yep. I I think the economic left is where they will frame it because it's more, it acceptable to the disa, the disadvantaged, you know, and you You can make that case to the illegal migrants who maybe ended up getting entrenched here in one way or another.


But, but the left take, so the lesson if they lose to the Democrats will be, we didn't go left enough. Well, I don't know that that's the lesson that they would to them, but that's the opportunity to the left within the party, which is the dominant part of the party. Yeah, Interesting.


There's a lot of chaos out there in the world. And that's why your bed is your sanctuary, a place of peace and rest. And with cozy earth it can be even more peaceful and more restful. Comfort and tranquility are the by words of cozy earth's bamboo sheet set, bamboo sheet set. That sounds strange. Oh, it's not strange. It's great. These sheets remain from a hundred percent premium bamboo derivatives. And they're the softest, most breathable sheets you will ever have. They'll keep you cool all night, And, they get softer with every wash And there are gonna be a lot of washes because these sheets come with a 10 year warranty, 10 years a decade guaranteed. So you're investing not only in comfort, but in quality that lasts for a long, long time. Don't believe it. Go to cozy earth.com/ Tucker and use the code Tucker for a discount up to 40% off your order. Embrace the comfort of cozy Earth made from bamboo. You will feel the difference.


There's gotta be some reckoning though. I mean, they, they did everything they could to stop Trump And. they couldn't stop him. Look, look who's on the horizon. You've got Bernie Sanders still, you got Elizabeth Warren still, you got Amy Kluger still, you got Kevin Newsom still. These are all, they've already, they've sailed to that ship their ships in that direction. Now can they change? Yeah, of course they can change, but the power base in the grassroots that they have to appeal to, to emerge victorious for 2028 is the left And. they are much more hardcore than Republicans are at punishing if, if they're their opposition.


So I will, I don't, I don't think there's any leadership in Washington with Pelosi being gone now that, that that brings, sort of moves towards the center. I think Obama, you know, will be where a lot of them go to. But Obama, I don't, this is his last fight. I, I mean he, if he loses this, I mean, if she loses, he loses and he doesn't wanna spend the rest of his life. You know, refighting that war, he, he's a former president, he's made millions of dollars since he's left. Yeah. You know, it's up to new leadership to take the party over.


And so I don't, I don't see him, you don't even see Michelle Obama out there right now campaigning for Harris. I think she will in the last two weeks. But you know, she hasn't been out there this time. Why, why do You think There's something there? I mean, I don't know what it is, but there's something there. Bobby even hasn't been that aggressively out there, Even those, you know, this was his Cota. I mean, she wasn't necessarily his candidate, but this was his and but my point is, I don't see Obama in the future trying to direct the Democratic party. Pelosi will be gone. Schumer's not a national politician.


He's a, you know, he's a Washington politician. Hakeem Jeffries doesn't have any profile of seriousness. The National de Democrats in Washington are the leftist, the Sanders, the, the, the warrants, people like that. And So if Trump gets the majority in two weeks, will the Democrats, including their army of lawyers just kind of give up? Oh no. And just say you, you won, I think, look, January 6th is their playbook, right? I mean, I I Well it Was last time too. Yeah, Exactly. So do I think that they're just gonna accept the results? As Trump says correctly, Hillary Clinton is still contesting the 2016 election.


They will never give Trump the, the benefit of winning an election no matter how big he wins it. But he's gonna be president in January of 2025 and they're gonna have to deal with that. But they'll make it, it'll be a difficult, you know, transition period. There'll be a lot of protest. I mean the week after between people running to the, their psychiatrist's offices and People, you know, you know, running to the streets to burn things, you know, that's gonna be a mess. But can You think of any legal mechanism they could use to prevent Trump from being seated as president in January? No, No. I mean, they tried to set some of those things up when they were trying to play with electors for this time around and, and rules about the states not having to follow the results of the election.


But no, there's, the system works, our system works and as far as against a cta, if you will, a Democratic cta. And the difference between 2020 and 2024 is you'll have the media defining whatever the grievances are of the losing democratic party as being fair grievances when in fact they're not whatever, I dunno which ones they'll come up with, but they'll come up with stories that are not true. And, but that's what they're good at. Republicans accept results for the most part, which is why Trump's pushback in 2020 was, was so out of character for the world to understand.


Democrats always contest results. I mean, I can't remember a campaign nationally that they didn't contest one one way or another, something whether it was Gore where they lost and, and so it will be a contentious transition period. But I think the difference is if Trump has the results that I think he, he's going to have, he'll be close to our over 300 electoral votes that's hard to turn over for them to fight. You really think So Trump's gonna get 300. Well, I mean there are seven battleground states. Trump's if Trump loses all seven, I think he's, it's something like 2 54.


If he wins all 70, he's at 312. If he wins some combination in between, you know, so, and the only one that where is below two 70 is where she sweeps the, the blue wall. And I don't see her doing that. I mean, we could sweep the blue wall right now we're leading it all three of those dates. And I don't see, Remind us what the blue wall is. Blue wall is Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania. Yeah. And the three Midwestern states she has to win. Why are those democratic seats? I've never understood that at all. Those seem like natural Trump states given the realignment between the parties. Laborers. Laborers got big.


Hold on. How corrupt is labor when every member of a public sector labor union overwhelmingly is for Trump? Like how corrupt are they that they're You mean for Harris, You know, was for the actual, you know, what percentage of the teamsters, what percentage of, oh even know The Grand Kaile, IBEW. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, No, you're right. Well, that's why we're winning those states. Yeah. You know, Trump has made the economic argument to the, the auto workers that Biden Harris administration was the worst administration for them. And she'll be even worse as, as President Harris. And that's why the local members are there. I mean, yesterday in in Pittsburgh, the, the, the steel union for members from Western Pennsylvania endorsed Trump.


Now the man, the senior leadership of the union is for Harris, but the rank and file workers, the, the, the, the, the union bosses in the regions in the States are for Trump And. they endorsed them yesterday in Western Pennsylvania. So, but she has to win all three of those states. She's got a problem with the Muslim vote in, in, in Michigan. And it's, they're major peace of a democratic coalition to carry that state. They're fragmented, they're, there's gonna be a lot of non vote voters in that. And, and Trump is, was endorsed by the largest Muslim Pakistan organization in Michigan last week.


So Yeah, and they're doing that because they know that Trump is somebody who could bring peace to the Middle East. I mean, he almost did that. If he had to handle a second term, he would, we wouldn't have had this war in the Gulf. And at the same time, the Jewish support trump's getting close to 40% of the Jewish support because they know that he protected Israel. And he's, and when he says he's gonna protect them, he means what he says versus what Biden says when he talks to being pro, pro-Israel, but not but anti Netanyahu right now in a war, you can't be both, you have to be pro pro net now and pro-Israel, Trump has credibility in the Israeli community.


He has credibility in the Muslim community. There's nobody in the Democratic party like that. And, and in Michigan, that's a real cross pressure on Harris at, at the base. So the three states that she has to win to be president, she's trailing in all three that will have a long-term impact, I think, on realignment because, you know, Trump also understands that, that the, the leadership may not be formed, the rank and file is, but he makes, if he makes the rank and file's lives better, the leadership has to start to, to open up and be less, less oppressive.


And really when you look at the, the, the public service unions and the private sector unions, the, the, there's a real break now at the gra at the grassroots level. Oh yeah. And, and the public sector unions are gonna have a hard time under Trump because he's going to make changes that are gonna be, that are gonna call government reductions. I hope he extinguishes them, crushes them. We shouldn't have a single public sector union in the United States. The whole idea is grotesque. Well, it's Tax dollars held hostage by, by federal employees or state employees at the, the whole thing's nuts, And.


they pay for their own politicians. Yeah. And they're not union leaders. They're democrats with union positions. They run copy machines and man, some desk at the DMV, I mean, these are not la there's not laborers. These are people's living off the public TI mean it's disgust And living very well off Of it. Very well disgust. Yes. No, that's right. And, and that's why you had people like the teamsters, you head of the teams nationally coming speaking to the rabbi. He's a good man. Sean O'Brien. Yeah. And from Boston And, and you know, Trump didn't require a litmus test support. He said, come and make your case. Yeah. And that resonates with the rank and file people that when you show respect to the union, when the union is just being, is not taking a pro position.


But that's who Trump is. I mean, he recognizes that every day is another day and you build by consensus and dev and, and, and communication, which is why again, the, the, the globalist and the elitist that the state department can't handle a guy because he doesn't read from their playbook. That's fair. And, and he doesn't even look at their playbook because he thinks their playbook is wrong. And frankly, having dealt with a lot of those peak kinds of people over my 40 years in politics, he's right. Yeah. So given Trump's position, the seven battleground states ahead with, you know, within the margin, but still ahead in all of 'em, and given the vibe shift, Elon Musk coming out for Trump, bunch of tech people coming out for Trump, I think most people, if they're honest, think Trump's gonna win.


What if he doesn't win? Well, Republicans accept that result as legitimate. The answer is ultimately yes. I think, I mean, honestly, I don't deal with that scenario now because in my mind we're not gonna lose, I mean, if we lost, how we lost would be relevant. Heck yeah. And I don't believe that if you lose, you don't have a right to to question, but then you, there comes a point when you have to move on, I don't know.


So how we lose would be relevant, but I don't see that happening. A lot of Republicans think that the system is rigged against them. And I understand that, believe me, me, but you do believe me. Oh, do you understand that? But the point is, you, you just can't give up and, and you just have to be better than you were before to to, to succeed the next time. And you can't complain about the past. You have to do something about the future.


One of the things that I'm actually very proud of what Trump has done in the LA this cycle is he doesn't think you should have early voting or, you know, he thinks election day should be election day, but he recognizes that you gotta play by the rules that are the rules today. And, and it's the equivalent, what we've done in the past two election cycles of ignoring early day voting is like in baseball, having a designated banner. But since he's not on the field, you just let him, don't let him, you know, go up to bat. You just, you know, take him out every time he, that spot comes up in the batting order.


That's what we were doing in early voting. We were not participating and, and a lot, and the Democrats were, and it did two things. It energized their people early. It got it, it banked votes before the campaign was over so that we always, 2020, our closing campaign was much stronger than the be, than the campaign in, in around the convention and in September. But so many people had already voted that many of whom would've has possibly changed and voted differently if they had only been one election day is, you know, right now, the reason, one of the things the Trump campaign did very well this time is we were doing a mid-October campaign campaign program in August and September because we knew that early voting was starting in in October.


And so we had to have the electorate's mindset where they normally would be on October 20th there on October 1st. So that means we had to be defining her heavily in the, in September we had to be defining the differences between Trump and her, you know, in August. And we had to be spending the kind of money that was necessary to have the penetration so that by now we're focusing on the last 5%, not on the 50% we need. And we've done that well, and that's why the campaign's closing, where you're starting to see the race tilt publicly towards Trump, the betting markets are tilting that way.


The market, the stock market I think is pricing in, if you look at the kind of companies that are, are going up, they're companies that would deal do well in a deregulating economy under a President Trump. So all of that's happening because our closing campaign was happening in September and now we're getting out to vote because they're ready to vote. We've talked to them And, they're now voting. That's all stuff we gave up on last time. We were running our October campaign last time in October. And by September they made their def, they had defined us, because early voting isn't just who gets to vote, it's how you persuade them to, before they vote And, they were doing their Ste, their October close in September, getting their votes banked.


And we were talking to people that already voted. And by the time we did our closing campaign in October, that's changed this time. Trump has done a masterful job and his campaign leadership has been brilliant at this, at putting the calendar of when people vote into the strategy of how we run the campaign and they've done so. And you know, and as you said, to your point a little while ago, this is a guy that should be, have been dead five or six times as a candidate. Yeah. The least. And he's now heading into the last two weeks as the front runner And cheerfully, and you're doing the same. And I, it does feel like that's part of the key to living a successful, happy life is dealing with reality as you find it and letting go of the past when, you know, you've been in DC since the entire time I was there as a very famous Republican operative working in foreign countries.


And all over the, all over the world was all fine. Then you become Trump's campaign manager for like 20 minutes, and the next thing you know, they're sending you off to prison. You got sent to prison because you worked for Trump. Nobody, Republican or Democrat in DC doubted that for one second period. So I just think that's a fact. It is a fact. It was Andrew Weisman did this because he worked for Trump. How do you let go of that and stay cheerful and forward looking? You don't seem bitter at all. You're, we just had breakfast. You weren't ranting about anything. How do you do, how do you do that? Well, you have to have faith, which I do have family, which I do and believe in yourself, which I do. And, and when you're advising people on all of the contradictions of politics and in the world, you gotta recognize that that affects you too.


And so if people have gotta make adjustments because of contradictions that they see that they don't like, then I felt I needed to as well. And look, I, yeah, but that's a lot easier to describe than to pull off. Well, except it's over. Now for me, I've, I've gone through that crucible and pulling it off was hard. But that's where faith and family came into account. And that was where the strength was. Did you make a decision not to be angry? Yeah. When, Well, when I was in solitary confinement, when I was in solitary confinement, I, you know, the, the biggest part of a crisis, like what I went through, was before you're thrown into the fire.


When you're standing by the fire and the, you're seeing the fire flames, cons grow. Yeah. And, and the fear of being in that fire is overwhelming. Once you're sitting in the fire. You either give up and die, literally in some cases, but certainly figuratively. Or you make adjustments to how to live in the fire. And I made the adjustment that, that I had incredible family, lots of good friends, some people who weren't my friends anymore, but that was fine. That means they weren't really good friends. And, and my faith carried me through. And I decided that when I got through it, when it was over, if I then was gonna be bitter and angry, then that means I'd be reliving the worst parts of it all.


And why would I do that? And, and so I decided I was gonna move on. I, I mean, yeah, my wife said something to me that was very prophetic in the beginning. I mean, I started my career in Washington with nothing. I was being from a blue collar family, I, you know, you know, I really had no money at all. I made a living. I did well. They took it all away from me. My wife was saying it to me in the process, look, we started with nothing. We have. Well, we found each other. We'll still have each other, and that's what counts. And she was right. And that kept, that kept me going.


When we started this show, we were looking for a very specific sponsor. We wanted to find a company that could send us good meat better than anything you could buy in a grocery store that didn't have a lot of weird hormones in it or chemicals, just good meat from the United States. And we found one, and we are proud to partner with them. They're called Merryweather Farms And. they produce all natural beef. And we are proud to be in business with them. We eat it. Our viewers have been buying it and loving it. We've got all kinds of positive reviews. Again, this is a sponsor we're proud to have. So Merriweather Farms that a new product, in addition to the stakes that we have almost Every night here, and the burgers all shipped directly to your house. They have a new line of snacks, including single serve beef sticks, one of which is right here on the table. Unlike store bought bought alternatives, which You can buy at convenience stores, these are made to the United States in Wyoming at their facility. And they're free of nitrates. MSG, mystery meat and other weird stuff you don't want in your mouth. Like all the products that Merriweather Farms makes, they are made fresh, they've got simple ingredients, all of which You can pronounce and recognize. And they're delicious and good for you. If you use our special promo code, TCN 10 at checkout, they're about a buck 50 a piece. It's a perfect on-the-Go protein boost if you need one, or if you've got kids or sports want something to keep in your car or truck, super easy and good for you, checkout Merryweather Farms today, you will taste the difference. It's, again, better than anything You can buy at the grocery store. And it comes right to your house. Go to merriweather farms.com/ Tucker and use the promo code TCN 10 for a discount. That's Merriweather Farms, M-E-R-I-W-E-T-H-E-R farms.com/ Tucker.


I watched you walk through a crowd at the Republican Convention of Milwaukee this summer, and absolutely treated like an old friend and hero by everybody there. And you seemed there was a lightness about you. And I thought, man, if I were Paul Manafort, I would just be enraged. And you didn't seem enraged at all. You seem It was, it was like the family welcomed me home. Yeah. And, and a family who knew that I had given it myself for them And, there was a lot of love in that room. I noticed I saw it. And, and it made me really feel validated that I did the right thing.


Amazing. Well, with that said, I just, I I, I mean this from my heart. I could not admire your attitude more. I really could not hope that I would behave as manfully as you have and as forgivingly as you have that said, the forces that put you in jail, because you are Donald Trump's campaign manager. That's the reason they still exist. And. they still have power. And so if Trump becomes president, what does he do about that? What does he do about Andrew Weissman? I see him on television. I can hardly believe that guy has any credibility. I mean, what Trump will do, Trump will do. But I what I think he'll do, I mean, you remember in 20 16, 1 of the rallying rally's key, you know, campaign slogans was lock her up.


Yeah. Lock her up when he got elected president. You never heard that word once. No, he didn't. And that, that's because that's not who he is. He's not a vengeful man. No. That's for Sure. And, and Could, he could use a little bit of vengefulness sometimes, But he is not. And and he put, contrary to what Harris and Biden has said about him, he put the country first as president and he said that I gotta work with the Democrats. If I try and lock her up, you know, I will destroy my ability to, to be an effective president. And even when they were impeaching him, he was still working with the Democrats on policy stuff. So what will he do as president number 47?


I think he'll do a lot longer than he did as number 45. He will focus on things, an agenda that will make the country better, that make America great again, which is his 'cause he sees this is his legacy term now, and he doesn't want it to be filled with the, the kind of anger and f and and volatility of the first term with all the impeachments and things like that. And so I think he understands getting even is not getting smart. And I will be surprised if he does anything but reach out across the aisle and try and be passed the legislation that will make the country better. What do you do about CIA and DOJ and these institutions which have been Yeah.


Instruments of the Democratic Party's political agenda? Yeah, I think he, he understands government better than he did in 26 to 17. And he knows the dangers that the wrong people in office can be, can cause not just at the top level, but inside the system as well. And so I think there will be blue co blue ribbon kind of commissions to, you know, like Carter did with Stanfield Turner. Yeah. And the CIA and when the CI was coming through all the Iran Contra stuff and things like that, every, or actually, not Iran Contra, but the Watergate stuff where he, he had a commission put together that cleaned up the CIA neutered the CIA, something I thought was bad at the time, but now I realize it was probably good.


Probably pretty good. Yes. And, and I think not just the CIAI think all of the departments and agencies where you have bureaucrats who have got their own agendas, not the American people's agenda, I think they will all be tested. And that's really what he's talking to Elon Musk about. I mean, government, government cutting government is getting rid of not just the fat of government, but getting rid of the poison of government. And, and some of them are not just policies, they're people and or departments I should say. And the departments are defined by the people. And, and I think Trump is looking to reform government, not not reform in a getting rid of anybody who doesn't agree with him, but reform government to put people, make the system work the way the system is supposed to work to protect the American people, not a political party or a political structure.


Are you confident that he's got the right candidates for say, the State Department for CIA director, DOD? Well, I mean the big ones, the, the, I'm not sure who he's planning on putting in all those positions. I don't know that he is yet. I think he knows what he needs now versus what he needed last time. And, and I think there are enough people who have manifested themselves as committed to his Make America great agenda, which is an agenda that is pro-American, not pro-Trump, that he'll be able to find the right people to do that. You don't seem worried that the country's gonna fall into some sort of permanent conflict after November.


There'll be conflict. But I think you can't let yourself be governed by the fear of conflict versus the fear of doing something. Right. And I, I mean, I believe in the, I mean, you know, I hear all these things, but I know Trump, I've known Trump since 1981. Since 81, 19 81. Why? Where'd you meet him in eight one? He was one of our first clients when I started Black Men at Fort and Stone in 1980 after Reagan was elected president. What'd You do for him? Well, he, he, he wanted Roger Stone, my, one of my partners in 1980. Yeah. We handled the northeast for Ronald Reagan and New York. And in the course of running that operation, he got to know Trump.


And Trump was always interested in politics and wanted to have sort of eyes and ears in Washington. He liked Roger. And so he hired us to just be his political eyes and ears in Washington. And he had things we did, but as a result, we got Yeah. Like what? There, there were some there, there, there were legitimate issues that we'd get involved in in government. But, but are you Just gonna Alli right over that? I'm Gonna glide right on that. But, but I've known, I know him, I know what's in his heart. I've seen the way people who work for him really respect him and appreciate him.


I've seen him do things that you never hear about for, for people that work that are, you know, the doorman at one of his hotels or you know, somebody who worked on one of his construction sites or a family of one of his families that worked for him. He's got a big heart. He doesn't have, he's not motivated by vengeance or anger. He's motivated by getting things done. He doesn't start fights. He finishes. 'em doesn't know, so sometimes it stops sooner. But he, he doesn't live a life that's directed at revenge. And he's not the person that the media is trying to define him as. No, no, that's true. And, and so I think the greater good is what's gonna move him in his legacy term.


What, what's the relevance of cryptocurrency in this election, do you think? Oh, the crypto people seem for Trump. Is that meaningful? Well, the re no, what I do know Trump ves, like the crypto world, is part of the future of our eco, of the economic structure of the world. And he sees the, the Biden Harris administration as pushing it offshore into the hands of China and into the hands of, of the darker side of the, of the, of the economy. And his attitude is The best way to influence the proper growth is to bring it onshore, to regulate it properly and let it become an American industry just like Brett, Brett and Woods did to the dollar in the aftermath of World War ii.


And it's, it's simple as that. I mean, that seems like it's gonna happen, doesn't it? Yeah, It does. Well, you said that one of the reasons people are voting for Trump, or one of the issues in which he has the advantage is his stewardship of the rest of the world, of the American Empire, which, you know, has been in a very different place for the last four years. We have, we're on the verge of global conflict under the stewardship of Biden Harris, not an overstatement. If Trump selected, how is he going to prevent World War II from happening? What does he do? Well, first of all, he knows the world leaders and the world leaders know him.


Yep. And, they respect him as a strong leader. Something they don't feel about Biden or Harris. And so they know they can negotiate with him, they can talk with him, but they also know there's a fine point. That there's a real line in the sand to use the Obama line or red lines, this analogy. And for example, in the Gulf, you know, with this mess in the Gulf. Why did that happen? Why is it, why is the Gulf in the kind of alt that's in right now? Because there's no, the, the countries in the Gulf don't trust the United States. That's true. I mean, that's the bottom line.


And Trump understood who the enemy of the Gulf states were, as well as the enemy of the United States. It was one country, it was Iraq. Biden is an apologist for Iran. Harris is an apologist for Iran. They buy into the John Kerry theory of Iran and the Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, the Oman Omanis, none of them buy into Iran as a, as a country of, of, of a leader in the Gulf. What Trump was doing with the Abraham Accords was meant to bring peace to the region.


What he was doing with Iran from day one was meant, meant to defang Iran, impoverish Iran as a political country and allow the people the opportunity to rise up against the, the fascist regime that the mullahs are running there. And, and it was working. I mean, the Abraham Accords, if Trump had been reelected, Saudi would've signed it. Jordan was, you know, was signing it. Israel was bound to it, And they were. And that was moving towards a peaceful resolution and an isolation of, of Iran. When Biden became president, he immediately, you know, reinstituted as best he could.


The, the nuclear deal with the, with Iran, giving them even more than they had and wanted, gave them billions of dollars that they then use to fund terrorist activities around the world and against Israel. And he told, more importantly, the other Gulf states that they can't trust the United States. So what did they, what did the mbss of this world do? What did the, the Emiratis do? They started reaching out to China. They started reaching out to Russia. Why? Because they needed protection against an unreliable United States. And. they didn't wanna be find themselves isolated in some kind of axis of the world against that is, That is literally true.


I mean, the Emirates was attacked by Iranian proxies, and the US was incredibly slow to respond, to protect them. These are small countries that, that's correct. Right. And so this is an area where Trump immediately has credibility as the right leader in the Gulf with everybody. But Iran, I mean, I happen to think that Iran is already measuring what it's gonna be like to be under President Trump. And they're backing off certain things. Right now, And, they right to do that because Trump is gonna come in and reinstitute the Trump policies on Iran. I mean, there were two countries that were enemies of the United States in Trump's eyes that needed to be impoverished in order to then be brought into the world community.


Iran was one of those two, and the other was Russia. And, and he was with Iran. He couldn't muah wouldn't talk to him with Russia. Putin was smart enough to know you talked to Trump. And that's why a dialogue was existing that could grow into some kind of relationship. And for all of these people who accuse Trump of being soft on Putin one, they know that's not true. But two, it's part of a philosophy at, at the State Department and in the Davos world, that if you just ignore your enemy, it's gonna get better.


And Trump attitudes, if you don't engage your enemy or your adversary or your competitor, whatever the case might be, that the, that you're never gonna get better and that things will find a way to get worse. And so that's why he would cross over the DMZ to see Kim Zung on his own without State Department freaking out that he decided waking up that morning that he wanted to do it. I was with Him. I saw that. Yeah, yeah. That, yeah. That, that was a kind of ad hoc trip. Yeah. And, and, but he, but he understood. Let Kim Jong-un look in my eyes, let Putin look in my eyes, let Xi Jinping look in my eyes. I mean, the message she sent to Xi Jinping, that was the most impactful message he sent to China during his whole presidency, was when he was having the state state dinner for Xi Jinping.


And he was sitting right next to Xi Jinping, and he leaned over in the middle of the dinner and said, I just want you to know we just killed Soleimani. If you look at the, the cameras Xi Jinping's face turned white. I mean, here The, president of the United States, before any of the people in that room who were part of his government, US government knew President Trump was letting Xi Jing know, this is how we treat our enemies. And the world got the relationship between China and, and the US under Trump tense at times. But it worked. The relationship worked. They were dealing with issues, you know, they weren't solving everything, but they were dealing with them.


And the same thing was going on with Putin. Same thing was going on with, with Iran, although he wasn't communicating with them directly, but indirectly, he was letting them know that we're gonna impoverish you and we are gonna do everything we can until you become a real, a reliable nation of the world. But more important than that, the way he was treating Iran was giving confidence to the allies in the Gulf that will be your friend and will be there for you. You know, what is, what is, you know, what are the UAE and, and Saudi Arabia want in the future? They're trying to bring their countries into the modern world. They're trying to expand the petrol dollars into improving their, their economies and to, and each of them is doing a different, different way.


But all of it is looking at how do we protect ourselves against our number one enemy, which is Iran, and that's the us What do they want? They want an umbrella of peace. How do they get an umbrella of peace? The Abraham MCC Accord was part of it. The Saudis would like to have a, the kind of commitment from the United States that we gave to Japan after World War ii, where we said that we would, you are under our protection. And that, and not to have a military force there, not to be fighting wars there, but just to be under our protection because that sends sufficient signal to the, it sent it in the, in Southeast Asia, and it'll send it in the Gulf to Iran to not mess with the, the Sunnis.


How, How does he, is he gonna end the war in Ukraine, which doesn't seem to be helping anybody? I think so. I think, I think he understands that you cannot have this war continuum, and I think he will sit down with all sides. And he's got, I mean, he's, I'm not giving you saying anything out of school, but he's going to make them all understand it's in the world's best interest and their best interest to put this war behind. And he's, there's some tools that he can use to make each side come to the table and seriously just negotiate.


But he will personally inject himself into it. He won't give it to a, you know, third party person to do it. He will make this on the front end, his responsibility. And I think he believes that without getting way too complicated, all the parties at the table, the Europeans, the, the Russians, the Ukrainians, all have, have reason to want this thing to end. And there's pieces that can forget the public rhetoric and the public decisions. There are, there are things that can happen that all sides can accept if they know that it's going to be pushed on them by somebody who will enforce it.


Biden's not that person. Blinken doesn't scare a person when he sits down. In fact, they would surprise, he sits at the table as opposed to innocent chair behind the table. He's just not a leader. And, and And. so that presence of a The president hovering over everything, injecting himself into it, plus his relationships with all of those people. I mean, you know, even Zelensky was there when Trump was The president the first time will have a lot more impact. Right now there's nobody running the Ukraine peace process. Nobody, the Europeans don't have the, the vision or the will to take a, a, a, a position against Putin that will force Putin to give into Ukraine.


And, they don't have a strong enough position against Putin that will force Ukraine to give into to. But I Mean, Europe, if you look at Europe, just go to Europe over the last almost three years now, since this war started in February of 2022, Europe has declined in every sense. I mean, it's just a poorer, more chaotic place than it was three years ago. I mean, this is crushing Europe. So I don't understand why there's no European leader who can, particularly in Germany, but not just, and take control and bring this to an end because it's killing their continent. Who's a European leader that has stature Fair.


I mean, and so they're all just enmeshed in their own self survival inside their countries. I mean, Merkel had a sort of more European oriented reputation, but Germany's not the one to lead Europe in a way that's No, it's a disaster. Yeah. And yeah, and there's, and there's nobody else. There's no Thatcher. I mean, there there is no one, there's no even scon who could have, you know, pressed certain things. You know, Schultz is probably on his way out in Germany. McCone is on his way out. You know, the Spanish are, you know, they, you don't even know who's in office these days. Right. You know, the Italians Bologna is emerging.


She's, she's becoming one of the more forceful leaders in, in Europe. But she's doing it gradually. She has not emerged as a pan-European leader. No, she certainly hasn't. But, but she's getting, but she is emerging because she's been willing to do certain things. And then the Eastern Europeans are frozen out by the Western Europeans where you have some of the stronger leaders. So there is nobody to solve the problem. They Even those, it's the European Union. It's really the European disunion because all the countries have their own interest. And, they, they always put their, they use the bureaucracy of the EU to enhance their interest to, to the diminishment of the other members of the European Union at times.


But, so none of them have the stature to lead a united front against Putin or against Zelinsky, depending on what your position is. Do, do you think that they sense that their continent is dying? No. Because they've created this world and so they think it's the right world. Yeah. I mean that's, you go to Davos and you sit around and you realize these got people live in a bubble. Yeah. They have no Idea. No, they have no idea. And but, but the bubble, that is the bubble they created. And, and so like you'd see on the, with the left here in the United States, they think, you know, transgender is the future they think that women or men should be able to participate in, in female sports if they're transgender.


Well, same thing in Europe with, with globalism. They think this is the right way and if just everybody will do what we say, what we say, then they'll be better off. And it's that, that Davos mentality. Yeah. Well, they're a joke to the rest of the world. And I guess they're the always the last ones to know that they are. So you think Trump, what, what would peace terms look like in Ukraine? And I should say for those who don't know, you spent, I don't know, at least 10 years. How, how long did you spend working in about 10 years? 10 years. 10 years working in Ukraine. Almost one of the most powerful outside political figures in u in Ukraine. Deeply knowledgeable about it. You had an office there, not on the pro-Russia side, I should say, but what, given your knowledge of that country and region, what would a settlement, realistic settlement look like?


Well, I mean, I, I think they will, A lot of the pieces may not necessarily be a part of Ukraine. It's what other things that Russia might feel is important to them in Russia or in dealing with certain other parts of the world or, or some of their technology needs or things like that. There are pieces to a game that, that will interest Putin, that it can facilitate getting to Russia sooner than later in a peace process negotiation. Do the Borders of Ukraine change do you think? Well, depends on how you look at Crimea. Ukraine still accepts, says Crimea belongs to Ukraine. Russia says, no, UK Crimea is now part of Russia.


I think Crimea probably stays where they currently are positioned right now, For sure. I don't see that happening. Right. But Zelensky and the Ukrainians say we gotta have UK Ukraine back. But That's the Crimea. But that's, that's just silly. I mean, they're not gonna give up the naval base. Right. I mean that Yeah. I mean, yeah, Putin thinks one of the biggest mistakes in the history of the Soviet Union was when Khrushchev, who was from Ukraine and, and, and in a moment of, of enthusiasm, gave Ukraine independence from Russia, you know, the independence was in the Soviet Union was not really independence. Right.


But it gave them the ability to be considered a country on their own, not a vassal state of the Soviet Union. Putin never accepted that. And so when he became into power, one of the first things he wanted to do was get Ukraine back into Russia where he thought it belonged. As, you know, Kiev was the first capital of Yes. Of Russia. And, and to, and Crimea, which had an important, the military component for, for Russia, where they had their ba their bases and where it was an access to the Black Sea, you know, that was, and it was a very Russian enclave as opposed to Ukrainian, you know, that was the first place he struck when, when, when he had the saw the opportunity under Obama I had.


And so I think that will be, I will be surprised if anything changes on Crimea that's too much of a swallow without Russia losing the war. Yeah. And Do you see that happening? No, I don't, I don't see them winning the war, but I don't see them losing the war. I think that, yeah, there's there economic issues of, of rehabilitation of the country reconstruction, because eastern Ukraine is destroyed both the industry and the, and the whole infrastructure. I I think Eastern Ukraine will be in some capacity still part of Ukraine, whether they have autonomous zones, but as a part of Ukraine versus autonomous zones as autonomous, truly autonomous, you know, that'll be part of the negotiation.


Zelensky can't give up west eastern Ukraine, but Zelensky and the, the center of the Ukrainian universe is Kiev and West, not east of Kiev. And so the destruction allows for some creativity. Destruction of the east will allow some creativity on, on the resolution of how we define the geo structuring of it. I don't think, I don't think they give it up, but there may be some kind of concessions that can be made that will save face for Putin, save territory for Ukraine, and get money into reconstructing that part of the world.


But there's a, there's a way, there's a play there, there is a way to, to get a ceasefire and to get the people talking. And everybody wants that. Just nobody has the leadership do it. Trump is the leader who can do it. And there's the, there's the NATO factor too, which will be relevant to Putin and some kind of commitment that Ukraine, even as part of the European Trade Union Trade Association, would never be, wouldn't be part of nato. I think that's something that's on the table. We did a Live tour last month, one of the funnest things we've ever done, coast to coast, 16 different cities speaking.


Well, next week, our grand finale, Halloween, October 31st, 2024 in Glendale, Arizona, our special guest that night, days before the presidential election, Donald Trump all proceeds donated to hurricane relief. We're proud to do it. Hope to see you there. So for the years that you worked in Ukraine, was Ukraine joining NATO something that most Ukrainians wanted or that Europe wanted?


No, Ukraine, NATO is a political issue. Joining the European Union is an economic issue. Right. And what the Ukrainians cared about was the economic issue. Yes. They, they, they wanted their independence, but there wasn't, they weren't fearful of Russia invading before at that point. And the Russians didn't want NATO on the border of Ukraine. Well, yeah. And so Why did the Biden administration, so if the Ukrainians weren't begging to be in nato and NATO didn't want Ukraine in nato, which I think is all true, correct me if I'm wrong. You're Correct. Then why was the Biden administration, Kamala Harris specifically calling in public for Ukraine to join nato?


Like what would be the point of that? Because of the idiots. Yeah. I mean, you, I can't justify a policy that the Europeans didn't want, the Ukrainians didn't want, and the Russians didn't want, and the US was four. Okay. So then maybe if Putin says, and says out loud and certainly suggests it again and again, if Ukraine joins nato, I will move militarily against Ukraine. Everyone knew that. Even I knew that living a long way from Ukraine and the Biden administration says, no, we want Ukraine and nato and says that to Zelensky in public in early February, 2022. Maybe they wanted Russia to invade Ukraine Or maybe they're just stupid because there was no, I mean, that was the red line.


Yeah. And And there was, and nobody wanted it except for Biden, you know, this macho approach to things and, and, and truly a lack of understanding. It's not like I'm telling you anything that was a secret. This was all publicly known. Yeah, I mean, and, and, And and universally known in Ukraine. Right, right. And, and very few people would've ever suggested that. And that's what caused, well, the Afghanistan debacle. Right. Coupled with the threat of NATO in Ukraine and the lack of respect that Putin had for anybody. A part of the, the foreign policy apparatus of Biden that were part of the Obama government was all that was necessary to light the light, the spark that created the fire.


And, but there was no reason for it. It, it was an unforced era of mag of incredible consequence. Well, yeah. How many people do you think have died in Ukraine? All in, I'm told over a a hundred thousand Ukrainians and over 300,000 Russians. I, I don't know that, but I'm told that, so You were there, you were working in Ukraine in 2014 when Madon happened, we were told by our media that that was just a popular uprising against a Russian aligned government. It was totally organic. Now it looks like it was a coup orchestrated by the CIA, what was it?


And did you know what it was at the time? It was not organic. Okay. It was not organic. So it would be option B then? It was, it was, there were forces that saw an opportunity to unseen in a, a democratically elected president Jankovich who acted in ways that were anti-democratic. Hmm. And where was the Obama administration? What side were they on? They were supporting what was happening? The, the Revolt Volt that was going on in Ukraine. Yeah. Okay. So, so the US State Department was on the side of extinguishing democracy, overthrowing a democratically elected leader.


Effectively. Yes. Yeah. Where did you ever run into Victoria Newland? I did. Yeah. What, what was your, and she was, I, I think living there part-time, overseeing all this, she Was spending a lot of time there during that timeframe. Yes. Yeah. What was your impression of her That she should have been back in Washington? You're very diplomatic. So I, I think the overwhelming evidence points to her role in a coup against the Democratic elected president of that country in a covid you work for. And then she comes back to DC and gets an even better job in the Biden administration. And then she's now retired, making a ton of money.


Yeah. You by contrast, went to prison for, I can't even remember why. That's some fake reason. That doesn't bother you at all. Well, That seems very unfair. Well, It is unfair. Yeah. I mean, and, and not that necessarily she gets rewarded and I get punished, but we shouldn't be meddling in situations that are constitutional republic, that are democratic republics countries that we don't like the outcome of an election. And, and look, Jankovich proved himself, in my judgment, during the term of his presidency, to be committed to Europe.


There were issues he was dealing with that if they had been supported by Brussels to help ease Ukraine's entrance into the European Trade Association agreement, that we wouldn't have the, the mess we have today in Ukraine. If we had respected the will of the people and the will of the government elected by the people and worked with that, that government to bring them into Ukraine as opposed to punish 'em for being the wrong guy to win the election, then there wouldn't have been the environment that Putin took advantage of that cost them Crimea and cost them the destruction in the, in Eastern Ukraine and the billions of dollars that we've spent, you know, in support of the war that could have been spent for much better purposes.


How hard is it for you to sit and listen to these exact same people, the ones who overthrew a democratically elected government in a foreign country with a coup using the ccia A and Georgian snipers, those people telling you that Donald Trump is a quote threat to democracy? They must be kind of hard to watch that. Well, it's why I got back in the s this election to elect him president, because we can't let those people win the elections. That's, I, that's how I believe you fight, you fight in elections and, and, and I believe if you look, I'm a man of faith. I believe that there's divine hand in a lot of stuff. And sometimes we may not understand where it's leading us, but if you think you know what's right, then you follow the course that consistent with that.


And Ukraine, the mess that you, that was created in Ukraine in 2014, we're still paying the price for today. And the, the solution is not to have the same people who caused the problem, stay in power to manage the the issue, but to change it. And by happenstance, there was an interim period between 2016 and 2020 when there was a US president who was strong enough to keep peace in that region. Even those, there was a screw up in 2014 in the Ukraine that was supported by the west of change power. And the opportunity now exists to bring that person back and that focus back and finish cleaning up the mess.


And, and that's what keeps me going. Not what Gloria, what Victoria Newland's reward was for creating the mess, but just helping to fix the mess and clean it up for good. It's just the unfairness level is at all time highs. It unfairness is, we all know is not the way to drive your life. No, that's true. Did you ever run into Hunter Biden in Ukraine? I never did. I heard, I've heard his footsteps around, but I never saw him. You did? What was he doing there? Did you know at the time? Well, Joe Biden was the link between the Obama administration and the Ncoic administration. And, and he, Joe Biden was showing lots of interest in Ukraine.


And, and I actually negotiated with, with hi his people, the, the deir the removal of all nuclear fishing materials in Ukraine as part of the world conference that was trying to collect all the fishes mate, fish, fishing materials from, from the former of Soviet Republics. And, but there was always more interest in Ukraine from some of his people, which I attributed to Hunter, although I didn't know it was actually Hunter, but some of the people who was partners his in doing business in Ukraine.


And I didn't do any business in Ukraine other than politics. I specifically didn't because Ukraine is, it's, it's a corrupt country, not one side or the other. It's a corrupt country. It it has a Soviet mentality. It's getting better, but it's still, it's not good. And so I felt that if I wanted to have the influence to help bring Ukraine into the, into the west, if I wanted to do the kind of policy things that I, that got me involved in Ukraine in the first place that I shouldn't do business Even, those I could have done business. I was about to say, it must have been tempting. You must have the energy deals coming across desk all the time. I can't imagine the kinds of deals and, and big money, fast money.


And I said no to all of that. And because I knew that would undercut me. And the reason that they had trouble when they went after, when Weissman, when Mueller went after me finding something to stick me with is because they kicked over every rock they could in Ukraine, And. they didn't find one single thing. And, and so I thought it was untoward that Hunter's firm was openly soliciting business. And I was being asked, should we do this, should we do that? And my point, not Hunter himself, I did was it was more some of his associates that I, that I was heard of. And I told the Cole, which administration, I said, look, if it makes sense to use them, they're part of a group that is the democratic side.


I'm the Republican side. It'll help your country to have relationships on both sides. But I didn't know what they were doing. I I didn't know about the Barisma thing at the time. I didn't know some of the other activities they were trying to undertake. But I mean, it seems by definition like influence pedaling Right. What they were doing. Well, they had the power, they were the government, the United States. And it's one thing to do business, it's another thing if you've, if you're related to the people with power to be doing business the way they were doing it. Yeah. And the Ukrainians, again, 'cause of the corruption streak in the Ukraine, were first to realize the opportunity Torry Newland announced in a hearing in a senate hearing in response to a question from Mark Rubio a few years ago, that we had a bunch of biolab quote Biolabs in Ukraine apparently been in a while.


Did you ever hear anything about that or know what those were? No, I didn't know anything about that. When you were there, when you were working for Yakovich, how vigorous was US government activity in Ukraine like intel agencies, military cooperation? Well, We expanded military cooperation. Yep. We expanded intelligence operations. They had, the US was given a listening post in parts of Ukraine that they were never given under any previous government. The cooperation level was very high. The moving of allowing us businesses to invest easily into Ukraine was, was wide open.


They weren't, you know, covid which had given the word we want to make the United States a strong partner in. So why'd the US overthrow him and threaten his life? Because of two things. Number one, he was the candidate of Kuchma and the establishment in 2004 when Shanko won the election or purportedly won the election. And then in 2011, after he was elected president, he did something which I vigorously told him he shouldn't do, which was he, he arrested his opponent, the political opponent, Yu a Tim Chenko for corruption when she was prime minister, that even Chenko acknowledged was corruption and, and thought that the indictment was appropriate of, of Tim Chenko.


Well, Tim Chenko was part of the Albright, Merkel Clinton, you know, clique And, they 'cause she was female. Well that was one way to define them. And And, they took great umbr to Jankovich doing that. Even those, he made his case, you know, you know, very factually Wait, so so he made Hillary Clinton mad and that's why he got overthrown? Yeah. Effectively. Well, yes. Effectively, because if he had not done that, if he had not indicted to Shanko, I think, which would've been the right thing not to do, we shouldn't have done it.


Not from a legal standpoint, but from a geopolitical standpoint. And given the history of Jankovich, it was better as Trump did with Hillary Clinton to not lock her up. Jankovich should have just moved on and not locked up to Shanko. How many foreign leaders did Hillary Clinton kill or overthrow because they annoyed her? I don't know that either. I've never tallied that up. But you really think that, that that was the key mistake he made. That's what turned the west against him in the, the west. If Tim Michan against been a man and not friends with Hillary, would it have been different, different outcome? Probably.


Probably. That's scary what you're describing. But So she's part of a girls club, so she can't be arrested for corruption. Well, what I I I mean it wasn't defined that way, but No, but But in fact, But the point, the point is ironically Tim Shanko was the Russian candidate for precedent against jankovich, which is what was the cause of the corruption. Right. And, and yet the west blamed jankovich and accused him of being the Russian candidate. And so, I mean, I'm sure Putin was just laughing in the Kremlin at the Machiavelli in way he was manipulating the west in this little game.


But that was the critical mistake, Eko, which made as president, that affected a series of events that we now are still dealing with today in Ukraine. It sounds like the US government was just so way up into the internal affairs of this country. Like this country had no sovereignty. It doesn't stop. Still Are. Well Of course. Well now do, are you worried that this war, if it continues, could lead to a global conflict or nuclear No war? No. Why? Because I think it's gonna be resolved. I I don't think anybody over there wants a global nuclear war including Putin.


I mean Putin right now is living a good life. I mean, in the sense that his economy is stronger than it's ever been. Paul, Paul Manafort, we destroyed the Russian economy with sanctions, right? I don't know if you've read that. We totally destroyed it. Well, Trump had put the pressure on and Biden undid it all. And I mean, when Trump came became president, he shut down Nord Stream two, which was the pipeline that was going to be the solution for Germany to become partners with the energy sector in Russia. And, and he put sanctions on, on, on some sanctions, economic sanctions for on Putin, for things that he was doing that were causing problems.


And as a result, Putin backed off of everything and was a, an active player, but not an aggressive player. You know, it was a nationalist leader of Russia. It was when Trump left office that Putin became the aggressive leader he was under Obama that led him to taking Crimea under Obama. And with the same cast of players now in charge of U un enforce policy, US foreign policy under Biden Harris, he saw the opportunity to finish the job. And that's what, and when Afghanistan happened and NATO became the, the, the, the crazy thing that Biden said was the basic goal of, of the, for the US policy for Ukraine, that was all he needed.


Those two things, the Afghanistan debacle and, and the NATO threat to justify going back, going into finish the job. It was policy blunder after policy blunder with no forethought of what it might mean. I mean, even the polls were not pressing for Ukraine to be in NATO at that time. And they're the front line after, after Ukraine, you know, in dealing with Russia. And so Biden, his administration was filled with unforced areas in foreign policy. What, You know, Tony Blinken, how would you describe him? Weak. He's a staff guy.


Tony Blinken is a staff guy who in the old, you know, organization book the Peter Principle by Dr. Peter. You rise up to your level of incompetence. Well he's risen to beyond his level of incompetence, as has Jake Sullivan and several of the other people. They seem like midgets. Okay? They seem like midgets. They're Staff, they're staff who now have policymaking. They have no creativity, no strategic thinking. And, and so you get a lot of inconsistent things based on what paper crosses the desk. And then when you have somebody like Biden who was not in his best health in his, during his Jesus president and who when he was in his best health, according to people like Robert Gates never made a foreign positive decision that was right.


It compounded the, the dangers that the blinking of the world could do. And we're seeing the, the world is a mess because of it. It certainly Is. Second to last question, do you, you hear people say that kicking Russia outta swift, the sanctions all accelerated the demise of the US dollar. Do you think that's imminent? No. Why? I mean, first of all, there's no competition to the US dollar. I mean the r and b is less than 1% of foreign trade, you know, and they're the biggest economy in the world. Yeah. Russia is, the economy is, is not at all an impactful, it's the third world economy.


The Euro as a, as a European currency has value. But there are too many leaders of, of the European Union to ever have a consistent foreign policy, economic policy. So there's really no competition. Look what Brix has been, China's been trying to do with the bricks organization in trying to get a, some kind of digital currency that could be a replacement for the dollar in foreign exchange. In foreign trade. It's failing miserably because at the end of the day, nobody wants to hold the weak currencies in their treasury as part of the foreign trade system.


So it's never gonna work. And, and so, and this is what Trump is very smart on. He Trump's saying, okay, crypto world, this is, this is the future economic policy of potentially of the world. Well we need to have the Fort Knox of Bitcoin sitting in the United States not in Beijing. You know? And so what happens when Trump makes that statement on the campaign trail where he says he's gonna have a crypto foreign reserve you in the, in the United States Biden immediately sells off 20% of its bit of the USS Bitcoin that, so it's holding and guess who buys it? China.


And so, but China in bit Biden in attempt to distinguish himself from Trump's form, new economic policy for the US makes China stronger in the process. That's, that's the kind of mentality that we deal with, you know, in this administration. But Trump understands that having crypto regulated, having, having a reserve currency here, you know, will make it become a US based economic structure and therefore like the dollar can become part of the economic power of the US worldwide.


So again, Trump is seeing around the corner ahead of people's vision and is not seen, you know, the blockchain, the blockchain is the most transparent thing you could have, you know, So if you are worrying about money laundering and things like that. There's so many ways to, you know, uncover money laundering in the crypto world. It's gotta be regulated. So things are set up the right way. Trump sees that he doesn't know what the right ways are, but he knows, he knows conceptually making the potential future economic me means of world transactions. A non-US structure is probably not good.


No, probably not good. Probably the end of something big. Okay. My final question. You've run all these campaigns your whole life in the final week, what are the markers, the measurements that the rest of us can look at to determine who's gonna win publicly available information? What would Well the problem is, publicly available information may not be publicly correct by design. So is that true? Okay. So lemme just ask that, to what extent are public polls manipulated to sway public opinion? Well, It's not just public polls being manipulated. It's how they're interpreted. Because what happens is people don't know how to read polls. People know how to read two things.


Who's in first place and who's in second place? So the in a ballot who's winning, that's all they know how to do. And when you have a race that is arguably close and you have one side who may be losing, having all of the means to communicate a different message, it's hard for American people who don't pay attention beyond what they see in morning or night at news of what it means. I have no doubt in my mind that the media until election day will say that Harris is gonna win or is leading or can win. Is it gonna win? I think what will be signs of what's happening, why would they say that?


Do you think? Because by defining things, they're hoping to make it correct. Yeah, and it affects turnout, it affects, you know, for example, it affects motivations. Right now the public data shows Trump winning all seven battleground states. That's, that's an improvement over the last two weeks. Everybody recognizes that the movement is towards Trump, yet you've got the media saying, 'cause they need a hook. That Harris's new campaign strategy of just saying that Trump is unhinged, unstable, and unsafe is going to change the, the, the trajectory and the undecided voters are gonna break for Trump.


Well why would they, why would that happen? There's nothing to say why it would happen other than the media's saying's gonna happen because Harris is saying it. There is no evidence that indicates that that message is working with undecideds. If you look at the data because they're saying what's important to them is their life has gotten worse. They're not better off than four years ago. They think Trump is better on economic policy for them personally. They think Trump is better for them safety wise. They think Trump is better for them to, to secure the border. And they're saying these are the most important issues, but we're gonna vote against Trump 'cause he's unsafe. You know, and, and unhinged, that's a campaign message.


That's not a direction that things are going. The media provides the campaign message for Harris now. So that's why, I mean, what I mean when I say it's gonna be hard to interpret unless the public polling starts to grow, meaning the, the 2% starts to be three and 4% for Trump and in states and the four percent's become five or six. Now interestingly, you didn't see any national polls this weekend. Why? I don't know. Well maybe because the last two weeks the national polls and the state polls were all showing movement to Trump and so therefore they hit a week off and then things start to change again.


Now if you're in the polling business, now is a weird time to take off. I mean There was not one national Poll, it's the Super Bowl. I Mean, I mean I think there'll be some polls they're gonna do polling this week and then if the things are opening up for Trump, the way I think they, they will start to show, they'll have to start tempering their statements a little bit. But you're not gonna be able to tell as if it's the race is close enough that there's not going to be, like with Reagan Carter, there's not gonna be something out there that says it's over. We've got 1984, not 1980 when it were doing Reagan in 1 49 states.


So I think what you'd watch for is incremental changes in the ballot, but it'll be hard because everybody's methodology is different. So you'll have, you know, a race where trumps down one point in replace and up three points in the same place in a different poll. So you're gonna be confused. Are there any polls that you think are consistently more accurate than others? Ours, but they're not public. I, I think most likely what's gonna be important going into the last week is the, the rhetoric of of Harris.


If, if there's no discussion of economic issues then she knows she's lost because that's gonna be the deciding vote on the last. But I think just watching the trend of some of the public polls will give you some sense of things. Paul Manafort, I sure appreciate you taking all this time, Thank you. Thanks for listening to The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson dot com.