
This is so cool. I Thank you. I was just, I was just standing backstage with my wife who never comes to events like this. She's not very political, but she is very strong political feelings, so strong that she doesn't like to hear about politics 'cause it winds her up. And she says, two seconds ago, she goes, and she's a very sweet person from a religion teacher. And she goes, I want to introduce you. And she has that kind of crazed look in her eye. And I said, I don't know if that's a good idea. Why do you wanna introduce me? And she said, because I wanna lead the crowd in a chant. We are not garbage.


And I thought, that's it right there. The abuse that The best people in the country have taken for the past eight years is too much. Your garbage. Really. Listen to who's saying that. Anyway, I'm really grateful to be here. I never thought that I would be speaking at a rally for Donald Trump. This is the fourth time I've done it. And it has felt not only like an honor and a privilege every time, but it has felt really natural. I'm sort of surprised. I was in journalism for 33 years hanging around the, I know someone just said, woo, it's nothing to brag about.


Trust me. I honestly feel like saying I was young and I needed the money. you know, it's almost like when the naughty pictures of you emerged and you're like, ah. you know, that was, that was the old me. But I, you know, I spent my whole life standing at the back watching. And I always thought, ah, politicians, they're, they're disgusting. By the way. I still think that I would never get on stage and endorse one. You'd have to be totally bereft of a soul to do something like that. And here I am with a full throated, utterly sincere endorsement of Donald Trump. How did that happen? And I was thinking of, I was thinking of that this morning in the shower where I do my best thinking.


I like thinking in the shower. 'cause there's no lying to yourself in the shower. Because when you walk out of the shower and you see this kind of furry, lumpy primate in the mirror, there's no imagining your god. No. It's, it's very grounding to see yourself naked at least once a day. I always think I gotta hang a black sheet over that mirror. But I keep it, I keep it just to keep me on the ground and with perspective. Anyways, think about about it this morning. And I was thinking, I've known Donald Trump, gosh, a long time just from working in television and what people forget about Donald Trump, who was often described as a real estate developer, a casino owner, both of which are true. But that for, you know, a huge chunk of his life.


10 years. Anyway, he had the number one show on television. He had mastered the business that I was in. And you know, on the one hand, television is kind of a repulsive business. It's like a p Diddy party Every night. Ew, ew, ew. Yeah, tell me about it. I spent 30 years doing it. But on the other hand, the people who are really, really successful, and Trump was number one in television, all have one thing in common, which is they understand people and the good ones like people. And so And, they likes back, and by the way, you probably know this, but in the TV business, which has spent the last eight years telling you, Trump is a terrifying dictator. He was loved. I mean, everyone loved him. And, and I liked him.


I mean, I liked him from the first time I talked to him 20 years ago. He was hilarious and, and interesting and smart. And again, incredibly funny. And it was almost 10 years ago. It was the winter of 2015. I was in the car. I actually interviewed Trump that morning. I was working on a TV network that shall not be named. And Trump was the guest it And. he was of course this famous star on another network, NBC And. he did great. Like he always did. We had a great time. And about three hours later, I was in the car going somewhere And. he called me And. he said, I just want you to know that I'm thinking of running for president. And I just did not take it seriously at all.


And I said, oh yeah, I'm running for president. Okay. you know, 'cause everyone in TV thinks I should be president. you know, Joe Scarborough wakes up every morning. I should be president, you know, but he is not really gonna run. 'cause You don't wanna give up the salary and it's hard to run for president. It's just a way to sell a book or whatever. So I kind of laughed, And. he said, no, I, I'm gonna surprise you. And it was such a weird conversation that I actually wrote it down in my calendar. I looked it up today, I wrote it down. Donald Trump calls says he's gonna run for president because there was something in his voice that didn't sound like the Trump. I thought I knew there was a resolve there that I thought was amazing. And of course the rest is history.


Almost 10 years later, he has completely transformed the country and the world and the political party under whose banner he ran the Republican party. And for me, it was this in incredible journey of watching this guy covering him, knowing him to where I am now, which is speaking on a stage without any shame at all. Not getting paid for it, doing it because I really, really mean it and endorsing him for president. And so I just wanna explain how I got here because I think it says a lot about who Trump is. So the first thing I noticed about Trump was that everybody in the Republican party, I had suspicions about hated him immediately.


There was something about Donald Trump that whenever he spoke, that the people had always thought were kind of false. The Jonah Goldbergs of the world, the Mitch McConnell's of the world, they no, I mean, boom, boom, boom. And I mean, these were leading figures in the Republican party. My neighbors in Washington, DC who are Republicans, you know, here, Trump comes out of nowhere. He seems to be gaining traction. People who'd never voted Republican, who never voted at all, seemed to like Trump. This seemed like great news if you're trying to expand your political party. And yet the Republicans in Washington were so offended by Trump that they couldn't even talk about him. I remember being at a Christmas party in 2015 with my aforementioned sweet wife at our neighbor's house.


you know, it's all kinds of people sitting around. And someone mentioned Trump. And my wife, who's not political at all, says, I like Trump. I remember one of my neighbors says, oh yeah, I like Trump. That's hilarious. And my wife goes, no, no, I, I do like Trump. Why is that bad? And people, it was like the devil getting splashed with holy water. They just moved back slowly staring at her like, is this person dangerous? That was such a shocking thing to say in northwest DC in 2015. And I began to ask myself, why is Donald Trump so threatening? Is it because he's got some crazed extremist program?


No, everything he said was kind of moderate and sensible. Like, I dunno, we should have a border. And if we're gonna have nato, maybe the country's in NATO should help pay for it. If we're gonna defend Europe, maybe they could, you know, pony up a little bit. Why are we paying the entire bill? That didn't seem crazy to me. Boy, they treated Trump like he was a dangerous freak. Like he just escaped from the state mental institution shackles on his arm and a butcher knife in his hand. Stop this man. And I just remember watching this, I didn't really, I wasn't emotional about it at first. I remember thinking, my neighbors all seem so reasonable and sensible. Even the Democrats, what kind of normal people am I lived on their street?


Why are they so mad about a guy who says stuff like we should have a border? And then I realized that they hated Trump because Trump asked questions they couldn't answer. Like, why are we doing it this way? And I remember thinking and saying, well, I don't know. Why don't you just answer his question? If not having a border is such a good idea, if it's so important to have a tight labor market, or if you think tariffs are so terrible, why don't you just explain why? Why are you yelling at the guy? No matter what he said, he would get up and say, I think we should have tariffs. And. they would say racist. And I would think to myself, what do tariffs have to do with race? I was completely confused.


And then over time, within about a year, I realized people hated Trump because they were guilty of crimes. And those people were my neighbors and coworkers. My mind exploded. I mean, ultimately I had to leave the city where I spent my entire life because thanks to Donald Trump, I saw what it really was, which was a scam. It was the richest city in the United States, its suburbs. Eight out of 10 of the richest suburbs were suburbs of Washington DC and we didn't make anything. There was no business there. There was no production of anything.


By the way. There was also no creativity or open-mindedness. How did these people get so rich? Well, by stealing, that's how that had never occurred to me till Trump came. And yet everybody involved in the grift knew instantly the jig was up. If this guy keeps talking, we're in deep trouble rubble. And I'm not even sure, and he's coming on stage in a minute, and maybe we can ask him. I'm not even sure that when he got to Washington, Donald Trump understood how corrupt the city was. I'm not sure he even knew he sensed there was a problem. Neither he nor mean, nor any normal person.


Any idea that even before he got to the city, the CI and the FBI would be working to destroy him. That's the threat that he posed to them. And what was that threat? Just being honest in a simple way about what he saw telling the truth. They saw the truth as a mortal threat. And, they see the truth as a mortal threat. Now I really think, I mean, look, let's be completely honest. Donald Trump is the choice of American voters for president. That's not wish fulfillment. I'm not saying that because I want it to be true, though I do.


I'm saying that because it's completely obvious. There is no Democrat running for anything who could fill a hall like this, who could do it four times a day for a year. There's not one, there's no Republican in Washington. Could Mitch McConnell fill this hall? I don't think so. Yeah, every boo is deserved. If you only knew how deserved those boos were. One of the things that we learned from Donald Trump, one of the many, many things completely changed my life watching it. One of the many things we learned is that the Republican Party, the leaders of the Republican Party really despised their own voters.


They had zero interest in improving their lives. And we know this because as a hundred thousand a year died of drug overdose, as their towns died from offshoring of industry, as their towns were invaded from people from foreign countries who were here illegally, they did nothing. Their attention was focused abroad to the Middle East and eastern Europe. That's where all the money went. That's where all the prayers went. That's where all the attention went, because that's all they cared about. They didn't care at all about their own voters. And by the way, I didn't really know that.


I think most people in this room sense that, you know, when someone doesn't care about you, You can feel it. You can feel the contempt coming off them in oily waves. That's exactly what that is. It's contempt. Joe Biden's not the only one who thinks your garbage. Actually Mitch McConnell agrees with that. That's a fact. And that's one of the reasons that they don't want Donald Trump back in Washington. But the main reason they don't want Donald Trump back in Washington is something called disclosure. Do you know what disclosure is? Disclosure means sunlight Disclosure is the principle that you as an American citizen, as equity owner of this country, not a renter, not a ser, not a slave, but as a citizen, an owner of this country, a person on whose behalf the government exists.


There's no other reason to have the government except to serve you. That you have a right to know what that government is doing with your money in your name. It's not a privilege that you are granted if they're in a good mood one day. You can know a little bit more about how John F. Kennedy was murdered in 1963. You have an absolute moral right to know because you own it. Yeah. They're your employees who somehow have decided they're your overlords. And they're very concerned that if Donald Trump comes back to Washington, we're gonna find out what's happened to the a hundred billion dollars that we've sent Ukraine over the past two and a half.


What happened to that money hunter? There's never been an audit of it. Where do you think it went? Have you been to McLean recently? Come On, hunter. Yeah, it's not just Hunter Biden, by the way. Hunter Biden, I mean to his great credit, was so high on crack. He couldn't steal half as much as you know your your average contractor in Washington and his friends. So the truth is, actual crimes have taken place, crimes that made people rich, crimes that hurt American citizens. And you are not allowed to know their scale or the details about any of them because it's classified and they're terrified.


If Donald Trump gets back accompanied by a full cast of reformers, not alone this time, not a single man riding into Washington, man against the machine, it's hard to do that. He did it. He fought off two impeachment attempts for daring to do it. But if he comes back with, I don't know, Bobby Kennedy and Elon Musk, when he comes back with an army of people who know exactly what's up, they know what's going on. They know where the bodies are likely to be buried, and they're coming with shovels to dig them up.


What you're seeing now is actual panic and desperation. And I've just, I guess I've kind of backhandedly defended hi defended Hunter Biden on the grounds that he was so out of it. He had no idea what was actually going on. I'll extend the same courtesy to Kamala Harris And that creepy guy who's falling around on the campaign trail. By the way, a OC just said the other day, speaking of which, A OC, that would be Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. I love that.


She's this revolutionary who's named after a conquistador and doesn't even know it. Your last name is Cortez Honey sent this one out. Excuse me, And. he would be like, Larry Mussolini shows up and is like, no, I'm against fascism. Really? All right, got it. What a moron. But she was in a rally in Vegas yesterday and she goes, Doug Emh H is the model of masculinity. Oh man. Yeah. Memo to any unmarried women here, do not date a feminist man.


They'll smack you around. Trust me. It's the weak ones you have to be afraid of. But it's the strong ones they're afraid of because they know that what they've done and have been doing for decades could be exposed. And this is existential for them. So I would just say, without putting too fine a point on it, but every person in this room senses what I'm talking about. Do not underestimate what they're capable of to them. This is not an election. It's much bigger than that. These are people who think they have a moral right to rule and that you were born in the surf class, And there, you will stay. They believe that these same people lecturing us about democracy.


They think it is their right to be in charge, as if anyone in a democracy is a right to be in charge. People serve at the pleasure of the population for the benefit of the population. It's literally that simple. But they don't believe that


warning this product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical. So the story of the last few years is the story of watching institutions you loved and trusted be revealed as totally corrupt and filthy, and it's bewildering. And you never thought it would happen to your beloved nicotine pouch company. But that's exactly what happened to us. The people I thought were my friends at zin, their employees were sending the overwhelming percentage of their donations to Kamala Harris. And before Kamala Harris, it was Joe Biden. And before Joe Biden, it was Hillary Clinton. And I thought, why in the world am I using a product made by people who hate me? That, by the way, is not very good. It's dry like a teabag. I'm a man. That's disgusting. And I thought to myself, I'm gonna create an alternative because there's no way I'm gonna spend another dollar on a product made by people like this. And so we created an alternative and it's called alp and it's delicious. And when you try it, there will be no doubt in your mind that it's much better than anything. These zin corporation, the humorless, Kamala Harris supporting Zi Corporation has ever produced. It's delicious. And it's moist. It's not dry like a teabag, which again, is disgusting and possibly immoral. That's not to say that there isn't some role for Zinn or whatever. I mean, I think, you know, if you're got a girlfriend who's drunk at a Taylor Swift concert, probably throw in a Zi. That's like a time and place thing. It's like appropriate for that. I'm, I'm sure most people at a Taylor Swift concert are using Zen. That's not what this is for. This's, for people who really enjoy nicotine pouches, who aren't ashamed of that, who don't wanna buy products from a company that hates them and their culture, and who have some self-respect, who don't want a teabag or go to Taylor Swift concerts, that's that. I mean, again, we're not judging anyone who does. This is not the product for you. So we are proud to announce that ALP will be available for purchase on our website, alp pouch.com, starting in November and in stores shortly after. In the meantime, You can sign up. Our VP list is@alppouch.com to get exclusive early bird access to our products And, they are great, have one in right now.


In fact, Donald Trump has stood in the face of that group, which includes every power center, not simply in the United States, but in the world almost since the day he called me in the car in the winter of 2015 and said he was dead serious about running And. he has faced them off And. he has endured more punishment graver trials than any politician in the history of this country.


And, he didn't need to. He didn't need to. At any point, he could have said, you know what, I've got a lot of grandchildren, some of whom I enjoy playing golf with. I'm pretty rich, actually, you may have heard that. And I don't need this And. he has pulled forward with energy and cheerfulness From beginning to end. And I would submit, since a OC raised the question of what a real man looks like, let me just tell you my view of what a real man looks like. A real man is a cheerful man.


And he's cheerful because he's brave. Brave people have hope because they have a mission and they're strong inside And. they know because they're living for something greater than themselves. That even if they die, they don't die. The mission lives on. And that's what gives them heart and cheerfulness. They are not morose. They are not self-pitying. They are bright, bright-eyed, cheerful, energetic, and in command. and that is exactly what Trump has proven to be including on the day he was shot in the face. And I know because I talked to him that night, And, he made a joke about it.


And I sometimes think it, I'm a pretty tough guy. I've been fired by all these cable networks. It's really hard to be fired by a cable network. I've really been through it. Thank me for my service later. It's absurd. All of us are the heroes of our own drama. of course. No matter what it is, you teach middle school social studies. I'm sure you come home and think, man, I fought a battle today. You run some stupid cable TV show and you're like, I'm tough as hell. Try getting shot in the face at a rally and then pushing off the secret service and standing up with your fist in the air.


Try that. That was the most revealing moment I have ever seen in the life. Not just of any politician, but of any person I have known personally. Someone I actually know. and that's the moment that little boys dream about that. That that's, I mean, every little boy, because men do not become men organically. They have to prove that they're men. And every little boy dreams about some worse scenario. Everyone's dead but me. And I'm charging the machine gun nest because I'm the bravest man. Would you, would you be the bravest man?


Or would you be in fetal position calling out your mom's name? I don't know. We don't know. You haven't been put in that position. I haven't either. Donald Trump just was on camera. It was so unbelievable that Democrats on M-S-N-B-C and the internet immediately accused him of faking it on the grounds that nobody could be that brave. And it's true. That's not a kind of Doug Emh thing to do. Kind of hard to imagine the second gentleman standing up and being like, fight, fight, fight. you know, or Tim Walls. But the truth is, masculinity is still an indispensable thing.


I'm sorry. It is. Even in an age of Uber eats and air conditioning, no one's gonna have to slay a mast on with a spear. But you still need a brave man in charge. 'cause it's a rough world and unexpected things happen. And as my friend Mike Tyson said famously, everybody got a plan until it gets hit in the face. So what's your plan when you get shot in the face? You don't have a plan. You act purely on instincts. And that's when we find out if you're a leader or not. And that's what we learned. And we're learning it still. We're learning it still. Because even if you or me have been able to pull that off, you think that's the end?


You think that's the last time they're gonna try to do that to you? Are you joking? No. Probably not. You think even if you manage to get the most votes, You can get elected. If you get elected, what's gonna be like to govern? It is an unending struggle every single day to represent the people you've promised to represent the people who otherwise have no representation. None. Because trust me, outside of Donald Trump, very few people in Washington care about you. And I mean that because you're not Ukrainian. But he does care. And because he cares. Because at this point, I don't care if you're a New York Times correspondent, and if there aren't any in this room, let me raise my middle finger in your face.


and that is heartfelt. I mean that that's not just some talking point I'm throwing out there to make you feel good. My hostility toward legacy media is earned. I know them. They're worse than you think. But that's not just a talking point that is real. Someone who is willing to do that on your behalf is not only the man you need, he's the only man who can represent you. Because that's what it's gonna take. You're gonna have to stare down the barrel of the hate aimed at you.


Not just from assorted people on the internet, but from the most powerful people on the planet. And you're gonna have to stand up as straight and say onward with a smile on your face every day. And he's the only person I have ever met in my entire 55 years on this planet. Who can do that? So with that, let me get my handheld mic to introduce the former and next President Thank.


you, Mr. President. Well, Thank you. Thank you. So I I, I've been thinking this for the past eight years and I think it, I've thought it more frequently this year. What motivates you to keep going? Who the hell knows? I don't know. I just want to be, I just want to be with people like this. There's so much love in this room. So much love. Right? It's pretty easy. I, I could have a lot of different, I have a lot of alternatives. I could be in a beautiful beach with the waves hitting me in the face and all that boring stuff.


And I've been there and you get very bored pretty easily. I have one thing in mind. It's called Make America Great again. That's all I think about. Amen. But was there ever a moment, I mean, I don't wanna go through the litany, but I was thinking about it today. 'cause we've all, every person in this room has followed this so carefully. But if you make a list of all the attacks, some of which are just mind boggling in their viciousness and unfairness culminating with being shot, was there ever a moment where you just thought, you know, come on, this is too much. You like not to think about that, honestly.


And And, there are moments when you don't feel so good about things, but you try not to do that. You try not to. I always like to look forward. I don't like to look so much in the present. I don't like to look in the past so much other than you have to learn from the past. It's history. You have to learn. Otherwise you're a very foolish person. But I like to look forward. I like to think of the positive. I think you have to have a sort of the positive, the power, positive thinking in a way. And, and I don't know, it's just a mission that I'm on. It's, I felt we did, we did great in the first election, 2016, we did much better in the second election. Bad things happened. Bad, bad, bad things happened.


And had I not done well in the second, I would've said, all right, that's it. Because you know, you wouldn't have done well. But I knew how well we did. And now she said, you're right about that. But no, but I, if I didn't do, you know, we get millions and millions more votes in the second election, which rarely happens to a president. Usually they get less, almost all the time. They get less. Obama got less. Brock, Hussein, Obama, he got a lot less. And had we not, no. Had we not done well, but I knew how well we did. And I said, well, let's see how they do. And I waited and I waited around for a year and I looked at these people and Biden was grossly incompetent.


I saw that his vice president wasn't even a discussion. She came in last, she was the first one to get out of the Democrat primary. She was, I guess number 22. I think there were 22 people. And she was the last, she was the last, or first out, if you wanna look at it that way. She never got to Iowa. But I was watching. And if they could do well, I would've been very happy actually. I would've been very satisfied. But they were grossly incompetent. And when I watched what they were doing and how they were destroying this country at the border, I mean, millions and millions of people, I'm sure we have some in here tonight with us. you know, murderers and drug dealers, prisoners, you know, they have prisons from prisons from all over the world are being emptied out into our country all over the world.


The Congo and Africa, not just South America, you know this. They're opening up their prisons and they're bringing 'em into our country. Anyway, so I watched other things too. I watched, I mean Afghanistan, you take a look at Afghanistan. What happened with Afghanistan? How bad that was. We, I wanted to get out, we were getting out, we were gonna keep Bagram, but we were getting out with dignity and strength. We were strong. And the way they got out, they took the soldiers out first. No, you take the soldiers out last. Anybody would know that. And you watch all of the things that happened. And I said, we're gonna do this thing. We're gonna do it again. And we're doing well. I mean, now we're gonna know in four days.


But we're doing very well. I think we're leading by a lot. And if we can keep them, if we can keep that cheating down because there are a bunch of cheats, if we can keep that cheating down, we're gonna have a tremendous victory, I think. I think it'll be down. I think it'll go down as one of the greatest victories of all time. So we're gonna have some, we're gonna have an exciting time. We're gonna have an exciting time. So you were in New Mexico the other day. New Mexico's considered a pretty, pretty blue state. Yeah. What were you doing there? Well, they're also a border state. They have people pouring in by the tens of thousands. And they're being decimated.


They're being hurt very badly. They also have a pretty rotten economy for a lot of reasons. But what they really have is tremendous inflation. But beyond that, 'cause I happen to think that the border is the single biggest issue. I think the border is a bigger issue than inflation. Inflation is destroying. And it's a country buster. you know, inflation, it's broken up. Many countries, including Germany from many years ago, lots of you look at where there was big, big inf. This was the biggest inflation and the worst inflation we've ever had. They say in 48 years, they don't include a lot of things. It was the worst inflation we've ever had. Inflation is a country buster. So I'm not trying to minimize that.


But I think the biggest problem, and the, the worst thing that's happened to this country is allowing millions of people in here that are crim criminal people. Look, when you empty out your prisons and you put 'em into the United States, a lot of bad things happen. And they're coming in totally unvetted, totally unchecked. They're pouring in. Venezuela has allowed thousands and thousands of the roughest prisoners in the world to come in. you know, their crime weight, their crime rate is way down. I think like 70%, 72%. They've taken from Caracas and the cities in Venezuela where they have the problem, they've taken the street gangs and they've delivered them into the United States Thank.


you very much, they've taken their criminals, they've taken their drug dealers and drug lords. They've taken them out of Caracas And, they brought 'em into the United States. And it is a disgrace. And we are gonna have to do a very large deportation because you can't, you can't live like that. You can't, it cannot be sustained Tucker. It cannot be sustained. I think you know that better than anybody. So I want, I, I do know, I I, I think it's the gravest crime ever committed against the United States ever by any country We committed, our leaders committed against us. But it does raise the question of motive. It, it hasn't helped the labor market any, it hasn't helped Americans at all.


The de I mean, you've heard a democratic senators stood up and said, the United States military should take these people. We should give them guns. New York City has given them guns in the police department. Like you wonder like what is going on here? So it's the hardest thing, you know, in business. And you like to lo go and where you started from, you sort of like to understand where the other side's coming from. So here you're looking at something, why do they want men in women's sports? And you know, I've been doing this. Now I used to say, I was very proud to say I wasn't a politician. But I guess after a while, you're sort of a politician. But I think you, You qualify. Yeah. And you know, so I mean, I hate to say it, but you like to know where the other side's coming from.


And, and I'll say, why do they want to have men? And they're so emphatic about it. Men playing in women's sports. You see what's happening in volleyball, what's happening in swimming, what's happening in weightlifting? How about weightlifting? Where records that stood for 18 years, you know, are being broken like by hundreds of pounds. A whole thing is crazy. And you say, why do they want to have transition? I call 'em transition operations by the thousands. If you just say, well, I'm thinking about it. They throw you onto an operating table and you say, why do they want to have that? Who wants that?


Who wants to have open borders? Which are, they're all the same thing. They don't make any sense. you know, we're the party of common sense, right? Because I think we're really the party of common sense. And, and they're only, they can only be a couple of reasons. Number one, they're stupid. Well, they're not stupid because you can't be stupid. No, but you can't be stupid and be that good at cheating on elections. Okay? 'cause they're great at that. So they could be stupid. They could also hate our country. They could hate our country. They may, they may hate our country. They may not even know it. you know, they may, a lot of people don't know it. But they, and the other thing is, they want to cheat on elections by signing these people up.


And, they are trying to sign people up. They're trying to sign people up that don't even know what country they're in. Okay? So that's the other thing. So it's one of those three things nobody really knows, but you'd say, okay, so I've been doing this for a while. I've never had anybody, I've had people come up and say, gee, it would be great if you could get the taxes down. Gee, it would be great if you could do this. It would be hundreds of things. Nobody's ever come up to me and said, it's really important to me that we allow men to play in women's sports. Nobody. Nobody. And yet it's such a big deal. It's such a big deal. What? So you think the point may be just to destroy, just to break the country.


It could be they hate our country. I mean, they may hate our country. And we deal with real scum. I mean like a guy like Adam, Adam, Schiffy chef, he's a sleazebag. And. He's probably going to be a senator if You can believe it. But I call him watermelon head. He has the, no, he's unattractive. Both inside and out. That is no, but this is a really bad guy. This is a dishonest guy, not a dumb guy at all. He's got the smallest neck I've ever seen on a human being. It sure he will never be a football player. I can tell you. But he's a smart guy.


But he's a, he's just a sleaze bag. you know, there's nothing else he can, I'll give you. Should I give you a little example? I hope You will. I'm really enjoying this a lot. This gentleman happens to like my son Don. I think a lot. 'cause he likes you. Now maybe you don't, but he likes you. I have a son, Don, who's a good guy. He's a good guy. He's a wild man. Little wild. I would say He's a little wild in A, in a good way, But in a good way. He's a very good kid. And I read about like all of a sudden he's involved with Russia, Russia, Russia. I said, but I know him so well. He is my boy. I know exactly. He knows less about Russia than the cameraman that's sitting right there who's never been, Don doesn't know anything about Russia.


But one day about, you know, two years, three years before they met, a whole group of people met with a Russian lawyer having to do with these Novitsky act or something, having to do with child adoption, adoption. Crazy. But she was a Russian. Now everybody in Congress knew this woman. But anyway, they go after 'em. Now think of this, Russia. Russia, Russia was a major hoax, okay? It's now been a judge to be a total major hoax. We had the Mueller Commission, we had everybody. It's all a, it was a hoax. It was made up to justify why Hillary Clinton lost the election, which he wasn't supposed to lose. It was a, it was a totally, and it was made up by Schiff and Hillary and some other sleep, just total sze balls.


And what happened is the fake news media, which is back there, you do know that they're always around someplace. But what happened is the fake news media, what they said is, it started with a simple move. How did you lose the election? It was Russia. And I'm saying to myself, wait a minute, I won this election. What the hell did Russia have to do with it? And then it went, and it was only supposed to be a one day deal by the Democrats. In other words, it was gonna, but the press picked it up. And, they liked it. They like, Ooh Russia, that sounds good. You covered it better than you were funny.


He'd go, rush, rush, rush. You'd go crazy. But it drove you crazy, didn't it? Because you knew it was such A hoax. It was so insane. And all these people I knew it was Believed it. It was such a hoax. They actually tried starting it up about two months ago. Did you see it flopped this time The press just couldn't get away with it. I'll tell you about our lawsuit having to do with the Pulitzer. you know, we, we brought a lawsuit against because they said the New York Times, Washington Post, they got the Pulitzer Prize for, for accurate and beautiful reporting on the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax, you know, the whole thing. And I sued them and it's doing very well. By the way. I want the reporters to give back their awards because they were wrong.


There were plenty of guys that were right, like you and Sean And. there were plenty of guys that were right. But so I said so. But here's the thing. So we shifty shift. See that's the weave. See we start, you know about the weave, right? Start as long as you come back to the right location. So what happens? You understand that? Yeah. Somebody said, does he ramble? I said, I don't ramble, I do the weave. I covered many, many subjects. And you always come back to the right. That's genius. There's a difference between rambling and genius.


For 35 years, Liberty Safe has been the number one manufacturer of safes made in this country. American made from start to finish. They make high quality gun safes. I've got one vault doors, home, safes, handgun, vaults, whatever you need to protect the things you value. And again, I can tell you from personal experience, these guys know what they're doing. I use Liberty Safes for the things that I don't want stolen. The things that really matter. My father shotguns the documents that I've gotta have. And a lot more. I'm not gonna tell you what else, but you need one. Prime rates are way up. And if you have anything you would like to protect, that you need to protect Liberty Safes is the way to do it. Now, Liberty Safe has over 350 dealers nationwide who specialize in delivery and installation and answering any questions you have. If you've got somebody to protect, they've got a way to protect it. Visit liberty safe.com, pick out what you need and be sure to use the code tucker at checkout to let them know that we sent you, they'll take care of the rest. Liberty Safe is a product we fervently believe in. With liberty Safe, you are always protected.


Okay, so now getting back to the point. But, so I have a son, Don, a good guy. Notice nothing about Russia that has zero And. they went through millions of phone calls. There was a one call to Russia, et cetera, et cetera. So shifty Schiff, Adam Schiff, a real sleaze bag. He's at an intelligence meeting. And, he is not supposed to be talking, but wherever He goes, the press is out there standing. 'cause you know he is provocative or whatever the hell or because they figure they'll get something bad on me, which is probably much more accurate. So Schiff comes out. Now think of this, how bad a person you have to be. I have a son and I love my son. I love all my children.


You love your children. I mean there are a couple of people that who doesn't love their children. There'll be about 20 people out there. But I have a son and I love my son And. he is a good boy. He's a good guy. you know Eric, you know Baron, you know I love my kids. I have good kids, but I love my son. And Schiff goes out. Now think of this, it was him and Crooked, Hillary and some other people. They conceived of this hoax. So they know it's a hoax. They know it's not real because it's a made up story that they conceived. And you know, they spied of my campaign, all this stuff. But they conceived of the story.


So he knows the story is false. And yet he leaves an intelligence meeting, goes to the press, which is waiting outside a lot of press. And. he says something to the effect, Donald Trump, Jr. The son of The, president of the United States will be going to jail. He will spend many years in prison for what he's done to our nation. And think of how bad you have to be. He just said that an innocent kid is gonna go to prison on a story that's a cocked story.


It's a made up story. And. he said, my son, president's son is gonna spend many years in prison. I called my son, I said, Hey Don, how's everything? Are you okay with this? He said, dad, I don't know what they're talking about. He was And, he was man said, he said, I don't know what they're talking, I didn't wanna get into it too much. 'cause I didn't wanna make him nervous. And I said, well You don't know anything about Russia. He said, dad, I don't know any, I have nothing. I don't know what they're talking about. So think of this, it turned out the Mueller report. And I tell you, it was an amazing thing that happened because I had 18 radical left lunatics.


And I had Mueller who didn't know where the hell he was. Okay, you saw that in the hearings. But think of this, I had no chance it was a stat court, but I had an angel in that court. I had somebody that wouldn't allow them to do what some of the sleazebags that you know and you know who they are. Somebody on that court, and I think I know the person, high quality person and would not allow them to do what they would've loved to have done is convict Even. those, you're totally innocent. You didn't even know what the hell. So we were exonerated fully. There was no hoax, there was no anything. We were exonerated fully. But, but just think of it.


Just think. And the Mueller report came out and it was a complete exoneration. But he's a guy that made up a story that tried to put my son in prison for years. And. he knew the story was false. They made it up. How bad a person do you have to be? And I heard the son of The, president of the United, States is going to jail and he'll be there for many years on a story. Now how would you feel if you had the kid? I mean, you're a young kid and you're hearing this crap, just think of it. But how bad do you have to be? So, you know, it's fake because he made it up.


And you know, he's a storyteller too. you know, he writes little bullshit stories, you know that, right? But I just think they're really, we have some, and you know, I talk about the enemy from within And. they do have, they're the greatest con people in the world. Oh, they talk about how dare that's a threat to democracy. They're always, they're the threat to democracy. you know, the amazing thing, the amazing thing is where they say he wants to become elected And. he wants to put people in jail. How terrible they want. That's what they've been trying to do to me for four years. And I, I should say that your son Don had five small children when I, can you imagine threatening a man with five kids with prison for a crime he didn't commit.


So you said that you were saved in the end by an angel. How have your views about God changed in the last eight years and particularly after getting shot? Well, look, I've always been a believer, but I wouldn't say, you know, there's a certain pastor Robert Jeffers, and I didn't know a name is Robert Jeffers, nice guy from Texas And. he said, you know, Trump may not be The best Christian of all, but he's the only one gonna take us to the Promised land because he's The best leader and he's the toughest guy and he's gonna be able to get us through this crazy life. And, he was a big supporter.


And now I have unbelievable evangelical and Christian support because I have, I mean I've done a great job for them. And we're, you know, we're we're together. But he said he may not know the Bible quite as well as other people are supposed to. But you know, he also did something. They picked Ronald Reagan over Jimmy Carter a long time ago. you know, that to sort of, that was, they said he wasn't quite as religious, but he's the guy that's gonna get the job done. And I really got, I did a great job with a lot of things having to do with saving religion because these people wanna put religion out of business. These people are, you know, they go crazy when I say the enemy from within. And I said, look, we have China, we have Russia, we have Kim Jong-Un of North Korea.


We have a lot of people out there. But if you have a smart president, I had a great relationship with President Xi until the China virus came in and that was a bridge too far. But we'll have a very good relationship and there's reasons for them to wanna like us. There's big reasons. But if you have a smart president who want that kind of smart meaning with people, if you have a smart president, somebody that knows what's happening, you're gonna be fine. But you know, we do have an enemy from within. We have some very bad people. And those people are also very dangerous. They would like to take down our country. They'd like to have our country be a nice communist country or a fascist in any way they can. And we have to be careful of that.


But they're the greatest con artist in the world because as soon as I said an enemy from within, they said, oh, he wants an oh, he sang an enemy from within. These are sick puppies. I'm telling you. Well, I mean, I gotta say just objectively, I noticed that the second you left and Biden came in, we didn't have any more Antifa riots. Which makes me wonder if like, how is Antifa not the militia of the Democratic party? Yeah, but you do have, you did have a lot of riots and you have a lot of, you have a lot of people being hurt in a different way. You have a lot of, you have a lot of people being hurt very, very badly.


We stopped, you know, we had a period of time where they wanted to tear down statues. Yeah. And you know, they thought the statue of Abraham Lincoln should be ripped down immediately and a couple of others. And we stopped them. I signed an old bill that was old and dusty. It was like of 1910, the United Statues Act of like 1910. It said that if you tear down a statue, even get near it, if you don't want it, if up to The president, you go to jail for 10 years. And when they started getting a little bit frisky, I took that old dusty statue hadn't been used in a long time. We took it out And. they were getting a little wild do You, remember that period of time.


And I said, I had a little news conference and I said, anybody that touches a statue, they were gonna rip down Andrew Johnson. They were gonna rip down Andrew Jackson. And this, the rope was already on them. And I mean, I saw what was going on and I signed that thing and I had a news conference. I said, anybody that touches a statue, if you touch the statue, you go into jail for 10 years with no parole, no early, no early getting out. And I looked, 'cause there was a little discord in Washington. I looked at those people from the back and I saw those people, I saw about 1000 asses.


They were facing me as they headed, as they headed out of town. They were heading out of town. And we never heard from 'em again. Until recently. Until recently when you had, about two months ago, you had some horrible riots in Washington DC where they took spray paint And, they sprayed the limestone lions And, they burned the American flags badly. And you know, I'd like to see anybody that burns the American flag one year in jail. I really believe that You mentioned the enemy within, it's pretty clear, it's not clear. It's a fact that the CIA and the FBI, which are absolutely not allowed by law to have any influence in American politics.


'cause that's the end of democracy. Both of them and a bunch of other Intel agencies worked against you on behalf of the Democratic Party from the minute you got elected in 2016. And they're still doing it. They're working against you now. What will you do about that? So one thing I've learned in Washington, it's all people. You gotta get the right people. So when I got elected, I was only according to the fake news in which I think in this case it wasn't fake. They said, I was here 17 times during the course of my life and I never stayed over. So I wasn't a Washington person, I was a New York person. I knew New York, but I didn't know Washington. And all of a sudden I'm The president of the United States, I'm saying.


And I didn't, I didn't know anybody. I said, hello, anybody does anybody who would like to have dinner or something. But so I had to rely on rhinos and, and good people too. Even some good rhinos. There aren't too many of 'em. They're, they're sort of a dying breed right now, I would say actually. But I had to rely on people that I didn't know to give me information. And I won't use any specifics, but I had some people in government with me and I realized, and you know, they, they have pretty much different philosophies than I would have or than you would have. And for the most part, we had great people. I mean, we had great trade people. I had great military people. I had the real military, not the mils. you know, the, the stupid people.


Some of these people, by the way, every one of those people having to do with Afghanistan should be fired immediately. Every general should be fired immediately. you know, Biden doesn't fire anybody. That's why he never has books written about. Well, two reasons. Number one, nobody cares about him. It's not like, oh, let's write a book about Biden. Nobody cares. But the other thing is that he never, I don't think, has he fired anybody? I don't think he's fired. I fired a lot of people. I didn't like people. I fired him. And then you immediately get called by the New York Times or somebody. 'cause they're very, I mean they truly are the enemy of the people. They're the enemy of the people. Those people right there for, not all of them, but about 91%.


They're the enemy of the people. So they'll say, oh, he got fired. Therefore he, and the interesting thing about firing people, You can fire them really nice. Like even take, I've taken months, nice and easy have lunch. B, let's think about it, B ba, b ba, ba. In the end they get fired and then they wake up the next morning and that son of a bitch fired me. Right? Or You can do like I did on the Apprentice, you are fired. Get the hell outta here. Doesn't matter when you fire somebody, you fire somebody. I've learned after years, you might as well just fire 'em. Then I do another thing I say, and I wouldn't do that again.


I, because I, I'm a nice person, I don't want to hurt somebody. I say, gimme a letter. you know what that means? Gimme a letter. I said, look, it's not working out. You're not the guy for me. Gimme a letter of resignations. I say gimme a letter. Everyone knows what that means. So a guy will write a letter dear, and then he'll say he quit. And that's okay. That's what I'm, you know, the problem is when that happens with me, it's always a big story. So and so quits. Virtually every person that gave me a letter, I said, give me a letter. Virtually every person that quit, they only quit because I said, essentially you're fired. Get the hell outta here. But I wanna be nice because I'm not looking to fire somebody publicly.


I wouldn't do that anymore. I'm just gonna say, if somebody doesn't work out, and no matter how good you are, you always have people that don't work out. It's interesting, sometimes people you think they're okay, maybe not so great, they turn out to be great. And sometimes you say, this guy is going to be phenomenal. And, he turns out to be a stiff. But I had some, I had some people that were, you know, like, like a guy like John Bolton. A friend of mine calls me after I put him on. He said, don't hire that guy. He's no good. He's bad news. He is dumb as a rock and all that stuff. I said, it's a problem. But I like him for a different reason. He's the one that got Bush, him and Cheney and a couple of other of these lunatics.


They got them to go into the Middle East and to create war in the Middle East to spend $9 trillion. Remember I used to say, don't go into Iraq, but if you do go in, keep the oil. Well, they went in, but they didn't keep the oil, they didn't keep anything. you know, Iraq is a massive oil country. They have $400 billion right now. But I said don't go in. But if, but I said it as a civilian. So people cared because I get, for whatever reason, I get a disproportionate amount of publicity. And some days some he's gonna explain to me why, you know, will you explain that to me? So even as a civilian, sort of before I ran, I, but I'd be very much in, you know, involved with things and statements that call and ask, but I said, don't go in.


They went in. It was such a bad decision. So Bolton, see again, you get back Bolton a real dope. But I thought he'd be great because he was so stupid. He was like a boiler every time. If, if somebody shot down a little tiny, crappy drone that cost about $15 he'd want to go to war with Russia. I said, no, I think we, he was great for me though, for a period of time because he was a nut job. And everybody, I could see his face get red, red, red with that stupid white mustache and he'd be ready to explode. And this was good for me.


I went to Kim Jong-UN in North Korea. I took this moron with me. And. he never said anything. But when Kim Jong-un saw him, he said, oh shit, I think the guy wants to go to war. So he was great for me to negotiate with. The same thing with Russia. you know, when Putin saw him, I'd be very nice. I'd say, hi Vladimir, how you doing? And then Polton said, you know, two rows back. And it'd see that moron. And I'd say, holy shit, this guy wants to go to war with me. And I got a lot of what I wanted. you know, we killed, as you know, the Nord Stream two, I killed Nord Stream two. That's the other thing. That's great. Their, their, their PR sense, their political sense.


It's very interesting. They love to say that. I was a friend of Russia. I worked for Russia. I was a Russian spy. These people are sick. The biggest job Russia ever had is Nord Stream two. This is the biggest pipeline like in the world. Goes from Russia to Germany and all over Europe. I killed it. Nobody would kill it but me. I stopped it. The thing was half built dead. Then there's obviously, look in all fairness to Biden, he was dumb 35 years ago. He was a dumb guy. True, it's true.


But he comes in And, he approves it, but he stops the keystone pipeline, which really we need. That's our pipeline. But think of it. Wrong country. Yeah, think But think of it. It's rough. It's rough stuff. He stopped. I said, wait a minute, it's supposed to be the other way. Let Keystone go, but stop the Russian pipeline. And I went to the comp, like Germany and the different countries, but mostly Germany and say, so let's get this straight. We're helping you and guarding you from Russia, but you're paying Russia billions of dollars a month for oil. How's that working? That's not working nude. I mean the whole concept. Anyway, I stopped at, and then I keep reading stories that, oh, I was a puppet for Russia.


Putin actually said to me, if you are a puppet now, I'd hate to see if you were angry because this was the biggest economic job. This was the most important thing that they probably had ever done. And I stopped it. It's all about the people. Tucker, if you have the right people, it goes beautifully. It's like in my real estate business, if I have a good building here and have a good superintendent of the building, and that guy's doing a great job and I've done it over the years with my father would have a building and another building and you'd have a great superhero and a lousy super there. The one here, the building, everything was perfect over here. Everything was crappy that we had the, so now I'd say, let's take this super move over here.


It worked beautifully for there, but not for there. Because now all of a sudden that one doesn't. It's all about the people. You gotta put the people in. And if I have any complaint about myself and I, I don't really blame myself. 'cause in all fairness, I became president of the United States and I never did this stuff before. you know, it's pretty good. I never did it before. I was driving down Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania Avenue with Melania, the new first lady who was great. People love her, got the number one selling book. Tucker, she's got the number. Melania right now is the number one seller. Go out and buy it. It's a great book. It really is.


But, but think so. I had never done it before. And I do it. We had 18 people including me. We had debates and all of a sudden we had 17, 16, 15 And. they started disappearing. And a lot of people thought I was doing it just for fun. You did. I think Tucker did too. He thought, he thought I was having a good time. I was having, actually I did. I thought that I was actually having a good time. But all of a sudden, did you notice they started to disappear? Then you have 10 people. And then you know, you had low energy people, you had a lot of interesting people. And then I came up with nicknames for everybody. And for the most part, they were extremely destructive, right?


We had some beauties. We had some like Pocahontas for the, but the da, 'cause I don't use my Republican names anymore 'cause I'm friendly with all those guys. We retired those times, but all of a sudden they start and then we get down to 10. So now eight are gone and we're down to 10. Remember we needed two stages because there was so many. I said, we have the children stage and then we have the grownup stage. And it was all based on the numbers, the ratings, the numbers, your popularity, how you're doing. So there were 10, there were eight, there were five, there were 4, 3, 2, 1. Right? And all of a sudden I'm, I'm the nominee.


And everyone thought I didn't want to be up, but I did wanna be, don't let him tell you that. They said he didn't. All these geniuses, they said he didn't really wanna win. He's extremely upset that he would. No, no, if you're gonna play, you know, win. And some people were surprised. But do you, you heard that I didn't wanna win. Yeah. And I was miserable that I won. No, that's a false story. That's their own misinformation. A term I use a lot. And now they use it all over. I always say misinformation, disinformation. And now everybody says that. So I don't use it anymore. But what happens is I end up being the nominee and then I watch the other side, Bernie Sanders and crooked Hillary go at it and it's crooked Hillary.


And all of a sudden I'm fighting against crooked Hillary Clinton, who's a smart woman, much smarter than Kamala, but doesn't lie as much. Hillary was a liar, A horrible scoundrel. But this one lies so much and, and she's a low IQ individual. She doesn't even know she's lying. I'm telling you, this is not what you want for your president. That has nothing to do with me. This is not what you want. She's a very low IQ individual. She's dumb as a rock. And you can't have that. You can't have that. We love our country too much. You can't have it. We just went through four years of it. You can't have anymore. The co A country can only take so much.


And then I won. And so the point is that I never did it before, right? I'm president of the United States and I was never even a politician before. And I picked some great people, Lighthizer in trade and lot. We had a lot of great people. But What's interesting Is it's all about the people. You gotta have the right people.


So we were at a meeting here at TCN the other day and I looked around the room and every other person had a kind of ruddy vitality, sort of pink cheeks, alertness, bright eyes, full mental acuity, and a cheerfulness you could almost smell. And I asked, why does everyone look so good? And part of the answer of course is they like what we do for a living. It's really interesting. We think it's important. But another reason everyone looks so good is because they'd all had a great night sleep. I'm not making this up. Almost everybody here uses a new sleep technology from a company called Eight Sleep. They sent it to us and everyone here loves it. It's called the pod. It's a high tech mattress cover effectively that you add to your existing bed. You don't need a new bed or anything like that. You just throw this over what you have. What it does is adjust the temperature of your bed warmer or cooler, depending on what you want. And it maintains an ideal sleeping environment all night long. So I didn't know this, but as you progress through different phases of sleep, your body's needs change. And Eight Sleep automatically keeps things exactly where they should be in the sweet spot through the entire night. It's been proven to increase the quality of your sleep, the amount you sleep Every night. It improves your recovery time from physical exertion. And it may even improve your cognitive performance. Enhance, enhance your overall health. It seems to be doing that in our office. So it learns and adapts to your sleep patterns over time and automatically adjusts temperatures throughout the night through each phase of sleep. And it does this independently for each sleeper on either side of the bed. That's pretty cool. So You can sleep well and feel much better and be more effective the next morning as we are here. Try it for yourself. Go to Eight Sleep dot com slash tucker, use the promo code Tucker to get an extra 350 bucks off the pod. Four ultra You can try it with zero obligation for a month. And if you don't like it, just send it back. Again. That's Eight Sleep dot com slash tucker. Better sleep today and look great in your morning meetings, as our guys do.


When you ran in 2016, the leaders and heroes of the Republican Party were the Bush and Cheney families. And so is it weird for you to see Liz Cheney, that'd be Dick Cheney's repulsive little daughter running against you with Kamala Harris? Well, I think it hurts Kamala a lot, actually. Look, she's a deranged person. The reason she doesn't like me is that she wanted to stay in Iraq. She wanted to stay. She wants to, you know, tough, tough person. you know, people get killed all up. She's real tough, right? They're not the tough people. Don't forget, I went against her.


And in her state, which is a great beautiful state, she lost for Congress with the highest number in history. There has never been a Congress person that lost by almost 40 points. And the reason is because if they were ever in that situation, they'd quit. And she lost. She was beaten by a tremendous person, actually tremendous, that I backed fully. But the reason she couldn't stand me is that she always wanted to go to war with people. I don't want to go to war. She wanted to go, she wanted to stay in Syria. I took them out. She wanted to stay in Iraq. I took them out. I mean, if we were up to her, we'd, we'd be in 50 different countries.


And you know, number one, it's very dangerous. Number two, a lot of people get killed. And number three, I mean, it's very, very expensive. That's why we owe $36 trillion. We go, you know, it used to be you go to war, to the victor belong the spoils, right? In other words, if you beat a country, you own that country. You take the oil, you, we go to war, we bomb the crap out of it, and then we leave. you know, it's almost like, what are we doing? What? What's going on? We, we bombed a whole Middle East and then we left. What did we get? We got nothing. We destroyed. I mean, we bombed the hell out of everything. you know, when they went into, when they took out Iraq for a thousand years with different names, you had Iran in Iraq, similar powers.


They were the two big ones. And for a thousand years they would fight each other this way, this way, this way. Then they'd rest this way, this then they'd rest. They were the a self-check. Then one day we go in and bomb the hell outta one, we destroy one. And then all of a sudden Iran has the whole Middle East to itself. And by the way, right now, Iran has Iraq. Iraq is like a subsidiary of Iran. All right? We did so many bad moves. And her father was, was it, you know, her father was, I was very critical of her father for years. I'd never met him, but I'd say anybody that went into the Middle East I thought was stupid. And. he, they say convince Bush, Bush.


Oh, he was just, he was another beauty. But he supposedly convinced Bush to go in him, Bolton and some other lightweights convince them to go in. Let's go into the Middle East and destroy the whole place and killed millions of people. So they went in. But I was never a fan of Chaney. I was always very critical. And when I announced that I was very critical, actually, not personally, but I said he made a horrible mistake. What are these people doing? They're spending, we spent 9 trillion, trillion with a T, not even with a B. Normally I say not million, billion, but now I say not billion, trillion.


We spent $9 trillion bombing the hell out of the Middle East. And what the hell did we get? Other than lots of dead people all over, including our people. We got nothing. So I was very critical of him. And then I announced I was running and I was shocked that he was one of the first people. He endorsed me immediately. I said, that's amazing. But he had something that was very interesting. He had Scooter liberty. I mean, these are little stories that are interesting. Scooter Liberty was a man that could have done great destruction to bush And. they left him behind. He was given to the prosecutors, they prosecuted him rather violently And.


he was almost like a sacrificial lamb. And as somebody that knows a lot about what's happening, I said, you know, if I were ever president, I'd do something with that guy. That guy got treated very badly. Scooter Libby. And when I became president, I actually called Dick Cheney. I said, let me ask you about Scooter Libby. He was best friends. He, he was begging Bush to give Scooter Libby a pardon. But Bush didn't have the courage to do it. you know, it takes courage to give apart And. he, it does take a certain courage 'cause the press comes after you, you know, et cetera, et cetera. And, he didn't have the courage to give. He should have given him apart, but he didn't have the guts to do it.


But Scooter and, and what happened is Dick Cheney, for years, for a long time, hated Bush. And don't let anyone tell you he hated, he said, you don't leave your wounded behind. And I understand that. And Scooter Libby really saved Bush. 'cause he could have said things that would've been very dangerous for Bush in terms of, in terms of getting impeached, in terms of going to jail, in terms of bad things happening. But Scooter Libby didn't do that. And in all fairness to Cheney, I give him credit for this. He was very loyal to him, but he couldn't get pushed to do what he should have done.


I came into government and I did what they should have done. They didn't have the guts to do it. I did it. And Scooter Libby was pardoned. I gave him a pardon. And I never met Scooter Libby, by the way. Never talked to him before that. And I got a call from Scooter Libby after I did that And, he broke down in tears thanking me so, so much. And then Cheney called me And. he said, that was so incredible what you did for Scooter Libby. Because he was really on Scooter, Libby's scooter. Libby took a lot of heat and took all of it and didn't say anything bad about Bush or Cheney or anything else.


Could have done it. I know, 'cause you have, you know, you have guys that do that. And you have guys that lie, which is worse, right? But you have guys that do that. But he was very loyal to them. And, he suffered greatly. I released him. Cheney called me. He said, it's one of the nicest things I've ever seen done in politics. I said, look, I've heard for years he was treated unfairly. I've heard for years that Bush should have given him a pardon. All I did is do something that somebody else should have done. And Cheney was so tha he said, I really want to Thank you. He said, now I'm so glad that I actually endorsed you. It's amazing, but that you would do this.


And I didn't speak to him about it. But then, you know, go a couple of years forward ago now, and I don't blame him for sticking with his daughter, but his daughter's a very dumb individual. Very dumb. She's a radical warhawk. Let's put her with a rifle standing there with nine barrel shooting at her. Okay, let's see how she feels about it. you know, when the guns are trained in her face, you know, they're all warhawks. When they're sitting in Washington in a nice building saying, oh gee, will, let's send a, let's send 10,000 troops right into the mouth of the enemy. But she's a stupid person. And I used to have, I'd have meetings with a lot of people and she always wanted to go to war with people.


So whether it's her, whether it's sick, I was surprised a little bit with Dick Cheney. I didn't know him at all. I only had essentially the one or two phone calls. And it was only a call saying, Thank you very much for doing that, for Scooter Libby. That was nice. And Scooter Libby, by the way, was beyond, he couldn't believe that it, it happened. Nobody would do it. They should have done that for him years before. But I was a little surprised because I actually thought that Dick Cheney would go with me over his daughter, And. he didn't. And you know what? I understand it. It's your daughter and you go, but she's a, she's a bad person. One other thing, they had the J six committee, and I say this for the fake news back there, they learned a lot of phony things like that.


I took on the, I took on, when I was in the car, take me to the Capitol. I said, according to this young lady. And then they said, sure, we won't do that. Well, number one, have I said that they do it. But I had two people, secret service guys, both extremely rough guys. One was like a karate champion, one was a weightlifter. She said, I grabbed the one by the neck. And when I was rebuffed, I went over to the other one and I grabbed him in a choke hold or something.


And actually, no, no, but how ridiculous. Okay. Just not my thing. You would know, Hey, we can be tough, but it's not my thing. I wouldn't do it. I said, actually, can we go down to the capitol? They said, sir, it's better if we don't. This was before anyone knew there was a problem, because there's a lot of people, and it's gonna be tough. Probably not. And you know, we had more people than I've ever seen up at the ellipse up on top. And a small group went down to the the capitol. But I said, can you take, they said, sir, it's really a little bit tough. I said, that's okay. Whatever you think is that's, she had me grabbing the one around the neck and being rebuffed.


And then I grabbed the other one. And these are, I know them both very well. Bobby, I know Bobby wins Bobby. And they're good. And they're good guys too. But they're tough guys. I think they probably could have rebuffed me. I'm a little bit older, but friends of mine love the story. They said, leave the story. You sound like the toughest dude around. It's a great story. But it was totally made up. It was all made up. But here's the, the end zone, the J six committee, I call it. They call it the J six Select committee. Like select. They're not select, they're scum. So what happens, take a look at 'em.


They're all political hacks. But here's the thing that bothers me. They found out all this stuff was untrue. They found out her story was untrue. The two guys in the car testified, it's ridiculous. They said, it is ridiculous. Can you imagine I'm going to, they also, I think said it was the beast. And it wasn't. It was one of the other ones. But you can't even get your hands through. But to think that I would be taking on two nice young guys simultaneously, all right, same. I'm ripping one and ripping the other around. Are they? They're crazy. And then I went, oh, and then I went back to the, to the White House, which I love.


And I started throwing hamburgers all over the place. Okay, finish. The story says what happened is terrible. They went a year and a half. And Kevin McCarthy was a very nice man. He made a mistake because we wanted Jim Banks and Jim Jordan on the committee. And so there'd be like eight to seven or something and called me on this. He said they didn't want Jim Jordan, he's a fighter. They didn't want Jim Banks. He's a fighter. And so Kevin said, we don't want anybody on the committee. We think this committee's a sham. And I understood that was good for a day.


But for the two and a half, we had nobody to fight for us. In other words, we had a committee, you know, who was representing us on the committee crying. Adam Kinzinger and Liz, the moron, Cheney, that was who was on the committee. So these were the two Republicans, Kinzinger, who was a total whack job. And Cheney, who was worse than him. This was our, so they talk about, it was a bipartisan, they call it a bipartisan commission. And I think I'd never liked the idea of not, because even if you didn't have Jim Jordan, who's very good, and Jim Banks, we have a lot of great people. That would've been good And. They would've, you know, they would've mixed it up, end result.


Like they finished their report, they burned and destroyed and deleted everything. Everything. And nobody. And you know why? Because they found out that Nancy Pelosi, it was her fault. She didn't put the security. I offered 10,000 National Guard or military. They found out it was Nancy Pelosi. They found out that the stories about me attacking two very tough guys that are slightly younger than me, just a few years, that that wasn't true.


They found out that much of it wasn't true. And, they were very embarrassed. So the Unselect committee, I call it the Unselect Committee, which I always thought was a great name. 'cause it was a select, I call it the Unselect Committee of Political Thugs. What happened is, think of it, end of the story. They deleted and destroyed all evidence, all documents, there's nothing. And the reason they did it is because they were guilty as hell. It's the greatest coverup. And the fake news back there will not cover it. They've never even, I think, done a story.


In other words, when you go into court, we want that information. There is no information. It's been destroyed. Everything's been destroyed. We have a very, we have a very crooked government. Remember that. And we're gonna straighten it out, and we're gonna make it an honest government


Warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical. So the story of the last few years is the story of watching institutions you loved and trusted be revealed as totally corrupt and filthy. And it's bewildering. And you never thought it would happen to your beloved nicotine pouch company. But that's exactly what happened to us. The people I thought my friends had, Z, their employees were sending the overwhelming percentage of their donations to Kamala Harris. And before Kamala Harris, it was Joe Biden. And before Joe Biden, it was Hillary Clinton. And I thought, why in the world am I using a product made by people who hate me? That by the way, it's not very good. It's dry like a teabag. I'm a man. That's disgusting. And I thought to myself, I'm gonna create an alternative because there's no way I'm gonna spend another dollar on a product made by people like this. And so we created an alternative and it's called alp. And it's delicious. And when you try it, there will be no doubt in your mind that it's much better than anything. The Zin Corporation, the humorless, Kamala Harris supporting Zinn Corporation has ever produced. It's delicious. And it's moist. It's not dry like a teabag. Which again, is disgusting and possibly immoral. That's not to say that there isn't some role for Zinn or whatever. I mean, I think, you know, if you're got a girlfriend who's drunk at a Taylor Swift concert, probably throw in a Zinn. That's like a time and place thing. It's like appropriate for that. I'm, I'm sure most people at a Taylor Swift concert are using Zen. That's not what this is for. This is for people who really enjoy nicotine pouches, who aren't ashamed of that, who don't wanna buy products from a company that hates them and their culture, and who have some self-respect, who don't want a teabag or go to Taylor Swift concerts. That's that. I mean, again, we're not judging anyone who does. This is not the product for you. So we are proud to announce that ALP will be available for purchase on our website, alp pouch.com, starting in November, and in stores shortly after. In the meantime, You can sign up. Our VIP list is@alppouch.com to get exclusive early bird access to our products. And, they are great. Have one in right now. In fact.


So I have to ask you about the pardons. I keep hearing you're considering pardoning Hunter Biden. Is that true? And if so, why? No, I mean, I've never, look, I don't like the idea of what's happening. I don't like it at all. They've weaponized government, but they've weaponized it against me like nobody's ever been weaponized. The big case was the documents case. We won the case in Florida, we're winning other cases too. But I've had to devote money and time to this. Instead of running against these, these stupid people. I had to devote a lot of money and a lot of time, which is what they want.


I had Fanni, FANI went to me, it's Fanny, but she said Fanni, I think she changed it once she became the da. She wanted to put a little French accent on Fanny And, and her lover, boy Wade, who was hired for like a million dollars because of his expertise in whatever the hell Law Rico. Law Rico, he was. But he never did a RICO case. And then they would take sailing trips like six times during the year, six times. Who the hell goes away or to sale for six times? Nobody And. he got paid a lot of money. He took that money, they took trips. you know, there's a whole thing.


That's a whole, but that's just one. They totally controlled it. They controlled the Manhattan DA's office. They had their man in the Manhattan DA's office. He was there. They put a man in the Manhattan. They put a man into the, into the Leticia James office. They had a guy running the whole thing to run outta Washington. They went after, in the attorney General's office. They had people. But think of it, they went after their political opponent. That's never happened to any great extent. Maybe a little bit someplace, I don't know. Nobody knows of it. But it's never happened to any great extent in this country. It happens in Banana Republics a lot, and it happens in third world countries.


But it's never happened. They went after their political opponent. So it's hard to believe that I, I'm winning. It seems by a lot. If they don't cheat too much, if they don't cheat too much, you know, we found a lot of things over the last three days. You've seen that. We found a lot of votes. And in a certain county in York and York County, Lancaster County, you know, we found a lot of bad votes. There were 2,600 votes that happened to be written by the same pen, same hand, same signature, same everything. Maybe there's an explanation for that 2,600 votes.


but we found a lot of stuff. But we're seeing to work it out. But think of it, it's hard to believe that I'm winning the election by a lot now. We gotta keep the cheating down. We gotta keep their cheating. Thank, you I, love you too, darling. Thank you, we gotta keep, we gotta keep their cheating down. But think of this, with all I've been through with these animals, these animals coming and what they've done to this country, how they've hurt this country between the borders and between the weaponization. And think of it, I'm leading by a lot. I'm leading in every single swing state with all of the stuff they've done where I've spent millions of dollars.


I've spent millions of dollars on legal fees. Half of my time is taken up by this. They can campaign. Half of my time is taken up. And they're the dishonest ones. They flip it. They're the dishonest ones. But it's hard to believe. I said to somebody last night, can you believe that numbers came out last night? I'm really leading by quite a bit now. A lot of things can happen. Who knows? It flips maybe, I don't know, but I'm leading by a lot. I said, can you believe I'm leading by a lot? And what they've done to me, that I'm leading it all that I'm even living is almost hard to believe. These are bad people.


So you've expanded and changed the Republican party. And one of the amazing things that I have learned is that Republican voters really care about issues. I didn't realize they cared about like clean air, clean soil, clean food. You've won somehow the full throated endorsement of Bobby Kennedy, lifelong Democrat, who's now like a full-time surrogate for you. He's a very, very good man too, by the way. So What's that gonna look like after you get elected? Well, you know, I feel interesting about this kinda stuff. I like to, number one, get elected. I hate to talk this stuff.


A lot of people they set up, I know that even when I ran, Hillary had an office set up where they inter, they were interviewing all the PI don't wanna do that. I want to get elected first and then we'll cram a little bit. But you know, I don't like doing it. No, I remember she set up this big office, they're interviewing people for jobs. And actually you're supposed to do it. But I wanna win. I wanna win in five days from now. It's almost four days from now, right? In five days from now, when we have a victory, we're gonna have The best people. Here's the one difference that one big difference between now and 2016.


I know Washington and the people through testing, real testing better than probably any human being that's ever hired people. So I went from not knowing anybody and having to rely on, in all fairness, Mike Pence and many other people. I, you know, I re, I had Mike Pence and I had others. And, they would recommend people. Sloppy. Chris Christie recommended some people and I wouldn't have used him had I known. But I, you rely on people. And by the way, you know, I hate, in a way, I hate talking about this because we had mostly great people.


Think of it. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country. We rebuilt the entire US military. We defeated isis and we had no wars. We cut more regulations than anybody in the history of the country, times five. And you know, but we had The best economy in the history of our country. I took in billions and billions of dollars in taxes and tariffs from China. I mean, we did an un. We had an unbelievably successful administration. We were energy independent. We had, we didn't need anybody's energy. We had so much oil, we didn't know what to do with it. And now, take a look, four years ago we were energy independent.


Think of it. And today we're taking tar from Venezuela. you know, they don't really have oil, they have tar. You have to heat the hell out of it costs you more to heat it than it does to sell it. but we, we are going to Venezuela, think of it. Venezuela was like the enemy. We are now giving, you know, I got a kick a month ago. You saw they foreclosed on his plane, but they give him billions of dollars. And. he said, that's okay. He's gonna buy a much better plane with the money we give him, right? but we go to Venezuela for oil. We were energy independent. We have more liquid gold that's oil and gas under our feet than Saudi Arabia, than Russia.


And we were gonna be not only energy independent, within six months we were gonna be energy dominant. We started off at number four. And when I left four years later, we were number one. We were much better and bigger than Russia or Saudi Arabia. Think of that. but we were gonna be triple the size of both. And we were gonna supply it to Europe. We were gonna supply it to Asia all over the world. We were gonna supply, we would've made a fortune. But then we had a little mishap with the election where I got more votes than any sitting president in the history of our country. You do know that more than any sitting president, the only one that supposedly got more votes.


And I wouldn't believe it was sleepy. Joe Biden, who campaigned brilliantly from his basement. People had no interest in this guy. But he got more votes than anybody in the history of the United States of America. So anyway, so bad things happened, but, but we had something going that nobody had. I mean, we had an unbelievably successful administration. But I also put in people, some people that in retrospect I wouldn't have used, but I had to rely on other people for recommendations. Now I know everybody. I know the dumb ones, the smart ones, the weak ones, the strong ones.


I know, I think I know, I know everybody. And I, you know, I've got, I've got people that I think will be great. With that being said, you pick people and sometimes they disappoint you. Everybody knows that. And then you pick people and sometimes they turn out to be better than you thought. But for the most part, I tell you what, I think we have some incredible, we have some incredible people in Washington. We really do. We have some great people. And I now know, I believe for the most part, I know who those people are. Do you, Do you think Bobby Kennedy and Elon Musk will be influential figures without being specific about what those roles will be in your administration? Yeah, I do. I think so.


Look, Bobby, let's talk two of them. Elon's so good. you know where he is right now? He's in Pennsylvania, campaigning for me. Elon, that rocket ship, right? No, it's so great. He docked that big monster. 22 stories. I thought the sucker was gonna be, I was, you know, it's a very crazy story. I mean, I saw it coming in on television. I was talking to a very, I told the story tonight, but I thought it was a very, you know, I'm talking to this very important guy. Not as important as Tucker, but important. Big a big shot. Somebody, everybody would know.


Talking to him bored. Like, I'm bored stiff. He's a boring guy. Oh, who is he? So anyway, no, I'm talking to this very big shot, important guy. And I have the television muted. This thing's going on. you know, it's, the whole thing was really boring. Then I see this monster thing coming down. I see fire all over fire left, right? And I'm looking at him saying, Hey, could you hold it a minute? Yeah, sure. I said, yeah, I just wanna see something. I put the phone down. I sort of forgot.


And I didn't pick him up for like 50 minutes and five. Oh and you know what? Because of the fact that I was president and I very well might be president again. He held on the whole time. Can you believe? But it is true. I picked the phone up. I say, oh shit, the phone. Hello, hello. He goes, hello. The poor guy I have, but I had to see this. And I turned it on. I, they see the, now you have toand, it left. I saw it leave. And it was beautiful white paint. Now it's coming down and it's just dark brown. you know, it's coming down at 10,000 miles an hour or something.


10, I think it's 10,000. It's coming down at levels of speed that nobody ever even conceived of. And it's all burned and where it's rough. But it's coming. And now it's turned around, it turns around and you have the gantry, the big, beautiful gantry. And it's coming and it's going to, I said, oh, it's gonna crash. 'cause you see at that bottom, this section right here, that sucker's, oh, I'm going, come on baby. Come on. And I didn't know actually if it's, if I'm watching a science fiction movie or am I watching the news? I didn't know what the hell I'm watching. But I see this thing coming down and all of a sudden it's going into the steel, the big steel gantry up here goes, the things like 20 stories tall too.


It's gonna crash. I say, oh shit, it's gonna crash coming down. And the lower section, right? It's coming, right? It's ready. And then all of a sudden, po fire flames come pouring outta the lower section. It's jets. And they're pushing it over right here. And then it comes down. And I'm saying, I mean, is that the coolest thing you've ever seen, right? Is that the coolest? If you don't think I want a guy like that working for us. So, you know, we've gotta cherish our brilliant people. They don't treat him right. We've gotta cherish our brilliant people. 'cause we don't have too many of 'em. Nobody does. Nobody does.


So Elon, oh, talk Elon first. Elon wants to, by the way, I'm having a great time up here. Are you having a good time? This guy? Is he the greatest interviewer? He asked me one little question. I talked for 20 minutes And. he, and they're gonna say, he's better than Larry King at his prime, right? It's an easy job. Is that the greatest You're you're an easy interview And. he is. He is a great, he is great at what he does is few like him. I will tell you that. So, so with Elon, here's a theory, and he's right that there's unbelievable wasted fraud.


Like I saved much more than a billion dollars. When I came into the White House in one day, when I said, I'm not gonna pay that much to Boeing for Air Force one And, they ended up taking like more than, much, more than a billion dollars off the price. It took about a couple of weeks, you know, saying, I'm not buying it. No, I don't want it. But there's a, a plane that you're saving much more than a billion dollars and you've got thousands of things like that. Not as much. And in some cases, much more. They're building an aircraft carrier. The Gerald Ford, the thing came in like at $20 billion for about 20 billion. And it doesn't work because they decided to use electric catapults that throws the planes off.


Instead of steam, they decided to go electric. Why are they people that are going all electric? By the way, I'd end the electric mandate on cars day one. You should have electric, but you gotta have gasoline. You gotta have everything that'll come off on day one. Many things will be done on day one. Your head will spin when you see what's gonna happen. The stupidity. But what I like about Elon, you know, Elon's a great cost cutter. And Elon thinks he can cut the costs of our government by $2 trillion. Think of it. That's the entire deficit, you know? 'cause it's now at a level, by the way, we have the biggest deficit we've ever had under this stupid group of people.


But he thinks he can cut $2 trillion without affecting anybody. Just through. And I think he can do that. I do. I believe that. And that's really what he wants to do. He doesn't wanna work, he doesn't want to become a secretary of something. He, I mean, I'd love to have him to be honest with you. But he doesn't want to. He's doing a couple of other things. you know, like, like rocket ships, you know, he sends Tucker, he sends 92% of the rockets that go up are his rockets. Think of that. Russia, China, and us. 92% are him. And he's the only one I asked him, I said, are you the only one that can do that?


He's the only one that can land it like that. And. he said, it'll be years before they can do it. He's a great guy. He wants to cut costs. That's what he wants to do. He wants to save the country. He said that if Trump doesn't get elected, the country is finished. Because, you know, he understands me. And, and I understand I got to know him a little bit in the White House, but much more so over the last few months, he endorsed me. He gave me an endorsement that was so beautiful. He said, if Trump doesn't win, I think this country's finished. He's worried about the country, he's worried about it. He thinks he can save $2 trillion. In which case we don't have a deficit. We, I mean the whole thing would be $2 trillion a year, by the way, a year.


And I will definitely, now Bobby is, is great. The only thing I'm a little bit worried about with Bobby. So I want him to work on health. And I think there's nobody like, I mean, I think he's right with so much of the things he's talking about. 'cause you know, we're not a healthy country. If you look at some of the countries in Europe, they're much more healthy than us. We're a rich country. I mean, you know, we gotta get rid of a little debt. But that's okay. We're, I've typically been very good at that. I've been very proficient at that. I've had it both ways. I've had a lot of debt and I've had very little debt. And as you get older, having very little debt is much better, believe me. But you know what he is, he really wants to, with the pesticides and the, you know, all the different things.


But I said he can do it. He can do anything he wants. He wants to look at the vaccines. He wants everything. I think it's great. I think it's great. The only thing I say to Bobby is, leave the liquid gold under our feet alone. I want, we wanna have a little gasoline. We want, 'cause you know what I'm gonna do? We're gonna unleash much of that. And we're gonna, you know, Germany tried to go all green. And, they almost destroyed their country. and that was the end of Angola, by the way. That was it for Angola. They went all green. They had windmills all over the place. And the wind stopped blowing for a couple of weeks. and that was almost the end of Germany, actually.


But the only thing, and I say it jokingly, but I say, Bobby, I love you looking at health. I want you to take care of the women of this country, the men of this country and the children of this country. You don't have to worry about anybody else. But the one thing you gotta do for me, Bobby, is leave that lick. Leave what's under my feet. The oil and gas. You leave that to me, Bobby. 'cause that's gonna, we're gonna make so much damn money. And it's clean. It's gonna make it clean. We are gonna make, you know, we have, look, China doesn't have that. That's why China's going electric.


If we go electric, we're playing right into their hands. We have oil and gas. They don't, they have things for making the batteries and other things. They're gonna make the electric cars. We're not gonna be making the electric cars. The problem with the electric cars, and I think they're great in a smaller application. They don't go far. They cost too much. And they're gonna be made in China. Three minor problems. Okay? But if you listen to this government, they wanna make army tanks electric because they wanna invade countries with their army tanks in a very friendly way. From the pollution standpoint. The whole, you know what you have to do? The batteries are so big.


They have a design where the army tank is going in And. they have like a wagon, like a child's wagon with these massive batteries. These, these, wait, we're gonna have green wars. These people are crazy. No, they want trucks to be all electric. The problem is they don't go far. That's a problem. you know what else is a problem? So the trucking industry comes to see me. 'cause they think I'm gonna win And. they come in to see me. And these guys come in and they're great guys. They've been in like Roger Penske, how good is Roger pe? The guy's won, but he's in the trucking business too. He's won like 19 Indianapolis. Five. Think of how good this guy is. Japan spends billions on coming up with a race car.


Germany spends billion. I don't know if they've ever won, maybe one or two. Roger Penske is an incredible guy. He won 19 Indianapolis, 500. It might even be 20. That was two years ago. I gave him the presidential medal of freedom because I said he deserves it after the 19th. I said he deserves it. But the truckers came in to see me. They say, sir, they want us to go all electric and it'll destroy the industry. Why? Because a truck is two and a half times heavier if it's run by a battery. I said, that's not good. I don't like that. What does that do to the bridge? He said, how did you pick it up so fast, sir? Every bridge in the United, States would have to be rebuilt.


Every roadway would've, because they're not set for that kind of weight. Little problem. They don't go far, right? They only go. I said, how many times would you New York to la how many times would you have to stop? Six times, sir. Six. How many times would you have to stop if you loaded up with diesel fuel? We wouldn't have to stop at oil. And we can come back a little bit of a ways too. I said, that's the problem. They have a lot of problems, right? Another problem is the battery is much bigger than the tanks of diesel. So it would take a lot of their payload out. you know, they said, have you explained this to the government? Yes. What do they say? We don't care. We want all electric.


you know, I mean, these are problems that fairly short term or absolutely insurmountable, but the government is pushing them anyway. So we, we have to bring common sense back to our country. We have to have borders, we have to have fair elections. you know, we, we shouldn't be worried about how they're stealing in Pennsylvania and how the, we should have fair elections. We should have one day elections, all paper ballots, voter id, and we're finished. So I know you've been up, Your, your schedule is, and this is not a talking point. Your schedule is beyond belief. And I know you've been working since 6:00 AM this morning.


I don't even know what time it is or what time zone we're in. So this is my last question to you. But after almost 10 years of doing this, going around the country, speaking to huge audiences, almost a decade, you're four days from, that's it. How do you, are you sad about that? Do you, how do you feel? So, you know, we have these rallies and it's nice to have a president that doesn't need a teleprompter. Isn't it really nice? And because you can't have successful rallies if you read it all, they were ah, wha everybody would pick up. And we have great r we the greatest rallies, even look at this crowd, although I would assume they're here for Tucker, mostly Tucker.


Look at this crowd of people you have here. This is not a normal, this isn't normal. Had Some people too. No, this isn't a normal situation. I mean, what the hell time is it? And you go back, this is a monster building. I don't know how many people you have here, but you also have a lot of people outside. When we were driving up, there were thousands of people outside ca So I was making a route a couple of days ago, and I said something that I've never said. I said, you know, I've been doing this for nine years and you've been with me. This is the greatest political movement in history by far, by far. It's maga it's called Make America Great Again.


When our, when our I I'm gonna be nice to him. When our president, no, when, when our slightly off. I mean, look at the way he performed in the debate. They should have never taken it away from him. Look at the way he performed. He was brilliant. Okay? So, but they knew that a long time ago. Okay? And she knew that too. And our country's a danger. We're dealing with Kim Jong-Un we're dealing with very, you know, we are dealing by the way, with unbelievably smart, talented, vicious people that are at the top of their game. And we are dealing with people that, number one, aren't smart.


They never were. They never were. She wasn't. She was a bad student. She couldn't pass her damn law exam. Okay? She wasn't smart And. he was definitely not smart. And we're dealing with other people that are at the absolute top of the pole. And we can't do that. That's a great danger. And people should have let us know. But I was talking and I said, we've been doing this together for nine years. you know, we love these people. The people are so great. They stood, it was like a sea of red, the red hat. And I said, we've been doing this together for nine years, because, you know, a year before I started in terms of before we won almost a year anyway.


And I said, you know what? It's sad in a way because there's never been rallies like this. When that sleaze bag said during the debate, she said, oh, your rallies aren't well attended. And people leave. They don't leave. And they're really well intended. We can't get places big enough. And then, and then I said, I said, I said, no, no, you know, the rallies are the biggest in history. We never haven't just like this, this is a part of a rally. We never had an empty seat and nobody leaves early. And you know what, if I saw people leaving, you know what I do?


Ladies and gentlemen, we're gonna make America great again. Goodbye everybody. And everybody would be happy. Nobody would leave. but we don't have to do that. Nobody leaves. It's be it's a love fest. It's never happened before. This has never happened before. He's a big fan of Ronald Reagan. So am I. But if Ronald Reagan, let's say, went to New Mexico like I did today, we probably had 25,000 people standing in an airport early in the morning today. but we had, we have massive crowds. Look, we had 107,000 people in New Jersey. We had 101,000 people in Butler just a few weeks ago, right?


We had 114,000 people in California a month ago, right? 114,000. The owner said, the person that has the land, a nice guy, he said, you get bigger crowds than these guys that play guitars all. And I don't have a guitar, so this has been a love fest. But I said, and and I meant it to, I said, you know, we've done this for nine years. And it's sad. I never thought of it actually, it'll never happen. It'll never happen again. It's never gonna happen again. In four years. Somebody's gonna be running, could be jd, it could be this one.


By the way, he's doing a good job. The best. He's doing a good job. But it could be jd, it could, and he'll have competition no matter what. But when you have a rally, they're gonna have 250 or 300 people. If Ronald Reagan came back from the dead at the height, at the height of Ronald Reagan, if he went to California to have a rally, he'd have 250, 300 people in a ballroom someplace. We have 50, 60, 70, 80, a hundred thousand people. And, and in all fairness, we're late. I don't know. I have no idea. I've been doing this all day. I have no idea how, what time it is. But I know it's not exactly prime time for doing this stuff.


And you look up into the rafters of this massive building, and you don't have, there's no empty seat, there's no anything. It's, it's, by the way, it's, and for whatever reason, I don't, I can't explain the reason, but, but it'll never happen again. And there'll be somebody running and it'll be the hot one next year, and it'll come here and it'll go there and he'll have two, 300 people. That's what it's gonna be. My consultants was telling me that. He said, we've consulted for 25 years, if we'd have 300 people. We were thrilled if we'd had 200 people. We were thrilled. And you have like 30, 40, 50, 60 in South Carolina. We had 88,000 people in Alabama.


We had 68,000 people. It's an amazing phenomenon. And I'm not giving myself, it's just, I'm giving you the credit. You're tired of being the stupid country. We've become a stupid country. We're run by stupid people and you're tired of it. So I said to myself the other day, Tucker, it's sad. And I was telling the people, because it'll never happen again. This is never gonna happen again. I don't care. I just don't believe it's never happened in any country. When Biden got up with a red background, the pink background And, he looked like the devil. He looked so stupid, right? And, he said, we will stop Maga Maga, we're gonna, he said, listen, you stupid bastard.


MAGA means, 'cause I don't think, I think if you asked him what does it mean he doesn't know, MAGA means make America great again. That's what MAGA means. So for the first time, I never said it to anybody. I never really thought about it that much. But all of a sudden it was down to like maybe 10 or eight or nine days a few days ago, right? I said, you know, in 10 days this will never happen again because I'm not running again. And you're gonna lose interest. We're gonna meet, but we're gonna meet on a different basis. We're gonna meet on the basis of fixing our country and we'll meet.


But it'll be different than having rallies and having, you know, things where you have elections and all. It's never gonna be what we've done together. We gotta win first of all. but we are leading. Just keep the cheating down. The only thing can stop us is the cheating. It's the only thing that can stop us if we win. It's the biggest event in political history. It's the biggest event in political history. But, and there's something, and it's gonna be the most important. I believe that the next election is the most important election in the history of the country. I really believe that. The one that's coming up in four days. But I said to myself, it's sad.


I told the people, some people are in the road, they're crying. They, they go, we have people that have gone to 200 and 250 rallies We have the beautiful ladies of North Carolina. We have the front row Joseph. I mean, we have people that have gone to hundreds of rallies. I said, this will never happen again. I don't believe it will. I don't think it'll ever happen again. And we'll get together, but it'll be different. We're gonna get together and we're gonna make America great again. We're gonna fix our country. We're gonna have strong borders and we're gonna have fair elections. And hopefully we'll get a fair press eventually, because that's a very important element. You need a fair press. He and I understand the press because you give them a story, you know exactly everything that happened.


And they'll write it the opposite. Like the exact opposite. They'll write it to actually hurt you. It's hard to believe you almost. That's the other thing you wonder, why do they do that? It's so bad. And they've lost such credibility. you know, when I first came to politics, the news, the press had a 92% approval rating yesterday. It hit 14%. And I'm actually very proud of that because I've exposed them for being a total fraud. They're a fraud. But hopefully they won't be a fraud for long. Hopefully that'll straighten out. 'cause that's a very important, the press.


A free press. A real press is a very important part of greatness, of making the country great. They're like, they're almost like the glue that keeps it together. But they're also like, in a way, a police force that keeps it honest. But they're so dishonest that they have no credibility. Think of it. 60 minutes. Ask her question. And you know, I brought a lawsuit in this today. You saw that 60 minutes because it's so wrong. She gives an answer that only a moron would give. You can give bad answers. But this was an answer that a person who, who is not a smart person, a person who got the lowest score perhaps in the history of the bar exams.


Okay. you know, she failed the bar exam. Okay? But this is a person, this is a very low IQ individual. This is the answer of a very low IQ individual. And by the way, I think everybody that runs for president or vice president should have cognitive tests. They should have testing because you know, and I don't mean by age. 'cause you know, some of the greatest leaders in the world were in their eighties in the 80 period. 'cause there is an experience thing and other things, some of the greatest leaders in history, you look back and, and I know many people that are in their eighties that are, I know one person from 80 to 90 made billions of dollars.


And, he was a failure for his whole life. And you know him, I'll tell you who it is later, but he was a failure for his whole life. But I said to myself, it's sad that in a way this whole great thing that we've built is, is never gonna happen again. But what is gonna happen again is we're gonna turn our country around. We're gonna make it great and we're gonna be so proud of ourselves because we have to save our country. Our country is going bad. We're a failing nation. We are, as I say, we are a nation in decline. We are a nation in very serious decline. And look at what these stupid people have done. They've allowed Russia, China, Iran, North Korea and others to get together in a group.


This is impossible to think. When I was a young guy, I'd, I loved, I always loved the whole thing, the concept of the history and all of the things that can happen. The one thing, and I had a professor at the Wharton School of Finance, but we had history classes also. He said, the one thing you never want to happen is you never want Russia and China uniting. We united them because of the oil we united them, Biden, united them. It's a shame, the stupidity of what they've done. I'm gonna have to un unite them. And I can think, I can do that too. I have to un them.


But early on I've read and you've learned you never want Russia and chi And. they natural enemies because Russia has massive land and China needs it. Okay? They need that land. China doesn't have the land for the population. Russia has. If you ever look at the size of the Russian landmass, it's like four times or five times. Doesn't have like 12 times zones or something. It's massive. They're a natural enemy. And we've allowed them become to get together. It's such a dangerous thing. Another thing, another thing that we're doing is we're losing the dollar as the standard.


Because if these people that are, so, if we lose the dollar as the standard, that's like losing a war. And it'll never happen with me. There's no way that'll happen with me. We gotta put it back together. We cannot. That is like losing a war. So we're gonna get together and hopefully we'll get together a lot, but we're gonna get together and I think it's gonna be very happy times. We're gonna put our country back together and we're gonna make it the greatest country in the world again. And you're gonna be very proud of all these rallies that we had. And I just want to Thank you for being here so late in the evening. I've been doing this all day and this guy is fantastic.


President Donald J. Trump. Ladies and gentlemen, Thank, you.