
Your data is like gold to hackers, and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com. Cancel anytime terms apply.


Oh, We're in an ante room in Mar-a-Lago on election night. Marjorie Taylor Green sitting directly across from me. We are moments from getting another tranche of election results. It looks like Kamala Harris has won the state of Vermont. Hmm. Is it over? It's over. Congratulations, Vermont. She won Vermont There as full as, But really just Burlington, if you come right down to it, I mean, there's just no chance she won the Northeast Kingdom. There's no chance she won the pretty parts of Vermont, just the urban slum in Vermont. How do you feel with the limited data we now have about the selection? I feel optimistic, but I'm cautious because, you know, for the past eight or nine years we've watched the left and the media totally destroy Donald Trump's character.


Defame him, slander him, impeach him twice, try to lock him up, try to bankrupt him, try to kill him. So my thoughts and questions are why would they let him win? It's a good question. And I'm what I'm always struck by, we were just with, spent an hour an or two with Trump just a minute ago, I think you were. There is the distance between the Trump that you hear about and the Trump that you actually experience when you're with him. And the first thing that I always notice about Trump, other than the fact he's truly hilarious, he's just so instinctively moderate. I mean, that's like the least radical person I think I know, Right? Yeah. He's not radical at all. Well, and let's be honest, they actually know him.


They know him just as well as we do, Tucker. Well, that's right. Everybody's known Donald Trump for years. They, they partied with him. They hung out with him. They supported him. They exactly, they praised him. They loved him. That's right. Democrats took his money. They, they loved Donald Trump. You know, and I think maybe it boils down to this, they're really angry and jealous that they don't have Donald Trump. And, and maybe that's part, That's part of it. Well, that's true. They do have Tim Walls. We'll see if that'll be enough. Trump has won the state of Florida by, looks like about a million votes so far. 30 electoral votes. Not surprising. That state seems to be just like a solid Republican state at this point. Yeah. Big red wall.


Well, so many people moved there after Covid, right? Rightfully so. The Democrats shut down the country. They made life miserable for people. Suicide rates were the highest at all times. Suicide rates in children were higher than they've ever been, as if any child should ever commit suicide. Yes. Such a horrible thought. But yeah, a lot of people definitely moved to Florida to escape all those kind. Well then can I ask a, I mean, maybe a controversial question, but a lot of people moved to Georgia too, and yet it became more liberal. What is going on with Georgia? Why would Georgia of all states a state I always think of as reliably conservative. I've never met a liberal from Georgia. Yeah. Why is it even up for grabs at this point?


Well, what happened? Well, A lot of people moved to Georgia, but people have been, or businesses have been recruited to Georgia. So we have the tech corridor, we have Hollywood, because somebody thought that was a good idea to give them tax credits. But we've had a lot, you know, electric vehicle battery plants. Wait, They brought actors to your state On purpose. On purpose. Why would they do that? Apparently they thought it'd be cool. I, I don't know. I pur I really liked Georgia back when we didn't have the Hollywood There. Yeah. A lot of actors in your state, like real people who aren't pretending to be somebody else. Right. Oh, so that was, that was a product of like intent. They were lured there. Yeah. Democrat. I mean, I'm sorry. Republicans said that it sounded like Democrats should, would be the ones to do something like that.


Not Surprised. Yep. So right now we have Donald Trump at about 55% in the state of Florida. Kamala Harris at 44. Where, what do you think is gonna happen in your state tonight in Georgia? Well, I, they called my race at 7:00 PM Yeah. Literally when the polls closed. And I take that as a good sign. So you Lost now you were elected for the third time. For the third time, yeah. I, I, last Time I checked. It's interesting, I think of you and Trump as very similar in the arc of your public careers. You both came from outside of politics, into politics. You were both declared dangerous to the country almost immediately.


You were for a period of like a while, months, the most reviled person in the world. You were a danger to democracy. I'm surprised you didn't get arrested and then you became, you kind of endured, you stuck it out. You weren't intimidated, you didn't leave. The Republican party tried to kick you out. You hung in there, and then you became one of the most influential people in the party. It does kind of feel like Donald Trump's story. Absolutely. Well, I haven't been arrested yet. I know You fair And I'm still alive. Yes. Even those several have tried. But you know, it's pretty interesting to me, Tucker and I'm, I'm actually enjoying it very much. I get to listen to all these Republicans that denounced me and voted to kick me off committees and talked bad about me and slandered me and distance themself from me.


I get to sound, listen to them, And they very much sound like Marjorie Taylor Greene. As a matter of fact, they say the same things that I say. I noticed that you did have have any apologized to you? Quite a few have actually. Oh, good. Yeah, quite a few. Not all of them, but quite a few have apologized. Well, good for them. Well, when they get yelled at, when they go back home by their own constituents And they That's right. And they get asked, why can't you be more like Marjorie Taylor Greene? I think they figured it out. It's, It's just so funny. It it, here's another similarity between you and Trump. He was, I'll never forget it, attacked on the front page of every newspaper in the country for saying that white supremacists in Charlottesville were good people. Ridiculous. He never said that. No.


You were attacked for using the phrase Jewish space lasers, which you never, never used. Never Said No. I attacked pg and e actually, which ironically has been in the news Yeah. Past couple of days for shutting power. So I wanna go to the batting markets really quick. Who will win the presidential election? Pretty straightforward question. Donald Trump's 66% Kamala Harris, 34% with about $282 million on the line so far. I think that's current. That's pretty overwhelming, I think. And aren't those bets, they're, they're not rich people, right? These are, these are just average bets. I I, I really don't know enough about the betting market, but I would say most of them are not betting massive sums of money.


Right. Trying to swing the numbers. I think they're legitimately betting that Donald Trump's going to win. I couldn't, after over 30 years of trying to follow this stuff and getting more confused every cycle, I feel like I know less about politics every cycle. I can't make any sense of the polls. And I, I don't think I'm being like a superstitious villager when I say I think they're just all manipulated. He said, you think is that you're in the business. What do you think of the national polls this season? Well, I know I've never been polled, and I know most of my family and friends have never been polled. So my common sense says, how can the polls be correct if everyone I know doesn't participate in that? Right. Well, that's right. But is there a possibility that polls are used not to measure public opinion, but to shape it?


Do you think that's possible? 100%. Okay. So we had this outlier poll that got a great deal of attention in Arizona that showed Donald Trump losing Arizona. I don't know a single living person who thinks that's gonna happen, but that poll was everywhere, scared the crap outta all these Republicans. Was that the point of the poll, do you Think? Probably. I think Republicans are easily misled. Yeah. Well, yeah, We're kind of dumb a lot of the times actually. Yeah, I think I have been. Well, I mean, it's, it's easy to get scared, but I think the reality is that we've seen mass misinformation, you know, by the media, by, by democrats, by republicans, by consultants.


And it is used to sway the, the opinion of the people also push their actions. Right. And so if they're told over and over and over again every single day in the news that Donald Trump is a Nazi, Donald Trump is Hitler, Donald Trump is a fascist. Donald Trump is a dictator. Right? Donald Trump is losing, according to all these polls. What that's going to do is it's going to make his supporters less likely to go out and vote for him. I Think that's exactly, I think that's exactly right. Or embarrass them into not telling others that they're voting for Donald Trump. It does feel like that's changing. I wanna ask you about that in two seconds, but just for an electoral update, we're at Kamala Harris, 35, Kamala, Kamala Carmela. I, I, who cares? Harris 35 electoral votes so far.


Donald Trump, 95, 2 70 needed to win. You think we'll know tonight. You know, I feel like we've been campaigning for years now. I would love to know tonight, but I have been shocked so many times over the past couple of years. I've quit predicting Sue Barack Obama, who I think, you know, if you're to lay responsibility for the destruction of America and any one person, I think it would be Barack Obama, the most deceptive president in our history, and most anti-American. He just tweeted, you know, we may not know for a long time days. And that's normal. In what sense is it normal India, the biggest democracy in the world, gets its votes counted in by sundown.


Why, why, why can't we do that? Right. Well, we should be able to do that. And everyone knows it, And they know it too. They're just liars. And and the reason why he's saying we may not know for days is because they plan on stealing the election. I, I know we're not supposed to say that. Why not? Well, I, you know, I'm an election denni, so I fall in that camp, but honestly, they don't. You're an elected official, and so you have the right to comment on elections and say whatever you think about elections. Absolutely. You were elected. Yeah, That's true. If You can't give your opinion on elections, then who can? That's, that's a fair point. Yeah, I think it is. Can I, I'm sorry, interrupted you. I'm just, Yeah. Can I give my opinion on voting machines? Yes ma'am. As well. Please. We should not be using them.


They're very faulty. They're, of course, they're a horrible product. I talked to people in my district that voted on these voting machines and that switch their votes, switch their votes. But because, because our country is so disgusting and attacks people that come out and tell the truth and try to be whistleblowers about what's happening, these people are scared to go on record and say what they experienced As someone who spent like 12 hours in depositions from voting machine companies, not even named in the suits. No, I'm very aware of their efforts to intimidate the rest of us in the silence. So let me read Barack Obama's, Barack Hussein Obama, as Trump says, quote from his tweet, it took several days to count every ballot in 2020.


And it's very likely we won't know the outcome tonight either. So please keep a few things in mind as you make your voice heard today. He speaks only in cliches. One thousands of election workers around this country are working hard today. Respect them. Thank them. Oh, shut up. You pomp. A douche two, don't share things before checking your sources. Really? You liar. You lecturing me about accuracy. Stop. Sorry, my hostility is getting in the way. Three, let the process run its course. It takes time to count every ballot. 27.6 million views on Elon Musk's X. So lemme ask you, we have electronic voting machines because they are supposedly, they're sold to us as faster and more accurate.


Leaving aside whether they're more accurate or not, there's a lot of evidence or not accurate at all, And they don't leave a reliable record. I think that's a fair criticism. They're not faster. Now, Countries with hand count and paper ballots get their results in faster than we do. So what could possibly be the point of spending money on a technology that's slower and less accurate? I don't understand. Like, what's the upside? Well, they get a contract And they make a lot of money. That's one thing. Okay. But actually I think there's multi multiple layers there. Yeah. The government is great at handing out contracts to their friends. Right. Friends and family. I've noticed. So I I you have to remember that these companies make a lot of money off of, off of providing their product to be used in our elections.


I think that's wrong. I think, I think our elections belong to the American people. Well, of course. And the American people largely and overwhelmingly on both sides of the aisle, don't like the voting machines. I mean, if I say I don't like Starbucks coffee and I don't wanna drink Starbucks coffee anymore, Starbucks is not gonna sue me about it. Right. They can't sue me for saying that. But yet for some reason, these voting machine companies, when you say, I don't like the voting machines, I don't wanna use them, I think they're bad. I think they can steal elections. All of a sudden we all get threatened that we're gonna sue. Right. Some left wing oligarch will pay the voting machine company to haul you into court. And they stole my text messages and gave 'em to the New York Times. I was not even named in the suit. So, Which is a complete violation of your right to privacy.


Well, they're very sinister. I'd say Dominion's a very sinister company. And Well, they make a lot of money. So if they lose their contracts, so they're out. But here is something, you know, talking about Barack Obama's tweet, there was a message in there that I read when you were reading it and I was looking at it. I think, I think something to take away from his tweet to me is he was saying, number one, be nice to the election workers. He's telling people do not harass them. Do not push back. We have election workers pushing out Republican poll watchers today. I'm sorry. Well, we're not going to be respectful, But it's also an an inversion of the way things are supposed to work. It's like they work for us. That's right. They should be nice to us.


That's Right. That's right. I mean, I think you should be p polite to everyone that's including Barack Obama, by the way he was here. I would be p polite to him. I'm p polite to everybody. I Try. But the second one was about Censorship, but the bonus is on the people who work for us to be nice to us since they're our employees whose salaries we pay. Exactly. So shut up Barack Obama once again. And then the second one was check your sources before you share information. Okay. Back to the whole lecturing of, of well, He's a liar, so I'm not gonna take accuracy advice from him. Okay. So we have more information. This is from Glenn Greenwald, one of our favorite journalists. One of the few good journalists left Trump is up 11 points in the heavily Latino Miami-Dade County with 80% of the votes counted.


Biden won it by seven points in 2020. Hillary won it by 30 points in 2016. That's crazy. So that's wild. With 80% of the votes in Trump is 55. Chi Kamala Harris is 44%. That is Why that's amazing for a man that's talking about securing the border. And this is a heavy, heavily Latino county. Hillary Won it by 30 points in 2016. Shocking. And now shocking. Trump is up 11. I mean, that's what, so my math isn't great, but what that's a, a swing of 41 points in eight years. Wonder how many Puerto Ricans live in Miami-Dade? I don't know. It's that's a great question. This is, to me the long term, the most significant number to come out of tonight, which is what percentage of the Hispanic vote did Trump win?


It's huge, right? Yes. This is huge. So I, for some reason, this is not discussed much in public, but for a guy who's very famous for being a Klansman or a racist or a Nazi, he seems to be doing pretty well among Hispanic voters. Like Yeah. Well, Let me ask you one last question. Okay. Is, if Trump wins tonight, he's on track to win, what will the message be? How will you feel? Has there ever been a greater vindication? Not yet. Not yet. I I think winning tonight will be the beginning. To me, to me it's, it'll be a celebration, but actually it means a lot more because it's time to get to work.


And that's when the hard work really begins. Oh, yeah. If he wins tonight, the most dangerous time in our history will start. We have thought the most dangerous time have been the past four years or so. That's not true. If President Trump goes back in the White House, it, it truly will be, in my opinion, something we've never experienced. In what Sense? Why They cannot let him win. They can't let him achieve what he has promised to the country. They can't let Republicans support him to achieve the agenda that he's promised to the country because it destroys everything that the entire world, the globalist, the elites, climate change that goes away. If America stops supporting the climate change lie, China start stops supporting the chi, climate change lie, all the other dominoes fall and that one goes away.


That's been one of their biggest false gods that they've worshiped for a long time. Going even further, what have they been trying to do for, I don't know, 20 years or more, even longer. They've been supporting migration, invading all, look at Europe, totally invaded Europe, destroyed America. They're trying to destroy us. That will stop. And if we really secure the border and shut it down like we're planning to do, that's going to change everything that ruins their whole migration plan. So if President Trump goes into office on, on January 20th, 2025, I I I, I honestly don't know what they're going to do to stop him.


And I, I can't fathom it, but I think it's going to get worse. You have a keen appreciation for the ruthlessness of the other side having been his victim. So that's, that's something to take seriously. Yeah. But in the meantime, if Trump wins pretty great, It's gonna be awesome. I swear it's gonna be great. I'm gonna, I'm gonna go find some fake news person and just punch him straight in the nose. Another Trump supporter calling for violence. Yeah. I don't mind. A little bit of violence like that, Marjorie, Thank you very much. Yeah, Thank you. Wonderful to see you, Congressman. Thank you. You too. And congrats on winning. Thank You.


So the story of the last few years is the story of watching institutions you loved and trusted be revealed as totally corrupt and filthy. And it's bewildering. And you never thought it would happen to your beloved nicotine pouch company. But that's exactly what happened to us. The people I thought were my friends at Z, their employees were sending the overwhelming percentage of their donations to Kamala Harris. And before Kamala Harris, it was Joe Biden. And before Joe Biden, it was Hillary Clinton. And I thought, why in the world am I using a product made by people who hate me? And by the way, is not very good. It's dry like a teabag. I'm a man that's disgusting. And I thought to myself, I'm gonna create an alternative because there's no way I'm gonna spend another dollar on a product made by people like this. And so we created an alternative, and it's called alp. And it's delicious. And when you try it, there will be no doubt in your mind that it's much better than anything. The Zi corporation, the humorless, Kamala Harris supporting Zinn Corporation has ever produced. It's delicious. And it's moist. It's not dry like a teabag, which again, is disgusting and possibly immoral. That's not to say that there isn't some role for Zen or whatever. I mean, I think, you know, if you're got a girlfriend who's drunk at a Taylor Swift concert, probably throwing a zen, that's like a time and place thing. It's like appropriate for that. I'm, I'm sure most people at a Taylor Swift concert are using Zen. That's not what this is for. This is for people who really enjoy nicotine pouches, who aren't ashamed of that, who don't wanna buy products from a company that hates them and their culture, and who have some self-respect, who don't want to tea bag or go to Taylor Swift concerts. That's that. I mean, again, we're not judging anyone who does. This is not the product for you. So we are proud to announce that ALP will be available for purchase on our website, Alp Pouch dot com, starting in November, and in stores shortly after. In the meantime, You can sign up our VIP list is at Alp Pouch dot com to get exclusive early bird access to our products. And they are great. Have one in right now. In fact, warning this product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical.


All right. So we are bringing up next, a friend of mine, someone who, without getting into too much detail, was one of the rare members of the first Trump administration who, in my estimation, stayed true to the vision of the candidate from the first day to the last. Not everybody in the first Trump administration did that. There were some mercenaries involved, there were some people of low character Trump himself has said this, but there were some people of high character and clear vision. And at the very top of that list would be our guest, cliff Sims, who sits across from me now, who's involved in the, will be involved in the president's transition efforts if he wins.


Thanks so much. Thanks For having me. This is awesome. It's So great. So what, what do you think we're looking at to the extent we know, I, the truth is we don't know. No, we don't. I mean, we don don't admit that this is the Breaking the pork walk cliff. Well, we just have to be honest with the people here. Tucker Wright, come on. You're right. Fake news is in some other part of the complex. This is the real, I've sat on so many sets on election night and kind of bullshit went well, it looks like Macomb County reporting, you know, whatever. You know? Yeah. You, you, you really are. It's funny. You, you know, as a political operative Yeah. You get all these texts throughout the day saying, what are you, what are you hearing? Well, I'm not hearing fricking anything. I'm like hearing what you're doing. And it's like the same, I think about the same thing in the White House. When you work there, you realize how often you experience events through the television.


No. Even those, you're sitting in the building, you know? So it's really the same thing. I mean, I I, I don't pay any attention to the polls. I don't pay any attention. You really don't. But I, I really don't. But I, but I do think that there is something to this betting markets stuff, because people are, there's like real money. People are like laying down money since You brought it up there, KHI, am I pronouncing that correctly? Okay. We're looking at it right now on the screen. Donald Trump, 65%. Yeah. Kamala Harris, 35% dropping like a stone. Yeah. He's ascending like a rocket. That's meaningful, you're Saying? Well, maybe, I mean, the, the one thing I'll say about it is these are not yet mature markets. Yeah.


And so we're at a point where if somebody gets a wild hair and it's like, I'm gonna drop a million dollars down on this right now, they can swing it quickly. But I, I just think there's always something to be said when like, people are willing to put their money behind something and say like, I believe it's gonna happen. I'm gonna actually put some skin in the game. $284 million of skin in the game. That's right. That's right. So I think there could be something to that. I mean, we are seeing a little bit of data starting to trickle in here And there. And, and I'll say it looks favorable, but we're still at a point now where it's really hard to say what, what's gonna happen? Why do You ignore the polls? Well, I mean, how many times do they have to be wrong before you're just like, ah, you know, I don't even read 'em anymore. No, it's, I mean, I I've, one of the things that I took away from the time that I spent with you in Maine was when you were in Maine, it's not that you're completely cut off from the world, pretty cut off, but you were very selective about your consumption of information.


Yes. I, I would Say, and I have found that there is an, there is an inverse relationship between the amount that I pay attention to the news and my personal happiness. Yes. And, and and the accrued wisdom actually. That's right. That's right. So this is something you and I have talked about. I mean, there's, there is, there are reasons that things, wisdom that has stood the test of time. There's a reason it has stood the test of time. There's not a lot of what happens on cable news that ever stands to test of time. No. No. And so that's, there's probably something to that, that we should probably eliminate some of that. So I feel the same way about polls. I mean, my gosh, they were wrong in 2016. They're wrong in 2020. I think they're wrong now. What do think It feels like to work in cable news for 25 years and realize that nothing you've said on TV matters at all, or will be remembered by anybody or affected anything in any meaningful way.


It's gotta be a miserable existence. I mean, these, there's a look, Tucker, you know these people better than anybody. There's a reason. No, no. I'm talking about myself. Well, no, no, not you. There is a reason why these are the most miserable people on earth. Oh, they are. I mean, they are, I've known a lot of them personally now. Oh, I do too. And they are miserable, sad, depressed people who have a very difficult time finding any meaning in what they're doing. And so instead they chase a, it's, there's almost a drug, drug addict element to it where they're chasing the next I know little dopamine hit. I know. So like, oh, I got a mini scoop. What do they, what? I don't even know what a mini scoop is. A scoop lit. What is a scoop? It's a hot post. You know, and this is like the people that do like Politico playbook and these, they're the most unhappy people.


They're miserable people. Ever Miserable. I could name the number of happy ones. On one hand I knew I lived next to Andrea Mitchell for years. Unhappiest person Dan Bash. I worked with her unhappiest person. It's like, yeah, you just get down the list. Like, who's happy? I don't, I don't know. They're Also the least self-reflective people I've ever met in my life. And that would actually do them some good to like have a little bit of self-reflection about this. Because that's where you, you find meaning and happiness by like reflecting on the things that you are doing and have done and trying to extrapolate meaning from them. Like what do, what should I think about this? And there are a couple that I will say is very interesting. And you and I know them. I won't say their names, who are wrestling with that right now and have been like, in an existential crisis. Oh yeah. That they're like, why does anything, nothing I'm doing matters.


That's right. And the people I work with are miserable. And I look at the people who are 10, 20, 30 years ahead of me in this career track. And they're all miserable. And maybe this isn't what I should do with my life. I don't know. I mean, there's something to be said for you and what you've done. Wait, I I I'm sorry to interrupt this. Do it. I'm shocked and thrilled Florida voters reject ballot measure legalizing recreational marijuana use. I did not. So the, the pro drug people spent more money in Florida on this. I think more than, you know, any ballot measure in the history of Florida. They were everywhere. And in general, voters tend to sign off on legalizing weed. Why do you think they rejected this?


IIII do think that there is this, there are these patterns in public life. There are, there are backlashes to certain the the pendulum swings. Yes. That's right. And it, and it always, it, it swings like a pendulum. It swings hard and it swings hard. And then it kind of, there's some stasis in the middle. And I think we've experienced too much of a swing too fast dramatically to the left Yeah. On this issue and many other issues. That's right. And you're about to see a, a serious backlash to that. I'd like us To see us go full Singapore on the question. I mean, it's really destroying the country. And I, and I smoke weed every day in my childhood. So I was always for marijuana. But watching, watching what it's doing to young boys right now, I, I feel like people need to go to prison right away.


Hmm. I mean, it's really destroying them. Like actually to a ask them, by the way, if you're around 18-year-old boy college freshman, you know how many people do you know, who've been wrecked by dab pens? Hmm. And they'll tell you. And people are getting rich from it. And they're crim. They're criminals as far as I'm concerned. So. Well, that's crazy. Did you expect that? I I haven't been tracking it. I haven't been tracking. Sorry. This is Something I Yeah. Just fixated on as a, as an anti-drug person. But I, I really think the Saudis get it right on the, on drug policy. I really do. Well, Trump has talked a lot about, you know, death penalty for drug king pins and that kind of thing. So I think he's on the same, same page On this side. Yeah. I mean, it's, okay. So Trump wins Florida by double digits. Again, probably not shocking, but if you take three steps back, pretty big change from a few years ago.


Yeah. And then the thing that also think I think about there is you're seeing people vote with their feet. So they're leaving places like California, they're leaving. And the concern has been these people are gonna leave California, move to Texas and Florida, and they're gonna vote like they still live in California. Right. And this is suggesting that people are not just leaving the places the left has decimated. That they are leaving the left. That's the way I read that. Well, it feels like there, to use an overused phrase, there has been a big vibe shift There has In that I notice it everywhere I go, just from the number of people who scream at me at airports, which is like down to almost zero. It's almost no screaming at airports now.


Which to step up crazy was what's going on was like in airport this morning, early waiting to be screamed at not one screamer. That's a little disappointing. Come I'm Kind, I stealed myself for screaming. I'd had two Dunking Donuts, large coffees. 'cause I was ready. Nope. Just a nice nurse came up and thanked me for my service. I said, I work in television, not really service, but Thank you. But I do feel like Elon getting involved is a big, big, big, big Factor. Well, there's, there's no doubt. One thing that I have noticed in the last, I mean I haven't been doing this a long time. I really, 2016 election cycle was the first time I was involved in a presidential, at the presidential level, even remotely close to that. And the thing that I have noticed, and it's specific to Trump, but it's also I think even broader than Trump, is the stigma that was attached to Trump personally.


Yes. And that was attached to being a conservative Yes. Is entirely gone. And In fact, being a conservative is now a, a full on counter-cultural movement because the left is, if you wanna be a rebel now you're a conservative. Oh yeah. I, I I if if, if you want to be a part of the establishment and you want things to stay the same, and you wanna be one of these elite, you know, whatever, then you're a, you're a leftist if you're in co if you're on a college campus right now, which used to be like the bastion of the left is a college campus. And granted still in our elite universities, you know, some of 'em are, if you go to most college campuses around the country right now, they're voting for Donald Trump. Oh, for sure. They've gotten the, the red MAGA hat on Boys and girls alike.


It, it is completely shifted. And Elon I think is a huge part of, of that because he exists in a similar way to Trump outside of politics in the, in the cultural zeitgeist in a way that, that politicians couldn't even imagine. No. And when a guy like that says, this is screwed up and I'm for, I'm for the guy that they're trying to kill. Yes. I, I think that that's moved votes in a, in a really meaningful way. I, I even see it in my pickup basketball games in, in, in my hometown in Birmingham, Alabama. People used to think it was a, it was, I was kind of a novelty that, oh, he worked for Trump. Like, what's up? What's that all about? You know what? And now I walk in, literally I walk in, they have ordered the Trump shoes and would like for me to get DJ t to sign them for them.


And this has all happened in the last couple of years. I believe that it's a huge five shift. I Believe that a lot of black guys in your game, a lot, A lot of black guys in my game. So that is a, That is a real shift. A real, and I never really believe Republicans are always talking, we're gonna win the black. No, no, you're not. But I have no, just in my life, just any, every black guy knows. Like not against Trump kind of. Yeah, no, totally. That that is real. A hundred percent. Well it's, it's now, you know, you don't wanna be stereotypical about people, but if you look out about a, across a mass of people and you think you can't have you, like, I wonder if that person votes for this person or that person. Right. Whatever. Right Now, if you see a middle aged unattractive white woman, they probably voted For 100% The Democrat.


100%. And if you see a young black male who has been a historic constituency of the Democrat party. Yes. That's a Republican now captive. That's a Republican now. I totally agree. And, and working class voters, same thing. If you saw a working class white voter in a trailer park, historically they would say the Republicans are the party of Wall Street. Of course, of course. And they don't care about me. And they probably voted for the, for for Democrats. Those are, that's our base. Now that's where I grew up. That's the, you know, I, in, in working class white America where JD Vance grew up, JD Vance is a picture of the shift in the Republican party. It's like an avatar for the shift that is happening in real time right before us.


Those people are Republicans now. And it's, and and I think it is, is a huge, it's a great thing for our party. It is a great thing for our Party. But what the I, well, like of course I couldn't agree more. I'm thrilled by it. And I think Trump has forced the party to pay attention to its own voters in a way that Mitch McConnell was never gonna do. One downside is though that the money is with the Democrats. 75% Yeah. Of the nation's wealth is held by Yeah. Biden voters. They're the overclass. Republicans are the underdog. Just a fact. Kamala Harris, one of your, your finance guys told me today, spent three times what? The Trump campaign? It was three to one.


Yeah. Oh. All in independent expenditures included. If Trump beats that, like what's the lesson? You're outspent three to one and you win. Like, don't we have to rethink? So I mean, that just seems like the biggest story ever told in politics. There's so many things about Trump that if you try to, if you try to think about someone, not him doing them, it is hard to imagine because they're larger than life personality. Yes. That were, were he not, that he would not have been able to break the machine the way that he has. Yes. But I think because he has broken the machine, it has shown a new way, it has shown a new path, a different way of doing things where you don't have to play by the same rules.


And, and you know, for better or worse, I, This is a communications game, right. And he's a communications master. Anybody who's gonna try to replicate what he has done and beat that system is gonna have to be an incredible communicator, that's for sure. But they're gonna have to be able to be willing to do it in a way that is not what is. So like let's think about the difference between MIT Romney and Donald Trump. They're obviously a zillion of them, but one of them, just practically speaking as a campaigner, one of them tried desperately to do no harm. I wanna make no mistakes today. Whatever I do, oh my gosh, I just don't wanna make any mistakes. The other said, I might make 10 mistakes today, but I'm gonna say what I actually think, I'm gonna say what I actually believe and I'm gonna bet that there are enough people out there that are gonna say, I like the authenticity.


That it's actually okay if I disagreed with two of the 10 things that he said, because I knew he actually meant it as opposed to the politician who tried to do no harm. Yeah. And it was a total fraud. That's the ultimate takeaway from Trump is authenticity is the whole, is the currency Now. So If he, last question, and you're the person to answer it. Since you worked in government at a high level in some of the more complicated parts of government, I think it's fair to say probably Trump gets elected tonight, let's say inaugurated January 20th. How does Washington respond? How do the agencies respond? I mean, every signal they've sent that I've picked up is we won't allow this, we will not tolerate this, we can't have this, the body will reject the transplant.


Period. So like, what happens? It, it's hard to imagine it not being that way. Certainly in the parts of the government that you're talking about way, I think it's gonna be a very, you're Talking about the meaningful parts, you know, the more secretive, the more significant parts, not the ag department, right. D-O-J-C-I-A, et cetera. Yeah. I think it's going to ultimately come down to when Donald Trump wins tonight, which I fully believe that he will, the people that he chooses to, to go in and represent his interest and the country's interest in those places are gonna have to have the biggest stones of anybody who's ever walked into those places before, Like Crazy. And, and, and not be, not be captured by the building.


Whatever the building may be. 'cause I saw this even last time, like a lot of people go in there with The best of intentions. Oh yeah. And then it, it, you realize how easy it is to just be like, you know what? I got the title now and I'm a big shot. And it's actually just better if like, let's just, if I walk outta here the day that I leave and it's the same as the day I came, that's not the worst thing Their constituents can't do that become, I mean, my dad worked in government, I saw this even as a child. The, the agency head's constituency becomes the employees of the agency. That's exactly right. Rather than Exactly right. The voters That's exactly than the country. Yeah. And they're, they're loyal. Like we don't wanna besmirch the reputation of whatever stupid agency he's running. Right? Yeah. F-B-I-C-I-A. Yeah. Like how do you find people who are, who are ballsy enough to, to go against that very, very natural Trend?


Well, I think the good news is we now have a little bit of a track record in 2016. You know, we didn't know what certain people are gonna do. Now you see who's been through the fire, you see what people are gonna do. The other thing I think that we have learned is often making a change that is, let's call it a 75% change, produces the, the same backlash as trying to do a 10% change. That's exactly. And so why are, why are we gonna be incremental about some of these things, right? They're gonna come for our throats no matter what on this stuff. Well, at least we could do is like, make it a meaningful change and make it worth it. And I think that's the mindset that we gotta have. If we get the opportunity, opportunity. I, I mean this, I mean this, you know that, I mean this, the fact that you're involved in this effort makes me feel a lot better about its chances of success.


Thank you. I mean that. So Thank you Cliff Sims. It's great to be here. Great to see you. Thank you.


For 35 years, Liberty Safe has been the number one manufacturer of safes made in this country. American made from start to finish. They make high quality gun safes. I've got one vault doors, home, safes, handgun, vaults, whatever you need to protect the things you value. And again, I can tell you from personal experience, these guys know what they're doing. I use Liberty Safes for the things that I don't want stolen, the things that really matter. My father's shotguns, the documents that I've gotta have and a lot more, I'm not gonna tell you what else, but you need one. Prime rates are way up. And if you have anything you would like to protect, that you need to protect Liberty Safes is the way to do it. Now, Liberty Safe has over 350 dealers nationwide who specialize in delivery and installation and answering any questions you have. If you've got somebody to protect, they've got a way to protect it. Visit liberty safe.com, pick out what you need and be sure to use the code Tucker at checkout to let them know that we sent you, they'll take care of the rest. Liberty Safe is a product we fervently believe in with Liberty Safe, you are always protected.


So one of the big things I think that's different about this run Trump's third run for national office is that he's not doing it alone. There is an army of people around him. Of course, there in some sense always has been, there have been a lot of disaffected voters who felt they're not being represented by their leaders who cluster around Donald Trump. But there weren't a lot of really, to be blunt, successful people from say, business around Donald Trump. Almost all of them are too vested in the current system to join him publicly. And that has just changed in a huge way. Most famously with Elon Trump, Elon Musk. But I would say right behind him is his friend who got there first.


David Sachs, who joins me now. David, Thank you very much. Hey, Good to be here, Tucker, For coming on. So you have been a pretty, and, and I should say David Sachs is like a huge figure in tech world on the West coast, San Francisco, south Bay. And you've been a, you know, pretty consistent voice for conservatism, well, since you were at Stanford, I think. But you have, you know, I think you were the first person at your level in your world to come out and say, I'm voting for Donald Trump and here's why. Why did, first of all, why'd you do that? And what was the experience like? What was the reaction that you got? Well, the, I I guess, you know, one of the things that I did if starting a few years ago was I started doing this podcast, you know, the All in podcast?


Yeah. We started doing it pretty much at the beginning of Covid, I guess it was in early 2020, just me and a few friends from the tech world, you know, f fellow investors. And so we started doing this weekly pod. And when you do a podcast like that, you just kind of have to say what you think. Otherwise you gotta, why'd I never understood, first of all, yeah. I say I didn't get significance until I went on it. And then every person I'd ever met watched it. I, I just didn't understand the reach of it. But yeah, if you wanna, if you wanna reach, you know, successful people, you do the All In podcast, I learned. But why did you do that? You've already got a lot going on. Why did you start that podcast? You know, we just sort of did it for fun. There wasn't really a huge plan behind it. It was just, you know, we were all kinda locked in our houses at the beginning of Covid.


It was really extreme in California. Yeah. You know, we couldn't do anything and so we just decided to do this, this podcast. So it kind of happened organically. You know, a couple of my friends, we, you know, we all played poker together and the original idea was, it'd be kind of fun if we were just to like, have cameras recording us playing poker. We, that wasn't practical, but we just started, you know, recording our conversations over Zoom and putting them out and the thing kind of caught fire and became a little bit of a sensation. Well it certainly did. And it a sensation in a very specific way. Like you were speaking to an audience that was not reached by Trump, basically. Yeah. And I sense a lot of your audience had like heard of Trump. They knew they were supposed to hate Trump.


Yeah. But they're kind of absorbed in their business. I mean, that's my sense, right? Yeah, no, it's, first and foremost it's a podcast about business, right. Markets, technology and politics. But really it's about whatever the big issues are that week. And So it's, you're probably like the first person your audience respects they'd ever heard endorse Trump. I guess that's what I'm saying. I think, yeah, I was a gateway drug for a lot of people. Wait, can I just interrupt you? So we're just looking at these Virginia numbers. Virginia is a, basically a democratic state thanks to the federal government, thanks to Northern Virginia, which is a wasteland, I should say, with a Republican governor. And yet Trump is tied as of right now with 41% in, in Virginia.


He's down by one 10th of a percentage point, but he's basically tied with, with Harris. This is kind of amazing. Yeah. I think Virginia was a plus 10 state for Biden. Yeah, Right. Was it actually plus 10? Yeah, I think it was plus 10. And then, you know, I remember that number because when Youngin won the state, it was such a big, you know, upset that he could overcome, you know, what had been a 10 point deficit. So yeah, look, if Trump is running even ish in Virginia, that's great. Yeah. I mean, I mean it's 41%, so, so who Knows? And I don't know where they're from. I mean, that's one of those states where, you know, its components have nothing in common with each other. Southern Virginia has nothing in common with Central Virginia, certainly Northern Virginia, nothing in Commonwealth, Southwest Virginia, et cetera.


You can see what a weirdly shaped state it is. So you, you, you come out for Trump and you just basically say, I'm for Trump. And you say that to a bunch of people who I suspect think they hate Trump. Yeah. I mean, What's the response? Well, I think that it hasn't been as negative as it was I think in 2016 or or 2020. I think that in fairness, there were a couple other folks who were trailblazers going back to 2016. I mean, Peter Thiel in particular Yes, for sure. Really was kind of far out there when He endorsed, well he spoke at the RD in 16. Yeah, yeah. That was a big, that was a big deal. And he, I think he took a lot of slings and arrows for that, I think by the time that I did it.


Yeah. I probably was one of the first people this cycle to do it. But a lot of people ended up kind of following, you know, and ended up, you know, at one point I tweeted a list of kind of major figures in the tech industry who had endorsed Trump and it was like 20, 25 people. So there was a lot of people who came on board. And then obviously Elon coming on board was a huge deal. And he's gone. He's gone. Wow. Huge deals have not. Yeah. I think, look, I think that one of the reasons why so many people have come on board is, 'cause the last four years have just been so bad. It's just been so egregious. I mean, Biden and the Democrats came into office promising a return to normalcy.


This is what they called it. What did we actually get? They opened the borders. I mean, just totally inexcusable. There's no justification for that. They gave us trillions of, of reckless spending, you know, And they wanted more, remember build back batter was originally supposed to be something like 6 trillion, then it was four and a half trillion. Eventually they got it, I think seven 50 billion plus all the other trillions, the inflation reduction act and all the rest. So we had that massive inflation. We had the, the, it's the lawfare and the censorship I think alienated a lot of people in our world. You know, because this is so fundamentally un-American to prosecute your political opponents.


I think this is the thing that kind of made me want to kind of go all in. Well, I mean, yeah, I was conservative before and I would've supported Trump or whoever the Republican candidate would've been, but it made me wanna do so much more to see that Trump was getting prosecuted. They were trying to put him in prison, they're trying to bankrupt him. They're going after his kids. I mean, it was just beyond, are He a rapist when he didn't anybody. It's just beyond the pale. It's, and then, you know, and then it, they started going down the line. It wasn't just Trump. You can see what they're doing with Elon. They're prosecuting his companies now, or, or the government's got all sorts of investigations into his companies, mainly because he restored Twitter X to being a free speech platform.


So political retaliation is just now part of their playbook. And if you let them get away with it, if they win this election, they're gonna keep going with that. The only way they stop is if they lose, and then they have to reconsider whether these tactics are alienating people. But if they get away with it, they're like, Hmm, okay, this seems to be working. Let's just keep doing more of This. And it, they're, they have the temperament of animals. Like they, they don't believe in sportsmanship or fair play. And so once they start winning, they get blood on the tongue and it makes them more vicious. I have noticed that. Yeah. It's vicious. So last question. I know you think about this a lot since you're in the tech world, but like, can they, social media, if Trump wins, it'll be because of social media, new media.


Yeah. There's no doubt about it. You know, doing Rogan's endorsement is more significant than any other endorsement other than eons, I would say. Can they allow social media to stay open in the way that they are particularly x to stay open? Well it's, it is a giant loophole in their control of the legacy media. Yeah. And it's such a big loophole that it kind of threatens that whole like, superstructure that Yes. Has been created or has been revealed. I think one, one of the things that's been most interesting about the last, I dunno, let's call it eight years, has been that, you know, initially when, when Trump first won, it was because of, of issues.


You know, it was, it was, you know, kind of, you could call it the old Pap Buchanan issues. It was the border. It was freight. Yes. It was the Forever Wars. And Trump sort of pulled that sword out of the stone and used it to slay the Bush Family Dynasty and then the Clinton family Dynasty. And if Washington had just taken the note, if they had just said, okay, we need to make an adjustment here in our policies, then the whole country would've been different. But that's not how they reacted. They said, we have to stop this no matter what. Even those, what did Trump really wanted to do? He just wanted a wall And he wanted to pull our troops outta wars. We were losing anyway. But that was just totally unacceptable to them. And they reacted with Lawfare, with hoaxes, the Russiagate Oaks, the scan demic, they ba and, and it was a, it was a collaboration of not just the Democratic party, it was the Democrats and the whole legacy media running, you know, the Russiagate hoax and the administrative state and the security state.


So, you know, what I think happened is that the opposition to Trump revealed itself to be something much greater than just, you know, a candidate. It's kinda like, you know, to you, you, you talked about in one of your, your speeches how this was like the hero's journey. I mean, act one was sort of him, you know, winning the presidency. Act two was the Empire Strikes Back. And I, it reveals something about our government, that our government is not just the, the, you know, it's not just Trump versus Hillary Clinton or, or Joe Biden or Kamala Harris. No, it's about this larger, they, they're really just a avatar for this larger superstructure, this this marriage of, of sort of the, of government, the permanent government, the administrative state, the legacy media, the Democratic party, and then all of their various, you know, affiliates.


Whether it's, you know, the big tech platforms that are engaged in censorship or the Hollywood celebrities who are always endorsing. So we kind of learned that we are up, we, I think we learned something about the nature of our government that, that we didn't know before. I think, and this is why I think it's so important about this election, is it's not just about Trump versus Kamala Harris. No. Who's being The president? No. It's gonna be about how we're ruled. I mean, are we basically ruled by these, these entities, these corrupt entities who are pretending to be a fair media or a neutral administrative state, but really are in cahoots together to, they're, they're kind of, it, they're, they're kind of a, a, a, a ruling class or ruling party.


That is, it, it, it's, it's really the enemy of democracy. I mean, it's, it's, it's not, they claim to be democracy, but they're, they're kind of the enemy of it. It's basically a bureaucracy. Elon tweeted a really funny meme today where there was, someone took a, a, a clip of all the legacy media types talking about the threat to democracy and had AI replace the word democracy with bureaucracy. Yeah. And it made perfect sense. Well, it made perfect sense. They've Just redefined the term. Yeah. If Kamala Harris can claim to represent Joy, a woman who kissed her own husband with a mask on, then the Democratic party's about democracy.


David Sachs. Yeah. I think if Trump wins it, it'll be in part due to you and your bravery. So I just wanna Thank you. Well, Thank You. Let's, And I hope he does that. I'm still around. We can go celebrate. Yeah, for sure. Thank you. Thank you, Tucker. So, among the many members of this new coalition, sort of look ahead, you know, who's gonna run the Republican party in 10 years, is someone else from completely outside of politics who I don't think had any plans on getting into politics. And who joins us now, Vivek Ram Swami, who's really, you almost never see, this is not flattery.


It's real. You almost never see anyone run for president, lose and become enhanced. It's like everybody runs, you know, Jeb Bush, who was widely regarded as a really smart guy until he ran for president, we realized he's actually kinda stupid. Everybody who runs and loses Ron DeSantis, poor Ron DeSantis, I'm not attacking him, but he was diminished. You were enhanced. I'm not quite sure how you did that. Well, but it was amazing. Well, Thank You, man. I, it's true. No, it's true. I also hope that I'm not running the Republican party 10 years from now, because our country's in great shape in about four years, maybe in about like one year. And, and we can all find other productive things to do beyond this, this world of politics. But that's, I think, you know, I don't wanna get ahead of ourselves, but it's feeling pretty darn good there.


Well, it Is. And I, and I hate to turn to, well, I guess now that I no longer work for a TV network, I can turn to whatever I want. Yeah. But I hate to go turn to fake numbers. Yeah, yeah. But in the absence of real numbers, let's dive into the fake numbers for a moment, if you don't mind. Yeah. Fine. Here. The Wisconsin betting odds. Did I really just say that I feel so Low. Think, be think betting odds are a better place to look than these. It's probably full numbers. The A, b, C Ipsos Paul. Yeah. Okay. We are now on the question of who will win the election in Wisconsin for president. We are Donald Trump, 56 Carmela Harris. Kamala Harris, 44. Oh. And it's changing even as we speak. 56, 44. Well, it's readjusted. Whatever It was like, it was like, that was as of like 10 minutes ago or something.


Right? It's like, it's rapidly Changed, I think seconds ago. Yeah. So you think he's got a shot at Wisconsin? Yeah, I think so. And I think we'll know Wisconsin probably before Pennsylvania, based on how long they're actually saying the ballots are gonna take to count. So it might be a way, It an awful 'cause. Is it because Pennsylvania is such a long state? Yeah. I don't know that, that doesn't seem like a very satisfying explanation. Oh, okay. In the 2024, we're, we're able to catch is also a long state too, right? Yeah. It kind of is too. Right. We were able to catch rockets falling out of outer space returning to Earth, but we can't count some votes that are submitted in the same rates that we did 40 years ago. It's Actually, it's such an insult to the third world. Yeah. It actually kind of is, because the third world as well, you know, actually for all the stuff about Puerto Rico recently Yeah. I, I went to Puerto Rico. I actually, like Puerto Rico, spent a lot of time there And they did their elections really well.


Single day. Voting on election day. It's a holiday for the entire island. Yeah. Paper ballots. And they actually make you like that glass of water. It's like a die. You Oh yeah. Take your finger in. You make sure that they check it like an amusement park to make sure you don't vote at multiple locations. People trust the elections. They're secure, they get the results quickly. Oh, yeah. So everyone's got a purple finger. I've seen, I've Seen it. You know, I, I think that, I think that we could learn something from Puerto Rico and how they run their elections, and I think that we are the ones actually doing it. The, if A country that world Way right now Can't produce reliable electricity can have free and fair elections, then I think we can too. Well, I think that they're talking, we're going the other direction. They're trying to also make sure that we're not also able to prove electricity here. Right. Well, I think it's, it's just messing up our elections is the first step to getting to also not running our electricity by shutting down our coal mines and not fracking for natural gas.


But we're maybe about seven hours from, from changing that for the country. So Why would Barack Obama, and I'm sorry to be cynical, but I spent Yeah. You know, all eight years of his presidency in the United States, watching carefully. Why would he tweet out? Like it's, it's a great thing that it's gonna take days to find out who the new president is. Election I workers are heroes. Respect them, thank them. Don't share things before checking your sources. I'm trying not to use the f word on on YouTube, but like, how dare you, Barack Obama, you liar. Lecture me about accuracy and then let the process run. Its course it takes time to count every ballot. Well, not in India, it doesn't Oh, this came out today though. Yeah. So I think it's clear why this is coming out today.


Yeah. So Obama's telling us like, it, it's gonna take forever to, you know, we may have leaks in the pipes in Yeah. In polling stations. If Kamala actually was surging, this tweet would not have gone out. So it's, I mean, whatever. We all know it. Politics is a game of self-interest. They don't wanna look like fools at the end of this. If it goes longer, there's some probability that things could change in their direction. So, yeah. I mean, I think he's, he's tweeting according to his incentives. I think that that's, And again, not to Well, he is, you're exactly, you're exactly right. And I don't mean to feign shock. I've, I watched this guy for years, but have you ever seen an election go into overtime and the Republican win? No, not that I can remember. You've been around long. I, I don't think so.


No. Yeah, I, I don't think this one's going. I I think that, you know, Trump use this expression, I think it was smart, too big to rig. I think we are, it certainly feels to me on our way to get there. I mean, so Here's Chris Wallace. Here's someone I've never quoted. Chris Wallace is one of the most loathsome women in television. But let me just quote this headline, Sena and host Chris Wallace argues Kamala Harris would win, would be, quote, a miracle given exit polls. Well, I don't think a miracle is coming for her tonight. And, you know, I mean, look, I think that one of the risks, I mean, I feel, I feel really good about tonight and that's great. And hopefully wake up tomorrow morning, maybe even in, you know, we know that Donald Trump's the next president.


That's the start line. Right? And So if you look at just every way this machine, we just traced the last year, right? What is this machine tried to do civil suits first. Yep. Then criminal suits. Yep. Then extra judicial attempts to remove him from the ballot. Then more extra judicial attempts on his life. One, not one, but then two. So they've tried every trick and that hasn't worked, and he's still gonna win. It looks like. I don't wanna count on chickens here, but resoundingly, what's the next remaining step is to impede the administration. And there's multiple ways to impede it. You can beat it through the front door, You can impede it through the back door. And so I think that in some ways, this idea, and I think the little bit of the fame retreat, the psyop self-consciously, and all of this, even if we're not aware of it, is that somehow November 5th is like, yes, then we've done it.


Or November 6th we wake up next tomorrow morning, we think we've done it. And I think that's just us getting started. And I think the real fight Oh, that's right. In some ways either begins or continues. That's totally Right. And so that's kind of, I think the check that I Can ask you a personal question since, you know, we're on the internet, we can say whatever we want. Yeah. How did you wind up, you and Trump have such an easy relationship. He seems to like you, you seem to like him, you ran against each other, but you don't do the ass kissy thing that a lot of people do. I I can't. Yeah. Okay. But it, it, I mean, I watch like Mike Pompeo, who is like giving Trump a tongue bath every time. Oh, Donald Trump, your hands are so large, whatever. It's just like repulsive and it, transactional and false, obviously as Mike Pompeo is.


But you don't do that. You never kiss ass. You're, but you're direct and ni you just seem to get along. How, how did you Good so far. So you get along with the guy you ran against, I guess. Yeah. I mean, I, I think one of the things that I committed myself to in the race is the easy thing to do would've been to slam Donald Trump for something that he said that you disagreed with. Yeah. And for me, he actually was objectively The best president of the 21st century. And people said, how could you run against him and say that? Well, first of all, like, that's like the easiest thing you could possibly say. You got George Bush, Barack Obama, Joe Biden, and Donald Trump. So it sounded really great, but it's like, it's like the most obvious statement I could have made. And people said, oh, is he running as some type of, you know, Trump ally as in the race? So to the contrary, I think we started from a good place, respect The Supreme Court justice.


Yeah. The best caterer in Tajikistan, you Know, but, but he, that understates actually how good of a job he did. And I think it's our candor that allowed us to build a pretty good friendship afterwards as well. I've gotten, I knew him for a while, but we've only gotten into each other really well after I left the race this year. And yeah, I don't, I'm, I'm not a natural zco. And I think that Donald Trump actually appreciates having people around him able To, you know what? Able, you know what, I agree with that to speak And I respect him more because of that. 'cause that's not the media narrative that you get about him. But what I've seen is he's somebody who wants to be challenged. He likes to actually, you know, when he asks you for a question and you're just giving some sort of nodding response Yeah. That's not helping anybody versus sharing what your actual opinion is Now, you know, he and I, he'll, he'll, he'll bust my boss sometimes for, he'll say, ta you talk too fast or gimme a headache.


But he's joking around with me. And, you know, I think that that's part of what's made us have a a No, I think that's absolutely right. I think it's really insightful what you just said. Trump does love the butt kissers, but he likes the people who don't bust butt kiss even more. Actually, I think I actually, I actually, I think that's true. I think that's true and good for him. Yeah. Respect him more for it, man. So when do you think, I'm sorry to ask you about politics, but you ran Yeah, I know. Do you think we know? You know, I mean, so a I should tell you, there's a lot of things that I think I have authority on. Horse race politics stuff is absolutely not it. But I think probably tomorrow morning, I think Wisconsin, we know by tomorrow morning. So I think basically it'll go Arizona, North Carolina, Georgia, Wisconsin, and then that's basically game over.


So Pennsylvania still take a long time, and I think we're gonna win Pennsylvania credit to a lot of Elon and Scott Prestel and a lot of people who have laid a lot of groundwork there. Not necessarily the traditional party machinery, but the outside of party machinery that's laid a lot of groundwork there. It's Not the Traditional party. I mean, if you look at, look at Arizona, I'll give a lot of credit to Turning Point. I think they've done a really good job out there. Incredible. I mean, I visited them recently. The analytics were me too. Were really, I, I mean just like, as like a business person looking into the rigor with which they're running it there, and to some extent in Wisconsin too, I'll give Turning Point a lot of credit for those two regions as well. But who cares about who gets the credit for what? It's the objective. Well, It's interesting. No, it does matter. Matter because it's not the party that did it. It's not you learn for the future. Yeah. It's not the RNC, it's Charlie Kirk who's like Yeah. 30 and doesn't have a college degree.


And it's like, turns out to be better At running. Kind of a genius at this actually. I I, Yeah, absolutely agree with that. And, and I think a really good guy. But so that's meaningful though. So if the biggest players in all of this, you had no background in politics at all, right? Elon Musk. Totally. Charlie Kirk. I mean, these are just people like Donald Trump himself Totally. Who came from outside and have really do, do you think the Republican Party is permanently changed? Yeah, I do. I think that this is a redefining election. I think that's what makes this win even more exciting is that the Republican party to use a Kamala is we ain't going back. You know? Yeah. I think that that's, that's true here. And that will be one of the parts of this victory where like, I'm just thinking about, I mean, we're again here talking, let's just talk frankly, right?


Yeah. I was on the stage with a lot of people who were of an old garden variety stuffed suit Republican mold from the past. Yeah. And that's not take anything away from them. I mean, people come in the range of politics. That's what their career has been. I think the Republican party of the future is gonna be defined by people coming in from the outside who have a fresh perspective, who are able to speak hard truths to Democrats, but also to yesterday's Republicans as well. And we become, I hope this party of just practiced to evolution, right. We're just repeatedly evolving in a way that it doesn't become stultified doesn't just become tied up to dogmas. And this is something I've actually even, this is not to get too philosophical, but I don't wanna see the America First movement do what as NeoCon movement did for 20 years.


Which is, and I see some of this, right? You know, of course we're the party of the working class to some guy who like 10 years ago was saying something else, but doesn't know why he's saying it today. I don't want people saying things out of habit. No, that's right. Like, we want people who understand why they're saying them. And you know, people like Elon and people like Bobby Kennedy, who I respect, and JD is an outsider. Donald Trump was the ultimate outsider in this. I think that it's gonna take people coming from the outside who are thinking people who, by the way, all of us who I just named don't agree with each other on a hundred percent of issues. Right. And that's cool. But that I think is gonna be the character of the new Republican party going forward. It's New. And this really is going to, and this is a concern for me, wreck Mitch McConnell's retirement party, I think, you know what I mean?


Yeah. I I I just wasn't around in politics enough to know enough about that legacy to even care about it. So Lemme just, just bottom line it by saying, yeah, that's a good thing. Yeah. It just doesn't matter to me. Like Vive, I think we're gonna have a long conversation later this week. I'm looking forward to it when we're gonna know. I I really am too. Yeah. About what comes next. Thank you. Take it easy. Good to see you, man. Thank


you. We did an interview with a woman called Casey Means she's a Stanford educated surgeon and really one of the most remarkable people I have ever met in the interview. She explained how the food that we eat produced by huge food companies, big food in conjunction with pharma, is destroying our health. Making this a weak and sick country. The levels of chronic disease are beyond belief. What Casey means, we've not stopped thought thinking about ever since, is the co-founder of a healthcare technology company called Levels. And we are proud to announce today that we are partnering with Levels. And by proud, I mean Sincerely Proud Levels is a really interesting company and a great product. It gives you insight into what's going on inside your body, your metabolic health. It helps you understand how the food that you're eating, the things that you're doing every single day are affecting your body in real time. And you don't think about it. You have no idea what you're putting in your mouth and you have no idea what it's doing to your body. But over time you feel weak and tired and spacey and over an even longer period of time, You can get really sick. So it's worth knowing what the food you eat is doing to you. The Levels app works with something called the Continuous Glucose Monitor, A CGM, You can get one as part of the plant or You can bring your own, it doesn't matter. But the bottom line is big tech, big pharma and big food combine together to form an incredibly malevolent force pumping you full of garbage on healthy food with artificial sugars and hurting you and hurting the entire country. So with levels you'll be able to see immediately what all this is doing to you. You get access to real-time personalized data. And that's a critical step to changing your behavior. Those of us who, like Oreos can tell you firsthand, this isn't talking to your doctor in annual physical looking backwards about things you did in the past. This is up to the second information on how your body is responding to different foods and activities, the things that give you stress, your sleep, et cetera, et cetera. It's easy to use. It gives you powerful, personalized health data than You can make much better choices about how you feel. And over time, it'll have a huge effect. Right now, You can get an additional two free months when you go to Levels link slash Tucker. That's levels do link slash Tucker. This is the beginning of what we hope will be a long and happy partnership with levels. And Dr. Casey means,


all right, so nobody, nobody has done more live events. No one's been on the road more, no one has asked for less credit than our next guest, Donald Trump Jr. Don, how many events have you done? I, I actually don't know. I know October, 2020 I did 104. So I imagine I matched that maybe did a little bit more this time around. 'cause that was like peak covid and no one was willing to do stuff. So I, I can't tell if I did more or if I did a little less. 'cause it was more than just me on the road. But no, it, it feels really good right now, Tucker. I mean, I died two days ago, but you know, like, you know, it's just, you're like Joe Biden Right now.


It's, it's, it's caffeine. Nicotine. Testosterone and adrenaline. That's all I got. That's all I got. I don't have a pulse or a heart rate drugs, you know, it's Need SRIs or benzo. Screw that. Do you Have the drugs you just mentioned? I, I got the drugs. So Where, how does it, I I'm sure I've asked every person the same stupid question, but it is election night, so I can't control myself. I got you. I mean, where do you think we actually are? Listen, I've done this three times now. I feel this is by far, you know, the most comfortable I've been on election. I'm never comfortable, you know, me, I sort of function like I'm always three points behind. Yeah. Whether I'm 10 points behind or whether I'm 10 points ahead. Some of it looks really good, man, when I see, you know, the rural vote, you know, turning up when I see, I mean, we just won Miami Dade by 10 points.


Like that's, it's never been read, ever been read. We won it by 10 points. So Florida, you know, just a landslide if you Lost it by 30, right? Yeah. We lost it by 30 again, 16. And we won it by 10. A 40 point swing in, you know, eight years. That's pretty significant. Now, you know, that's a different demographic. Those are people who came from Cuba and Venezuela who are like, yeah, we don't wanna revert back to that. I don't know if that translates, you know, to the Hispanic population throughout the rest of the country. But, you know, something's definitely going on. It feels like, you know, North Carolina where, where we can actually have reasonable and fair elections where we have rules that aren't insane. You know, Florida, North Carolina, you know, we can do really well. I mean, Georgia's looking good right now.


And so it's gonna come down to, you know, one, one of the blue walls. I mean, do you Think it's fair to say that you're gonna do better in states with voter ID laws? I think without question. So what does that tell you? Well, because listen, there's a reason the other side doesn't want these things. I mean, it's not to preserve democracy, it's to preserve their ability to cheat more easily like that. Of course. Like no one doesn't believe that. I mean, I, I imagine in their heart of hearts, even Democrats understand that they're just okay with the results. I mean, you know, not exactly preserving democracy, but you know, that's always been a soundbite anyway. Right. So at what point will you know the outcome, do you think? You know what? I don't know. I, you know, I just want people to stay in line. I want them to vote.


You'll know tonight if it's decisive, if people stay in line, if our guys show up, what I don't want to do is give them an excuse to say, well, we're gonna count for two more weeks, so we gotta double check this. And then they show up with a, you know, a trailer full of ballots that are only filled in for The president. Because, you know, that's all they had time to fill in, in some warehouse, you know, outside of the district. But like, like I said, I mean, it's, it's by far The best I've ever felt going in. We just gotta finish this thing. How, looking back, I mean, it's not over yet. Yeah. But like, let's say it's three days from now and Donald Trump's The president again. What were the moments do you think, the pivotal moments in the campaign?


Man, there's so many. Yeah, there are. I, you know, honestly, the, the pivotal moments have been The craziest thing I've ever Oh, you take So Ohio. Yeah. I'll See though. I mean, now I'll be curious to see what that is. Hopefully we can grow. 'cause you know, the reality is I wanna also make sure we bring, you know, in Ohio, Bernie Marino over the finish line there. 'cause I don't want to, the presidency without the Senate and the House, I've been there. I've done well, Also Shared Brown in Ohio is the biggest fraud in the United States Senate. Of course. And really just a loathsome person. Well, actually it's probably John Tester in Montana. Well, he's done. I I hope so. And if Tim Sheehy pulls that off, I think that's great. But yeah, I mean, all these clowns they're running, Hey, I'm with Trump. I'm like, what? No, you voted to impeach him twice. You voted with Joe Biden 99% of the time. Like you're not with Trump.


But, you know, they understand where these people are, you know, and in those, you know, state races, you know, they're basically lying to them on, on TV on a daily basis. I understand it's politics, but it's just a flagrant lie. But Raina was up, there's the libertarian who I think his campaign was paid for by the Democrats of Wars. Oh, I'm, I'm sure it was always, it always is. So, yeah. By the way, if you say you're for workers and then led in 15 million people into the country, you're Not actually for work. No, We don't. We're Not. Or Americans or anything other than, you know, candidly abject chaos. Oh, totally. And, and that, but that, you know, that's the reality. Rather. It's, and that's what I don't understand about the Democrat party. 'cause they've shifted so far from their working class roots. Yes. You know, now it's like, you know, I don't know, rather than cater to, I don't know, like those working class people or like your citizens.


It's like, no, no, no, we're not gonna do that. We're just gonna replace them. Yeah. You know, and I know, you know, a few months ago that was really controversial, but it's like, what else? Well, what else could it possibly be? Like, why, you know, they, when, when they let in 20 million people and 600,000 of whom are criminals and 13,000 are murderers and $16,000 rapists, like, they know that these are Joe Biden's, you know, and Kamala Harris's. Well, Texas has been called, sorry to interrupt you. Yeah. And it's, it looks like Ted Cruz is gonna win big down there too. I don't know why Texas made me nervous. I mean, there are just so many illegal aliens in Texas right now. The, the, the problem, the, the real reality is, I, we've just flipped Hispanics over there. They're the people that are actually, and I, and I've done events down on the border and all of this and 56% reporting Ted Cruz at 51.3, Colin Redd.


I mean, the more money spent for Colin all Redd, like every, every actor in Hollywood sent money to Colin, all Redd. Well, and that was the same thing. I, I was with Ted Cruz, you know, back the last time he ran six years ago, you know, and I was with him on the bus, like, Hey, can you help us out? And you know, this is, you know, when it was still a little bit, you know, rougher. And we, you know, but we had a good relationship by them. And him and I sort of got along pretty quickly. He was, he was sort of quick to come around actually after sort a rough primary, It was Always bitter. Yeah, I know. And at 16 it was brutal. And then, you know, Tommy Hicks, my good buddy and I, you know, all my, because of hunting, basically all my friends, you know, half of my friends are Texas and they're basically like, Hey, you want to come? Which, what the hell is it? It was that Bill Crystal, like, I don't even know the name of the group anymore. They're so irrelevant. The hell is the name of that group that they have Bill Crystal's group.


I don't know, one of those rubber chicken think Tank like Washington DC Oh, Just like Hudson Institute or a EI or something. A EI, you know, it was their, their dinner. And I was like, I don't want to go to this. Like, I've no interest. They're like, no, you gotta come. And it was Ray Washburn and Tommy Hicks, And they basically stuck me at a table. And I'm looking around and everyone's sort of laughing and I'm like, I, I don't, I'm not, I'm like, why are they laughing? I look down And they like, the place card next to me is Ted Cruz. And this is like, you know, a month after that rough primary. It was pretty brutal. And so the Funniest primary ever, Oh, the Rafael Cruz Killing JK It was wild. It was wild, you know? And you know, we sat down and it's awkward at first, and we started talking and you know, at the end of this dinner, I, I was like, Hey, we, you know, Ted, we're all going back to the Trump Hotel back at the time when we had that in dc You wanna join us for a couple drinks?


And he was like, yeah. And you know what, honestly, you like really Ted Cruz with a couple of beers in him? I was like, was he is like super funny guy. Like we had a great time. He took every selfie that was asked him. Like we had a good relationship from that point. But I was with him. I guess it was 18 And that was even before the election. Oh Yeah, that was before the election. And so, you know, we became pretty friendly, you know, and then 18, he was like, Hey, can you come down? And we did like five or six events one day, like a week from, you know, his, his race. And he gets the, his like fundraising numbers and it was like $13 million. He goes, we just set the record ever for like an in-state race. Look at this. This is amazing. And you know, beta O'Rourke get got his number like three hours later and we just got out done with another event.


And like, we get the reporting like, like Bedo just did 33 million. And it's like, oh yeah. And that like, like he set the record And they tripled it plus like, kind of thing. And it was like, oh man. I mean that's, and that's what we're up against. And when you look at any one of these up Against right now, it's three to one. Oh, I, I believe your finance guy, then it was three to, you know, and when you think about it, this is not like some unknown race. This is a Texas senator in a Republican state getting outspent three to one. Some of these are five to one. Some of these congressional races, they're 10 to one. It, it's almost hard to believe, you know, we can compete, you know, against some of that insanity. And, and none of it's from instate. None of it represents the values of the people, people Who are actually coding. But I mean, I think the presidential race is three to one. Oh, I, oh, a hundred percent.


I mean, she, she spent a billion dollars. That's why when people were doing like, well they moved, you know, $2 out of North Carolina. I'm like that they really mismanaged their funds that badly that they, they gotta pull out 2 million out of a billion from North Carolina. So, but If someone, if a candidate's being outspent three to one and all the money is coming from Hollywood and finance, then that candidate, the one who's being outspent three to one, is the underdog in the race. Oh Yeah. This whole notion that Kamala Harris is the underdog. They're trying, I'm like Three to what? Three? What are you talking like, it, it, I don't Think I've ever read that Though. Oh, I, I've seen people push that. Like, like she's the underdog. I'm like, you No, no, But I but the fact that the Trump campaign is being outspent three to one and it's still winning is pretty crazy.


Yeah, no, it's, it's, it's, it's amazing what I actually, what I'd love to see, because like the country is a business in a way. Like give someone like, here's $200 million, you know, and come up with a lower number for the Senate. But like, you know, they're gonna spend 200 million against Tim Sheehy in Montana. Like, Chuck Schumer a 200, you know what, 200 million is in Montana. A a, a state of a million people with a cheap media market. Like, that's like, that's billions. You know, if you were spending it in, in a, in a bigger state, it's, it's insane. I, I'd love to see, you know, the presidential risk. Here's, you know, 300 million a piece. Like run it like a business. Do it efficiently. Like come up with, you know, like make sure people actually know. 'cause when you have unlimited funds, it's sort of like you Ukraine, right?


When you have unlimited funds, why would you ever get to the table? Why would you ever, no, it's, why would you ever like, do something smart? You know? I I, I'd love to see something like that. It's like inherited money. It's why they're all drug addicts, right? Yeah. It, it, it's, it's, it's disgusting. And, you know, when I think of the money that's blown on these things and then, you know, the, the special interests and this, and then everyone gets like, man, it'd be nice to cut some of that out and just be able to like, do what Americans actually want. Not what the guy that bought you for the last, you know, two years while you're running a presidential, you know, actually wants you to do. And so, yeah. I guess that's why they also hate Trump's. Like, he hasn't been bought. He definitely has Been. He doesn't, he doesn't care. He, you know, when when He goes to these fundraisers, I can them yell at these guys that are big donors.


They're like you. I mean, I, I won't even mention names. You, you'll know them. 'cause I'm, I'm sure you actually loath some of these people. 'cause I know I do. But I, I mean, I saw a couple times where, you know, they just sort of went really anti-Trump and then try to come back around And he doesn't even open the door, just, just talks to them like you would a petrol child. And I'm just like, well, you know, there's $25 million out the window. But man, it was worth listening to that because it's, well, I just watched that about an hour ago. I don't know if you were in the room with your dad, but there are all these big donors in the other room right there. Yeah. And he was joking with one of, it was a very famous one of the riches people in the world. And he starts making fun of him. Yeah. No, No. They Like, like ridiculous. Like, I don't think anyone has spoken to this billionaire that way ever.


And it was, it, you know, it was joking around, But it was this, this example that I'm talking about, like was not at all joking around and it didn't matter. Like, it didn't matter. You just see this guy and it's, you know, we're 12, 15, $20 billion just like walk away with like his tail between his legs. Now, now he doesn't give you the money, which you need to combat some of the stuff. But like, I was like, you know what, we probably could have deployed that capital, but man, that was worth it. Like, that was, that was The best 25 million I've ever seen just burned. I know. I'm like, bounce it with lighter fluid and set in a blaze. It was sort of like, so yeah, I, man, it, it, it was interesting like last night just, you know, being in Michigan at two o'clock in the morning watching an entire stadium still energized and invigorated and being like, sort of, you know, I think we went, I think we do great.


Like whatever it is. But it was like, man, that was sort of an end of an era like Trump on the campaign trail. I know, I know. I don't think we'll ever, I don't think we'll ever see that again. No. There's, you know, there's not enough personality in politics. There's not enough sort of, It's so overwhelming. I mean, the, You can, I met all these people who've been to, you know, I've been to 40 Trump rallies and it's like, why? And the answer is because they're so fun. Yeah. No, I mean, there, there are people that have been to over a hundred that I've said, and I'm like, I'm not sure. Like, I've been to a hundred like, like, you know, my theory on that when they're like, you know, I'm not the guy looking for credit. I'm not the guy like trying to be, no, you're not. It's true. I'm not the guy trying to be in the selfie. You know, like, and you know, politics, there's all these people like, well, why are you here? Like, you could actually do something if you were out of like, in all fairness, like you're adding, if Trump's in the room, like virtually no one else adds any value, right?


Like, it's like, no, I've, I've there. Yeah, no, that's, He'll be fine. He doesn't need your help. He doesn't need your like sage advice, you know, bullshit. You know? But you know, you still see a lot of that where they're just there to be in the background to be seen there. And I'm like, so I'm the opposite. Like yesterday, you know, I did wanna do the last day, yesterday was the only day in the entire cycle that I've spent with my father. Like, I just, you know, Was it fun? It Was great. But yeah, I, I'm kind of like my dad that way. I, I rather have the mic also. So it's like, you know, I'm sitting there at the end of four rallies, it's, you know, five 30 in the morning and I'm like, exhausted. And you know what? It's like, you know very well, you get up on the stage when we did our great event up in Jacksonville and there's like 17,000 people there. And I'm like, you get done.


It's like, okay, it's bedtime. It's like, yeah, I'm not gonna sleep for hours. It's like I'm just walking. Oh, hide. Now you Absorb some of that energy when the car, oh my gosh, you absorb that energy and like, you're not, so it's, you know, I'm looking at my dad, I'm like, and I honestly, I'm, I'm always impressed with him and you know, whether it's, you know, taking, getting shot in the face and coming back, defiant or just, but his overall energy, it's like, it's 6:00 AM he's been going since 6:00 AM 24 hours. He's had the, you know, thousands of people that he's been entertaining, you know, and you know, his ra it's not like a Kamala Harris speech, which is like seven minutes off a prompter. I mean, You can have a a 45 minute speech in the prompter, but he's up there for, you know, 120 minutes. It's like, no, it's, I'm like, for the love, love of God, like, so word. We, we, we did the first rally in North Carolina.


We got there relatively on time. And like, by the time we got done, we're like, well, we're already two hours behind schedule. I'm like, I'm not gonna get to sleep tonight. Like, and I'm gonna be on TV and radio all morning. So, you know, I, I pulled an all nighter, but you know, the guy's 78 pulls an all is doing TV all day, doesn't go to sleep at all. And I'm like, I don't even know that I, like, I don't have that at 46. Like it's, it's, you know, I'm like, well, Tonight he was in there. I don't know, you're probably working. But he was in there and the returns are coming up at the first, you know, the first tranche at seven, all his biggest donors standing around him. And he's doing this like play by play Yeah. In front of everybody. Yeah. Just for like 40 minutes. And it's hilarious. And he remembers everyone.


Oh. And he remembers when they got on board, especially, especially the guys that got on early. But it, it, the recall, you know, is actually amazing. You know, it like when they start doing the, like, the most offensive stuff I see was like, when they're like, well Trump's in the later stages of dementia and Alzheimer's. I'm like, you know, the same people that told you that Joe Biden is alive and well, I'm like, yeah, I don't, you know, it's been a weekend at Bernie's for four years, but you know, he really, you know, he gets it. And so, yeah, No, he's not, he's not in the later stages of dementia. No, I think it's fair to say, I mean, you don't have to like him, but he's not, he's not suffering from dementia. Yeah. Well you combine, but you combine just the full weight and force of the mainstream media, you know, a trillion dollar industry. You, you combine that, you, you add in, you know, big tech, you add in, you know, three to one outspend on it.


And it's like, it's hard. Like I feel like if I was a leftist, like we'd win elections by like 99.9 to like 0.01 and the 0.01 is like, people who just filled in the wrong circle or something like that. Like, it's actually hard to believe we can even be competitive. But that's how insane the Democrat party is today. I Gotta say, for me, there are lots of things I'm looking forward to if he wins, but Nicole Wallace's response has gotta be right to the top of the list. Like, oh, A couple of those, you know, just, you know, I I, I wanna like juxtapose them to like 2016, you know who Martha Ratt, the very, very unbiased moderator of the Hillary Clinton debate. She's the worst. She's there in tears on tv. I'm like, you think she's really like unbiased? You think there's even like a, a little bit. And you look at the, the way they've analyzed the coverage, you know, 93% negative against Trump, like 276% positive for Kamala Harris.


I'm like, like she hasn't even given you guys your policies. Like if you, like, it'd be one thing if like, hey, you, you excuse just overall, you know, lack of charisma. But like, she wouldn't even tell them their policies and it's fine, it's fine. Like, we'll, we'll figure out the policies on January 20th, we're In, they have no self-respect. It, It's brutal, right? Like it's, it again, it's, it's hard to believe that You can even have a close. But Nicole Wallace is just, or something about her. It's just, yeah, when I was a kid, I was a magazine writer and I went down to Florida to interviewed Jeb Bush on his education policy or he was like an idiot. But I was required to think he was impressive. And Nicole Devish, she was that then called, was the little gatekeeper.


I remember thinking, this woman's really stupid. Yeah. And really kind of nasty and self important. And then the next thing, I wake up and she's got a show on M-S-N-B-C and she's like the most dishonest weepies, just like sanctimonious. Don't you think that her like melting down on M-S-N-B-C will make all of it worth it A hundred percent? Like, you know, even, you know, 50 hours of congressional testimony for treason. Like, you know, like I, they're like, why'd you work so hard on this, Don? And I was like, well, 'cause I don't want to end up in the gulags next. Yeah. I mean, you and I would have fun if they put us next to each other. That'd be fun. Separate us. But, you know, it, it's, it's insane. But no, that's, it's interesting when you, with the media, with politics in general, you know, I came from the business world, like yeah.


You know, like there are you, you don't just get lucky, you know, in business You can get lucky once, but like the guys that have 40 year careers, like they're impressive people. They, politics, media, they're actually incredibly unimpressive. And, and it's sort of amazing. It's sort of what I love about what's going on right now when you have like, you know, my father and you have, you know, Vek and you have a JD who, you know, in all fairness, I, I think I, I get, I should probably get a little credit for just kind of taking on the billionaire donor class that wanted their puppet vp. And If only people knew how much credit you deserved for that. So that was a heroic, And that I don't as much, but I was like, I'm all in on this. Was like, That story will never be written. But that was one of the great moments in the any politics I've ever seen.


And I've seen a lot of politics, You know, you know, that was, you definitely exerted. I am insert 10000% of my political capital. I may get like, I I may get a favor from my father in like 2076. You know, I, I used it all, but I, you know, it was, it was great after the debate. 'cause I, and it Actually worked out. He turned out to be amazing. Oh. Just ama you know, listen, if, if I go all in, it's usually like I feel really strong. I don't, I don't go all in often. There's not a lot of things I'm sort of indifferent. Like I'll work around some of the bad stuff. Right? This was one that was like, it, it was really important to me. And like, but There have been like no hiccups. It's No, well, you know, honestly it was, it's sort of interesting. I've had like a lot of these like sort of Republican donor class people come up to me, which is really stupid of them by the way.


But they're like, you know, Don, like I was m fing you for like three weeks about that decision 'cause I really wanted an X, Y, Z. And then I'm like, you really shouldn't tell me that you were doing that behind my back. You know, like, I appreciate the candor now, but I'm like, you know, that like, I don't know, like I'm gonna remember that. Like, it's like, but they're like, but you were right. And then, you know, and the only one that mattered, I wanted my father to be happy. But you know, it was after the debate, you know, my phone's blowing up in my pocket and I figured it was pressed or why I'm doing the spin room for like two hours after the debate and you know, doing all this, my phone cue. I'm just like turning off my phone, turning off my phone. And it was like, I had like 12 missed calls from my dad. I'm like, oh boy, you know, that's usually not great. And he just gets on the phone, He goes, you know, Don, you know, I did that for You Don.


But, but that was a 10. And that like, you know, like a huge win in Trump world is like a six, you know? And so when he was like, that was a 10 that, that's as close to a 10 as you're gonna get. I was like, okay, we did, we got it. But you know, he was watching him even that first week as the narrative. They were trying to crush this guy And they would've tried to crush anyone. I understand that. Oh yeah. But you know, they're trying to crush him. And I just watched him on the Sunday shows, do three in a row, just absolutely dismantle the narrative. 'cause our problem on our side is like everyone's, so they wanna be loved by these people who literally hate their guts. Oh yeah. You know, we joke about the gulags, but they would gladly put any one of us anyway if they could just snap their fingers and make it happen. And, you know, it was, it was watching that where JD didn't just take their, you know, January 6th was an insurrection.


Okay. It was an insurrection, but you know, it, it wasn't as like, it's like, no, this is ridiculous. Like, what are you talking about? And just absolutely crush these people. And, and it's because no one's ever pushed back. I know. It's not that they're smart, it's like people want to get invited back on the show so they concede so much ground. So, you know, you're starting a negotiation with already less than you're even hoping to get. And it's like, well how, like why would you do that? And he is been one of the first people to really break the mold on that and just sort of, you know, not, not just accept the narrative blindly and, and push back. So it, it's been awesome to say like, And he explain himself smart. Well he can explain himself. And for me, you know, again, there, you know, politics has not been like an upside business for us. It's not a business for us at all. It's, it's cost us billions of dollars.


Yeah. But like, I believe in this stuff. And so to know that there's also someone, like we have a bench. There's a, there's a future of the Republican party. It's not like now it reverts back to MIT Romney and whatever it may be. And like, that was fun. See you guys later, you know, America first is, is alive and well. And you know, seeing a Vivek and seeing some of these other guys come up there and now step out and, you know, just absolutely dismantle that establishment class day in and day out. You can just see like truly impressive people actually on our side for a change. And I'm like, this is, this is the way, And I gotta say I feel personally vindicated because I've told you this many times, but I remember five years. They're like, oh, Donald Trump's so stupid. I was like, no, actually Don's the smartest guy in, in the orbit and actually understands politics on a gut level way better than anybody else in the Whole Yeah.


You had a bad news cycle for that. I remember that. I was like, wow, that was pretty cool. Like said, Well it's, well it's true. And they went after you pretty hard. But I said that 'cause it's true. And I think now it's very obvious that it's true. So congratulations. I think you've been vindicated and I, and I mean that anyway. Thank You. Now we just gotta win. Now we just gotta win. Good luck, man. I appreciate it. Hold on. Younger voters, narrowly going for Trump. 18 to 29 in Michigan are going for Trump. That is crazy. Young people for Trump, You know, it's, it's man, I see so much stuff. Like if you, if you break it down per capita, like, I, I actually in the last like two, three months, like I've taken per capita more selfies with like black men than, than any other group. Exactly. You know, it's, you know, there there is a shift.


Like no one's buying the nonsense anymore. You know, it doesn't mean, you know, it doesn't mean this is it, but it, it just, it feels so good because of that. It's like, it's not, you know, the old white guy in a MAGA hat anymore. It's, it's a big deal. Baldwin County flipped it for us. Huh? Trump flipped Baldwin County. It's 41% black. He's the first Republican to win in 20 years. Amazing. Amazing. Listen, we just need this stuff to translate through. We need, we need that to translate through in the, you know, in the blue wall and pick off one of those. And I feel like we have a pretty good night. 93 more electoral votes necessary. So yeah, I mean, we haven't gotten to the west coast yet, so obviously, you know, she's gonna make up some gains in Washington, Oregon, California, all that.


Like I'm thinking he is gonna do pretty well in Montana, Idaho, Utah, Arizona and Nevada. Maybe Nevada. Yeah, I mean, yeah, Nevada. I mean it was interesting Nevada on the ground, it, you know, obviously the Democrats, they've owned that for a long time. That's the Harry Reed machine and everything like that. There we are there. I was there a lot and it, it felt pretty good. The Betting markets have them at 71% With 290 million million at in play. That's, that's a lot of money. Yeah, It seemed be a little harder to steal it at this point, but we'll see. Yeah, Well, you know, it's not, people are watching. I, you know, I, I never gave, you know, the RNC much credit prior to this, but they, you know, Michael Watley, the whole team, like these guys, you know, lower, like they, you know, it, they got real people on the ground. They got real poll watchers, they got lawyers. So when something started happening, you know, it doesn't mean they're gonna catch everything.


But like before we were just like, okay, like You can just print some ballots and fill 'em out and make up the difference. You know? Doesn't mean that won't happen yet. The Democrats, they're man, they're vicious and they're evil and they're crafty. So they'll, you know, they'll, they'll change the game. We're usually reactionary. They're a little bit more proactive to get ahead of these things. But you know, it, it, it feels good that we actually have people on the ground. The second something went we're they're on it. They got lawsuits filed, they got lawyers on the ground, they got people actually watching this stuff, you know, so it's exciting to see. All right, I'll find you. I appreciate it buddy. See you. Thank You Don. Good to see you, man.


So every year when Apple releases the overpriced new iPhone, the big carriers play the same old game. Sign up now, next two years. Some big cellular contract. Get a free iPhone. Well, what do you give up in return? A lot. Don't fall for it this time. Choose Pure talk With Pure Talk. You get great savings on the new iPhone 16 and you still get an affordable data plan that fits your needs on America's Most Dependable 5G network. Stop falling into the same trap and paying for unlimited data that you're probably not going to use. Pay for what you use with Pure Talk for just 25 bucks a month, you get unlimited talk text and five gigs of data. That's more than enough for most people. It's not enough for, You can buy more, but it probably is. So why pay for something you're not going to use with Pure Talk? You don't have to. It's proudly veteran led and its entire customer service team is right here in the United States, the country that you live in. So everyone can understand each other pretty well and they're responsive. No contract, no cancellation fees, 30 day money back guarantee. Pure Talk is easy to switch to. The average family saves almost a thousand bucks a year when they switch, try it. Go to pure talk.com/ Tucker and you'll save an additional 50% off your very first month. That's pure talk.com/ Tucker. Switch your cell service to a company You can be proud to do business with.


So this election is being closely watched by everyone in the United States, but it is maybe even as closely being watched by the rest of the world for whom a lot hangs in the balance. Nagel Farage is the head of the UK Reform party. He's the author of the Brexit movement. It's Prime mover, really someone who will be tied in history, I think with Donald Trump forever. 'cause Brexit happened just as Trump's can as he was taking off. He joins us now, national. Thanks so much, Tucker. Pleasure to be here. So I'm not gonna ask you to predict electoral totals in a system that the country you don't live in. But tell us, I mean, is it an overstatement to say that the rest of the world is watching this really, really carefully.


Oh, you bet. Your life. I mean, this is, this is big. You think it's just about America? No, it's much bigger than that. It's about leadership of the Western world. It's about what signal gets sent to dictators all over the world who are launching wars, causing problems, whether we talk Middle East, whether we talk Ukraine, whether we talk potentially what might happen with China, Taiwan, et cetera. This is, I I tell you something, this is a very, very important moment. Just, I mean, just think in the last four years, what has happened around the world. I mean, the Abraham Accords, which were, I thought in foreign policy terms, the most stunning achievement of the Trump administration. How on earth, he didn't get the Nobel Peace Prize for that.


I really don't know. That's been smashed to pieces. The Biden withdrawal of the last 3000 American troops from Afghanistan, and by the way, all they were doing was training, you know, the Army who were going out there fighting, not been a single American soldier kill for the previous 18 months. What happens, Biden withdraw withdraws, leaves behind $85 billion worth of Prime America military equipment. Insane. And Putin says, you guys are weak and goes in to Ukraine. So if you think how much has gone wrong in the world, how much more dangerous the world is now than it was four years ago, this really matters to, I Mean, Tony Blinken and Biden, to the extent he's been involved, but the entire team have been spreaders of global chaos to an extent.


I, we, we just haven't seen in my lifetime. And the most telling fact, I, I'm not even sure what to make of it, but I know that it is true, is that both the Arabs and the Israelis seem to be rooting for Trump. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, Well, I don't even know what that means other than why would the Arabs and the Israelis, I mean, I, I think I know that that's true. Certainly it's for the public opinion. Polling in Israel is like overwhelming for Trump. Okay. Yeah, we know that. But you know, everyone I know in the Arab world is a lot of people are all rooting for Trump. Well, why is that? It's because they want stability in the world. This is too crazy. It's scary. Everybody. The brink. Also, what's interesting, and, and by the way, what we're seeing tonight with the Trump vote is a new coalition emerging in American politics, and one small part of that Is that pretty obvious, even from the uk, that's Happen.


Oh, well, you say from the uk, but don't forget, Tucker. I mean, you know, I, I started working for American companies in 1982. No, I don't mean I, You know, you know more about American politics. I'm fairly chance. I know. But what was interesting was to see when he was in Michigan, I Mars coming up on the stage with Trump. And people think, how, why? Well, because of course, the many people in the Muslim religion are naturally quite small, c Conservative. They believe in the family. They believe in Murder. And then the Hasidic community in New York is out for Trump. Yeah. Yeah. It, I mean, well, it's Just kind of crazy. This is all part of, Both sides are for Trump, This coalition. What? Yeah. And African Americans. African Americans voting, yeah, voting for Hitler.


It's amazing, isn't it? You know, I mean, You know, It's incredible. No, It's, it's, I hadn't even thought of it, but that's such a smart point. So you have, you have Arabs and Israelis. You have rural whites from north Georgia in the mountains, and then young urban black men in Atlanta. Yeah. All for Trump. Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and, and Gen Z, gen Z young people. Really interesting to see. There's a massive change going on here. It's huge. And, and can you believe amongst young people, and I'm getting this on my side of the pond as well, amongst a lot of young people, suddenly to be conservative is cool. Oh, yeah. It's trendy. It's fun, it's exciting, it's real, because it links into ambition.


It links into bettering yourself. It links into what is wanting to sort of succeed in the world. Now. This, this new coalition that has formed over the course of these last few months here is, is remarkable. And actually, I think after the win tonight, and I'm, I'm still feeling very bullish about the outcome after this, there is a chance to build something that could last, I think, for many years. Amazing. Last question. Do you think it does seem like Kamala Harris, and I understand how the Democrats sort of boxed themselves in with Kamala Harris. I don't think that they would've chosen her if they'd had a right, if they were able to sort of plan ahead.


But the idea that Kamala Harris is like the most impressive person in a country with 350 million people to lead the most powerful country, the lies that the media are telling us, they seem too preposterous, actually. Like, maybe they just went too far. Maybe there's a lie that's just too absurd. And that's why they collapsed. Well, Hang on. The whole thing's been absurd. I mean, the last four years they've been absurd. I mean, the fact you've had a, a, a president, you know, there's an openly obviously senile president. Was that obvious to you? Oh, goodness gracious me. I mean, I can see it on day one. I mean, it was, I mean, the whole thing. I mean, What did you think? Like you're sitting in London, well, I'll tell you what, and you're watching this, what you Think, tell what, what does the world think? Well, that's What I'm asking. What does the world think? We think what earth has gone onto America?


How can they have sunk to the depths of having a man like this, leading them, and at the same time making the whole world a more dangerous place? And yet, mainstream media covered it all up. Harris for sure covered it all up. So, yeah, I mean, I mean, the whole thing's been an embarrassment really, hasn't it? But, but, but, but, so I mean, it's unbelievable. But also on the coalition, there's been a coalition of leadership as well. This, I mean, clearly Donald Trump is way head and shoulders above everybody else. He's like, you know, in British terms, the king, you know, he's there in British terms. In British terms, obviously, because we wouldn't wanna mention that here, be too difficult. But suddenly you've got a Kennedy, I know, a Kennedy Backing Trump, and then you've got Elon Musk backing Trump.


And this is all part of this remarkable coalition that's formed. It's incredible. It's remarkable. I will see you in London. Look forward to it. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. A big part of that coalition is the most powerful man in sports. One of the most powerful people in American culture. Also a longtime sincere personal friend of Donald Trump's. And that would be the great Dana White who joins us now. You're doing great. I'm sure coming just from seeing Trump right now. How is he? Yeah, he's, he's, you know, he is good, you know, nerve wracking. Yeah. Sitting here watching this play out like this. It's, this is, yeah, this is, this is D The betting markets have him in Nevada at 61% likely Commonwealth 39.


I mean, all indicators are really good, Right? Yeah. I, I would have to say, when the odds makers are saying you're gonna win, it's usually a good thing. You know, it's gonna come down to probably Pennsylvania, right? Yeah. I mean, but it looks like he's gonna win a couple states that you don't expect to win, too. I don't know. We're sitting there. He's fine. He's eating. I can't eat. And Why you fasting? Or too much? No, I'm, I'm actually not fasting right now, but I'm fasting. I've, I've, I've, this is the most invested thing I've been in since usc. Well, it's kind of crazy. Yeah. So you, I mean, I think I was there when you endorsed Trump. I, I don't know why I think I was, but I think I was. But anyway, you endorse Trump. You're one of the very first people in your world to do that.


Right? You run a huge business. All kinds of advertisers. Very complicated. No one in business makes political endorsements of Donald Trump. 'cause it's like the cost is can be really high. You did it anyway. Why'd you do that? Oh, I, I've been friends with the guy for a very long time. He's a good human being. Yeah. He's a very good person. It, it's fascinating to see when the machine comes after you, what is possible. They tried to break him financially, tried to throw him in jail, assassination attempt, you know, it's just, it's, it's, it's unbelievable. And I, I truly believe he is the only human being that I know of that could have dealt with this.


And, and to actually be here to tonight in the election, looking good from the odds makers. I, I, it just, it, it's an, it's an unbelievable rollercoaster. You're in a business full of tough people. So that's high praise. I told them, I tell 'em all the time, and I told him tonight, he hasn't slept in like 48 hours. He hasn't slept in 48 hours. He's been going to all these different rallies. You know, he's one of the hard, hardest working, most resilient human beings that I've ever met in my life. And he is a good person. You know, we both have the privilege of knowing him personally. And it's amazing when, when the media and, and, and the government starts to attack you, what is possible.


And I truly, did You feel that at all? I mean, so again, if it wasn't risky, more people would've done it, but more people didn't. You did it. You were one of the very first people in your world to endorse Trump. Did you face any penalty for that? No. You know, it's fascinating. So I don't post political stuff ever, right around the election. I endorsed him in 16, I endorsed him last year's, put out a video. I went hard on social media this time. And you start to watch if, if you're, if you're gonna lose followers. I gained 17,000 followers in the last 48 hours, just literally posting hardcore political Trump stuff.


Yeah. Actually, most people would see their, their followers dip. Mine actually went up 20,000. So, no, it's, we we're completely bulletproof from that kind of stuff. My, my, my base is hardcore Trump followers and, and conservative. And why, why is that? I don't know. Who knows? It just, it just played out that way. I mean, when you look at our business, when I decided to go through Covid, right? Our, our, our fan base grew 68% through Covid. We didn't lay anybody off. We, we, we, everybody got paid their bonuses. We honored every contract from fighter contracts to sponsorships, to television deals, everything. And our, our fan base supported us.


Our fighters wanted to fight. My employees were ready to work. I mean, it's just, it's, it's actually pretty fascinating. So when Covid first started, you know, everything started shutting down. I brought all my employees into a big room and said, I don't understand this thing, but if any of you, you know, don't feel safe and feel like you want to go home, you're more than welcome to go home. Nobody went home. Everybody stayed. And I said, I'm gonna figure this out. Don't worry about this. We're gonna, we're gonna work through this. And a couple weeks later, and that was when he was sitting in office, And he actually put me on the sports task force to help get sports back sooner. But, you know, nobody else was willing to do it. So I said, listen, I'll be first.


I like being first. And, and we did it. Wow. And we live in America. If I wanna support somebody and vote for him and, and, and get behind him, you know, a candidate, my right, my right to do it. And if you don't like the fact that I support him, and I could care less. So you're just, you're living like, it's 1985. You're living like, it's the country you grew up in. Yeah, exactly. And nothing bad has happened to you. It's all, all been upside. Lemme tell you this, not only that, but you know, all these people that are afraid to come out everywhere I go, you, you know how many altercations I've had because I support Trump. Zero. The answer is zero.


Everywhere I go, it's the opposite. People come up to me and thank me. Thank you for what you're doing for our country. Thank you for supporting The president. You know that, that's what happens to me when I go out in public. That's wild, right? So you live in Vegas. Yep. That's a key state. It's huge. Yeah. Yeah. So what do you, And from what I'm hearing, it's one of the biggest cheating states. Clark County, apparently is one. Of course It is. Yeah. The county where Las Vegas is. Yeah. Culinary union. Big time. Yeah, yeah. Unite here. How do you feel about what's gonna happen in that state? Again, my, my feeling in Vegas is, feels like there's a lot of support for Trump there.


When you think about our town, he is not gonna tax tips. He is not gonna tax overtime. I mean, that, that's huge for that city. Huge. Yeah. So hopefully we win it. So here's Glenn Greenwald again. For the first time all night, the New York Times needle no longer has the election as a toss up. Now they're saying Trump has a 65% likelihood to win the election. It is quote, leaning Trump. Now, I think we can say fairly, the New York Times is probably not putting a thumb on the scale for Trump here. Think that's fair to say? Yeah. Wow. And here are the betting markets here. We're back to your world.


Donald Trump question. Who win the presidential election? Donald Trump. 74% Kamala Harris. 26% with almost $300 million at stake. Do you have any money on this? No. I should have, you know what? I'm, I'm, I'm actually pissed at myself that I didn't bet after the debate. I should have done it. Yeah. How much would you have? Bet? I don't know. Wait, after the Trump debate? Yeah, after the debate with Kamala. Really? She actually went up. Oh, she went up a lot. Yeah. After the debate. What'd you think? So you thought he did Well, I should have bet. No, I didn't. I said I should have, I should have bet on it. No, but a lot of Republicans said, oh man, he's, he's in trouble after.


I'll Always bet on him. I'll always bet on him. He's a savage. He's an absolute animal. He's a hard worker. He's absolutely Resilient. Okay, so, so, because I've talked to you a lot about your health regimen, which is unbelievable, and I should probably get on it soon. I agree. Yeah. We're the, we're the sa I think we're the same age. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You should do it. Yeah know. I know, I know, I know, I know. Especially as much as you travel. I'm gonna, it, I'm gonna, I know I'm gonna stop eating shit food as soon as this is over. But let me just say, Trump has also not taken your advice. I'm not alone in that. I've been all over him. I've been all over him. Okay. But, but wait, can I say I was, the other night, we were somewhere. MSG, I think. Were you there? Yeah. Okay. So we're waiting backstage with, with Trump and his little, and there's like Milky Ways and like all the stuff he likes, which by the way, I'm not judging.


I like it all too pto. There he is. So, he, so I told him, I told him, listen, you gotta do this. Y yeah. He is like, ah, you're too thin. Too thin. You don you, you, you look better before he said that. Yeah. He says, yeah. He says it all the time. You're too thin. I don't, I I don't like too thin. I want, I want some sides. He always tells me, you know, but listen, it works for him. No. Okay. So that's okay. But The energy level, you know, he's unstoppable. It's, it's, you know, it's, it works for him. Okay. But you, you have made, 'cause your job and your life, and I've seen your gym. Yeah. Your personal gym, right? Like you've made a study of physiology, like how the human body works, how it's fueled, how it processes what you eat.


Right? How does this guy on Big Max and Milky Ways stay up for 48 hours and remain sharp? Like how do you do? It's unbelievable. Big Max, Milky Ways and Cokes. Yeah. I mean, it's literally, so we'll be at the fight. He's 78. He'll sit at the fights with me all night. Right. All night. You're talking like six hours. 'cause he shows up for the prelims. We hang out in my back room. Then we walk out and we watch the fights. It's six hours. So I'll ask him, you wanna water? No, no, no. And then somebody will bring him over Coke and he'll drink Coke. I've never seen him drink water, ever. I'm not saying he doesn't drink water. I'm just saying I've never seen it. And we're friends, and I've been around him a long time and a lot, never seen a water.


So This is now, I'm, now I'm really in love. But how does that work? Like is a science matter? Yeah. I mean, if you look at how sharp this guy is, like, I'm sitting with him, I'm sitting with him right now at dinner, and we're talking about the election. We're going back and forth. He hasn't slept in 48 hours. And God knows how much sleep he had before the 48. I'm sure it wasn't a lot. I'm sure it was under four. Okay. And his, his cognitive, his energy level, his, you know, so we're sitting there at the table, right? It's, it's me, him, Elon Musk. And I said, he said, Hey, now the room's packed and everybody wants to get to 'em.


Right? Right. And they got the food at the other end of the room. And he says, Hey, let's get up and walk over there and, and, and go look at the food and see what they got. I said, I think that's a bad idea. And they'll bring you the food. What? Whatever you want. Nope. He wants to get up And he wants to walk across the room, shaking everybody's hand, taking pictures, goes over, picks out his food. Then we walk all the way around. Back to the thing, what did he get? He got roast beef and, and Joe Stone crab, You said you've never, in all the years you've known, seen him drink water. Yeah. This is one of my favorite tweets of all time. This is from October 16th, 2012. It's from the Trump Twitter archive. And I'm quoting the Coca-Cola company is not happy with me.


That's okay. I'll still keep drinking that garbage. Now. That was 12 years ago. He's Still alive. Yes. He's about to win the presidential election. Right. Drinking that garbage. Like doesn't this call into question everything you thought you knew about the human body? Well, I, I think that he is, he's a different animal. Because I was, I was doing the same thing minus the Coca-Cola. And I was, I had one foot in the grave. So, and I'm, and I'm 55. Okay. Not 78. He's, he, he's a different animal. He is, he is an absolute beast. This guy doesn't sleep. He works hard. He flies everywhere. I will send him a text at 10 o'clock in Las Vegas so that he will get the text in the morning when he wakes up.


Right. He texts me right back immediately. Every time I text him, he's up. You know, I I, he gets pissed off when I, when I, I FaceTime him and, And he hates FaceTime. He is like, you are the only one I will answer FaceTime for. I hate this, but he's always up. I saw Kid Rock doing it at dinner the other night. He was in his, he was in his PJ's And he answered it. Yeah. Yeah. He's, He shouldn't scientists study him? Yes, yes they should. No, he's a, he's a, he's an absolute workhorse and a great human being. I love the guy Dana White. Amazing. Congratulations on what looks like a victory. I hope it is.


Me too, brother. Knock On marble. Great to see you. Thank you. Thank you. You too. So great.


There's a lot of chaos out there in the world. And that's why your bed is your sanctuary. A place of peace and rest. And with cozy earth, it can be even more peaceful and more restful. Comfort and tranquility are the by words of cozy earth's bamboo sheet set, bamboo sheet set. That sounds strange. Oh, it's not strange. It's great. These sheets remain from a hundred percent premium bamboo derivatives. And they're the softest, most breathable sheets you will ever have. They'll keep you cool all night, And they get softer with every wash. And they're gonna be a lot of washes because these sheets come with a 10 year warranty, 10 years a decade guaranteed. So you're investing not only in comfort, but in quality that lasts for a long, long time. Don't believe it. Go to cozy earth.com/ Tucker and use the code Tucker for a discount up to 40% off your order. Embrace the comfort of cozy Earth made from bamboo. You will feel the difference.


A lot of the most fervent supporters of Trump, and a lot of the smartest and most thoughtful supporters of Trump are people who didn't originally support Trump, And they didn't change their minds for reasons of expedience. JD Vance would be in this category. They really thought through what Trump was about, and people who've been forced to think through their views tend to have much deeper and more durable views. So into this category, along with Judy Vance, I would put Senator Mike Lee of Utah, who is a long time sort of libertarian man of principle, a constitutional scholar suspicious of Trump has wound up becoming one of Trump's great champions and allies and most articulate allies in the US Senate.


We're really happy to come here. Senator, Thank you very much. Thank You. It's good to be with you. So, again, I, I feel so low asking all these dumb political questions, but you've run a lot of races and you've won them all. Where do you think this one stands? Look, Trump's gonna win this. You really think so? I, he, I think he's gonna win it. And I think it could easily end up being an electoral landslide. It's too early to predict that right now. But it's, it's got the makings of it. I think around the country, people are tired of the policies that have gotten us to where we are. I really, for the life of me, cannot understand how Kamala Harris has gotten away with distancing herself from her own policy. I know policies of the man who she championed, had policies that she shares.


She can't identify a single piece of daylight between her and Joe Biden. And so I, I think that's coming back to haunt her. And I don't think there's any way she can win. And I think Trump's gonna finish very strongly tonight. The Fact that Trump is leading among young people, 18 to 29 in a bunch of different states, is just shocking to me. I think of theory of Kamala Harris is like, she's cool. She's a wine mom. She loves abortion and dancing. She's friends with pity or whatever. She's like hip Taylor Swift loves her. You know, you sort of, if you watch And her good things, which are what? Well, not in my view, but if you watch The View as I do every day, assiduously, you think like she's clearly the choice of like the hip young people.


Right. And it turns out the hip young people think she's like a garbage person. Like they're not impressed at all. Right. She's unwatchable. Yeah. That's why they don't let her on TV very much. You know, her big TV debut with CNN turned out to be 17 minutes of un watchability. Did you try to watch it? Yeah, I did. What'd you think? It didn't go well. You know, I, I I, I tried to think, okay, well, you know, she showed up, she spoke in what appeared to be English, but that's about where the connections ended. I don't think she connected with anyone on that. I think her whole party must have been thinking, what did we do? We just commandeered the entire electoral process within the Democratic party to put her up without ever having won a primary.


And what did we do? But it was too late to back out by then. Well, it Just, it seems like, look, I get that they want, you know, a woman, they want someone who's at least part black, I guess, you know, they want some non-white racial category. Fine. But like, okay, those are your parameters. You can still find a lot of people who couldn't speak fluent English, who are smart. Like how do they wind up with her? Like, she doesn't mean the baseline requirement for politics, which is being able to talk. I I mean, you're in politics, you tell me. Yes. Well look, I think it was easy for them to go to her because actually she's vice president. She was next in line of course, right? So they, they, they went there. But I think nobody stuck to look when they were selecting her as vice president in the first place.


Can she really go the distance? Does she, has the policy chops to do this? Does she have the, the ability to communicate to where she can be the standard bearer for the Democratic party? Yeah. I really don't think they fully examined that in, in their unfettered exuberance at the time they chose her in 2020. They just thought, oh, it'll all work out. But I mean, you've been around this, how long have you been in the Senate now? 14 years. 14 years. Right. So you've seen a lot of the process and isn't there a point at which you sit down with the person and like, really talk, go out to dinner. Yes. Get a sense, is this pers can this person, you know, defend his or her views? Does he or she have real views?


Like, who is this? Like no one ever did that with her. It, it is unthinkable to me that they would do that. Particularly Joe Biden. Joe Biden was tying himself to her. He knew that at the time. And Tucker, before I endorse a Senate candidate, particularly if it's in a, in a primary, oh, I know. Post Primary. You're famous for this by the way. I, I, I, I, I give them interview. I, I talk for like a couple hours bare minimum. Because I wanna make sure that I know now that that is a, a far cry from the presidency of the United States. It is unthinkable to me that I would tie my name to somebody when endorsing them in a Senate primary. But this has magnified so many hundreds of times over with the presidency. I don't know what was going on there, but I don't think there was a whole lot going on with Joe Biden to begin with.


Well, it, it Does make you pretty nervous about the whole infrastructure of the United States because if they would elevate someone like Kamala Harris consistently throughout her whole career to the presidential nominee, who are they making air traffic controllers and heart surgeons and who's running the va? And like there are a lot of important jobs in this country. And if the criteria are just the way you look, right, right. Totally incompetent people are in really important positions right now. Right. Which is scary. Well, you, you, you mentioned the FAA and air traffic controllers, that that's one of those areas where they have taken a very radical DEI position where they, they've actually taken out some of their minimum criteria in the past aptitudes for math and science and that sort of thing.


And they've replaced it literally with demographic material of, of the sort that really it's nuts violates on its face the equal protection clause. So that, that's a, a, a big problem. And, and it's a problem that creates bad consequences. You know, when those who drafted the 14th Amendment and the Equal Protection Clause, what they had in mind was that race doesn't matter. And that government's position must always be that race doesn't matter. And so all of a sudden, when you make it matter, you're excluding all kinds of other things that do matter. And that's a problem. It's really shocking. I mean, she's a and you're not allowed to say she's an affirmative action hire, but gosh, I mean she really is like she's the definition of it. Well, okay, But, but, but the reason that's, that's a fair observation here is that Joe Biden himself told us that, oh, I know Joe Biden told us that was her qualification, just like he did with Keji Brown Jackson.


He said, I'm going to pick someone who is of this gender Yeah. And of this race that is really insulting to the person he picks. It's unbelievable. So lemme just ask you one last question. I don't know the answer to this, and maybe you will. This is a daily mail piece just came out this afternoon, us to test hypersonic nuclear missile tonight, just hours after election polls close amid growing World War III fears. What the hell is that? I, I don't know if that seems like a really odd choice. I don't know why November 5th would have to be the day when that It's an inter continental ballistic missile. The Minute Man two scheduled to blast off between 11:01 PM and 5:01 AM from California's Vandenberg Space Force Base.


I Why, why would you have a nuclear missile test on the same day as a presidential election? Look, Let, lemme put the most favorable spin on this that I possibly can. The most favorable spin I can put on that one was that some pen heads in the Pentagon are totally tone deaf on political matters and didn't have the, the election in mind when they did this. If that's the case, that's really weird. I don't like this at all. I think there are 364 other days they could have chosen For this year. Why, Why election day? Why, why the night after the entire country has just voted. I think that's really bizarre. Well, it is bizarre. It is bizarre. Maybe You can get 'em to change it.


Yeah. Give 'em a call, Tucker, they'll listen to you. Senator Mike Lee of Utah. Thank you. Thank you. You've been such an incredible, you just spoke on Trump's behalf. I thought you gave one of The best, was that it? Madison Square Garden. That was in Arizona. Arizona. Sorry. God, I've been on the road too much. It's in Arizona. Well, you're amazing. It's a big Arena like that. No, it was a big arena. Sorry. It's been a, a blur of big arenas. Thank you. Thank you. Great. Good to be With you. Like Thank you. Thank you. So when historians look back on this campaign, and presumably books will be written about it, and probably the first six or seven of them will be completely dishonest. But when the distance has grown sufficient that we can be honest about what happened, I think we will understand that the endorsement of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.


Of Donald Trump in this campaign, late in this campaign was, was a, was a sea change in American politics. Not, not just a, a benefit to Trump at the time, but a sign of a true realignment, long overdue in the parties. And I, I think it's really obvious. I wish more people would say it. Bobby Kennedy joins us now. Thank you very much. Thanks for having me, Asha. So do you have, do you have, I mean, you've been right in the middle of it. You've campaigned so hard for Trump that it's was a little stunning actually. I think you were working every bit as hard on his behalf as you were on your own behalf, which is amazing. But have you had any time to think about what this means?


Your Kim you are campaigning for Donald Trump. It looks like he's likely to wins as the New York Times. Like what, what does this mean for American politics going forward? You know, he is unlike any politician that we've seen in American history, maybe the, the, the one comparison that I would make would be Andrew Jackson. Yes. 'cause Andrew Jackson came in without any money or, or, you know, or backing from powerful interests. Everybody was against him. But he, he was truly a populous candidate. And he came in and did things that nobody thought was possible to challenge the banks Yes.


And dismantle the banks and to, to, to install a lot of people who, you know, were, were kind of heretics in public office. And I, a lot of people think that of Trump as a conventional politician because the last time around he can, he initially I appointed a lot of very conventional people of Sure. Did. Lobbyists, et cetera. Yeah. People don't remember almost his entire cabinet was gone within two years. Yes. As he learned to govern. And he wants to do, you know, he will do what he wants to do.


And I spent two days with him recently And he was saying things that were kind of shocking to me. You know, he was saying things like that, you know, the, the kind of change, the level of change that he wants to make in our government, I, I think is gonna be unprecedented and Shocking to you. In a good way. Yeah. In a good way. But just, you know that any pol it's so impolitic. He's an impolitic guy And he, he, I think he, you know, he's a guy that does what he wants to do. Well, can I Give you, He wants a, he wants a revolution and I think he's gonna get one.


This is this, this isn't a tweet from you. I'm noticing this. 23.5 million views. Let me just read your tweet back to you. On January 20th, the Trump White House will advise all us water systems to remove fluoride from public water. Period. Fluoride is an industrial waste associated with arthritis, bone fractures, bone cancer iq, lost neurodevelopmental disorders and thyroid disease President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump want to make America healthy again. I mean, that just caused, well, 23.5 million people thought it was pretty great. The news media hated it. Is that market You're talking about? You know, it, it is interesting because there was a case that was handed down on October 4th on fluoride and it was an Obama appointed judge, a federal judge.


And it was brought to challenge EBA for never having done safety studies. You know, fluoride was put in the water No way. Yeah. Fluoride was put in the water in 1940s and it was, it was put in the water to stop tooth decay. Yes. But now it's recognized that most of our mouth washes and toothpastes have fluoride in 'em. And you don't need fluoride in the water. And it's a very inefficient way preventing tooth decay. 'cause you're getting it in people's blood. And that's how it's exposing the teeth. And, and as it turns out, fluoride is very, very dangerous. It causes IQ loss. And we know, you know, they, they haven't done a lot of studies that they should have done.


But there are extensive studies that show if you put fluoride in water at double the rate that EPA now allows, that is in all of our water systems, they use it in this country. Had it cause dramatic IQ loss in children and particularly in unborn fetuses. It also caused bone cancer. And we had an explosion of bone cancer beginning in the 1940s. It causes arthritis and it causes, and it causes the deterioration of bones, of bone fractures. And it causes thyroid and thyroid injuries. It also calcify the penial gland of the human brain, which is the, the the, which is the part of our brain that actually creates our spiritual feelings.


And, and so it's really just something Yeah. It's something that, that you wouldn't want in a water supply. And it's a very easy, it's gonna have to be taken out anyway because of this court case. But the EPA will drag its feet and take 10 years or 15 years to Do it. Okay. So this is so shocking to me because, you know, being against Floyd in the water was the single most reliable marker of mental illness according to the US media for like 60 years. Well, you know, it was a, it was a, it was the subject of a conspiracy theory, right. Being put in our water by communists. Exactly. Order to sap the, the vigor from the American people. And as it turns out, you know, it actually, the, the healthy injuries that were predicted for it were not exactly the, but there are profound health injuries and it's just insane.


Have it in our water is absolutely a say So why would EPA fight the Removal of CDC says it's one of the 10 greatest health introductions of any, or inventions of any in the 20th century. And so they, you know, they've stuck their neck. It's like everything else that they do, they stick their neck out on something, they promote it to the American public and then they don't wanna dial it back. They do not wanna admit, admit that they made a mistake. And they do this with a lot of products. Once they approve them, they're gonna fight to keep them there. But, you know, it's one of the easiest thing You can do to start restoring American health is just get the floor out of the water.


You're gonna have a higher IQ children, you're gonna have less bone cancer, less. This is Crazy. Yeah. So here's something else that You can do, which should not be controversial. You took, you know, whatever anyone who questions vaccines gets attacked. I don't even wanna bring up the topic with you. You spent a lot of time debating it. I'm not gonna ask you to again, but the question of whether any product should have blanket liability from lawsuits. Yeah. A li a liability shield, a Liability. I, I don't understand that. Like if I, I have a product nicotine pouches, I, I can't get the Congress to acquire every American to use these fire people who don't use them and then get blanket shield from lawsuit.


Like that's so crazy that any pharma company has a blanket shield from lawsuits for any product that it sells cannot be fixed. Well, that, you know, is done by statutes. Yeah. The 1986 law that gave the vaccine companies a liability shield. Yes. And the problem is with that, the, And they, the reason that happened, Tucker, when I was a kid, there were three vaccines and my kids now were required to take 72 vaccines. And there they've just added I think another six vaccines. The covid vaccines and flu vaccines, their schedule, the, the, in their early seventies they added a vaccine called the diptheria, TEUs and TUS vaccine.


And NIH study showed that that vaccine, that particular vaccine, which has been withdrawn in America, we still give it to African children, causes death or profound brain injuries in one out of every 300 kids who gets it. So they took it off the market. But Wyeth, which is now Pfizer, went to the Reagan White House and told Reagan, look, we're losing $20 in downstream liability for every dollar that we're collecting in revenue. And unless you give us a liability shield, we're gonna stop making all vaccines. And the Reagan actually said to them, sensibly. And, and it wasn't just Reagan, my uncle Ted Kennedy was the head of the Senate committee at that time that went along with this very reluctantly.


Reagan was very reluctant. He said to the vaccine companies, why don't you make them safe? Good, good. Why is said because vaccines are unavoidably unsafe. And that phrase is actually the preamble of the statute. And it's in the Bruce with decision, which is the Supreme Court decision that upheld the statute. Now I just want to make this clear. I don't wanna take vaccines away from people. Well, right. I don't wanna impose my choices on the American public. I understand if vaccines are working for you, you ought to be able to get them. And I'll make sure that that happens. But people should have informed choice. So they should have good science.


And that tells them the cost and the benefits of these products. And particularly since they're being ordered to use them, 76 million kids a year are required to use them and they're healthy children. So it's the only medical product that's given to healthy people. You want a product like that to be extra solid to make sure there's no risk. 'cause You can take, you know, there's certain risks that you'll take if you're sick to get better get, of course. But if you're not sick and you, you, you shouldn't be required to take a product unless it is iron glass unless you know what the, you know, what all the cost and benefits are.


And the problem with vaccines is that they, they were originally introduced by the Public Health Service, which was is one of the five Milit Uniform Military services. That's why there's a Surgeon general and the Public Health Service introduced them and pushed them as a national security defense against biological attacks on our country. So they wanted to make sure that if the Russians attacked us with anthrax or with some other biological agent, they could quickly formulate a vaccine and then deploy it to 220 million American civilians without regulatory impediments. A normal medical product takes about eight years to get to market.


'cause it has to go through double-blind placebo controlled trials. And you need to see long-term effects. There are many effects from every medical product that have long diagnostic horizons, long incubation periods. They didn't wanna go through that 'cause they said it's gonna be a national emergency. It's no in, instead of calling it a medicine, we're gonna call it a biologic. And we're gonna exempt biologics from pre-licensing safety studies. Right. So there's no vaccine on that schedule, that 72 vaccines that has ever gone through a pre-licensing safety study, placebo controlled trial against a real placebo. And that's wrong because we, that means that nobody knows what the risk profiles are on these products.


And nobody can tell you whether that product is averting more problems than it's causing. And what I will do, you know, if I'm given this shot in the White House, is I'll make sure that those studies get done. That there are people on the panels that approve these products that are not loaded with conflicts of interest. So it's real science by, you know, by disinterested people. Right. And that doctors and patients and Americans know exactly what the cause and benefits of every vaccine are and can make a rational decision. God bless You for that. When you say, if I'm given this job, can you, you be for people who aren't following this, can you be more specific about what job you're talking About?


Well, president Trump has asked me to, he, he's asked me to do three things. He's asked me in, in terms of the public health agencies, he's asked me, number one, to get rid of the corruption, rid of the conflicts, the, the the agency capture phenomena that has turned these, these public health agencies away from public health. And they, they, their, their principle objective now is to advance the mercantile interests of the pharmaceutical companies. Yes. And he wants to get rid, number one, get rid of the corruption. Number two, return these agencies to the gold standard scientific research and, and evidence-based research, empirically based science that they, when you and I were kids, they were famous for around the world.


They've lost that reputation now because, because they've been captured by industry. And then number three, to end the chronic disease epidemic. And President Trump has told me he wants to see concrete measurable results within two years. And I promised him that I can do that. Now, whether that means as an HHS secretary or whether it means as a health SAR within the White House, we haven't figured out yet, but one way or another, we are gonna end the chronic disease Epidemic. The reason that I think that you'll be given the authority to do that is because I've been at a bunch of different public events with you over the past couple of months.


And the reception that you received from Trump's voters is so shocking to me. Second only to Trump himself. All the people I've seen with Trump, you get the biggest response from Republican voters. It's just, it's So is that shocking to you? Well, you know, it is shocking. And you know, I was just outta here. I mean, your name Is Bobby Kennedy. Yeah. And they Love you. Well they, you know, there's been a complete inversion between the Democratic and Republican party. When I was a kid, the Democratic Party was the party of peace. Now it's the party of war. It's the party of Dick Cheney. John Bolt. Yes. The military industrial complex. The Ukraine War. They own it. It, it was the party of constitutional rights.


Now it's the party of surveillance and censorship and the weaponization of the federal law enforcement agencies against American democracy. It was the party that stood up for working people or poor people for labor unions. And today it is the party of big pharma, wall Street, big tech, big Ag, the military industrial complex, big data and, and, and, and Wall Street. And, and it is also the party that's completely abandoned the working class base in this country. You look at the labor unions with Sean O'Brien, who's the head of the biggest, biggest union, our country.


And who's an, you know, a beautiful man, excellent, incredible Max excellent guy. I agree. He's an insurgent. He came out of Boston, he overthrew the old Hoffa Legate of the Teamsters. And he is the most popular president that they've had in generations. And almost 70%, I think 65% of Teamsters are now are Trumpers. This is true in labor unions across the country. The rank and file, the, the, the leaders of the union are often still Democrat. The rank and fire are overwhelmingly Republican. And that was not true when I was a kid. And you know, one of the interesting things when I was a kid, the Republican party was the party that had all the money.


Yeah. 'cause they had all the big corpor of course on their side. The country club party 70 when I was a kid, 70% in 1980 when I ran part of my Uncle Ted's presidential campaign. 70% of the wealth in this country was owned by Republicans. 30% was owned by Democrats in 2020, 70% of the wealth in this country was owned by Democrats and 30% Republicans. So you've had this complete version of the two parties. And I'll give you another example. My uncle Ted Kennedy wrote Title ix, the Democratic Party. One of the core issues was women's sports.


And today the Democratic Party is the party that is dismantling women's sports. There. I read that there have been now I think over 2000 or 3000 medals that have been given to male athletes playing women's sports. So those are medals that did not go to women who, you know, who should be getting it. I have a, I have a niece and you know her brother, twin brother Jackson. My niece Zoe is at Boston College. She's on the softball team at Boston College. She's a full scholarship and she's one of The best players on the team.


And when she was growing up, all of her siblings would come to Cape Cod in the summer and they'd play with, you know, all their Kennedy cousins. And I took their family skiing during the winter, but she wouldn't come because she had to stay at home and practice her sport because her whole life tr trajectory was making sure she got a college scholarship. And that was how she was gonna define, she planned her life around it. It would seem really unfair if a boy could walk off a softball field or a baseball field at Boston College, walk onto the woman's softball team and take her spot.


And that it, it seems weird that the Democrats are, you know, are urging us to allow that to happen. But that's exactly what's happening and nobody can argue with it. But did you, I'm looking at the betting markets now with almost $300 million at stake. Donald Trump is the choice of 74% predicting he's gonna win. Seems significant. Did if someone had asked you like a dinner 10 years ago, do you think at some point Bobby Kennedy will change the Republican party? I mean, what I would've bet a million dollars and a very, very good odds for somebody. So, yeah. You know, even a year ago, this would've been unimaginable to be, for me to be here tonight.


Why did the Kawell Harris campaign, I mean, you suspended your campaign. Why didn't, I don't understand. You had demonstrated broad popularity, particularly among, with young people and with politically agnostic people who could kind of go either direction. Why wouldn't, why didn't they call you and say, what can we do to bring you Yeah. To our campaign? Well, I mean, and that, and this is another sort of interesting feature of this whole trend. The Democratic party that I grew up with was the party was, that was fighting to party of Robert Kennedy and John Kennedy. And Martin Luther King was fighting to make sure every American could vote for whatever candidate they wanted to vote for.


Yes. And the Democratic party today is the Democratic party that has abandoned democracy. And also, you know, that the, the censorship angle that what they're doing with censorship of saying the government ought to be the arbiter of what's misinformation or disinformation. And the word misinformation is just a euphemism. It has nothing to do with factual accuracy as you know, it, it's just a euphemism for anything that challenges government orthodoxies. And so they've lost, my uncle said a a a contra nation or government that wants to silence debate as a government that has lost faith in the people. So they've lost faith in the demos, the, the people and including having to abolish elections.


So during the primary, they, they wouldn't let me run an election against Joe Biden. They literally canceled the primaries in many of the states. They moved the New Hampshire primary, which was the primary that I was very strong in. They actually, they, they actually adopted 60 rules. And one of those rules was to illustrate the absurdity, the kind of a Orwellian absurdity that I found myself confronting. They adopted a rule that said that any after I was already doing very well in New Hampshire, that any Democratic party candidate that stepped in foot into the state of New Hampshire could not win any delegates there, no matter how many votes they won.


So they were rigging the party to make sure that they could protect The president who was cognitively impaired. And they made sure he didn't debate anybody. I was winning in all these demographics. I was winning both, beating both candidates, both Trump and Biden in people and Americans under 35. I was beating them in, in the battleground states in Americans under 45. I was beating them with the Senate voters and head to head races. I was beating both candidates. And so I could have beaten, you know, I could have won the election for the Democrats if they had allowed me to run. And I'm not saying I'm the only one. There are probably many candidates that could have been outperformed Joe Biden, but they wouldn't let us run.


And then they did, you know, when they, when they had the debate And they, and it was exposed to the world, what they knew inside the White House that President Biden had these severe, debilitating cognitive deficits. They, he had already won the, technically the primaries that they did have, but they just performed a palace coup against them. We don't even know how it happened. And then they picked a candidate who never got a single vote. So you add this, this democracy free primary process and, and you know, the, the Democratic party defense of it was extraordinary. One of the great moments, this campaign for me, the television moments was when Chris Cuomo was standing on the floor of the Democratic Convention And he pointed up to the upper text with the owner's boxes on that, you know, upper ring.


Yeah. And he said, those are the people that are running this party and making these choices. Those are the people that are, you know, and we don't know. Nobody knows who they are. They're the billion dollar democratic donors and you know, and so they abolished democracy And they chose a candidate who is not, who has not been a good candidate, got candidate who does not seem to be able to talk off script. The problem that brings up is who's writing the scripts for? And at the Democratic Convention, it was the neocons, the speech that she gave was the most undemocratic speech I've ever heard at a Democratic convention.


It was a speech all about this belligerent ignatious speech about America being the policeman of the world and, you know, dominating the world and running the world. And, and right before her, immediately before her, they had a CI, a former director speak, which, you know, that was anathema to the Democratic party that I grew up with. So who is writing her scripts and then who will be writing her scripts if she gets into the White House, who will be writing, she can't do conversations like this. She can't do, she's not gonna be able to do conversations with world leaders. She needs a script for everything she does.


And who is gonna be doing that? It's gonna be a, as my son Connor says, a bunch of anonymous men in lanyards, you know, men and women in lanyards who are who we don't know, who, if you sneak into the Oval Office at two o'clock in the morning, there's a guy there with his feet up on the desk and say, oh, you've never seen who's like the real president of the United States. Yeah. You know, and you don't know who it is. You, we need somebody who's willing to stand up to, to the military industrial complex for the, these big institution. Let me say one other thing. When my uncle was president, he, you know, there, during the Cuban Missile crisis, he had the entire intelligence apparatus in the military.


Brass telling him, you gotta bomb Cuba, you gotta bomb. There's 64 missiles in Cuba and you gotta bomb each one of those. My uncle said to them, well how many men is that gonna kill? And they said, well, there's 500 guys at each of those sites who are, who are manning the sites. My uncle said, are those Russians or are they Cubans? And they said, we think they're probably Russians, but we don't know. My uncle said, if I kill all those Russians, isn't Khrushchev gonna have to go into Berlin? And we're in World War iii. And they said, we don't think he has the guts to do it. And that, that was their neur logic.


And my uncle, you know, had a vote of his ex-com committee, which the 13 people, including my father and Bob McNamara, who were making the decision, And they voted eight to six to bomb. This was the last day. And my uncle said, the sixes have it. In other words, he was making the decision And he did. We, he would take advice for them. But when I was on the plane the other day with President Trump, he, we were talking about the Mideast And he took a piece of paper And he drew on it, map of the Mideast with all the nations on it, which most Americans couldn't do. No. And he wrote in each country the troops ranked And he was, he was particularly looking at the border between Syria and Turkey.


And he said, we have 500 men on the border of, of Syria and Turkey, and a little, you know, encampment that was bombed. And he said, there's 750,000 troops in Turkey. There's 250,000 in Syria. If they go up against each other, we're in the middle. And what, And he said to his generals, well, what's gonna happen to those 500 men? And his general said to him, they're gonna be cannon fodder. And he said, get them out. So we want a president who has that knowledge. Yes. You can ask those rational questions and then is gonna make good decisions in the American public. Just make sure I got this straight. Trump on the plane the other day, drew a map of Each map of the Mideast.


An Accurate map. Yeah. An accurate map of the Mid East with, with Troops strength. Yes. With troops strength in each of the nations. So, you know, I saw that and it reminded me of the Cuban meso crisis. And I, I know Kamala Harris could not do that. You know, I've seen her interviews explaining Ukraine war and they're sophomoric. So, and I don't wanna say bad things about people. No, I get it. But, you know, she just does not, she does not have any idea about the uses of power. She does not have the capacity to sign up to a military and intelligence apparatus that wants this country in perpetual war. And I don't think that, you know, and I do believe when Trump says that she's gonna get us into nuclear war, they're not talking to the Russians.


She will never have a conversation with Putin. And Biden won't either. It's crazy. And Trump, you know, Trump, the, the Democrats all criticized Trump because he went and talked to Kim Jong-Un And he talked to Putin, And they say, oh, he loves dictators. No, my uncle was in the same situation where the CIA had no idea what was happening in Moscow. And, you know, they had lo all, all of their spies have been killed. And they just said, you know, here's the way they think. My uncle was saying, how do you know that? They said, they said, it's a monolith. And my uncle said it couldn't be a monolith. It has to be like Boston politics, where they're all trying to stab each other in the back, you know, Les and the CI had no idea.


So my uncle installed a hotline in the White House and a hotline in our house at the cave. It's, the wires of it are still coming outta my brother's, the wall of my brother's house, red wires. So he could pick up the phone and talk to Khrushchev, 24 hours name. And then they started corresponding with each other. They sent 26 letters back and forth. They were smuggled by A-A-G-R-U spy called Georgie Scoi, who my uncle trusted and Khrushchev trusted. 'cause they didn't wanna involve the military industrial complex of the intelligence. Exactly. Those guys are still there. They still want perpetual war. And we need a president who's gonna make up his own mind about things and who is gonna challenge his own military advisors.


People like Tony Blinken and Jake Sullivan, and the people who wanna, and Victoria Newland, the people who wanna keep us in a perpetual war and who are gonna get us into a nuclear war. Well, I Think we may get one. The New York Times is, this is breaking right now, is estimating, again, it's New York Times, who knows. But that Trump will win the popular vote. They're saying he's more likely than Kamala Harris to win the popular vote. As of right now. I don't think a Republican has won the popular vote since 2004. Is that I think that's right. Yeah. I think, yeah. Since the post nine 11 election, George W. Bush. But it's cer you know, 20 years never happened. Yeah. So if that happened, I, you are a figure out of history now, very obviously, and I appreciate everything you've done and I, I can't wait to see what you Well, I appreciate what you've done, Tucker.


I've done much. I'm not gonna make America healthy again, but I think you are. Thank you, Robert Kennedy. We'll do it together. Thank you. Appreciate It. Thank you, Tucker. Amazing. So we have, you know, whined pretty nonstop for the past. Well, I have for the past 10 years about the loathsome state of, of the American media. Doesn't mean everyone in the media is loathsome. There are a few honest voices. Bye guys. See ya. And Miranda Devine is the top of the list. Miranda Devine of the New York Post, who single handedly took on this, the censorship state in 2020 with the Hunter Biden laptop story.


Thank you very much. Thank you, Tucker. Looks Like Trump's gonna win. Well, it certainly feels like that in the ballroom where Trump came in at about quarter to nine to a huge o you know, ovation from the crowd Ballroom Here. The ballroom here at Margo. I get stuck in this little room. I have no idea what's going On. It's great food. There's so sushi and that food, Wellington, and look at what We're missing. I mean, it's great food. Lots of champagne flowing. And he's sitting there, he's got Dana White next to him. And then on the other side of Dana White is Elon Musk. And everyone's chatting very companionably. But Trump keeps on turning around because CNN's on the big screen behind him. And all he wants to see is Jake Tapper's sad face.


And Jake Tapper and all the CNN people looking miserable are actually really with the nights going on. Oh, I was on the set set at CNN in 2000 when Bush won. Yeah. Or when Gore didn't win more precisely. And I remember the sadness then. It's so nice to see. They haven't changed. We should be kind to them. So the okay, what what there he is, there is that the Afro in Insane Anchor are looking very, very upset. Grim and do Very Yes. Or in a vest. You don't see that very often. So Trump in the betting markets now, 86%, $304 million on the line who win the presidential election, 86% of betters believe Donald Trump.


It doesn't mean he is gonna win, but it means that he seems to be winning. But it It, that's moved enormously today. It has moved. Yeah. So where are we in Pennsylvania, Don? Don't we bring that up a little bit more? Trump is ahead it looks like. Ooh. Wow. That's quick. Sizably ahead with 54% of votes counted. That's Flipped in the last hour. Yeah, it has. But you know, it's, it's a, what are we, two hours after polls closed in Pennsylvania And postal votes, they count And they count, can make it call first. And that Two hours and 23 minutes after they close it really, I mean, since you're from a foreign country, long time American, but from abroad you have, you have international perspective.


The way that our votes are counted does seem like a national shake. Crazy. I know It. Okay. It is, right. It really Is. Okay. Yeah. I, I mean, look, Australia's a tiny country, but you know, the result within a few hours. Same with the uk, same with Europe. I mean, France does not allow mail-in voting or machines. Yes. They have a very clean system in the uk. They brought in voter ID just a couple of years Ago. Well, Florida, which has I think a population roughly the size of Australia's. Yeah, Yeah. They can do It. Well, they call it in one minute. Yeah. Right. So If you have a state that doesn't even try to call it within a few days, what do you have? I mean, what do you have?


What are you looking at? I mean, this is the country that sent man to the moon, right? Surely, supposedly. No, I, I'm sure we did, I guess. But, but certainly there's a lot of advanced technology in the United States. Well, Elon Musk just has a rocket that can catch itself on its way home. So surely we can make sure that the voting system is not so antiquated. So can you just wax lyrical a little bit about Donald Trump's story arc? So you're writing, let's see, you're writing this novel about Donald Trump, and here you have a guy who, you know, is the, is the darling of the media world. He's of course part of, he's the highest rated person in television, goes into politics he's hated, called a racist loses.


And then he comes back and wins with like, you know, larger vote of a percentage of the non-white vote that any Republican ever. Yeah. This racist. Like what, what are we, I mean, what are we watching here? I've never seen a redemption story like this. Well, let's hope that you're not jumping the gun. But yeah, I mean, that's the way it looks. If you're writing a novel, and I think well Look, even if Trump loses, look, he's been outspent three to one. Yeah. He's been arrested. He's Been demonized villainized. He's had his mugshot taken. He's at the entire media establishment against him. The entire blob, the ccia a the FBI, they've all been against him. It's the most incredible comeback story. And, you know, he could have slinked off after 2020 and had a comfortable life and probably ingratiated himself back with the lefties.


But he didn't, he chose to go the difficult route. And he is ahead, as of right now, could change, but in Wisconsin. Amazing. He's very, very tight. But he's, he's ahead. You know, I think that that assassination attempt in Butler, he stood up and did fight, fight, fight. Yes. I think that transform, it certainly was the galvanizing reason for Elon Musk to come out of the shadows. Yes. Within Musk. And, and I think Joe Rogan as well, I think a lot of men particularly, but women as well, just recognized. There is a once in a lifetime courage and leadership like a Genghis Khan style leadership seriously With your children. But yes, same idea.


But you, you don't have that sort of historical figure come, come to you very often. And the country's in dire need of a figure like that. So as repellent as many Americans find him, I think enough Americans love him. Looks like the majority. I mean, he may even win the popular vote. What a repudiation of the New York Times and CNN and the rest of them who have treated him as if they've called him a Nazi. Well, will it be read that way? So Trump, I mean, you spent your life in newsrooms. Your father was a well known journalist. I mean, you've really been in this business your whole life. What's their re So let's say Trump wins, let's say he wins the popular vote. Let's say he wins a majority or close two of Hispanic voters, this famous racist Mr.


Taco Bowl. Like how, what do they make of that? Like what's their explanation for it? Does it occasion any kind of self-reflection at all? It would if they were actually journalists and not just propaganda artists who are being controlled by other forces, you know, who will fight Trump and his people every step of the way. We're just talking about big pharma. You just had Bobby Kennedy on big pharma, big ag agriculture. They will be out to do whatever they can to stop him. We've also got the CIA, the FBI, et cetera. So they control these newsrooms, these newsrooms kind of take their marching orders from these, these sort of malign influences.


I don't think there're Any, you think so? So the, I mean, here I'm playing pantomime with you. I know what you're saying is true, as I've seen it. I don't think your average person really won Iowa. There he is. Donald Trump wins Iowa. Well, of course. Well, no, I mean, he was, I know. What About much watch poll from Iowa points to Harris landslide, the Poll, standard poll, Annie Salsa. You know, how did that happen? She never gets it wrong. She's just magnificent. Ha ha. She was wrong. Fancy that. But Iowa, I mean, I know I immediately called a friend of mine who's a political organizer in Iowa, and I said, I don't, you know, I, I'm not from Iowa, to put it mildly. So I don't know, maybe it is. My friend was what?


And this is like an actual political person in Iowa. That's insane. But that poll was taken seriously. Yeah. You know, Robert Kaha from Trafalgar Yeah. Had a really interesting thing the other night, which was that where, where there used to be the shy Trump voter. Now there's the fearful Trump voter. They're afraid of government retribution and knock on the door. Right. That's right. Being canceled. So they really are not gonna tell pollsters even as beloved and brilliant as Anne Silk for the truth. You are so good. I'm, I'm so glad you're still in the media. I think the fact that you grew up and it gives you a different perspective. 'cause you, I mean, you once told me that You remember your dad like at the table talking about it, right? I mean, of course you grew up in it.


Yeah. Okay. So Ink in the blood, You remember what it used to be. That's right. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Thank you. Well, you, you have that, that spirit that used to animate all journalists, which is Well, And you have it too, because your father is Yeah, no, I grew up in it also. No, I mean, I remember when, you know, journalists were like a amazing guys, and like you respected watch Adventurers. Hundred percent. Yeah. They went to war, they jumped out of planes. Hundred percent. They did dangerous things. Yes. They didn't just sit behind a keyboard in a New York newsroom knocking at people. They were real men. Oh, I and women, I remember there weren't that many women, but there were the ones that were, were lowest lang pretty Rough. Yeah. So what happens to, you said the media will spend not a moment reflecting on how they got it wrong.


Well, they did they do it in No, they did 2016 Actually. Right. But what happens to the mine forces that you described in Washington, the intel agencies who you butted up against to try to shut your story down. Famously, the 51 former Intel officials, all of whom retained security clearances, really, they were still working for the intel agencies. Yeah. But people like that, like, when are they ever held to going to be held to account for what they did? I think it's a long-term project. It's gonna be more than four years. But, you know, with any luck, if this is a resounding landslide or resounding victory for Donald Trump, he's really set in place four years for himself and then another eight years for Shady Vance or whoever is the, the, the heir apparent this is the MAGA movement has tra is, is, is has taken over the conservative side of politics.


And it's no longer gonna be the Bushes and the Cheney and business as usual, where everyone is cozy as the uni party and the malign forces get their way. It's just incredible. Well, I'm, I'm just grateful that you've decided for whatever reason to stay in journalism. Of course. What else would I do? I'm trying to convince my kids to go into it. That's disgusting. But, you know, I Convinced my kids not to, You know, I, I, I Think, think it's a hard, hard for young People. I'm glad they're not in it. But you do need decent, honest, tough people with self-respect in it. And you're, you're one of the few. So Thank you. Oh, I mean it. Thank you very much, Miranda.


Thanks so much. So Trump really shouldn't be here. He should be in prison. And if the plan had unfolded as they wanted it to, he would not be standing for election tonight. He would be behind bars. He's been charged with all kinds of fake crimes. One of the reasons he's not behind bars, one of the reasons he is, well, he's almost at 200 electoral votes as if 10 32 Eastern is Alina Haba, who is one of his lawyers by far the most famous, and I can say very smart. She joins us now. Did you ever think that, wait, Don't you mean unintelligent, unintelligent, stupid, unintelligent, all those things. Mark Cuban called us. Mark Cuban.


Screw mark. You Know, somebody said, I think it was Elon the other night, mark Cuban. I knew Mark Cuban. I also know Rachel Maddow. Yeah. Worked with her. He does look so much like Rachel Maddow now. Like what is that? How do He get the glasses? I, I'm debating, is it Ma Rachel Maddow? Is he trying to be on the view? I can't figure out, out. But he does Seem like he's undergoing some physiological change. Maybe it's a transition. No, honestly, it looks that, that way. What is that? Perhaps, you know, I could represent him through that. Maybe I could get the taxpayer liberal dollars. I'm here for you, mark. Whatever you need. This intelligent woman will help you transition on taxpayer dollars under the Kamala Harris regime. I'm here for it. I remember we had dinner at the beginning of this whole drama that you've been through.


And I Yeah. And I was, I remember thinking, boy, you're signing up for a lot of drama. Yeah, Yeah. What I mean, looking back, it's a Blessing. It's been a blessing. Really. Yes. I, I feel that way. How I feel. This was God's plan. I I feel grateful, honestly. I do. I I think the more they hit me, the more I know I have a voice. Yes. And President Trump's given me a voice. Nobody should know who President Trump's lawyer was. Yeah. And you and I talked about it. Yeah. And I was like, Hey, Tucker, I'll come on. You're show you. We don't do lawyers. I'm like, yeah, but, and then it became, I wasn't just a lawyer. That's because of President Trump. So the man that they tell you has torn down women has given me a platform. Of course. And I'm a first generation American girl.


I was not a straight A student. I didn't Go to Harvard. I think Trump likes women better. I've always thought, You know what, I, you know what I know. You know what? Yeah, for sure. Listen, the truth of the matter is, I'm here for such a time as this, but I'm so honored. And I feel like no matter what happens, we laid it all on the field and we fought so hard. He should have been in jail according to that. Yeah. He should have been dead according to him. Yeah. No, that's right. And we crushed it, Tucker. I mean, no matter what, you can't say we didn't crush it. You certainly did. Yeah. And it was like a swarm of bees at one point. There were so many different filings against him. I, I couldn't even keep track of it. Indictments, raids. I, when I signed up to work with President Trump, I told him in the interview, I had interviewed with him and Eric Trump, who you know well, and the GC of the Trump organization.


And I had said to them, sir, I'm really happy to represent you as an attorney, but I will not get involved in politics. Not happening. A month later, I sued Hillary Clinton. So here we are. He always gets the last word. And you think it's, I mean, you've enjoyed it. I honestly feel it's a blessing. All the hit pieces, all the tormenting, the view. Jimmy Kimmel, mark Cuban. Bring it on. Bring it on baby. Oh, Did Jimmy Kimmel attack you? Always, always Jimmy Kimmel. Many times. SNL Two weeks in a row. That's a badge of honor. Did Jimmy Kimmel was like a pretty, Does anybody watch it? I don't know. No one, no one watches it. I feel his career ended. But yeah, he's, I How is he so controlled? Like what do they have on Jake Here?


You know, maybe he was at Diddy's Island. Epstein's Island. I'm sure you know something's going. You know what we don't need to do, Tucker. This is what I said at the rally. I was, I said this my, one of my second to last rallies, I said, you'll not see people from Diddy's parties or Epstein's Island on this stage. So when I say it's a blessing, because I have something called morality. Yeah. Which is lacking. And God is number one to me, not Trump, nothing else. Yes. God is number one. So for me, my faith, my family, that's why I'm here. And my children, we can't live through this kind of culture that they're creating. This fear of sending my kids to school. I can't have that. Right. I can't have that. I gotta switch my kids from school because my, my daughter's school's so woke. I can't take it. Yeah.


I can't have that. That you have kids. Shouldn't, shouldn't take it. I'm not gonna take it good. And I'm not gonna take it not only for me, but for your kids. For everybody's kids. So it's a blessing. My kids are out of it. Thank heaven. Yeah. I mean, I would not send my children, I would not send my children. Yeah. To private or public school right now. If I had to do it. Don't Trust the system. Thank God. No. Oh, you know how, but congratulations, no matter what happens, you, I don't, I mean, you've done your part and have been victorious. And I don't know if anyone would've bet on you, you know, Nobody was betting on a couple Years Ago. Let's be honest, tuck, you weren't betting on me. Listen, the Chief, oh, I Thought I was secretly betting. You know what it is? I was, every stigma that they wanted to say was dumb, stupid. She looks a certain way.


She can't be good. Yeah. She must be. It's 'cause of her looks. It's 'cause of this. It's 'cause of that. And the words I wanna say right now are very, not very Catholic. No know what you mean. Big F you. Big f you tonight. You All you It's, it's a, it's a nice feeling. Yeah. It's A good feeling. That's The party. I That's what, no matter what, we're on the party of Fu Lina, Thank you very much. Thank you for having me. Great to see you. Good To see you. Let's win and talk. Thank you. Oh, let's Win. It's like Yeah's, we're looking good. I mean, I dunno, we're still betting markets. We've got Eric Trump standing right there, who may haves the brand new numbers. Eric, Our biggest, by the way, tougher client than Donald Trump. True story. Tougher client than Donald Trump is true. True. It's true. He is not the Donald Trump is not the tough one. It's Eric. No, I Believe that it's true.


I believe that it's true. He's back at HQ going through the, the contracts On that now. Bye-bye. I want my bills. See you guys. See you. Thank you. So Eric, Thank you very much for doing this. I, I've been stuck in the seed for so long. I don't know exactly what's going on out there. What is going on? What is going on? Yeah. This is like the greatest for me vindication of everything that we've dealt with for the last nine years. So right now we're looking great Georgia, we're great looking, great North Carolina. I think they call both the states in the next, you know, 10, 15 minutes. And then I think our internal numbers show us winning Pennsylvania. And our internal numbers show us winning Wisconsin. Right. So you have that before you get out to Arizona and Nevada, which I think we're gonna win both of those. So, so If that, if that comes true.


So if you got Georgia, North Carolina, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania, we, it's over. It's, it is. Right. If you get, if you get Georgia, North Carolina and Pennsylvania, it's over. If you get we Wisconsin slicing on the cake, if you get Nevada and Arizona, it's like, you know, even better. And so, Tucker, they put us through hell. I mean, so, So, so, so this actually could end tonight. Oh, absolutely. And it could end sooner, you know, sooner we otherwise thank And you know, o oftentimes, and we, we see a lot of the raw data coming in behind the scenes. And oftentimes the news networks will actually kind of, you know, hold it back for a while. 'cause they wanna Oh Wow. I'm sorry to interrupt. Just, just to give our audience some perspective in case they're not following this 84% counter to North Carolina. They're saying it's too early to call, but Trump is at 51.


I mean, it's not, I mean, Just for context, the New York Times has some at 83% chance of winning as of a second ago. And it's going up every few minutes. And Tucker, the reason I say that, I'm not a boastful guy, dude. It's, it's only 10 40. This is, this is crazy. They've, they've put us through freaking hell over the last nine years. Yeah. They, they've done everything to our family that You can possibly do to have them go after him. To have them try and impeach him, to have them make up the slurs and the dossiers impeach, you know, literally send me 111 subpoenas. I'm the most subpoenaed person in the history. Only to come back against all odds they shot at him. You know, to win decisively early in the night. It, it would be the greatest. You know, I don't wanna use the word revenge. I think it's a little bit too harsh, but maybe it's not. Honestly, they've tried to destroy his life.


They've tried to separate our family. They've tried to destroy our company. They've done everything that they could to take down Donald Trump to win early in the night. Decisively. It, it would be the greatest kind of retribution that you could possibly well to go After, you know, you and your brother in the way that they did. I mean, I, you know, I, I talked to, I had a long talk with your dad about that the other night, weirdly. And, you know, he's pretty emotionally controlled. But he, he, I got to know, I don't think I'm saying anything outta school. He seemed like, just thinking about it, upset him in a, in a real way. That was my read on it. What Adam shifted to Don. Exactly. You Colluded with Russia. We are gonna throw you in jail for the rest of your life. It's treason. Don had nothing to do with Russia. I was the guy that got the calls from the Washington Post New York Times saying, Eric, I hear you have secret servers that are connected to the Kremlin in the basement of Trump Tower.


Now, now Tucker, I want to bring you through the basics, right? You don't put servers in basements because basements flood, let's just like go, you know, 1 0 1. Second of all, we're like largely like a cloud-based. You know, the FBI knew this day one that of course that that, that there were no servers in the basement. And that the whole thing was a made up sham. And they let it go on for, for a three year period of time. So think because some greedy woman wanted to get an extra three votes, they literally pitted the two biggest nuclear superpowers against each other. All almost destroyed, all communication, all relationship that you could have, right? In this kind of phantom made up story, they pitted the largest superpowers against each other. So Hillary Clinton could get what, you know, 20 more votes. So people actually believed it. And we're on the brink of nuclear war with Russia right now because of this.


It's Truly, it's truly sick. I mean, you know how many situations there have been over history where, you know, somebody sh shot up a, you know, a a a weather satellite And they thought there was a missile coming over the pole And they had to use that phone, right? I mean, this is pretty well documented in history. Oh yeah. That these kinds of things have happened. And guess what? They were always making, you know, they were always had the ability to make a phone call. I mean, think all of a sudden it's Russia collusion and you, you pit you know, Vladimir Putin and Trump against one another. And and that call can't be made in the middle of the night when something as innocent as a satellite goes up in space or something along those lines. And I mean, think of what that could lead to, all because of absolute greed. And it's not just, you know, it's not just the Russia hoax, it's, it's the two impeachments. It's going after Kavanaugh's ripping him off of Facebook.


It's ripping him off of, of Instagram and, and Twitter. Right? It's the 110 subpoenas. To me, it's raiding Baron's room. Raiding Melania's room. Right. Take him off the ballot in Colorado. Take him off the ballot in Maine, you know, trying to kill him. And despite that, here we are, you know, here we are on November 5th, you know, it's what, 10, 10 40. And it looks like in the next 20 minutes, you know, two more states that are just critical states could fall. You know, Pennsylvania looks great. All the internal data. I, I think we're gonna win Pennsylvania and in a big way, I think we're gonna win Wisconsin. I think we're gonna win Nevada. And I think we're gonna win Arizona. You know, You're freaking me out. Just when you put it that way. I have to say, you know, Trump always gets attacked for being like, vindictive and all this stuff. It's like, I spent a lot of time talking to him.


I've never heard him describe what you just described in the way that he did. He's actually weirdly not vindictive at all. Yeah. D don't you think? Yeah. Because when you lay it out like that, it's really, I think it bothers a child more than it bothers. Of course. Of course. Right? I get it. I take the insult hurled at him much more personally than I take in. You know, I get No, I Get it. Of it's, of course. It's, you see, you see the, the absolute massacre that they put him through as, as a billionaire who did not need this job. No, I know, right? He, he's the last guy that needed this job. Believe me. His, his life would be exponentially better sitting here in Mar-a-Lago enjoying life, right? And he wants to do this 'cause he wants to save this country. And, you know, he's, he's hell bent on saving this country. There are no vacations. I mean, the two of us haven't slept in 48 hours because we were in a, you know, seven different rallies in the last, you know, 36 hours leading up to this.


I mean, we got in at five 30 this morning. He went straight off to vote when he, you know, when he effectively got in, you know, early this morning. And, you know, the guys worked his ass off. The guy worked his ass off. It gets nothing other than subpoenas and weaponization of government and sitting in courthouses all day long. And so it's actually really vindication of the American people. It's not, it's not vindication of Donald Trump. It's, it's vindication of the American people, which is, Hey, listen, government, you know, we understand your games and you've tried every single one of them, and we haven't believed you. And at the end of it, we're gonna go vote for the guy that you've tried to take down mercilessly because we don't like you. You know, you considered us the flyover states, you forgot about us. You know, we, we, we weren't human to you. Right? We, we were this kind of subhuman class to most of the, yes.


Least in Washington DC You forgot about us. And you know what? Now, now we're gonna go and we're gonna support the guy that, that, that you tried to take down. But the guy that was fighting for us every single day, and as a son, it's the greatest feeling in the world. If he wins this overwhelming, if he gets 315, 316 electoral votes, there's a possibility that he wins literally the popular vote, or comes as close as anybody could possibly come to winning the popular vote. It would be the greatest vindication that everything that he's fought for mattered. You know, that it mattered to the American people. That it mattered to this country. That it mattered to the heart and soul of this nation. And there was nothing that would make me more proud. It's like, It's just the most unbelievable story. I just think I've been too close to it for too long.


I I can't, and really, honestly, until you started talking and laid it out that way, I've never thought about it in this way. But when he lost in 2020, and I kind of, I thought there was something wrong with, now, I, I totally convinced it was stolen. I always get taken off YouTube for saying that, but I, it's, I believe that. But nobody backed him. Yeah. Everyone was like, oh, shut up. Go away. Yeah. People mocked him. His own party wanted him out of there. Sure. They were embarrassed of him. They hated that he wouldn't stop. Mean, they hated that he, oh, shut up. They wouldn't let him on Fox News. Like he was not allowed to talk. And you know what? For every one of the things that I named, right? Again, you know, the, the impeachments and the Kavanaugh's and the Twitters and Facebooks and the censorship and everything, for every one of those things that I just named, there's a hundred that the public never saw.


Oh. Oh, I know that. That Never, you know, never made it across your channels. Never. I mean, oh, I know that. Were Just personal attacks that, that were so vindictive you can't possibly imagine. Right? And, and yet he, he stood up every single day and, And he, he fought the nonsense. And it's, it's Crazy though. I mean, everybody abandoned him. He was literally like him and Rudy. Yeah. Like it was, And against every weaponized system. And, and that's one thing that people forget. It's not just the attacks. They weaponized the DOJ, they weaponized the FBI, they weaponized the mainstream media. They just, you know, better than anybody. You were, you were like the face of it. Right? For, for the longest time, they weaponized social media. When they started pulling 'em off those platforms, they, they weaponized department of of health. Right? I mean, You remember the doctors came out, Hey, hydroxychloroquine might work, right?


They start ripping licenses, they weaponized everything. They weaponized the military with, you know, Millie coming out, I wanna understand white ra. I mean, they weaponized every single government institution that we had as, as a country. And then they weaponized the mainstream media. And you had one guy, you know, maybe one guy with a little bit of us standing on the stage, right? With a loud voice. But you had one guy that literally defeated it all. And he did that because he had the American people behind him. But, but really think about, Think about the David Goliath story of, of all of that. If, if he wins tonight, which he's on the brink of Dylan, it was one guy that beat the American media and all the other weaponized systems that tried to take him down. I mean, it's, it's fascinating, right? As a guy who came in, he didn't know what a delegate was when we got into politics.


I mean, they literally, like, we didn't know what the hell a caucus was. I remember getting to Iowa and asking some of those staffer, you know, I'm about to speak at a big caucus. Can somebody explain it to me? What the hell? A caucus. And by the way, you didn't know either until you got politics, Right? Oh, come on. I still dunno. I've covered a million caucuses, you Know, and, and, and, and so a guy who literally knew not a damn thing about the system beat Hillary, one of the greatest political dynasties ever, you know, beat her when she outraged him five to one. I mean, she raised 1.5 billion. I mean, he put in 200 million bucks and, you know, raised another hundred like, I mean, against all odds, and then beat the mainstream media in this country, beat that whole weaponized system. You know, he was down, he was out. There were serious questions about what happened in, in 2020.


And I'm not a conspiracy guy. I'm not like the tin foil. It just, the Fact, Right? Statistically, you could prove it. He's at two 10 right now to one 30, and Then he comes back after all of that, And he wins And he wins by a massive electoral number. It'll be one of the greatest comeback stories of, of all time. Right. The Greatest I've ever seen. I've never seen anything like it. Like ever, ever. And one last thing, not to get too deep with you, but No, I, I'm, I'm loving this and I I've never heard you, I mean, I've talked to you a million times, I've never heard you like this. He, He wrote two books, right? One was The Art of the Deal, And They Art of the Deal. If you look at it like, it just kind of, the parallels to the 2016 campaign is, is really incredible. But then, then he wrote the card Art of the Comeback years later, right? He had the financial problems in, in the early nineties, interest rates went up to 18%.


He was heavily, heavily levered. And he fought his ass off to come back from the brink of, And he came back bigger and stronger than, than he, right? And so he wrote a second book, the Art of the Comeback. And I've always said that those books mirror his life in politics. And no one ever for some reason puts it together. If he does what I think he's gonna do within the next hour, two hours, if CNN decides to drag it out, it's gonna be the greatest comeback in American history. It might be the greatest comeback in, in political history, down and out with everyone against you sitting in a freezing cold courtroom with 34 indictments and everything else they tried to do to bury him and bankrupt him and, you know, destroy his family and, you know, split all of us up.


And now all of a sudden you're here on the one yard line, Tucker, it's awesome. I mean, it's a, it's, it's truly a fairytale story. And it's a story. In fact, I think that if you wrote it down in a novel, people wouldn't believe you, Man. It's not the life you expected. I Bet it's a very different life than we expected. Well, that was, that was, that was amazing. I will not forget this conversation. He did say one last thing coming down that escalator, that first day, right? The elevator. He goes, you're gonna remember who your friends are, your real friends are, and they're gonna hit us in ways that You can never possibly imagine. They're gonna be ruthless. They're gonna be ruthless. And he said That that day. He said that going down the elevator before we got on the escalator, before he announced, obviously in 2016, Did you believe him?


Yes. Because he's got good intuition, but never to the extent, I mean, were you for it? Oh, I was totally for it. Oh, Absolutely. In 16 you Were for Oh, I was totally for it. Why? But, but Tucker, just remember one thing about 16, like you had a pretty good Deal going Is 16, we thought that the deep state was like Nancy Pelosi being in government for 40 years. Right? Like, I literally, like, you know, Joe Biden's been in, in, in government, you know, 15 years longer and I've been alive and I've got gray in my beard. Right? So that was remember like drain the swamp. Yeah. Remember this chance? Yeah. Yeah. That was like, okay, get rid of Maxine Waters, who's been there for 40 years. It, it wasn't like, okay, you're gonna have the ccia a come after you. You're gonna have the DOJ come after you. You're gonna have every ag and and da weaponized against you.


You're gonna have made up hoaxes. I don't think we could have ever comprehended truly, It's Like truly how rough it was gonna be. And, and, and I think his words really rang true. They're gonna come after us in ways that you can't possibly imagine, Man, when, if he wins in the next hour, I'm gonna come find you. 'cause I just wanna shake your hand that Eric Trump, that was wonderful. Thank you. That was fun. I appreciate it. Thank you. So I think it's pretty clear that a pivotal figure, I'm not sucking up, I've never taken any money from the man, just wanna be clear about that. But a pivotal figure, not just in this election, but in, in the history of this country, is Elon Musk and who was just wa walked in with his son, who's so cute.


It's ridiculous. That kid. Oh, hey, whatcha doing? You wanna just throw my ear or something? I guess so. All right, we got mini me here. It certainly is. Mini Me. You complete me. What's your name? What's your name? Actually I gonna show you. And there We're on tv. I think This is Wild Ex.


Should we help President Trump? Yeah. Well you have, you have Truths from the mouth of babe, it Looks like, I mean, it looks, I Started this the quietly What you're saying x you're getting, you, you have the general vibe. Yeah. The Space ax it quietly. Just do whatever we want. I Liked your laugh. That's a laugh of an honest man. Yeah. I think this, what what's your assessment? Is this, did this work? Is he gonna win? Yeah.


Yeah. Really? I think It's, I think it's done. You think it's done? Yeah. Yeah. But not for now. Not for long. So where are we? 89 per, I mean, okay, so it's 10 52. It's a little earlier than Obama told us. We're gonna have to wait a month or something. Yeah, yeah. A a er LI Mean, I'm, I looking at the, the data as it as it comes in from every county in Pennsylvania and Oh, He can tell us it's alright.


And It, it seems extremely likely that no, if, if not a certain, So, so then we're done. Done. I mean, are you surprised because I'm, I'm shocked by how quickly this happened. I'm not particularly surprised because the No, That's like, okay. Actually we might have to No, Sammy Timal. Oh, she's so nice. You don't need to worry. She's really nice. So, let's see. So I think more relevant than the polls is looking at the, the early voting data.


And if you look at the early voting data in, in Pennsylvania, for example, and you compare the, the Republican minus Democrat vote across all of the swing states. But certainly in Pennsylvania, the, the delta was as of this morning, I believe 600, 2000. So meaning like the relative to 2020. Right? So if you say like, okay, how, how is President Trump doing relative to 2020? The difference in early voting was six over 600,000, the margin of victory, biden's margin of victory in, in 2020 was only 80,000. Which if so a reasonable extrapolation, assuming that let, let's assume that the in-person voting is no better than 2020 than you would expect a margin of victory for President Trump of approximately half a million.


Right? So yeah, I don't think you necessarily need to be like some incredible prognosticator if you just look at the data. But they were telling us, you know, on cnn, You know, they'll, But, but, but, but, but why particularly, what was the point of lying about it? Which I dunno If they lie and maybe they just don't understand. Yeah. I mean, I've been posting on X about this. I literally post the charts and I post the data, you know, I'm just looking at the data. But how could Trump win? I mean, they, after they indicted him, he's a rapist, he's a criminal. I mean, they've been attacking Trump like every day for nine years. Sure. And, And he wins bigger this time than in 2016 against a candidate who's outspending him three to one all in.


How could that happen? No, it's remarkable. In fact, it's not just that the, that that the Kamal sort of Kamala machine puppet machine campaign Yeah. Is outspending is so not that the dams are out massively outspending of Republicans in the swing states, including any contribution that I make. But you also have the, the sort of legacy mainstream media, which is overwhelmingly in favor of, of Kamala. They might as well be an extension of the D nnc. Well, they are. Yeah. Yeah. You know, the DNC just sends them whatever the talking points are, And they all just talk like NPCs essentially all day long. What instantly. And then you've also got, I mean, God knows how many celebrity endorsements.


I mean, it was like sort of running outta like, is any way, call it 80%, 90% of celebrity endorsements on the dem side. So you basically, you, you, you have what what appears to be a deck that is very much stacked in favor of the de like you say, like how can a Republican win at all? Yeah. Now, I mean, one of the things that, that we, we did do to kind of even the odds was we massively improved the repu Republican ground game. My America Pac massively improved the, the Republican ground game in the swing states. So the, the Democrats only have The best ground game, you know, just in terms of knocking on doors, talking to people.


Sounds simple. Just having, you know, a good sort of word of mouth virality campaign, having good, you know, messaging that, that, that appeals to people's specific interests. It just, and, and then making sure people get to the pulse. You know, just making sure that people have transport. The, the Democrats are only extremely good with getting just yes. You know, making it convenient. 'cause for a lot of people, it's just, if, if they'll vote, it is just maybe they don't have a ride. Yeah. You know, so we just made sure everyone had a ride. We made sure that any, we, we, we paid particular attention to the Amish community in Pennsylvania. It's amazing. Just Had anyone ever gotten the Amish out to vote before?


Not insignificant numbers, but the Democrats did make a mistake because they, there, there was government overreach and with some of the Amish farmers. Yes. And you know, they're just, there's not such thing as like, like organic farming or not organic, they just, they're farmers. They're like, they've been farming the same way for a long time. You know, and, and, And there was some, you know, just government overreach that, that shut down some Amish farmers that which really, you know, made them pretty upset. And you just need to be able to channel that. You know, the fact that they're upset and like, well, there's a thing You can do about it, which is called voting and, and we're happy to, you know, transport you to, they're allowed to write, write in vans if, as long as they're not driving the van.


So, you know, we're just making sure we bring 'em to the polls And they vote how, how they wanna vote, which is gonna be like 99.9% actually call it a hundred. It Hundred a Hundred. Said the Yeah. These are raw milk producers. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So you endorsed Trump within minutes of him being shot? Yeah. I mean, I, how many, I mean, it was literally minutes I think, because I remember Yeah. And then you just went more all in than I've ever seen anybody ever go. Yeah. What, what was the, did you ever doubt or did you just decide to go all in and you just did it? I mean, my philosophy is you, you play, you play win. Yeah. You don't play it by half measure. So yeah.


I mean, I was with the team every day, seven days a week, just working the early votes in Pennsylvania and other swing states at first, first registrations first. Like, if people don't register, they can't vote. So the initial focus was just maximizing registrations and, and then once the registration deadline was over, just getting the early votes, you know? Yeah. X from my perspective, played a pivotal role, not just in this election, but in keeping the country alive. Yeah. Well, X is, I think, the one, one place where You can find out the truth. Yes. And The only place.


Yeah. So how much pressure, to the extent You can say has there been on you to shut it down or to censor it? Well, I mean, apart from the multiple Democrats saying that I should go, they wanna put me in jail, take away all government contracts from my companies nationalize, my companies deport me as an illegal and had me arrested because I'm apparently Putin's best friend. Nothing besides those things. So you saw what Rachel Maddow sort of casually who's the single most popular media figure on the left. Yeah. For the right. Say just sort of casually, will Elon Musk School obviously need to be separated from his companies?


You know, he can't be a government, he can't hold government contracts going forward, but what, what, like how do you respond to that? Rachel Mad is a crazy person. You know, she's just a frothing at the mouth. Crazy. Fascist, basically dressed as sort of pretending to be a liberal. But she's just really like, I can't imagine the, imagine if she was in, in charge actually in a position of political power of what a nightmare that would be. Well, many would die. Yes. So do you expect the pressure will lessen now that Trump, I mean, we'll see, I mean, certainly last time President Trump was elected, I mean, I think they, they try to impeach him within like 20 minutes of him taking office.


Yes. This time I, I don't know. I we will see, I they may, I, I don't think they'll be quite as intense this last time because I think WW I can, I think we actually, we actually have a decent chance here of, of a significant victory. Not, not, not a small victory. Yes. And at the point at which you clearly just have the public mandate. You then you have the public mandate. I mean, I think numbers I've seen were, were close to winning the, the, you know, popular vote in, in addition to the electoral vote. Yes. Even those, there's basically been zero campaigning in California, which is the biggest state in the country.


So, you know, sometimes people say, oh, you know, the Republican didn't win, didn't win the popular vote. I'm like, that's because it wasn't trying. Right. If you actually try to win the public popular vote, then You can do it. Yeah, yeah. It doesn't take, doesn't take that much. I think it made a big difference that President Trump and soon to be Vice President Vance went on lengthy podcasts. Yes. I think this makes it like this is, this really makes a difference because, you know, people look at like, like Joe Rogan's podcast, which is, which is great. And you know, Lex Friedman's and the All In podcast. Yeah. And you know, to, to a reasonable minded smart person who's not like hardcore one way or the other.


They just listen to someone talk for a few hours And they, they, they, that's how they decide whether you're, you know, a good person, whether they like you and, and, you know, especially like, like Rogan's podcast three hours long. I mean, you know, you could, this is why like, I, I actually posted on x like the, the, the nothing would do more damage to Kamala's campaign than going on Joe Rogan because she'd run out of non sequiturs after about 45 minutes. Yeah. But You can't hide in three hours. Yeah. Like hour two and three would be a complete melted puddle of, of nonsense. So it, it would just be absolute game over. That's why he shouldn't go on S So I mean, how does, but, But Trump, but on the hand, Trump is, he's there and he's, there's no, there's no talking points.


He's just, he just being an normal pusy, he's having a conversation on, you know, and doing three hours of Rogan. No problem. What do you Think of him? You spent a lot of time with him in the last several months. I, I think he's, I think he's a very interesting, funny, funny person and you know, much maligned by the media, obviously. And he is withstood a lot, you know. Oh, and I think he's, he is, you know, you mentioned that I, as you mentioned, I endorsed him immediately after he he was shot. Yeah. Because I, you know, when you see somebody under fire, what, what is their reaction to they, because you know, immediately is someone brave or are they coward?


Yes. Yes. Okay. The bullets, they get hit by bullets, bloods, you know, come down face. They could, it could have been a second shooter and yet, you know, he is going fight by fight. You know, that's, that's true. True courage. Yes. Can't fake it. Impossible. And America is the, the home of the free and land, you know, land of the brave. So that's who we want as president. It was super, We want, we want a brave, a strong, brave person as President. Amen. And he is that, How, how are you gonna be involved? Well, I, you know, I've said I'd be happy to help improve the, you know, government efficiency, obviously department of government efficiency, which, you know, I think is sorely needed.


We've, we've got a gigantic government bureaucracy, we've got overregulation, you've got agencies that have overlapping responsibilities. There's something like 450 government, federal government agencies, you know, almost two per year that that company since, since America was, was founded. So, I mean, we're, we're just creating new agencies all the time. And it's getting to the point where basically everything's legal. You just can't get anything done. I've noticed, and this translates to these, these become real costs to, to people. I just, they're, they're hidden costs, but they're very substantial. You know, it's very hard to build new housing if, if, if you're burdened with massive requirements that don't make any sense.


It drives up the housing cost, it slows down new housing starts. So, you know, we need to let the builders of America build. Amen. Yeah. So you're not going to the Gulag, it turns out. Well, not immediately. I mean, maybe in five years. I don't know. They might be probably pretty grumpy about this one. But I think I got at least several years before I go to the Gulag. Well, congratulations. I've never seen anything like this in my life. Exciting times. Amazing. Hey, here's to fantastic future, Elon Musk. Thank you. Thank you. And Thank you. See you, man.


Can't top that. We're gonna go see Trump and join the celebration. Thank you.