
The, The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spent $5 to get 200 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's S number one Sportsbook 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt Restrictions apply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER


Donald J. Trump gets elected in November on the back of this amazing coalition on unprecedented coalition, different parts of American society. You never thought of anything in common. Trump paints a picture that makes it really obvious that the old structure left versus right. Democrat versus Republicans, basically BS and a control device. I think this is my interpretation Anyway, so he creates this brain new coalition. New York Times writes almost nothing about it 'cause it's such a massive threat. But this coalition, which you are, you described earlier and more precisely than anybody by far, is the defining fact of American politics. And it kind of feels like it's being blown up over this war on Iran.


That's my observation. Correct me? Well, I think if you look at the three planks, no forever stop the Forever Wars seal the border and deport the the illegal alien, you know, invaders and redo the commercial relationships in the world around trade deals and bring high value added manufacturing jobs back here. They're trying to shut all three down, right? Yeah. But the one that they, the one that they're obsessed with the most, which I find strange is the forever wars. They've gotta be in the forever wars and particularly in the Middle East. I mean, this is what, And I I'm a big supporter of Israel. Yes. And I'm telling people, Hey, if we get sucked into this war, which inexorably looks like it's gonna happen on the combat side, it's gonna not just blow up the coalition, it's also gonna thwart what we're doing with the most important thing, which is the deportation of, of the illegal alien invaders that are here.


If we don't do that, we don't have a country. And you just see, Right now they're doubling triple down. This is actually potentially a real civil war in our biggest cities. And President Trump has to have our backing. So, and this came outta nowhere. I mean the, the trade deals you saw, he put, he put together the Liberation day. But they've been thinking about it a long time. I mean, Trump's been talking about this since Lew Dobbs back in the nineties. He lays that out there. It's very sophisticated. He's got Scott Bessant running around with Lutnick. They're trying to make these deals. He sealed the border already in the first 60 days. Now we're really going down and actually having the deportation see the fight. And then outta nowhere comes a war with Persia. It's like a shooting war with Persia.


A massive shooting worth Persia. And it's like, how did this happen? And that's why I've been up as a defender of Israel and someone that's very pro Israel. I've been saying, Hey, this is gonna be the end of Israel, of the way these decisions have been made. And you have, I think shockingly today, early when we had you on the show, you bring up a point that we have to address, which I think it's the thing itself. What is it about this apparatus when you have a coalition that's like 1932 that's coming together. Like, like Roosevelt had Harvard professors and crackers and in Democrats and ranchers out west and big city bosses and the Irish and the Italians. And he put it all together and they juggled it.


And they got Brooklyn, Butte, Montana, Birmingham, Alabama, and they're all on the same side. How did that Happen? And they govern literally almost all the way to Trump. You know, Reagan took out part of it. New Gingrich took out part of it, but it was 50, 60, 70 years. We have the same ability. We have hard Scrabble Hispanics on the rear Grand Valley Yeah. To South Texas. We have tech bros. We have, you know, economic nationalists, we have economic populists, we have people that wanna stop their forever wars. There's three planks. And right at the beginning of it, you know, and it's on the 10th anniversary of coming down the golden escalator. That was 10 years ago, Sunday. And I tell people as many triumphs and tragedies, victories and defeats, good days and horrible days when we're winning.


And sometimes we're losing those 10 years of everything that's gone on is just the preamble for where we are today on the convergence of these crises. And now all of a sudden a shooting war where they're taking the Nimitz Battle group out of the South China Sea and sending three carrier battle groups now to the North Arabian Sea, red Sea plus Arley Burke destroyers and a whole fleet in the Eastern Mediterranean we're prepping for a major shooting war. And how did it happen? I think what's most shocking is what you said. Hey, it was like Iraq. You're inexorably just drawn and decisions kind of just happen. It's like what's happened over the last seven, two hours? How do we even get to this point? How did this actually happen?


Who made these decisions when we had the intel out there that this was not like a thing, this was something that was gonna happen a year or two from now. Yes. Is Bibe admitted to Brett Bear on Sunday night? And so the question before us is not simply the Israel Persia situation is what the fuck is going on in this city that just drives this city, whether you're Barack Obama or Donald Trump. And if we don't sort it out now, And I mean Right now, that's what we have to have a throw down. We have to name names, we have to expose it. If we don't throw it out now, throw down now in the summer of 2025, we're not gonna have a country, you know, forget the midterms, forget the, the, the, the, the next election. I still, we have to have this what the CIA is what happened in Ukraine, what the CIA has done, what d And I is doing, what the Justice Department, what the, what the FBI, what DIA and the Pentagon of.


'cause Right now we only have a tenuous grip on those. We have two people at FBI cash and, and Bonino. We've got a handful of people over at the Justice Department in a massive 30 some person or 15,000, 20,000 person operation. We have a three or four people at d And I with 17 agencies. We're putting a couple of people in there at the Pentagon. We got Pete and a handful, a handful of guys. And every time a guy steps up or the team steps up to say they wanna stop the forever wars, they're turfed out. He's lost 10 people since we've even got there. And every time Bridge Kobe tries to do something, you know, bridge Kobe's on the front page of that, he's an appeaser. So my point is, is that we now we're getting down to it with all these converging crises.


We have a apparatus that reports to Wall Street, to foreign investors, to Silicon Valley in business where the Chinese communist party that's running the deal. And now's the time we got, we, if we don't lance the bull over this, this country, you're not gonna, if you can't turn around with Trump, the Trump team, he has people like you, myself and the, they're blessed to have these apparatuses. If we can't do this now, it's not gonna get done. And so that's why, to me, it's gone of everything doing, stopping the forever wars, redoing the commercial relationships of trying to bring jobs back and sealing the border and sending home the 10 deporting 10 million, which is gonna be massive. Almost like a civil war in these big cities of all of those.


And I've always said the deportations the most. And to get our sovereignty back, the war we have to have now the throw down we have to have now is with the deep state. And we can't, I think we, we've we've, we've looked away too often. We just kind of kicking the can down the road. And if we can't do it now with Trump, it's not gonna get done. It does feel Like Fox News is playing. And I never criticize Fox 'cause they were so kind to me. But they are playing a, like a, a central role in the Propaganda operation here. It feels like It's, it's the what, let's go back to the Iraq war. I mean you were there, you saw it. Look at the Iraq war. I promoted The Iraq war when knowing because of the information you are giving.


Yeah. Knowingly what they did, if you go back to look at Iraq, it's not like these things are successful. They're not successful, they're unsuccessful, they can't be successful because as Lincoln told us, what you need is popular opinion to have your back. And we don't do enough about educating the American people and what reality is, in fact, they give them the exact opposite. That's why this all, that's what this is. The rise of Trump is from two things. The rise of Trump is from the failed Iraq war and from the 2008 financial collapse. Exactly. You you had bucha before that. Exactly. We had parole before that. We had even Reagan for some populism national, you had these sprout that you could see people were trying to get there, but they couldn't. It was those two C cataclysmic events.


Right. An epic failed war. Right. That we were lied to about everything. The reason we went in. 'cause remember at first the American people supported it, given the information. Yes. They were given. Then later they realized that, hey, not just with the initial predicate for this a lie. All the updates were kind of a lie, right? All the updates were a lie. We really weren't winning. Right. Until we sent General Kelly to the Amber Ambar province to be the toughest tribe. It was. And it took forever. And what, 8,000 dead, 50,000 wounded, $9 trillion, 2 trillion in, or 7 trillion in Iraq and, and 2 trillion in Afghanistan. You're just lied about the entire time. That's what's happening here. We're not being dealt with straight. And I'm just saying that on the information that's put out, the Israeli position on this has changed three or four times.


First it was the nuclear bomb, the the processing. Or there was gonna be something like last weekend you had to go, now you had to go on Thursday night. It had to happen. Right? Then we find out it's a year away at earliest and then it's a decapitation strike. They're trying to have regime change that just kind of came up over the weekend and saying, oh, well since they're there, we're there, we have to do it. Understand they said this is unilateral, we're doing our own. But understanding that they needed American heir assets on the defense to protect themselves. And this is why the early Burke were rushed in. And this is why American defense assets have been used nonstop. Now they're talking about, oh by the way, we really can't take out for door.


We can't take out the the hidden mountainous second part of this. We need American combat sorties, we need American tankers to refuel us. We need the bus bunker busting bombs and we need assets. This thing changes all the time. When Tulsi GT's still out there as the last thing publicly said by a senior intelligence official. She said in March they don't have a program. They haven't had a program. And Brett Baer asked, that's why Brett Baer asked, asked Bibe on Sunday night. And Bibe said, well, we have new information, new intelligence. Well hold it. We were told that we gave you exquisite intelligence. You weren't giving us intelligence. Exactly. We have to have a total vetting. And by the way, we need to get a vetting on Ukraine.


We need to get a vet vetting on was American intelligence involved? Because it's a zero probability that without our satellites, without targeting information, without fire control information, there's no chance that the Ukrainians, a as courageous as they are, as as as much valor as they have, could have pulled out something so complicated. And so this is Right now the fight. The fight has to be, we have to take on the deep state. We have to name names, and we have to basically take these organizations and take 'em apart. And that's, then you're gonna unmask everybody in DC that's not really on your side. You're gonna unmask all those people that say they're conservative and say they're Republicans. When they start protecting this, you're gonna say, well, hang on for a second.


This doesn't mean we're constitutional Republic Trump's commander in chief. This is what a constitutional republic's about. I don't care if AOCs the president later on, or Bernie Sanders or JD Vance another right winger Right now. We have a system that's like the Pretorian guard. It just, it's got its own national security policy. It's got its own reason for existence and it doesn't care who, whether it's progressive like Barack Obama or a, a economic populist nationalist like Donald Trump. And so that is the fight we have to take on today.


You probably heard about eight sleep, Lots of people are talking about it. It is a company with one mission improving your sleep. And it's changing the way people do that, the way they get a good night's rest. We just got word that their team is launching a new product. It's called the Pod five. It's an original and innovative mattress cover plus a blanket that uses precision temperature control to regulate your body's sleep cycles and give you the perfect sleep. Which really, really matters. It can range all the way from 55 degrees to 110 degrees. Meaning that you're covered no matter what, it's like electric blanket to the next level, but also a cooling blanket. So it makes you sleep better. Temperature is a massive effect on the way you sleep. By the way. It also detects snoring and then it adjusts your bed position to reduce or completely stop it. So there are a lot of ladies in America who are gonna be grateful for this product. Everybody who works here will tell you 'cause they all use it, that there's no better way to be alert, productive, and happy than by sleeping well. And eight sleep really does help. Visit eight sleep.com/ TUCKER. Use the code TUCKER to get 350 bucks off your pod five Ultra. If you don't like it, you return it within a month. That won't happen. We think you'll love it. But you can if you want. Eight sleep.com/ TUCKER.


Nuclear power keeps America running from our homes to our military. But the enriched uranium that fuels our reactors we're dependent on foreign state owned enterprises. Now they want to use our tax dollars to manufacture their centrifuge is overseas. Centris Energy has a better solution. Centris is restoring our ability to enrich uranium here at home with American technology built by American workers. Let's secure our energy independence. Learn how at fueling our future. Do us.


It's one of the saddest things about this country. The country's getting sicker despite all of our wealth and technology. Americans aren't doing well overall. Obesity, heart disease, autoimmune conditions, all kinds of horrible chronic illnesses. Weird cancers are all on the rise. Probably a lot of reasons for this. But one of 'em definitely is Americans don't eat very well anymore. They don't eat real food. Instead they eat industrial substitutes and it's not good.


It's time for something new. And that's where MAA chips come in. Maa has decided to revive real food by creating snacks. How they used to be made, how they're supposed to be made. A MAA chip has just three simple ingredients, not 117 three, no seed oils, no artificial additives, just real delicious food. And I know this 'cause we eat a ton of them in my house. And by the way, I feel great. So you can still continue to snack, but you can do it in a healthy way with chips without feeling guilty about it. Maa chips are delicious. They taste how a tortilla chip is supposed to taste. But the thing is, you can hit 'em really, really hard And I have and not feel bloated or sluggish after you feel like you've done something decent for your body. You don't feel like you got a head injury or you don't feel filled with guilt. You feel light and energetic. It's the kind of snack your grandparents ate worth bringing back. So you can go to maa chips.com Maas, MASA, by the way, maa chips.com/ TUCKER to start snacking. Get 25% off. We enjoy him. You will too.


There's this mad scramble in Washington on the right to invoke Trump's name and to make the case that no, no I represent Trump. He's on my side. I'm true maga. And you, you wind up with these kind of hallucinogenic scenes where you have people who hated Trump, who were never Trump. Mark Levin, you know, is hates Trump, which is fine, but he's like the standard bear for Trump. But what makes it even more perverse is that these same people are allied with a deep state that is subverting Trump's stated agenda, which is negotiation toward peace. Both in Ukraine. Absolutely. And in the Middle East. Trump has said, we want to get to an agreement with a lasting peace so we can all be richer, safer, and happier.


And in both places, his so-called allies who secretly hate him, have destroyed That. And most of those guys are, almost all of them to a person. Were for the Ukraine War. People in your audience should understand one principle thing. We are farther down the pike in a kinetic part of a third world war than how World War II started. If you go back, if you go back from September of 1939, the invasion, the start of the European War, not the Asian. But if you start with the invasion of Poland by the Germans and you go to 19 June of 1941, the invasion of Russia by the Veach. And you look at that time, it's really, they called the phony war. You look at the casualties from the Battle of Britain, the blitz, the fall of France.


You look at what happened in North Africa early on, Finland throwing 300,000 Finland. You add it all up. It's not half of what's happened between Ukraine and and Gaza today and now and now in Persia. We are much bloodier. This is a much, we're in a con. We're in a shooting part of the third world war. The third world is not about to start. It has started. And that's what Trump is saying. What he wants to do is have everybody lay their guns down. Let's get to the table and figure out a tenuous, at least cer, you know, subtle peace that we then use capital and trade and commerce and try to rebuild these countries. And let's get people back to work and maybe and tamp this thing down.


Whereas the apparatus is doing is exacerbating the conflict part of it. That's where we are Right now in the summer of 2025. And that's, this thing is gonna be in the next 200 days. The next 200 days are some of the most perilous times for the American Republic in its history. Because if we don't get this sorted, we're gonna be drawn in totally into a conflict as a combatant, as not a supplier of logistics or as an actual combatant. A participant in the situation of Ukraine. What they did in Russia and the situation of what Israel is Right now doing to the mullahs, as bad as they are and as evil as they are, right, we're gonna get sucked into a shooting war of which it'll be 10 years and the casualties will dwarf anything you saw in World War ii.


One Of the lessons that we never talk about from World War II since you evoked the comparison is that the second the shooting war started in Great Britain and the United States opponents the war went to jail. And Winston Churchill's entire political opposition went to jail with their wives. With their wives for the duration of the war. And some of them died. That's been completely vicious a fact. And you can call those people whatever you want. And they may have been terrible people, whatever, but they were his political opponents and he put 'em in jail and and Roosevelt did, you know, sick the federal government on opponents of the war flat out. So If his Lincoln Lincoln did the same thing And Lincoln did the same. That's exactly right. And I Love Lincoln and, and and areas that we control in the Revolutionary War, which not a lot, the same thing happened.


That's called war. Exactly. This is what happened. Exactly. And opponents of war are invariably described as allies of the enemy. And they're ed. Do you worry about that happening to you? You just said on camera, I don't want this war, but we're moving toward a third world war. Well I saw Apol look. Are you worried about going back to jail? I Went, I went to prison. I went to prison on a misdemeanor. But it was kind of one of the same things. I wouldn't testify, I wouldn't turn. 'cause I said this committees not legitimate, doesn't have a ranking member doesn't have a minority council is totally legitimate. Plus he's got executive privilege. That's good enough for me. And I, if I have to fight this And I think it's gonna go to the Supreme Court, although I've served my prison sentence, I'm taking it up to the Supreme Court 'cause I had a pretty good ruling.


Not terrible from the, from the, from the appeals court. A couple of the judges are making arguments about why I should take it further. It's definitely gonna happen. Look at what's happening to you. I mean I've known you for a long time And I sit there And I look at what's they're saying about TUCKER. I said, what is TUCKER saying? So, so bad. He's kind of laying out these arguments that ought to be debated Right now in the halls. I feel pretty moderate. Tom Cotton's coming out and saying all these influencers and podcasters. Well let's have a debate. When we had a debate about the Ukraine, about the funny Ukraine in the Senate, we beat 'em. This is why Mitch McConnell had to resign. We we can. Because why? Because the podcasters and influencers are much closer to the MAGA base and can deliver the heat into the house and the Senate.


And they know that I'm all for having a war powers act debate Right now. Exactly. I agree. Let's let, let's, let's have the American people weigh in. 'cause you're gonna see the American people are 90% against forever wars. And even people that support Israel are saying exactly what we're doing here. We thought we had this thing in Gaza, had to clean up with the Muslim Brotherhood and Hamas. Next thing you know, we're dropping, we're bombing that. We're bombing teran and you're taking incomings. What's happened in Tel Aviv over the last 24 hours is pretty shocking. 'cause you're taking these ballistic missiles. What Trump's been saying? Everybody calm down. Let's get back to the table. I can get actual thing. And he said, I can get it. We can take it apart. We can blow it up if we want to. But I can cut a deal and whi c and Trump, if you gotta talk about two deal makers that don't, are not like diplomats, but guys actually going to get stuff done.


I feel more confidence with Steve Whitcoff and Donald Trump trying to work something out than continue on the shooting war where trust me with a carrier battle group heading over there and all these tankers heading over to, to the Middle East. We are prepping Right now to come in on the offensive side of combat sword. And that's a game changer. As bad as it is now that we're a combatant. 'cause we are a combatant. Which I say if they're unilateral, why do we get sucked in here? Where is that decision where you said, Hey Steve, decisions just get made. You never know how they get made. They're Organic. They don't, there's never a moment where we stop and we say, do we wanna be involved in another Middle Eastern war? You just wind up there just like everything in life. You're just like, how did I get here?


But I think that's why they're attacking you. 'cause you're saying, hang over a second. Let's have a national discussion on this Right now before we get in. And they don't want that. But why the viciousness not not toward me. I mean, well I'm kind of punched out of society, but like why, why is it this topic evokes a, a cruelty and a dishonesty that no other topic Does? It's never been questioned like this for there's never been questioned out in the out in the open. Yeah. We've never had this debate that you've kind of led for the last couple of months that now we're actually having this debate. They've never had people in government like Tulsi Gabbard like, like Bridge Colby, like others. And look, I, I don't think bridge is hard enough in the Chinese Communist Party, but his book was amazing.


And he's got the pivot to Asia, which we have to get to if people wanna see how the institutions and apparatus is work. And this is why the Democrats are all institutionalists now, right? Oh, we're the anti-institutional guys because you see how corrupt they are. You, you need not look further than centcom. One of the problems we have is that Obama tried it. Obama put his whole presidency on the national security side. We're gonna pivot outta Asia. We're gonna pivot outta Middle East to Asia. The pivot to Asia put Joe Biden in charge after eight years. He had one combat brigade of Marines, Ford deployed to Brisbane, Austria or Darwin Australia. That was it. No other changes. No other changes.


So here's a company we're always excited to advertise because we actually use their products every day. It's Merriweather farms. Remember when everybody knew their neighborhood butcher? You look back and you feel like, oh, there was something really important about that. Knowing the person who cut your meat. And at some point your grandparents knew the people who raised their meat so they could trust what they ate. But that time is long gone. It's been replaced by an era of grocery store mystery meat boxed by distant beef corporations. None of which raised a single cow. Unlike your childhood, they don't know you. They're not interested in you. The whole thing is creepy. The only thing that matters to them is money. And God knows what you're eating. Merriweather Farms is the answer to that. They raise their cattle in the US and in Wyoming, Nebraska and Colorado. And they prepare their meat themselves in their facilities. In this country, no middlemen, no outsourcing, no foreign beef sneaking through a back door. Nobody wants foreign meat. Sorry. We have a great meat, the best meat here in the United States. And we buy ours at Merriweather Farms. Their cuts are pasture raised. Hormone free. Antibiotic free and absolutely delicious. I gorged on one last night. You gotta try this for real. Every day we eat it. Go to merriweather farms.com/ TUCKER. Use the code TUCKER 76 for 15% off your first order. That's merryweather farms.com/ TUCKER.


So the people trying to wreck our civilization want you to be passive. They want you weak so they can control you. Weakness is their goal. No thanks. Our friends at Beam, a proud American company. Understand that our country can only be great if its people are strong. And that's why they've created a new creatine product to help listeners like you stay mentally sharp and physically fit. People like to mock creatine. CN doesn't like creatine at all, but people buy it 'cause it works. Beam's creatine can help you improve your strength, your brain health, your longevity. It's completely free of sugar and synthetic garbage. That's in almost everything else that you eat. Of course you don't hear about it too much because again, a population that is strong, clear-minded and physically capable is a threat to tyrants. That's why they want you playing video games. To celebrate American strength, actual American strength Beam is offering up to 30% off their bestselling creatine for the next 48 hours. Go to shop beam.com/ TUCKER. Use the code TUCKER at checkout. That's shop beam BEA m.com/ TUCKER. Use the code TUCKER for up to 30% off. It's built on core values. Integrity results. No BS beam. We strongly recommend it.


Remember in 2020 when CNN told you the George Floyd riots were mostly peaceful, even as flames rose in the background, it was ridiculous. But it was also a metaphor for the way our leaders run this country. They're constantly telling you everything is fine, everything is fine, don't worry, everything's under control. Nothing to see here. Move along and obey. No one believes that crime is not going away. Supply chains remain fragile. It does feel like some kind of global conflict could break out at any time. So the question is, if things went south tomorrow, would you be ready? Well, if you're not certain that you'd be ready, you need ammo squared. Ammo squared is the only service that lets you build an ammunition stockpile automatically. You literally set it on an autopilot. You pick the calibers you want, how much you wanna save every month, then they'll ship it to you or they'll store it for you and ship it. When you say So, you get 24 7 access to manage the whole thing. So don't let the people in charge. Don't let CNN lull you into a fake sense of safety. Take control of your life, protect your family. Be prepared. Go to ammo square.com to learn more.


Hey, on our fir in our first track, wait guys, Ask pause. I supported that. That was like the, I despised Obama. I think he wrecked the country, but I don't think that's a cra That was not a crazy idea to pivot. We're having this debate. I have Flynn on today after you the same, we're having the same debate today. Remember the carrier battle group that's Overprotecting Taiwan in the South China Sea is now en route to the Malacca Straits. The Nimitz Battle Group is going to the North Arabian city. So You're a former naval officer. Give us a sense of the decision making process that leads to a movement. Well Here's what in, in on November what? Fifth of 79, I'm a destroyer officer navigator on a destroyer in a carrier battle group. We're doing the changeover from San Diego, from We're Home Point.


The third fleet to the seventh Fleet all takes place in Hawaii. The Hawaiian operator, you do like three or four days of workup because they have a certain different lingo and a different tempo. So you gotta get to how they do it. We get called in in the middle of the night and the red phone, everybody line up single file and head into Pearl Harbor. Well, Pearl Harbor as a see detail is almost impossible to do 'cause it's so narrow. Right? And honolulu's up there. So it's not like World War ii, it's very dangerous. We go in there and we hear the hostage has been taken, taken. And now all of our assets in, in, in Korea in the South China Sea and in Japan are heading towards the North Arabian Sea, which the United States Navy had never been at. We had a couple of white painted destroyers in Bahrain, but we were not, we were not used to that.


So they go, we follow a carrier all the way to Korea. 'cause you had to be, we were a gas turbine. We are the only ones could keep over the carrier. 35 knots for like two weeks. Damn. We destroyed the shit. We destroyed the sonar dome there because you go through a typhoon, you go through some heavy weather because we had a treaty at the time with Korea. We would keep a carrier battle group within a 24 hour strike of North Korea. So we have to get there. Once we get there, they peel us off us in our squadron of ships, the the famous destroyed squadron, 23 early Bs, little beavers. We go to the North Arabian Sea. Why they're working up for, and that is like a hostile, I tell people, if you haven't been off the coast of Iran or Persia as I call it, it's like the landscape of the moon.


This is the most inhospitable place on earth. Ive been there. The whole, yeah, you've been the the streets are Horus, the Persian Gulf, the North Arabian Sea. And our carry battle group stayed. We rotated out after about four months, people stayed and eventually a couple months later actually did the failed rescue car. We practice every day. You could see every day they had the, they had the lift capacity. The helicopters were practicing going in. We were actually going to do playing guard against potential Russian fighters in the, in the Persian Gulf. Put the radars up. 'cause nobody knew what was gonna happen. It was a failed effort. But I tell people, and it turns out the Nimitz is now about to be decommissioned. This may be their last cruise.


They were there 50 years ago is the first time they really got commissioned. Their first assignment was in Gonzo and Camel Station in the North Arabian Sea. So these are big decisions the Pentagon makes when they, particularly today when they decide to take a carry, a battle group, strike group away from the South China Sea and the defense of Taiwan, given how on pins and needles, we are there because the, the Chinese Communist Party are not doing exercises. They're doing rehearsals for an invasion. Yes. To take that out and to take it to the North Arabian Sea is signaling the world that we're about to do something. And that's what's so scary Right now. And when you get to your theory that these decisions, you're just getting exec inextricably drawn in.


Now we have all of our basically air assets that are ready to launch combat sorties on Tehran. And, and whatever else happens, they're in place. So it just takes, it's not like you make a decision. Well it takes us a week to get there. They're in place. The tankers are over there. We could do tank refueling. So I think in the next 24 to 48 hours, a decision could be made. And that's why I'm getting more and more vocal, not less vocal that we need to go full stop Right now. We need to find out. 'cause there's too many moving pieces and moving pieces about exactly what's going on. What's the risk? We haven't had a full debate about this. And I would like to see some voices come forward. I'd like to see Tulsi Gabb come forward and tell us, has anything changed in d And I, which is 17 agencies, including the CIA for this.


Has anything changed from what you told the public at a hearing in March? Is it, if, if it's changed, let's just hear it. I would like to have John Radcliffe go to the sticks. And I think Radcliffe a good man. John Radcliffe should go to the sticks and say two things. Number one, we had no involvement at all in the Ukraine assault in, in under Russia. Just just say it. 'cause he's kind of been in hiding in that. And then he ought to be Open to court. He's never criticized. No one ever criticizes John Radcliffe. Well, The reason I think they're not, I think the reason they're not criticizing John Ratcliffe and John Radcliffe's a good man. But you have to remember, John Ratcliffe was a mayor of a small town in Texas. Yep. That went to Congress did a great job. People, president Trump's likes him a lot. He's, he's got Mike Ellis over there, but there're two guys.


Right. We don't have 10 political appointees, which we should have. We got two guys running that building. That's The way the agency's structured. There's no civilian control. I a No, no. Well, you, you know better than anybody. But, but it's, it, it runs, it's runs the way it's gonna run. I mean, we send Pompeo over there. It's an army. It's a business. It's a government agency. Agency. It's country Venture capital Firm. It's, it's literally a venture capital firm. And it's budget is unknown. It's reach is and you know, and we Have no idea what they're doing. Of course. Because the majority of things that they do are not, you know, US government employees doing even the door kickers. No. It's, they're working through some exile group. They've been funding for 30 years. Right. They will also look you right in the eye.


Oh, I know. And lie to you. Oh. Because that's the the willingness, the willingness of mirrors. Right. It's Look, look. And they're smart. Somebody said to me the other day, someone knowledgeable said the problem with the US government's like why can't we do this or that? And like if you wanted late rail, you know, we couldn't do it. And this person said, because all the smartest people in government are at ccia A Yeah. They also, with the interagency process, they control the entire process. This is why downsizing NSC was so important when you have this, we had these detailees that come from all the different departments. 'cause NSC should have 30 people, but it had 250. They're 60 political appointees. Yeah. Right. And there's 280 come from different agencies to do all the different paperwork. They have the interagency process, the CIA controls that process.


They control the process at the Pentagon. They control the dhs. Yep. They control over the Justice department. They are embedded deep because they've been around, you know, they've been around so long and they know how to embed deep Right. With the smartest people out there. And so if you don't get control of that, you're not gonna get control. They're like a pretorian guard Right now. We have to, we have to lance this, this is like the Roman late stage of the Roman Empire. When the pretorian guard kind of ran the deal and they would put forward every Legionnaire captain that they thought was gonna be good for a time. And they are planning Right now to thwart President Trump's second term. Make sure they wait him out and they're gonna have a hand selected person for the third term. And I don't say this as a conspiracy theory guy, this is just basic facts.


Totally True. They're so clever that if you criticize them, they will leak to people that you work for them. I happen to know, Which is like kind Of brilliant. Like if, if you're an effective critic of CIA Joe Kent, I've lived this personally, but also Joe Kent, who's a wonderful man, a totally sincere man, great, great man. Former C contractor, lost his wife in Syria in Obama, Syria war and, and became an opponent of the way things are running. And they CIA played in his primary. And the way they did it was by convincing Republican primary voters that Joe Ken, who's the single most effective critic of CIA in the United States, was actually working for CII mean like wow.


I I tip my non-existent hat in deference to the brilliance of that. This Is how brilliant they are. You notice from President Trump that the arc that he went through on Friday, I, you know, something's up when David Ignatius at the Washington Post, which we call the Langley bugle. He's, He's the head that comes. Oh, I'm aware when Ignatius comes out on morning Joe and says, Trump is doing such a really magnificent job here. He's acting like a commander in chief. That should be the red flare that goes up and goes, what the fuck? I know. So, I mean, it's Too friends. I don't have a tv 'cause it's too frustrating to what, like, I don't know, A single person doesn't like David Ignatius personally and that would include me. And he's just such a courtly man. He's like the Murdochs. He's just like, you can't dislike him.


He is just got elaborate, wonderful manners. He's very nice. But like he is, He is the spokesman for CIA And you wonder, The Washington Post is the langle. It's unbelievable. The Langley people. It's when Lewis Jolen West, who was one of the last visitors to Jack Ruby in his cell before he went insane, was a CIA physician and, you know, deeply involved in a lot of really dark, some of the darkest things we've ever done. When he died, I went and looked up the Walter Pinkus obit from the Washington Post. Walter Pinkus was the CII think Walter Pinkus wrote it. And there was no mention in the Washington Post obit that Jolly West worked for CIA And It's just like, oh my God. Where they work. It's just like, but You wonder like, do people watching Morning Joe have any idea who these people Are?


No. That's the whole, the purpose of that freaks me Out.


Picture the house of your dreams. Maybe it's got an outdoor pool, a huge front porch, an inviting fireplace for a cold winters night. No matter what you prefer, there's little doubt that an American flag waving out front enhances the whole thing. What better way to welcome your guests than with a flag outside your home. But wait, there's a problem. The American flags, you're likely to buy at some big stores were made in China. An American flag made in China. Come on, PureTalk. America's wireless company believes every American deserves an American flag that was made in America. And that's why they're determined to give an allegiance flag the highest quality American flag to a thousand veterans in Tide for summer PureTalk is using a portion of this month's sales to honor flag day and provide these American flags to American veterans with plans from just 25 bucks a month for limited talk text, plenty of data you can enjoy America's most dependable 5G network while cutting your cell phone bill in half. For real, go to PureTalk dot com slash talker to support veterans and to switch to America's company wireless from PureTalk.


You know, there's a, there's a great story. You, you talked about the Kennedy thing today. There's a great story in in the book. The guy just came out about the the Kennedy assassination and, and, and the, the, the House and Senate committee, it's the church committee. The biography of the church committee came out about a year or two years ago. And he talks about one of his first forum, Frank Church is gonna be one thing. But they got Gary Hart in there who had just been elected. Yeah, exactly. Mike Mansfield, the old head of the, you know, really a guy knew how to run things right. Mansfield from Montana picked both of 'em Church to head the committee. But Gary Hart was gonna be assigned to the CIA to find out what went on. So Hart's seeing Colby and seeing some of the former directors and, and they, and they tell him, he said, Hey, the guy, you really gotta sleep all of 'em.


Tell 'em, say nice to have dinner. You gotta see Angleton Eng Angleton Angleton runs the deal now. He was the counter-terrorism. Yeah. Counter Intel. Yeah. A legendary guy there forever. Yeah. And he goes to, I think the Metropolitan Club, of course for dinner. And Angleton would take a drink and Gary Hart's sitting there kind of working him. And so towards the end of the evening, he can't get up enough courage to ask like the question. So finally he says, I, you know, it's about over, I gotta do this. Says, look Mr. Angleton, I just got a question from the committee. We, we need to know, did the, did the CIA have anything to do with the Kennedy assassination? He has to angleton that Asked Angleton, it's in the bar, call it Angleton taped another drink, puts it down and goes, Senator Hart, you were lord, you were a a theology major, were you not?


And he goes, yeah, as a matter of fact, I was sat down. He says, yeah, So you know, the, the new and Old Testament pretty well. He goes, well, well enough. He goes, in my father's house, there are many mansions. Kerry Hart goes, what the fuck? Didn't ask another question, went back to church in Mansfield. Mansfield goes, okay, shut it down. He goes, no, this is why they came out the ca Remember they had tried to kill guys in the Congo. Oh yeah. They even had the cigar in Castro. Nothing about the domestic stuff at all. That all got shut down immediately. And they figured, oh, it was a mbba in in in Patrice. Lumon Congo In Congo. And they had tried to kill or killed three or four other guys, maybe d Shar, who knows.


But They got definitely D they got into all these things that the American people are interested in. Why are you killing foreign leaders? But they didn't get to the heart of many mansions. Gary hard goes out. I'm not going any farther on this one. Right. And Within 10 years, Frank Church is dead of galloping cancer. And Gary Hart is totally destroyed. 1988 through the, The leading presidential candidate at the time. Oh yeah. On with a picture gets Lured onto the monkey business. And then they tr and then in his house, the first time they ever just surrounded his house, remember, oh, I, I'll never forget it at all. And boy in the Washington Post led the chart, and I'm not Gary Hart or whatever, but he, by today's Standard, you cross him though. You're gonna, you're gonna, oh pay this is gonna be payback. It's, It's literally unbelievable. But you can't, how do you have a real country in the middle of that?


Like I don't under Well you can't, this, I think you make the point since 1963, it's, we've devolved and that's what I'm not kidding, as Elon was the special government employee to do Doge to try to get waste, fraud and abuse. I think because we're at War now and the war we're at is an internal war. It's an internal war with this apparatus that we finally have a leader that could have the back of people that will go and 'cause he wants it taken down. I think he's getting terrible advice around that. Someone like you not to organize it, but who knows the history of these institutions and quite frankly where the bodies are buried, have to come in as a special government employee to help get the people on the gonna organize.


We have to go to war against the deep state. Now if we don't go to war, the deep state immediately and have a couple of wins that we can point to and some momentum and put 'em on their back leg, their back foot in the next 200 days, nothing in America's gonna change. And We should be clear about who's serving its interest. Tom Cotton, who's the chairman of the Senate Intel Committee, the Select Committee on Intelligence was one of the primary drivers of secrecy around the Kennedy files. So Tom Cotton, I think was born in the eighties. And I like Tom Cotton a lot. I know him, I know his wife who worked at ci. Nice, super nice people. But when it came down to it, when Trump gets elected and gets inaugurated in January, Tom Cotton's bo he's denied this, but he's lying 'cause it's true.


I know for a fact Tom Cotton's running around being like, whoa, whatever we do, we can't put people in place. We're gonna declassify all the Kennedy assassination files 62 years later. I think Tom Cotton was born in the eighties. Why would he care? So it's not, it's not a sources and methods thing anymore. Yeah. What is that, why would Tom Cotton be so concerned about releasing the Kennedy documents that he's trying to prevent people from getting jobs on the basis of his belief that they might reveal those documents. Like what is that? Because that's, It's disqualifying. He shouldn't be in the Senate Of course, But he knows that that is the key that can pick the lock. That something happened in 1963. We had a kta. Yep. Yes.


The country's never faced up to it. No. The country understands that like 80% something's dead wrong. They understood the time the Warren Commission was gun decked. Yes. You go back and read this new book even by New York Times writer, you see how, what a joke it was how the FBI stepped in immediately. Jerry Ford Yes. Was their guy. It was a complete Joke. Who was a made president without an Election made president without election. I'm just saying there are no coincidences. Jerry Ford of the Warren Commission becomes president without an election. And you're like, hmm. Where The, if you go, I've read the testimony. Warren Commission so funny. Justin in the Warren Commission, the, in the, in the sixth floor in the depository where the gunman sat right next to him.


The guy, I think his name was Willie Davis, who was a worker of the, of the black guys were up on the top deck pointing afterwards when the shot took place, he was gonna go join those guys. He actually sat there and had his lunch right next to where the assassin was. Now, you know, assassins in, in, in CIA in in Navy Seals, I mean their heart's beaten outta their chest before that happens. 'cause they understand it may be the last time they take a breath on earth Yeah. Is when they fire. So they are really ready to meet their maker and they're highly focused. The last thing they're gonna do on Earth is get that target that is just, is just these cartons of just suppressing by a few feet. This guy's giving testimony and it's unbelievably, they go, well you were there.


Yes. What were we doing? He says, I was eating a a chicken sandwich, a bag of Fritos and a and a Coke. And and they're going, you're right next to him and everything's going and you're hanging on the edge of it. And then all of a sudden Jerry Ford steps in and goes, excuse me, I have a question. Do you have a criminal record? And and the guy goes, excuse me. He goes, do you have a criminal record? And the guy goes, well I was picked up. No, no, no, you're a felon. Right. And the whole conversation drops. I go, oh my God. We're literally at the moment and literally fi 10 minutes before the shot takes place, we have a witness that's there and you gotta ask him, did you hear anything? Did you see anything about Yeah, no.


And, and Jerry Ford told us, and as you mentioned with Angleton and the guys a few years later, outta nowhere on a on a, on a on Watergate. Another operation they were deeply involved in. Right. He's made vice president of the United States. Yeah. But Because the president's un most popular president in American history is undone by a naval intel officer posing as a journalist. Exactly. Just on the Washington Post,


you probably have a lot going on in your life. Meaning you don't wanna waste a lot of time thinking about life insurance though. You know you need it. We all need it. And that's why our friends of Policy Genius make it very, very simple. With Policy Genius, you can find life insurance policies starting at just 276 bucks a year for a million dollars in coverage. Compare that rate with prices from other providers, which Policy Policygenius will help you do for free. And it proves what a great deal it is. They spell it out for you. All of it. These plans can help cover all the expenses your loved ones will incur if something were to happen to you. And those expenses remain even though you're gone. Things like mortgage payments, car loans, credit card debt. And that's not to mention Policy Genius is customer service. Their licensed team helps you get what you need fast. You can get on with your life. They answer questions, they handle the paperwork they advocate for you throughout the process. It's super easy. Life insurance itself can be complex. It's not a one size fits all product. But Policy Genius doesn't treat it like it is. It lays all your options out clearly. The coverage amounts, the prices, the terms. You don't have to guess. It's super clear you don't have it 'cause you haven't wanted to deal with it. It's too expensive and it's too complicated. Not anymore. Secure your family's future with Policygenius Policygenius dot com slash TUCKER. Compare free life insurance quotes from top companies. See how much you could save Policygenius dot com slash TUCKER.


So you wonder like a lot of this is taking place in private and it's one of the great frustrations as an American is you don't know what your government's doing and you have No way to find out even when it's done 60 years ago, you don't know. But some of it's taking place totally in public. The Tom Cotton stuff. And it grieves me to say this 'cause I like Tom And I think he's smart, really smart actually, and a good guy in a lot of ways. But he's acting on behalf of ca not on behalf of the people of Arkansas obviously. But then there's Lindsey Graham who's like florid out in public. Like there's no kind of hiding who Lindsey Graham is and what, how does, what is that? Yeah, the whole Ukraine thing. He and Pompeo, how the weekend before the drone assault takes place, he's in Ukraine saying something's gonna happen.


He's in France. I mean if you talk to people over there, it's like he had inside baseball. He was all jacked up that good things are gonna happen. Pompeo's in like Odessa giving a talk. I mean what is Mike Pompeo? There's a middle of a war over there. We're trying to extract ourselves. What is Mike Pompeo in Odessa giving some, you know, a rally speech essentially pumped these guys up and he's talking about certain things that could happen or certain positive things to hang in on this war. Exactly what President Trump's counter to President Trump is trying to have everybody lay down their guns and let's, 'cause Right now the British papers report is a million Russians dead or wounded. There's 750,000 Ukrainians dead or wounded. I mean this has been devastating.


Like World War I type of, of casualties. President Trump is sitting there going, we need to put the guns down. I need to get people at the table. We need to talk. We'll even buy your dirt. We'll buy your rare earth. We'll put money in which we oppose. But if President Trump thinks he needs that for a peace deal, we'll support him. What is, what is Mike Pompeo and Odessa jacking these people up? What is Lindsey Graham over there jacking people up about These questions have to be asked. We have to ask what part of our government is going against the commander in chief and what the commander-in-chief is, is trying to do. Is it legal For Lindsay to do that? Well there's Logan act. You know, I called, well yeah, I called for his arrest. Good. Right. Abso or cancel his passport. Do two things. Either don't lean back in the country or arrest him.


And, And I'm adamant about this and Pompeo also because I think there are arguments around the Logan Act that there, over there countering what the commander and Chief's trying to do. And I think, well, And they have security clearances too, which I don't have. And you don't have, I assume a security clearance. Not anymore. Right. But why does, I don't want one Right now. No, I don't either. But because You said, Hey, I didn't blame me. No, blame me. I didn't see Why Does Lindsey Graham and why does Mike Pompeo have a security clearance? Well, I think you gotta, it's Mike. 'cause I'm very disappointed in him. I, I knew him for years. And I Me too. The guy I know today, the guy I see today is not the guy I know. And I think, I think people have to, I think they ought to come on when they come on TV is they ought to have the, like, NASCAR drivers, like who's on the, whose payroll they are.


Exactly right. We, the American people are, he's at least ought to be in a Chiron who they're taking money from. So, but who, What, what's the deal with Lin? Let me just say, I've known Lindsay for 25 years and it's impossible not to, like Lindsay Grammy's one of the most charming, funny, he's just a wonderful person to travel with. He's the most charming person in the world. I'll just say that. 'cause it's just true. I like, if he was here, I would be having fun with Lindsey Graham. But his effect on the United States is so destructive. I don't understand what that is. What is his motive? You know him. Well, of course. 'cause You're, well, I know I look, I think number one, he's very involved in the Pentagon on Armed Services committee, the Pentagon.


The building runs like the building's gonna run. I mean it's a trillion dollar. Why when President Trump says we're gonna go to a hemispheric defense from Greenland to block the Russian submarines to Alaska, maybe Canada for the Arctic. 'cause that's the new great game of the 21st century. That seems reasonable to, to the Panama Canal. 'cause they're gonna block the Chinese and Russian natives and get the Chinese outta the Caribbean. We'll deal with Venezuela. We will have the Central Pacific, which has always been kind of our strategic pivot. The three island chains and America's hermetically sealed you, you add a golden dome or some sort of ballistic missile. America can live in peace and we do the greatest and we can do expeditionary. Not that we're not engaged in the world. You can do expeditionary forces anywhere you want in the world.


But then You can't put Chinese infrastructure in Saint Croix, which they have a lot of Exactly. In Saint Croix, which we control. Exactly. So You can't let the Chinese control your hemisphere. That seems reasonable. And they'll say to us, okay, get outta Japan. At which point you say, okay, This, I mean that seems like logical. This this budget is not a trillion dollars going up. Right? Because Right now it's over a trillion dollars. If you add the supplement that's coming in the reconciliation bill with the NDAA, you're over a trillion dollars and it's only gonna keep increasing. This is the way the defense contractors make money. They embed it over there. They kinda run the building. Right now you don't see any pushback by armed services. In fact, every district's got huge plants. As you know. Our industrial policy that we do have is really around arms manufacturing.


Yes. That's it. Right? And it's a, it's a high margin business and we wanna sell weapons to the entire world. It's that system that's running the country. Remember the difference between President Trump's first term and his second term is what happened on a Biden is a massive concentration of power. 'cause they didn't back lean a Khan or the antitrust people like we have now in President Trump's administration like Gail Slater and what's happening to the FTC under Andrew Ferguson taking big tech to court and trying to break 'em up. Right now you have Wall Street, you have big tech, you have big agriculture, you have big pharma, you have the big healthcare industry. You have the defense contractors, you have the concentration of these massive industries that have every lobbyist, every every communications expert, all the big law firms on their payroll.


If you And I wanted to start today and say, Hey, guess what? We wanna take on one of the industries. Let's pay, let's take on Big Ag. You literally can't get a great law firm to represent you or great lobbyists 'cause they're all, they're all hired by these guys that concentrate and they'll Set up regulatory hurdles that are insurmountable. This Is the regulatory capital. I'm living that in something that we're doing on the side. And you just find out that it's like crazy. That concentration of power, oh my God. Regulatory capture and really regulatory merger. It's, we said when we gave China everything after Tenement Square, when we gave most favored nation status and WTO and access that, that the more, the more they get prosperous by, 'cause they were a backward agricultural country at the time.


The more prosperous they get, the more they'll become like a liberal democracy like the United States. Yeah, I remember that. We actually have copied the model of the Chinese Communist Party. They have a handful of state-owned industries, very powerful, merged in with the central government and an authoritarian government. That's what we have and that's what President Trump, the promise of President Trump is to break that. The American people don't want it. They hate it now. They need the tools to do it. And that's where I think this next couple hundred days coming after the 10th anniversary of really President Trump. 'cause what happened at the top of the escalator, Trump was in seventh place. 'cause people didn't know if he's serious about running or not. No. Right. He had just gone to cpac I think 90 days before in, in the 2015 cpac Trump finished seventh in the poll at 3.5%.


I remember behind all these guys at the top of the escalator. He's in seventh that night. They do a flash poll, I think on CNN. He's first. Why? That talk was in a nomenclature and a vernacular. The American people weren't per, hadn't heard from a politician about the border, about deportations, about China, about bringing jobs back, about ending the forever wars. And remember, as the campaign went on, he goes to South Carolina, I'll never forget it. And in South Carolina, he literally blew up the entire, not just bush apparatus kind of fox and kind of everybody on the right that had been in there. And when he said it, you could hear the audience gasp. And so many commentators came on and said, well, that's the end of him.


Because they All said that, except me. 'cause I was the only one at Fox News who I knew. I was like, yes, thank you for telling the truth. Finally, but Everybody around you was that he's finished. They hated me for agreeing with him. They hated me personally. And he won in a landslide. Carl Rove, never who was my neighbor, and always got along with him again, perfectly charming guy. Sort of very not a good person at all, but, but smart. And you know, Carl. But after that, that's, that was the moment I realized it was in that Greenville, South Carolina debate that all that mattered to them was a projection of force abroad. That's it. Everything else was just because They were so shocked he said it and united in the fact that he can't Win.


That's when Bill Crystal turned against him was that night. And if you look, you could look it up, check his Twitter feed. The day before Crystal was like, you know, Trump's kind of a pig, but he's our pig. And actually we can kind of use him and maybe we should make peace with Trump. Bill Krystal said that, who I used to work for for many years, the day after that Greenville debate, he took the position that he has now, which is, you know, we'll destroy the country to prevent Trump from exercising power. Like he was a sworn enemy of Donald Trump's after that, when he came out against the Iraq War. How weird. Why if you hit some, if you killed a child in a DUI, okay, you're drunk. You accidentally run over a child. There's no possibility you could meaningfully advance an American life because people would say, we've forgiven you Steve, but you did something that's so Horrible responsible.


It's just horrible. I it was a mistake. Yeah, it was a mistake, but it was horrible. We allowed the architects of the Iraq War who gravely injured the United States, got all these people killed, Americans killed to continue to advance. They were never held to account for what they did ever at all. Well, and the spec, they became the head of the World Bank. Like how did we do that? The specter of that is what we face over the last 72 hours. This is exactly the same pitch as the Iraq War. Weapons of mass destruction. Oh, I know. You have to get it. So they, they understand one thing. They think the playbook works. This is why we have to stop it now. Course, course we don't stop it now. We're we're, it's gonna work all the time. They think that playbook of lulling the American people to sleep and tell 'em, there, there's, there's these evil people that have to be taken down and if they're taken down, everything's gonna be fine after that.


And that we face an apocalypse that that doesn't happen. They're running the Iraq War playbook over again with almost some of the same players, or at least the proteges right. In the verticals of who those players were. But Why does the institutional conservatism allow it? If Mike Pompeo shows up at the, you know, republican county of, of dinner in some state, like he's treated as I was in a restaurant with him recently. Everyone's like, oh, Mike Pompeo, he's treated as like a legitimate person. No one has ever the right does not hold its own people accountable. On the most basic level. Why Don't you say the right, the Republican party is controlled opposition. Okay. They've ta they, because they've never really put in a fight. Let's go back to the three central tenets of Trumpism, you know, immigration border and sovereignty trade and ending forever wars.


The official apparatus of the Republican party hates all three of those and doesn't agree with, And I agree with any of them. Still true. It's a hundred percent. This is, look, well look what happened here in the last 24 hours on the immigration side. All of a sudden there was a pro, they promulgated that because of big agriculture's needs that we can no longer have raids on farms, raids in hotels, all of it. That, that had to be counted by President Trump saying, Hey, there's 20 minute illegal aliens. I'm gonna get 'em all outta here. And then today or this morning, he came out with, we're gonna triple down the raids in sanctuary cities. Right? I'm gonna get all these guys outta here. No, there's huge institutional fight led by Fox News, right? Their biggest is the Forever wars.


But if you look at the Wall Street Journal, and if you look at Fox News on the trade and bringing jobs back from China, they're very ambivalent about that. They're talking about the cost of living. I mean, they're putting up that, you know, because they're all free traders, which is the way the country got in the, in the in, in the first place. They're also quite ambivalent on, on, on the immigration and mass deportation. Remember mass deportation is just not the criminals you have to get. President Trump said they 20 million, I say it's 10 came in on Biden's watch. They all have to leave. But you're seeing a lot of ambivalence of that, particularly the Republican party. They're saying the Wall Street Journal says, well no, they, they add 2%, one and a half to 2% to GDP. Right? Because they buy so much stuff. Number two, they've driven down wages among particularly low scale black and Hispanics.


I say this is why we put the coalition together. This is why 39% of black men are voting for us. This is why South Texas is now atory territory. 'cause they understand their wages to be driven down. So I think the Republican party hates the basic tenants of President Trump's platform, particularly the MO one they most hate is ending the forever wars that's tied to both Wall Street. It's tied to the defense industry. It's also tied to this mentality that we have an American empire. Remember you And I saying, hey, we are actually a republic. We want to go back to being a republic like Yeah. The founders of our country, when they set the constitution, they look to Republican Rome. That was their source of thing. Not the Roman Empire. No.


What we've done, in fact they said, I think it was General Washington, don't go over seas looking for monsters to slay. Exactly. Right. We have enough to do here, let's do this. And I think that that's what we've gotten so far off track. And we have an American empire. That empire has to be taken apart brick by brick because all it's done is to basically destroy the inner workings of the United States and just particularly destroy the very people heard the cannon fodder in these wars. Right? And that's why I think Destroyed the nation. Drive around, drive around the country, just get into your vehicle and drive. And I don't see how anybody could say things are better now than they were 15 or 20 years ago or 40 years ago.


It's a disaster. And so the empire destroys the country And you add on top of it the national debt and the trillion dollars every month. And the, the discussions, we have a discussion. Doge goes to a bunch of different places, but they never go to the Pentagon. They're not really allowed to go to the Pentagon. We have a, a budget that we're talking about. How do we make these cuts? How do you cut Medicaid? How do you cut the food stamp program? Which all have to be looked at and done, but it's croci. We can't even talk about defense. We have a trillion dollar defense budget. And I keep saying, Trump's laid out a strategy of hemispheric defense. It's very different than post-war of where we're everywhere, the American empire and really around the ring of the Eurasian landmass. Right. And I said he, it's talking about a hemispheric defense.


The budget is totally misaligned with the hemispheric defense, both in the allocation to the navy taking down big army. But hey baby, the defense budget is gonna go. And you're not gonna cut a pe a pe a, a penny of it because like you, you are raising your voice as someone that, that likes Israel and but agrees with is Israeli nash. You're saying there, you raise your voice and all of a sudden you're being eviscerated that you're an enemy of the Jewish people. That you're an antisemite that not just that you're an appeaser. And he said, Tucker's a pacifist. Right? Appeasing a pacifist because they understand, Show up at my house and find out how far my pacifism it extends. No, I mean it's no, it's all, it's slander and it's, it, it bothers me simply because it does convince people who opinions I care about And I who I care about personally.


And it, it fractures relationships and it also comes from people I know really well. And that Ari Fleischer, who I've never, you know, like respected, but I always liked him. And I, he wrote something. Somebody sent me this thing yesterday and you know, I'm just a carnival barker And I'm pretending to have my views. And I, I texted him And I was like, come on. Like this is not, you know, I may be totally wrong. You of course disagree with me, that's fine. But you know that I'm sincere. I'm totally sincere. Why else would I do this? Of course he didn't respond to me. But it's painful. I Ari who every day went to the podium and pulled his just another day away from finding weapons of mass destruct. How could they sit there and lie to the nation? Now I am quite serious given 'cause you're a product of Washington DC Yeah, you right.


There's no one better in an emergency. We have an emergency, we have a break the glass emergency to actually be an advisor to the president. Right. In a temporary thing than you who know the whole land. You know, the canvas. Not that you or, but you could sit there in the, in the, in the NSC in the, in the tank or the tanks and Pentagon, but down where the Kennedy room and actually walk through, this is the apparatus. This is what we have to do, this is what we have to do with the FBI. This is what have to do with the ccia a this we have do with d And I the Pentagon. And then we have people execute that. Yeah. I would never survive that. But I mean I don't come back. I had breakfast alone in the dining room in the Metropolitan Club this morning, which is a place I love was the only person.


There was me and the waiters who I know well and love. And the second I walk outside that building, I'm like, whoa, the vibe in this city is bad. It's bad. It can you feel that? I Just feel it ever since, ever since President Trump left in January, 2021. 'cause it was an armed camp. Then we had around the, I had left by then. I was like, I'm out. You came to the war room. We had a hundred National guard troops. Yeah. With two Humvees barb wire everywhere. It took from the guys at, at Fox and one America to come up to the war room. It's only a five minute walk up the hill. 45 minutes to get there. They go through checkpoints ever since that time. And I hate to say with all the positive energy President Trump has brought, it's still a dark specter.


The the, this imperial capital is probably, And I tell you why. They understand there's an internal civil war here that one side's gonna win and one side's gonna lose their, their belief is they're gonna wait us out. That for all the TUCKER Carlsons and Steve Bannons and other people around President Trump are sitting there going the Bobby Kennedys Right. And other people that know how this apparatus works at every level and are sitting there going, we have to do this now. They believe that they will weigh President Trump out. And I don't put a a a, a possibility of an assassin if President Trump is to go too far into this. Yeah. And bring you into that. Do not think, they would not think of an assassination attempt. They have no intention of turning over control and power of the most powerful empire in man's history.


It has to be taken from them. And I tell people, we either do it now. If we don't do it now, this, this wave of kind of people that have come together, w we're not gonna be able to do it. And if we don't do it, I'm not sure we win another election. Because I think people are gonna, they're gonna force us into doing either not deporting the 10 million. Right. And that's securing the border, not forcing China and not really cutting tough deals that start to bring real high value added manufacturing jobs back. 'cause Wall Street doesn't want that. They do. They think our labor cost is too high. They think the environmental cost is too high. They love the slave labor of La Jang. And most importantly, they're not gonna stop the war machine. They're not gonna stop. And I'm not a pastor. I spent eight years of my life as a naval officer.


My daughter went to West Point. She fought in in Iraq in 2010 under Obama. Right. It's not that we're pacifists. We see what we see. And what we see now is there's a very evil specter over this imperial capital. And one side is gonna win the President Trump kind of rebels or revolutionaries versus this pretorian guard apparatus. And that's why this fight to me is gonna happen the next two or 300 days. We're gonna, we're gonna know what side this is gonna, we we're gonna know if there's enough momentum on our side to actually win. Yeah. There's a, you get a spiritual thing and you can, I texted my wife this morning. I second this administration's gone. I'm never coming back here and I'm gonna spent got here in 1985.


And it's really shocking. You See, you feel that though? Oh, when you hear it. Oh Yeah. It's just dark. It's super dark. And where I live normally is very, you know, it's not thriving at all. It's poor and there are lots of problems and people die of drug ods and all that. But you don't feel, a lot of people die of drug ods. But you do not feel this kind of, when we sold our house five years ago, my wife sold it over the phone and next thing I know there is a, it was a great how beautiful house. Super pretty house. Not huge but beautiful in the District of Columbia. And she sells it to a CI officer who pays of cash. Of course. And the next thing you know there's a Ukraine flag flying from my flagpole.


I'm not making this up. And my neighbor sent it to me. He is like, oh look what happened to your house. A house I really loved. And I was like, wow. That's just a metaphor. But okay. So let me ask you, you've made a couple of illusions, I almost don't want to ask you 'cause it's upsetting, but to the country coming apart Yeah. To conflict here. Clearly there's been a rise in violence. This weird Minnesota story, which I'm not even gonna ask you about because I don't understand that at all. I don't think anybody does. But I wanna ask you about what's happening in California. It does seem like resisting federal authority on immigration is an act of sedition more profound than anything they did at Fort Sumpter in 1861. And I, this is not resolved.


Like I don't, what are we watching Right now in California with Gavin Newso? You're, you're from DC I'm from Richmond. Yeah. I'm raised in Richmond And I keep telling people, I thought we settled this about federal law and, and state's rights and succession in the mid 1860s. We had a civil war to determine the outcome of this. We've had that discussion, we've had that argument. It's been settled. I said this to President Trump in the first turn. That this whole thing of sanctuary cities and sanctuary states is absolutely a neo confederate, you know, mentality. Yes. That you can have Gavin Newsom. Right. Have you said That War room? Yes, I've said it. It's neo confederate. It's a he's a Smart's. It's a neo confederate. It Is.


That's exactly what it is. Jackson. I'm stealing that by the way. No, No, no. Because so good Jackson. Look, he had this thing before the Civil War with, with Andrew Jackson and John C. Calhoun. Yeah. On tariffs where they remember the, the landed aristocracy in South Carolina were some of the richest people. I think Charleston had more what would be equivalent to billionaires. Yes. At the start of the Civil War than any place on Earth. And It shows in the battery down there Battery. It's a magnificent city. It is today. It John C. Calhoun is his vice president was gonna stop and go down and defend. South Carolina said we're not gonna do these tariffs. And Jackson said, I'm gonna call the army down there and if Calhoun's defying me, I'm gonna hang him from the first lamppost. I mean, Jackson was a guy who was gonna take immediate action.


What's happening in California is kind of the equivalent. You've had the sanctuary cities and if President Trump had not sent the troops in and federalized the National Guard, what, what happened in LA was what we see in all these cities, it would explode been the summer of love of, of 2025, where there was a lot more rhetoric than actually action. One of the reasons President Trump had Bill Barr and Esper and all these people that wouldn't execute what he wanted. Now he's got a team and that's why I'm so glad he came out last night and says, I'm doubling and tripling down the rates. My recommendation on the show the day after this stuff happened over that weekend was President Trump ought to triple the ice raids and he ought to go to, you know, he ought to go to schools or hey, they gotta go right. They have to go.


And it's not pleasant. We gotta be very humane about it. But you have to have a show of force. And if you need to send in the army, if you need to send in in Federalized National Guard, we have to do it. California is the railhead of this. That's why you have to break it there. It's gonna obviously pop up in Chicago and New York. But you have to take, and Steven Miller said this, And I've known Stephen A. Long time ago, Andrew and Stephen Miller and Ben Shapiro. Alex Mul. Yeah. They all came outta kind of West la. Right. Ben might have been the valley, but they're all west LA guys. Stephen Miller's been saying since the time I knew him, the War for America is gonna be won or lost on the streets of Los Angeles. I agree. He said this now for almost 20 years. And this is what this fight, and this is what's so disturbing about the timing.


We're totally focused on that. And President Trump actually implementing the deportations of mass deportations and all of a sudden this thing breaks out in, in, in Persia in the Middle East. And now the whole country's just focused on that. It's almost like a time diversion to get our attention. It Does feel that way. Okay. Because Bibb gave it up. There was no, it didn't have to happen on Thursday night. We were told what was leaks? Oh, there's a bomb and they're gonna have it. And you know, this is something they have to have. Immediately, immediately, immediately he comes on Brett Bear and says, well it's 12 or 13 months. We've heard the 12 or 13 months for 20 years. Maybe it is 12 or 13 months. But that doesn't mean you have to act on Friday. Why is it Thursday and Friday when we're in the middle of, actually the most important part of this third World War is the 10 main invaders we've had in this country, or 20 million according to President Trump.


They all have to go. You understand that there's many bad actors that came in on this right. That are now sleeper cells in this country. Everybody's gotta go and we have to do it. That is the, when I talk about third World War, the central battlefront for the United States of America is internal to the United States of America. This is why we have to focus on this in the timing. 'cause there's no coincidences of how all the sudden we're asked to do bombing runs in, in Iran a half a world away. And it sucks up all the media attention that you don't even, you don't even, there's not even a discussion on this. And that's why President Trump coming out doubling down and Homan and Stephen Miller, there ought to be three more raids tomorrow. And we gotta get the focus back on that. So how should You deal with, I mean when Orville Fabi, who was the governor of Arkansas in 1956, presides over the state that refuses to desegregate after the Supreme Court says you have to desegregate in Brown V Board.


And Dwight Eisenhower was not a liberal, says you can't ignore federal authority on a federal issue. This is the Supreme Court decision. And he sends the hundred first Airborne to Little Rock to Central High School and says, sorry, you're gonna desegregate now. Whatever you think of that, it's kind of disgusting in certain ways, but it's also essential to preserving the union. I mean, I don't understand like how can you have your biggest state being like no to the federal government. Like what? On a central issue. On a central issue. A sovereign who lives here. Yes. Who takes federal benefits. You know, Who's actually a citizen who has allegiance to this country, who gets To choose our leadership.


Right. In a, in a democratic this Why, this is why this radical neo-Marxist democratic party will fight. This is the hill they will die on. So, but I don't understand how you can put up with that. How can you put up with that that's like maybe a little more important, whether a wrong gets the bomb. Well you Can't, and by the way, the American people, the American people don't, I think it's like 60 40 where they agree with President Trump on these mass deportations. Remember one of the reasons we're winning the African-American vote is President Trump does not believe like the Democratic Party in Kamala Harris in mass incarcerations, he believes in mass deportation. When I was in prison, the only thing I put up from Danbury was like on the 26th of August and said, Hey victories at hand, I can tell from the prisoners in Danbury, the Hispanic young Hispanics and blacks who hate the Democratic party.


Yeah. And they particularly hated Kamala Harris because said, look, the Democratic party for mass incarcerations to break our families and to make us dependent upon the government. I mean these guys were smarter than guys going to Yale and the political science department. 'cause it's a lived experience of them and they support mass deportations. 'cause in a place like Danbury, 10% of the prison is bad ombres from these other countries that are the most dangerous criminals convicts you have in these prisons. People at the street level have our back on this. This is this new coalition. But we have to, we have to succeed in this. We have to succeed in the deportations and getting wages to rise. In fact, I think there was just something, the Wall Street Journal, they said wages for low skilled workers are coming up.


Yeah. Right. Because guess what? You have less non-citizens here competing as a people in their own country. Shouldn't have to compete against a non for a job. This is President Trump's the centerpiece of the entire Make America great again movement. And that's why it has to succeed. And everybody now in the official political apparatus is trying to thwart him in this. And this is why it's so important for him to go in the deep state is also remember one of the reasons that DHS is burning through money. And there's not as many deportations you talk to, to the guys at the White House. You talk to the guys at DHS, they're still playing by the old playbook. In other words, they have to have a deportation order from a court. They go to a guy's house and make sure there's no kids around.


They take like 20 agents a week to go serve on two people and get 'em outta here. Well obviously that doesn't, that's the old playbook. You have to get much more aggressive on your deportations. I think Miller and Holman are trying to change the culture over there to actually do it. But even there, the apparatus, it's a, the administrative state's got its own mind of how they're gonna do things. I think this is one of President Trump's big battles. My last question has to do with like the first principle from which these positions flow, which is, there's a certain segment of our population, I think the majority who think the US government's job is to help American citizens in America. But there is another very powerful segment, which is most of the US government that believes the opposite.


10 years ago, I'm on an amtrac train to New York from Washington for work at Fox. And I get a call from a NeoCon writer called Julia. I off, I think is Russian born. Sure, yeah. Ready for the New Republic. And she says to me, and at this point I'm like, she thinks I'm a NeoCon or something, but she's calling me for like, what do we make of Trump? And she goes, Trump's calling himself a nationalist. She was like way offended. And it was just prima facial, like nationalism bad. And I said, well, I'm, I'm a nationalist. And she goes, she's not stupid. And she goes, you're a nationalist. I said, well I don't know. I think I am. I mean, I like America. I think the US government should work for America. She was like horrified. And I don't think I've ever spoken to Oregon.


Why does that idea, which is non-threatening, it's not a Nazi idea. It's like a basic idea. Was the founder's idea that the US government should stacked on behalf of Americans? Why is that offensive so offensive to some people? What Is that? I'm gonna tell my Mark Lavin story. 'cause I, I like Mark a lot, although, And I think he's one of the smartest guys in the constitution. Although I will say I think we're opposing every big topic dealing with Mag, president Trump just saying, 'cause Mark is a neoliberal NeoCon and that's what Fox is. Right? Which is different than Yes. Populism nationalism. Right. Totally different. They're two different, totally different. And I've always gotten along with Mark Fine. And this is why Neoliberals, this is why neoliberal neocons the whole Fox apparatus. This is what the Murdochs are. They're much cl they're just a difference. You know, gore Vidal said it's just two sides of kind the same coin.


The run the American app. Yeah. Because American empires run on neoliberal principles and NeoCon principles. So Mark, when I kept saying nationalism and populism and nationalism, he calls me up and is, you know, mark, he goes, Bannon, he goes, you gotta drop nationalism. And I go, this is 10 years ago, 12 years when I first doing it at Breitbart. And I go, I go, why? He says, it's Americanism. And I go, no, mark. It's actually nationalism. Right? And I tried walking through, he goes, no, no, no, no, it's Americanism. And then he puts out a book later And I think Americanism, which talks about certain tenets of nationalism, but they don't want to use that phrase. I think because of connotations that came from Europe in the 19th century and then obviously in the 20th century. I said, this is, this is completely different.


It is populous nationalism. It is a populous movement that puts America first and American citizens first. That's the big part of the nationalism. They never get to. That is what unites us. But How could they see that as bad? I'm, so, I'm honestly 10 years in, I'm I'm baffled by it. Like, what's bad About that? If, if you mention, if you mention that word, they just, they they get lit up. I, I have still many people today if people accuse me, oh, in fact Ben and Ben Shaman are the smartest guys in the country. Ben said, when I was running Bre bro, when he left, whether he left Arizona Quarter, I fired him. It's still a matter of debate. Still a matter of debate. Ben goes, I turned, I turned Breitbart into Trump Pravda. Right. With the populist nationalism and away from Andrew's cor tennis.


So listen, that is an ideological fight about nomenclature, which is very important and us going forward. But the tenets of it, and what we're trying to do, I think is what you're seeing President Trump do. We have a government apparatus of these people that when institutions carry on year after year after year and pass the baton and they control, and you know, many of these people, most of 'em come from middle class backgrounds. They're not, they're not coming just from elite. No, They're not Rockefellers. They're Not Rockefellers. No. There are some Rockefellers and there's some, some nepo, but They, they're they're irrelevant. Yeah. Mainly it's just middle class people. Strivers. But they're in control of the greatest, most powerful apparatus on earth. And you mentioned earlier today, the thought of going into war and actually killing people.


That's something that turns certain people on the power of it. Oh, of course. Right now. And that's what I say tell people when you come to Washington, you can really feel it's a spiritual war. Yes. Because of the dark spectrum. The hangs over this town. Now that spiritual war manifests itself in money and power. Yes. And you see so many people I've seen come here in Congress and, and people I've known that come here and they get corrupted. And they get corrupted because that basic human nature of being attracted to money and power, power is, is very tough. And that's, we're in a situation now that people, we admire people, we like people we've known, we have to go to war with them. This war against this apparatus is gonna be as brutal as the war we're fighting in the streets of Los Angeles today to make sure that actually Los Angeles is part of this American republic.


'cause Right now, California is not, but the major cities in this country led by Los Angeles and San Francisco are definitely not, they're a totally different entity. I'm, I'm sad to hear you say that because the last thing I want to do is spend my day arguing with Ben Shapiro or Mark Levi. I mean, I agree with those guys on a lot And I know them. Of course. I'm not mad at them personally, even now. I don't wanna fight with them. You know what I mean? I wanna fight with George Soros or something, or Gavin Newsom. And, but I feel like they are making it impo, this is my read, probably self-serving. But I feel like they're making it impossible to sit back in silence as they wreck the country. And that fight, as important as that is to me, is a secondary tertiary fight Right now than the fight that we need you on and the fight we need you on.


You have a unique historical understanding of the institutions of this town. Yes. And the smarts. We need a handful of smart people around President Trump. They're saying this is the look, we put cash in bonus Gino into FBI. We've put Ellis and in Ratcliffe the CIA, we put a handful of great people at DOJ. We put Pete and a handful of great people at Defense. We put Tulsi and Joe Kent, a handful of people at d And I. It's not enough. The apparatus still runs the deal. We are hanging on in a very tenuous shape. We need to go to war. Like they want to go to war in, in, in Persia. We need to go to war with them. And I mean, take the sword out of the sc and throw away the sc.


We have to do that now. Damn. If I got anywhere near any kind of institutional power, which I've never sought And I don't seek now, but if I ever did, you know, I, I think the Tom Cottons and the donors and people like that, I mean, I think they'd put, I mean I think they would be really hard. I think they put kitty port on my computer. I'd get pancreatic acid. I don't know man. I think that first Off, just the announcement of that, the intention of that would unmask we need, part of this is going through an unmasking who's on our side and who's not on our side. Because a lot of people that are pretending to be on our side are on the opposite side. And we can go through a great unmasking and that's why, But they fear is sincerity.


'cause I'm hardly the smartest person in DC well not in DC but I'm hardly the smartest person in this conversation at all. And I don't think I'm like, you know, have like brilliant cohesive philosophical ideas or anything like that. I'm just sort of a bumbling middle aged, you know, hopefully try to be Christian person. But I'm totally sincere. And that's why they hated MTG, who's also, you know, A marginal just Right. We've probably got the same SAT score, you know what I mean? It's like, but she's not kidding. She's total in that kind of what you see in that chick way where they get mad and they just like start telling the truth. What you see Is what You get. Only women do that. Yeah, no, she, it, it, look she's central to maga. I mean, what do you mean?


She, she's been, oh, She's written out today by Mark Levin. I know she And I don't always agree on everything, but she's a hundred percent maga. It's not a good question. That shows you the level they're prepared to go to. No. What you have is, which is tough in this town to get, is actually historical understanding of these institutions. The only other person, and this would be great if you did it, the only other person I know that has that is Bobby Kennedy. Bobby Kennedy has that understanding obviously what his family's gone through. But he, at a very deep level, he knows the interconnections. Good friend of mine seeing him tomorrow morning. Steve Bannon, thank you for taking the time to do this. Thank you.


I'm grateful. Thanks. And God speed in this city. Thanks TUCKER. It's amazing. And I can't wait till you get your appointment. Can't wait. You Be, Be the first interview on Roar room after he gets it. I'm not kidding when I get, Hey, I've had longer odds on things than this, so standby. Oh My Gosh. Thank you. Thank You. We wanna thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it. Good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell So you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter. Telling the truth. Always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell.


We appreciate, thanks for watching.