
I wanna teach your kids financial literacy, but not sure where to start. Greenlight can help with Greenlight. Parents can keep an eye on kids spending and saving while kids and teens use a card of their own to build money. Confidence As a parent, You can send instant money transfers set up chores, automate allowance and more. It's a convenient way to run your household, customized to your family's needs, and the easy way to raise financially smart kids. Get started with Greenlight today and get your first month free at greenlight.com/spotify.


Welcome to Tucker Carlson Show. It's become pretty clear that the mainstream media are dying. They can't die quickly enough and there's a reason they're dying. 'cause they lied. They lied so much, it killed them. We're not doing that. Tucker Carlson dot com we promise to bring you the most honest content, the most honest interviews we can without fear or favor. Here's the latest. This is her intro video and it's interesting what she's about to speak. We're gonna take that. It's for as long as we can bear. Are you, are you, are you temperamentally prepared for this? I Am ready. I've, I've had enough of this old fashioned that I'm, It's just interesting that, you know, 60 days ago, 30 days ago, Kamala Harris was considered by everybody in the Democratic Party as a joke.


Like this was unimaginable in July last month. Unimaginable. And now it's just like taken as a matter. of course. of course. It's, it's Kamala is a great to the great stake spend of our time nominee. Here she is. And with that States of America, Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris. So no Beyonce appearance. Oh, was she slated? That was the big rumor. I think she's smarter than Oh, there's a guy with a gun right behind her guns are bad. Right. Okay.


She gonna win. No. What? No, we're gonna lose is how I Are we gonna lose ask you that? Good. There's the man she kissed with the mask on her purported husband, Doug. Oh, I thought you were talking about Willie Brown. No, I, Willie has self-respect. I know. Will I actually like Willie Brown and he would never kiss her with a mask on. Oh, What would be the point?


Well, exactly. Yeah. Do you know Willie Brown? No. No. You'd like Willie Brown. Really? Yeah. He's just got a great sense of humor. Even you disagree with everything about him, but he's hilarious. Good evening everyone. Good evening. Good evening. She looks happy. The stepdaughter That looked actually looked like I can't Stand this bitch. I know, exactly. The funny thing is, I hate to say that Kamala sister's actually pretty And Is that who that was? 'cause I Did think so. The very pretty woman. Yeah. Thank you.


That woman right there. Holy Cow. Are you sure? That's His sister? That's her sister. Yeah. She's pretty correct. Yeah, I'd like to get her number. I thank, but now I'm being shallow and mean. But there's something unappealing about Kam Harris, I think. But I think it, she looks good. Thank you. Thank You. Oh yeah, she's perfectly attractive. But there's something in her vibe that looks fake to me. Thank you Everyone. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you all Man. They printed all those signs fast. Thank you all.


They did do that I think in March when they were, Well that's exactly right. When they, when they called the CNA anchors together and told 'em the plan after the debate. Thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. Thank you. Please. Thank you. Please. Thank you so very much. Thank you everyone. Thank you everyone. Thank you. Okay, let's get to business. Let's get to business. Alright. It would be hard if she were president. Harder than the rest of us. I think. Let Me start by thanking my most incredible husband, Doug. That's Doug for Being an incredible partner to me, an incredible father to Colin Ella.


And happy anniversary Dougie. I love you so very much to our president, Joe Biden, President Joe. Oh, actually she mentioned Joe Biden. When I think About the path that we have traveled together, Joe, I am filled with gratitude. Your record is extraordinary as history will show and your character is inspiring. And Doug and I love you and Jill and are forever thankful to you both.


And to coach Tim Walls, you are going to be an incredible vice president. And to the delegates and everyone who has put your faith in our campaign, your support is humbling. So America, the path that led me here in recent weeks was no doubt, unexpected, but I'm no stranger to unlikely journeys. So my mother, our mother, Shamala Harris, had one of her own.


And I miss her every day and especially right now. And I know she's looking down, smiling. I know that. So my mother was 19 when she crossed the world alone, traveling from India to California with an unshakeable dream to be the scientist who would cure breast cancer. When she finished school, she was supposed to return home to a traditional arranged marriage. But as fate would have it, she met my father, Donald Harris, a student from Jamaica.


They, they fell in love and got married. And that act of self-determination made my sister Maya and me Growing up, we moved a lot. I will always remember that big Mayflower truck packed with all our belongings ready to go to Illinois, to Wisconsin, and wherever our parents' jobs took us. My early memories of our parents together are very joyful. Ones a home filled with laughter and music.


Aretha, Coltrane, and miles at the park. My mother would say, stay close. But my father would say, as he smiled, run Kamala, run. Don't be afraid. Don't let anything stop you. There's something so fraudulent about this that's making me Uncomfortable. From my earliest years, he taught me to be fearless. But the harmony between my parents did not last. When I was in elementary school, they split up and it was mostly my mother who raised us. I hear before she could finally afford to buy a home, she rented a small apartment in the East Bay, in the Bay.


In the Bay. You either live in the hills or the flatlands. We lived in the flats, a beautiful working class neighborhood of firefighters, nurses and construction workers. All who tended their lawns with pride. My mother, she worked long hours and like many working parents, she leaned on a trusted circle to help raise us. Mrs. Shelton, who ran the daycare below us and became a second mother, uncle Charman, aunt Mary, uncle Freddy, auntie Chris, none of them family by blood and all of them, family by love.


Family Who taught us how to make gumbo, how to play chess, and sometimes even let us win. Family who loved us, believed in us and told us we could be anything and do anything. They instilled in us the values they personified community, faith, and the importance of treating others as you would want to be treated with kindness, respect, and compassion.


My mother was a brilliant five foot tall brown woman with an accent. And as the eldest child, as the eldest child, I saw how the world would sometimes treat her. But my mother never lost her. Cool. She was tough, courageous, a trailblazer in the fight for women's health. And she taught Maya and me a lesson that Michelle mentioned the other night. She taught us to never complain about injustice, but do something about it. Do something about it.


That was my mother. And she taught us and she always, she also taught us and she also taught us and never do anything half-assed. And That is a direct quote. A direct quote. I grew up immersed in the ideals of the civil rights movement. My parents had met at a civil rights gathering. And they made sure that we learned about civil rights leaders, including the lawyers like Thurgood Marshall and Con Constance Bak motley, Those Who battled in the courtroom to make real the promise of America.


So at a young age, I decided I wanted to do that work. I wanted to be a lawyer. And when it came time to choose the type of law I would pursue, I reflected on a pivotal moment in my life. You see, when I was in high school, I started to notice something about my best friend, Wanda. She was sad at school, And, there were times she didn't wanna go home. So one day I asked if everything was all right and she confided in me that she was being sexually abused by her stepfather. And I immediately told her she had to come stay with us.


And she did. This is one of the reasons I became a prosecutor, to protect people like Wanda because I believe everyone has a right to safety, to dignity, and to justice. As a prosecutor, when I had a case, I charged it Not okay. Can we stop for a a second here? The name of the victim, but in The name of The people. Can I just give you my thoughts, right? Of, yeah. Okay. First of all, she's more appealing than Hillary. No question.


You know, if that's no question about it, not a High bar, but I, not a high bar, but they should be afraid of her. You know, normal people should be afraid of her. She's actually got her shtick fine tuned a little more than I thought that she would. And so I think she's probably a little more for formidable than expected. Two other points. She begins by thanking Joe Biden and then sort of a lighting into the current state of affairs by saying, I kind of never expected to be here. But she never explained, like, how did you get to be the nominee? I still have no idea. Honestly. It was like some kind of online vote or something because the donors wanted it. I mean, I do think at some point she has to explain how did I become with not one person going to a single primary and voting for me?


How did I become the nominee? And the third thing I noticed was that in her sort of not terrible explanation of her childhood, and parents seem nice or whatever, they're both immigrants. She from India, he from Jamaica. But she says that her mother was lecturing her about injustice and the civil rights movement. What you came to the United States at 19 to become a doctor, to become a research scientist, apparently w what injustice did you suffer? Exactly. You come from a poor country to a rich country, to a subsidized higher education system and you become a scientist and like you're the victim of what exactly are you And? what is that? With the Civil Rights movement? I mean, it's, it's not an attack on Kamala Harris to say she's got nothing to do with the civil rights movement.


She's not from an American family. She's lying. of course. Yeah. And again, you don't immigrate to the land of opportunity at 19 years old by yourself, a woman. If you think, man, I'm walking into some shithole and I'm gonna face all this discrimination, a 19-year-old woman. No, it's absurd. Says, Hey, I'm gonna travel overseas to live, pick up by myself because man, this place is terrible. I'm not buying that Well. And the accent and just like laying claim to a history that's not hers. This with this like fake southern accent.


She's from the East Bay of San Francisco, but she really grew up in Canada, in Quebec, in Montreal. And that, which is fine, I'm not attacking her for it, but like how did she wind up with a sort of 1962 civil rights movement accent from Alabama? Like, what is this? It's too fake for Me. It it's all part of the power of the black identity. Black worship. And the only thing you have to really do to be black is promote the victimhood narrative. And so if you're a victim that makes you black, and if you promote the fact that everybody black is a victim and everybody of color is a victim, you now get to claim you are black.


That's the black identity victimhood. And it empowers you. It makes you a special person. It makes you a magical, to quote ru magical negro Barack the magical negro. That's why he claims it. That's why Michelle claims it. That's why Oprah Winfrey yesterday, she's worth $3 billion. She's up there talking about all the racism she encountered. But, But okay, so Oprah Winfrey is American Michelle Obama is American. Barack Obama is not American. His, I mean, his mother was American from Kansas. But Kamala Harris, I mean, Jamaicans are not Americans.


A b not oppressed in any sense. They're actually very successful in the United States. Caribbeans in general, I think make more than native born whites close. Anyway, they, they're successful, they're entrepreneurial. They're not part of the history of racism and slavery in the United States. Just the opposite. They just showed up here. So like that's, this is ridiculous. It's ridiculous. But it, she's telling the lie that gives her the most power and people are falling for it. And pe 'cause again, it's a religion. It it's, it operates on faith, not facts. No, you're Right. You're right. All right. I just, I had to let that out.


So if you're old enough to remember when the internet started, you remember the promises that accompanied it. This was gonna make everything easier. This was gonna spark innovation. And this was above all going to bring freedom to the world. So back when using a search engine wasn't some big tech mind control operation that was true. You'd have to take out your credit card every time you wanted to read a newspaper article. You weren't bombarded by popups and cheap foreign ads of some kind. Those days are long gone. Unfortunately, many of us go online knowing the truth. You're being watched, you're being recorded, you're being tracked, you're being manipulated at all times. It's depressing as hell, but you can't get around it. 'cause you need the internet to live right now. Your internet service provider can probably see your entire browsing history. It's none of their business, but they can see it. And thanks to our public servants in the US Congress, they can even sell that public information to the highest bidder, your private information being sold. And by the way, governments can buy it and they do. And who knows what they plan to do with that information. Big tech companies or governments are own or foreign governments. That's all bad. And that's why here at TCN, we get around it. We avoid it, we protect ourselves from it. With Express VPN Express VPN is a virtual private network that reroutes a hundred percent of our online activity through secure encrypted servers. And that shields what we are doing online from the prying ours eyes of our internet service provider and third parties, big companies and governments. 'cause we believe in privacy 'cause it's a prerequisite for Freedom Express. VPN hides our IP address. That's the number that can personally identify you on the internet. And that means that data brokers cannot track us. It's simple. It takes one tap to connect and express. VPN works on every device you've got. Your phone, tablet, television, desktop, You can even have express VPN up to eight devices at once running on all of them. And that's more than enough to protect everybody in your household. So if you want online privacy back and who wouldn't want that or cheap get express vpn, You can use our special link. To get three extra months of express VPN for free, it's express vpn.com/tucker express ex pr ess s vpn.com/tucker.


Hey, it's Kimberly Fletcher here from Moms for America with some very exciting news. Tucker Carlson is going on a nationwide tour this fall and Moms for America has the exclusive VIP meet and greet experience for you. Before each show, You can have the opportunity to meet Tucker Carlson in person. These tickets are fully tax deductible donations. So go to Moms for America, US and get one of our very limited VIP meet and greet experiences with Tucker at any of the 15 cities on his first ever coast to coast tour. Not only will you be supporting Moms for America in our mission to empower moms, promote liberty and raise patriots. Your tax deductible donation secures you a full VIV experience with priority entrance and check-in premium gold seating in the first five rows, access to a pre-show cocktail reception, an individual meet and greet and photo with America's most famous conservative and our friend Tucker Carlson. Visit Moms for america.us today for more information and to secure your exclusive VIP meet and greet tickets. See you on the tour.


Hey guys. Josh Hammer here, the host of America on trial with Josh Hammer, A podcast for the first podcast network. Look, there are a lot of shows out there that are explaining the political news cycle, what's happening on the hill to this, to that there are no other shows that are cutting straight to the point when it comes to the unprecedented lawfare debilitating and affecting the 2024 presidential election. We do all of that every single day right here on America Trial with Josh Hammer. Subscribe and download your episodes wherever you get your podcast. It's America On Trial with Josh Hammer.


Let's dip back in California. I stood up for women and children against predators who abuse them. As Attorney General of California, I took on the big banks, delivered $20 billion for middle class families who faced foreclosure and helped pass a homeowner Bill of rights, one of the first of its kind in the nation. I stood up for veterans and students being scammed by big for-profit colleges, for workers who are being cheated out of their wages, the wages they were due for seniors facing elder abuse.


I fought against the cartels who traffic in guns and drugs and human beings who threatened the security of our border and the safety of our communities. And I will tell you, these fights were not easy. And neither were the elections that put me in those offices. We were underestimated at practically every turn. But we never gave up because the future is always worth fighting for. And that's the fight we're in right now, a fight for America's future fellow Americans.


This election is not only the most important of our lives, it is one of the most important in the life of our nation. In many ways, Donald Trump is an unserious man. But the consequences, but the consequences of putting Donald Trump back in the White House are extremely serious. Consider, consider not only the chaos and calamity when he was in office, but also the gravity of what has happened since he lost the last election.


Donald Trump tried to throw away your votes when he failed. He sent an armed mob to the United States Capitol where they assaulted law enforcement officers Armed. They weren't armed when politicians, what the hell is she talking about? When politicians In his own party begged him to call off the mob and send help, he did the opposite. He fanned the flames. And now for an entirely different set of crimes, he was found guilty of fraud by a jury of everyday Americans and separately and separately found liable for committing sexual abuse.


And consider, consider what he intends to do if we give him power again. Consider his explicit intent to set free violent extremists who assaulted those law enforcement officers at the capitol. His explicit intent to jail, journalist, political opponents, and anyone he sees as the enemy. Can I, can I just interject here for a second? This woman's really scary. She could easily get elected president. She's much more skillful than I have ever seen.


She's a liar on the deepest level. The things she was is saying right now are not just untrue, they're the opposite of the truth, which is the hallmark of evil. She's an extremist, she'll say anything. She's much more like Gavin Newsom than I ever realized. I could go through a whole litany of why, what what she's saying is not true. There were not, it wasn't an armed mob. There was not one person inside the capitol with a firearm, period. The only person who was shot in the capitol was an unarmed woman shot by one of Nancy Pelosi's bodyguards. So again, again and again, she's telling us that she fought the cartels to secure the border. She's the border czar and the border is controlled by the cartels. She argued that Donald Trump quote tried to throw away your vote.


Didn't the Democrat party just throw away all the votes and install Her? Well, exactly. She, she's saying that Donald Trump will free from prison violent extremists, meaning like 75-year-old, lower middle class women with diabetes when she endorsed defunding the police and opening the prisons to allow actual criminals out. Which is why the crime rate has spiked to allow the population of Venezuela's prisons. Caracas prisons are now living in the United States because of her. I mean, I guess what I'm saying is I, and I don't wanna sound like I'm whining or fact checking, which I hate, but what she's saying is the mere image of the truth. She doesn't care. She's got no reference points in the truth.


And she's an extremist and she's a former prosecutor, which is and no form prosecutor should hold power, period. I I, I've covered them my whole life. I've intensely disliked every single one of them for good reason. I think they're scary, they're liars and they're megalomaniacal and they put people in prison for political reasons. I've seen it again and again and again. And she's one of them. And people will go to prison. Gee, Trump wants to jail journalists. I have friends who are journalists. One of them's in prison now for thought crimes under her administration. So this is, it's, sorry, lemme go back. Preschool and childcare for our children America. We are not going back.


And We are charting and we are charting a new way forward, forward to a future with a strong and growing middle class because we know a strong middle class has always been critical to America's success. And building that middle class will be a defining goal of my presidency. And I'll tell you, this is personal for me. The middle class is where I come from.


My mother kept a strict budget. We lived within our means, yet we wanted for little. And she expected us to make the most of the opportunities that were available to us and to be grateful for them because as she taught us, opportunity is not available to everyone. That's why we will create what I call an opportunity economy. An opportunity economy where everyone has the chance to compete and a chance to succeed. Whether You live in a rural area, small town, or big city.


And as president, I will bring together labor and workers and small business owners and entrepreneurs and American companies to create jobs, to grow our economy and to lower the cost of everyday needs like healthcare and housing and groceries. We will provide access to capital for small business owners and entrepreneurs and founders. And we will end America's housing shortage and protect social security and Medicare. Can, can I, I'm sure I can't control myself again, we're gonna end America's housing shortage.


You just let in over 10 million people illegally and you put them all in housing vouchers and food stamps and gave them free plane tickets and free cell phones and all of 'em have to live somewhere. You caused America's housing shortage. If you care about the cost of housing, limit the population. Certainly don't expand it through uncontrolled immigration through open borders, which is exactly what they did. She's responsible for it. And her donors at BlackRock are buying up the houses in your neighborhood. And her donors at Airbnb are turning your neighborhood into a completely unmanageable, you know, garbage. A a place filled with transients where there's no social connection at all between people. Those are her donors, those are her policies.


For her to lecture us on the housing shortage that she caused is, it's almost too much. I, I can't sit here, Made a suggestion, I think in the past week about taxing unrealized capital gains included on your house. So no, she's not going to, that's not her job. The Housing, it's, this is like very simple math. There's a certain number of houses we're capable of building a certain number more each year. And if you flood the country with new people, poor people, you are going to have a housing crisis. You're gonna have a crunch. There are more people than there are available houses. And so houses become more expensive for native born Americans. Like it's that simple. It's supply and demand and whatever may, if if you're Kamala Harris, you just ignore that.


But she doesn't ignore it. She acts like Trump caused it somehow and she's gonna fix it. It's like bewildering to me. There's a boldness to what they're doing in terms of they accused Trump of everything they're doing. They say Trump's gonna do it now, where they actually people doing it. But we're gonna tell you that. Trump, What Is that? It's, it's the, It's the weirdest thing I've ever seen. I've lied in my life when I'm cornered or caught doing something I'm embarrassed of, I lie. But I've never, in my life, it's never even occurred to me to accuse the person who caught me doing something wrong, of doing the thing that I'm doing wrong. I've just, I've never even thought of that before. It's, what is that?


It's chess. It's a brilliant, it's brilliant strategy. It's, it's, it's a great deflection. It's great propaganda. It's, it's, it blinds people and 'cause they're looking in the wrong direction. This person's telling me that person is no different. Like, hey, that group over there, they're racist now we think you black people can't compete with us, so we must lower all standards so You can compete, so we're gonna do something racist, but we're gonna tell you they're the racists. You're absolutely right. No, you're absolutely right. We're, we're, we're so marinating in deception that it's hard sometimes to see it.


The big tech companies censor our content. I hate to tell you that it's still going on in 2024. But you know what? They can't censor live events. And that's why we are hitting the road on a fall tour for the entire month of September coast to coast. We'll be in cities across the United States. We'll be in Phoenix with Russell Brand, Anaheim, California with a fake Ramos Swami, Colorado Springs with Tulsi Gabbard, salt Lake City, with Glen Beck, Tulsa, Oklahoma with Dan Bonino, Kansas City, with Megan Kelly Wichita, with Charlie Kirk Milwaukee with Larry Elder Rosenberg, Texas, with Jesse Kelly Grand Rapids, with Kid Rock Reding, Pennsylvania with Alex Jones, Fort Worth, Texas with Roseanne Barr Greenville, South Carolina with Marjorie Taylor Green Sunrise, Florida with John Rich Jacksonville, Florida with Donald Trump Jr.


You can get tickets at Tucker Carlson dot com. Hope to see you there. Sorry. We can go back to Kamala Harris, Ban medication abortion and enact a nationwide abortion ban with or without Congress. And get this, get this, he plans to create a national anti-abortion coordinator and force states to report on women's miscarriages and abortions.


Simply put, they are out of their minds. And one must ask, one must ask, why exactly is it that they don't trust women? Well, we trust women. We trust women. And when Congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedom as president of the United States, I will proudly sign it into law.


In this election, many other fundamental freedoms are at stake. The freedom to live safe from gun violence in our schools, communities, and places of worship. The freedom to love who you love openly and with pride. The freedom to breathe clean air and drink clean water and live free from the pollution that fuels the climate crisis and the freedom that unlocks all the others. The freedom to vote with this election, we finally have the opportunity to pass the John Lewis Voting Rights Act and the Freedom to Vote act.


They should be very afraid of this woman, very afraid. And anyone who's telling you that she's a moron playing those clips that I played for years on Fox of her stumbling through her school bus talk or trying to explain where Ukraine is, know, you know, and dismissing her as a buffoon. She's not a buffoon, she's a demagogue. She's actually surprisingly slick and composed, which makes her a lot scarier. She's the female Gavin Newsom. They're from the same state. They didn't win any elections. It's a one party state. They were chosen by the unions in California and installed in those jobs. There is no democracy in California. It's fake. And anyone from there can tell you that this woman is a product of machine politics in a one party state.


That's her attitude. And she's absolutely capable of winning. That's the takeaway from this for me. She's My pledge to you. I I capable of winning. I I think she's capable of being carried across the finish line. Yes, That's Right. And you know, they have a system in place to manipulate voting and all that. And, and again, they think, and maybe they're right, that they dumbed down America enough that this what they're putting out there, all this symbolism and all the celebrities are with us and, and people that are normal, let's call them weird. That's another little, their, their mind trick of, you know, they're making normal behavior seem weird and they're the normal people.


Yeah. If That walls guy is calling anyone weird, I get the strongest creepy vibes off that guy, Obviously. Yeah. Obvi obviously, obviously that guy's a freak and it, I can just smell it anyway if he's calling anyone weird. But the point is, I think anyone running against this woman should take her seriously, should think very carefully about how to oppose and expose her and not imagine that she's gonna be easily spanked in a debate. You, you followed elections closer and longer than I have that they're cl ha have elections always been this focused on, hey, you should like this person, you should dislike this person rather than a conversation that's devoid of policy conversation.


No, and no, not at all. And not at all. And I'm not, I'm hardly an expert on elections. I usually call them wrong. So, but with that caveat, I've certainly been around them my whole life. I mean, I was at Reagan's last rally in 1980 at the Delmar Racetrack. So yeah, I've been to a lot of political events and no, I mean, up until back when it was a functioning, well educated country, politicians did, I mean, Fritz Mondale in 84 made, you know, real, a real case for his tax program. For example, you know, even Mike Tokis in 88, they Bill Clinton made policy arguments like, vote for me and you'll get this and here's how I'm gonna give it to you. I don't, I didn't believe them, but he made those arguments.


This is just slogan after this is a TikTok level speech, but It's really just like, Hey, he's the bad guy. I'm a good person. Vote. And it, it, it's, I, I, I, that's all they're offering and you can't get me to buy that. She's a good person just based off of just geography. She's a San Francisco politician. When I go look at San Francisco, that's not what I want for the rest of the country. I couldn't agree more. And so the the argument that I was making on your show 10 years ago is like, hey, the whole left has been hijacked by San Francisco. These are no longer New York liberals.


Trump is a New York liberal. She's a San Francisco liberal, they're revolutionary. And, and this whole, whoever it was earlier Gothan said that, you know, democrats are, it was Kissinger. They're just as patriotic as as Republicans. I'm like, well, hold on, this party wants to rewrite the Constitution. How Impact the Supreme Court. Yeah. How, how are they? Well, They hate the country. Yes, they degraded the country. Yeah. They, they hate its history. They hate its culture. They hate its people. That's why they were replacing them. She was raising money for the people that were burning and looting the country all during the summer of George Floyd and all that other stuff.


These, this group hates America says it, its founding was wrong. They've rewritten history. They paid another delusional woman of mixed race heritage, Hannah Nicole Jones or Nicole Hannah Jones for the New York to in to rewrite the entirety of American history back by the New York Times. The these aren't accidents, these aren't coincidences. No, of course. Who is Hannah Nicole Jones. Mixed breed, half black, half white woman. What are her credentials? How did she get elected to rewrite the entirety of American history Frame America as founded in racism? And it started in 16, she rerate the rewrote the whole thing.


Who is she other than she gets away. It's a black woman. Don't question it. Well, she's a tool. Give the pool of, she's A tool of others. of course you So Kamala Harris just said, I could hear my ear that if elected president, she will secure the border. So like imagine the balls required, you know, again, I've told lies and I'm sure I will, again, I try, I really try not to, but I'm sure I will be weak and lie about something to somebody at some point. But if I ever told a lie like that, that was precisely opposite truth. I mean, I'd be worried about getting struck by lightning or something. Normal person can't lie like that. So I'm gonna secure the border. She's the border czar and we have an open border. Like what They have.


I'm just, I literally just thinking this in real time, politics was a game of football, contact sport, real consequences. They've turned it into gymnastics, into, there's some judges that we don't really understand and they score things and say, this person was better than that person. And it's very subjective. And, and they've, that's what this is. It's they're putting on a four day concert tour show. How did we make you feel? She's an attractive woman. She's speaking in complete sentences and you know, this looks better, feels better. Just go with that.


And, and I, I I, I'm, I'm so afraid for all of us and most, you know, I've never voted Tucker, I'm gonna vote. And it's primarily the number. I literally just came to this conclusion yesterday, two days ago, an interview with Eric Metastas where I was just like, Hey man, if Trump doesn't get elected, those people on January 6th are gonna sit in prison for God knows how long he, he's, he's our only hope to pardon these people and free them. And, and it, it just helped me just understand like, man, these consequences are so real.


And the, the the other thing that just, it's like people don't understand why even with his flaws, his flaws are actually good things for us in this time. And I know that that sounds delusional or it sounds like I'm just keeping up for Trump, but, but I'm not, who was it? Yeah, Michelle Obama. The affirmative action of generational wealth and, and every, oh, everybody loves it because we're all prone to not liking the rich kid. Someone like me that grew up poor, the rich kid, blah, blah. But in this instance, the rich kid, the reason we didn't like him is 'cause hey, he's kind of uncontrollable.


He does whatever he wants because you know, his daddy can cover for him and the consequences don't matter. And it just so happens we're at a time in history where we need a rich kid who's uncontrollable. Well, sure. And so her generational wealth come, it just landed flat with me. It's like, and and she probably doesn understand, but like the audience doesn't understand is that that's why Trump is valuable because he is the rich kid that's uncontrollable. It's why, and I apologize for saying this without warning you, but it's just like me trying to understand how you got where you are at. Why are you uncontrollable?


And you grew up a rich kid, you were probably a little uncontrollable as a kid and that's just part of your nature. Well, I've been around all these people my whole life and I, they don't have anything that I want and I know them and I know what they're like. I know what a scam this whole thing is. And 'cause I, I lived in DC for 35 years and so this is, none of this is mysterious to me. And I concluded through experience that it was mostly fake. And I was shocked by that and angered by that. And so they're not gonna fool me because I, I live there. I know what this is. It's lie and I'm just completely sick of it, completely sick of it. And my kids are grown and I don't have a mortgage and like, I just don't care.


You know what I mean? Yes. And that's why I'm looking at Trump in terms of, he's old in terms of like, you, you reach an age and you have a enough memories where you're like, you know what, if I died, I can't say life was unfair to me. Yeah. And, and Trump is clearly there. Like he can't, can say life was unfair. His youngest son is 18, 19 years old. Yes. I believe, you know, it would be terrible if he left and I know that. But, but he's like, nah, I, I look around my kids are good. Yes. And life has been very fair to me. You know, I'm willing to take this risk.


I agree. And, and then you've got the uncontrollable streak in him and that's why And You can look and she's unpacking, I grew up poor and I did this and do that. You know what that screams to me is like You can be easily compromised 'cause you want all this power and wealth. Yes. And you'll do anything for it. He's already had it. He's so used to, he, you know, he, he just doesn't care about it nearly as much as she does. And is not that I'm against the underdog because I'm certainly one and you know, my mother was a factory worker. My dad didn't graduate high school. I'm pro underdog. But right now we have so many compromised politicians, so many politicians willing to cut a deal for their own personal gain.


That the little underdog story. And I came from nothing. It just doesn't ring Well also in her case, it's basically fraudulent. I mean her parents were college professors. Yes. I mean, you know, they're not rich. That's true. But to, to get an oppression lecture from the daughter of foreign-born college professors is too much. Like I can't, I just can't deal with it. Like, it's just too fake. Alright, I think she's wrapping up. Oh, there she is. Wrapping up. Oh, credit to her. Well we missed a lot of what she said, so We'll catch it over 12. Wait, wait. So yeah, I'm kind of glad we missed a lot of it.


It was what we heard was enough. So what would be your, your summation, your final thoughts on this? My, I'll go back to where I began at the beginning. This is a religious cult of racial idolatry and abortion. And it's a celebration of the matriarchy and female leadership. And it's, it's a group of people that will sacrifice all of our freedoms for the belief they'll be more safe and they're gonna be shocked at how unsafe they are and how little freedom they have if we continue down this path.


'cause those of you in this arena, you're gonna get shit on just like everybody else. And, and I will say what is sad though is I think some people are getting so normalized with their lack of freedom that they won't even know what they're giving up. Yeah. And that's what is really scary to me. But they'll figure the next pandemic, they, they, they orchestrate. And if they ever take or take our guns away from us, they're, they'll be shoving those needles in you at gunpoint and you'll be wishing you hadn't given up your guns. You wish you hadn't fallen for this BS Jason.


Well look, I, I can't add a single word or punctuation mark to that summary of what we decide. I agree with all of it, unfortunately. And I really appreciate you taking all this time. Awesome. Glad to be here. Loved your studio. You gave me some ideas. I'm remodeling or I'm renovating a house, putting a studio in. It won't be this big, But, well this is a barn. Yeah. We actually have dinner at this table. So I, my recommendation to you is do it from your kitchen table. Wherever you're comfortable is the best place. I'm trying to stay away from my kitchen. Me too. Tell me about it. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for listening to The Tucker Carlson Show.


If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson dot com.