
So I guess the first question is, Thank you for doing this. What? Are we rolling? We're rolling. Okay. Let's roll. Shall we? Good to be with you. Tuck. Nice to see you. To be with. Yeah. No, I, Yeah. As I've said to you privately, but I, and I mean it, I think you're maybe The best reporter working. I know You don't even think of yourself as a reporter, but a gatherer of facts in an explainer of what they mean. I, I think you're The best. Thank you. Welcome to The Tucker Carlson Show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else. And they're not sed of course, because we're not gatekeepers.


We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly. Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's the episode. So where do these fires, first of all, How Many Fires Are There and Where Did They Come From? I believe there's five active fires right now. And these are ignition driven fires, meaning that this, these are all, this is all shopper all, or, you know, scrubland Yes. You know, brush areas. So this isn't, this is different than the Sierra forests. Right? These are not forest fires. Yeah. These are not forest fires. And that doesn't mean that you're doomed to them, but it's the, it's not the same problem that we get in the Sierras. So they're ignition driven and they're obviously wind-driven, but there's nothing unusual.


You know, I just interviewed a climate scientist about this, or I rather a, an environmental forest sciences scientist about this. There's nothing unusual about this. I mean, it is somewhat unusual to get, you know, you have a dry period and then the Santa Ana winds in January. But it's not like that never happens. They, I'm working my way there. So, of course, to the ignitions, of course. But I mean, the important thing to know is that the National Weather Service put out a WAA fire warning on January 2nd. And a local weatherman actually forecasted on January 1st, they said, we're headed towards a super dangerous moment. The next day, the National Weather Service, Los Angeles held a briefing to underscore that point, the day after that, the mayor flew to Ghana.


I mean, it's crazy. Like you, so These were public press conferences? Yeah, These were, oh, I mean, it was absolutely public. And it goes to the politicians first, but it's all said public. It's the National Weather Service. So that, so that, so that, that was like literally on the first or second, the governor should have called out the National Guard. He should have called all of our neighboring states. He should have called Canada and Mexico asked for all their backup help. They should have started circling C one thirties that are, you know, especially retrofitted with that can dump the fire retardant or, or water. They should have had helicopters circling to see where the fires were. It should have been immediate mobilization. I pardon my ignorance. I, I didn't, first of all, I didn't see that news when it happened, but I didn't know that.


So it was really clear to the people who run the city and the state that you had this combination of dry conditions and heavy winds. High winds And Yeah. And, and because there's so many ignitions, because of really these two factors, mostly the electrical wires, you know, brushing up against, you know, vegetation and trigger a fire. That's kinda the one of the main ones. The other one is, is homeless people starting fires. Yeah. All over la half of all fires put out by the LA fire department are started by homeless people. It's been that way for years. Why do homeless people start fires? Well, you know, it turns out meth heads love to start fires.


You know, there's just, every drug has, its kind of weird element to, but meth heads love starting fires. They love destroying things. Like meth is like the drug of nihilism. So it's like perfect drug for LA and California at the moment. So it's not, these are not cooking fires. They could be cooking fires, But starting fires to destroy things is, yeah. Oh, for meth addiction. Oh yeah, for sure. It's not evil or anything. No, it totally fine. Yeah. What could go wrong, But isn't classically starting fires and torturing animals? Aren't those like signs of sociopathic Psychopathy? Yeah, I mean, for sure. I mean, look, meth makes you psych, you know, makes you psychopathic. It makes you psychotic. It's meth and do psychosis. But I mean, yeah, and all the crazy, I mean, people behave, I mean, things that people do on meth, I mean, it is like the, it's like they behave with like superhuman crazy powers.


The levels of violence, the assaults, the, I mean, you just, when you interview people, particularly people in recovery that describe being on meth, I mean, they're just awake for like weeks at a time. Like, it's not even clear how they get any sleep at all. So that's just, that madness has continued. And, you know, and Mayor Bass, who's the, Wait, so just to isolate what you're saying, yeah. And just to pause to, I think it's a really important point. Fires at least half of fires in LA County are started by homeless people. Yeah. And you believe that's driven by their use of a specific drug meth? Not totally. I mean, I think homeless people are gonna often start fires for a lot of different reasons, right?


I mean, drugs can start fires, but, but the meth heads are like into fire. Like, it's a big part of meth culture. It's just starting things on fire. No one sees this in theological terms. It's like, This is, I know, it's amazing. Well, It's amazing. Yeah. No, it's satanic. I mean, you go totally satanic It. It seems about as obvious as it could Be. Yeah. It's awful. So, but you know, you kind of go, I mean, so first of all, that problem should have been dealt with obviously years ago. It should never have been allowed. So, but that they knew on January 1st, January 2nd that the fires were coming. Like it was inevitable that there would be fires. Like there was like zero doubt among anybody that knows anything about fire in Los Angeles, that the fires were coming, the fires were coming.


So the, like, the governor should have been there. The mayor should have been there. You should just, like, literally you should. It's all about, and it's all about prevention in part because by the time the fire trucks are having to weave their way up those little hills of That's right. You know, the Pacific Palisades, it's over. I mean, so the other thing to keep in mind is that, okay, well, so that's the first thing is that they just have to mobilize in advance. So that's a Feature for people who aren't aware of the Geography of la Oh, it's just incredible. I mean, it's why it's so beautiful, right? Beautiful places are dangerous. Exactly. Right. So, so that was, so that, that's like the main event. So the, I mean, 'cause I knew, I, I did, my first thing I did is I was like, look, they're gonna come out and say it was inevitable. And that's just a total lie. 'cause of global warming.


Yeah. Because of global warming. And I mean, anyway, we can get, so there's so many places to go here, but just on the most practical sense, they knew the fires were coming And they didn't do anything. The mayor leaves the country, she flies to Ghana after having promised not to leave the country. By the way, as mayor, she's traveled six, at least six times out of the country, and she promised not to travel. Why is it important the mayor be there? 'cause You can, Hey, well, aren't there other people in charge? Because it's a command, it's an emergency command situation. She has to be able to issue orders and to, you know, waive regulations and make things happen. The governor has to be doing that. They didn't do that. They should have had, by the way the, they get, they should get the fire trucks up into the fire areas right away.


Yeah. They can also start, you know, they can start clearing brush, they can start, you know, but literally, they could just be in those neighborhoods just sitting there for days at a time, waiting for the fires to happen. Put 'em out as soon as they happen. I'm not saying that they would've been able to prevent all the fires from happening, but You remember, like the big fire in 19, in 1993, I think it was Laguna Beach, or maybe it was Malibu as well, but it was like 700 homes we're at 10,000, you know, structures at this point. Homes and buildings gone, you know, 200,000 people evacuated. I mean, it's like, it's, it, it's madness. It never needed to get to that level. Okay? So that's the first thing. They just needed to have been there before the fire started.


And they didn't do that because the politicians are just, they're focused on themselves. They're focused on the next political office they want to get. So that was the first thing. The second thing is the water runs out, right? So everybody, so that was the, and then you hear people go, oh, there's nothing You can do. Because like, once the homes are burned down, like the water lines, You can see the pictures, you know, the water like will be spilling out, you know, of the homes. And so that lowered the water pressure. That was a total lie. There is something called the Santa Ines Water Reservoir, which is the potable water. Meaning the drinking water. That also goes into the fire hydrant system. 'cause the fire hydrant, you know, the, the fire hydrant system is the drinking water system. It's the same thing. There's, it's the exact same system.


That reservoir was empty, and it was the second largest of the 10 wa potable water reservoirs that serve LA county there. Let me make one distinction here, because there's actually two kinds of reservoirs. There's the reservoir with the snow melt water, these really big lakes, basically. And then there's the, and that's, that's the un purified water. And then those, and then they purify it And they feed into these reservoirs where they store the water for, for all sorts of reasons for emergencies. So that is an absolute crime that, that SANEs reservoir. Why? Because first of all, it was, it's right next to the Pacific Palisades. And so for people that don't know, Pacific Palisades, of course, is like right near, it's on your way to Malibu.


It's like the last big neighborhood before you get to the, and they're Palisades, they're over the water. Yeah, that's right. And so they have a res, like you look at the Google maps, and you look at where the Santana's reservoir is. It's right next to like a few thousand feet from Pacific Palisades. And it's above, it's really high up. And So if you had had water coming from that, the firefighters would've had plenty of water. It would not have, they would've had the water pressure, even if you had lost some homes and had those, those, the water out. So, I mean, so two major failures. The first was the failure to aggressively respond days in advance. Even those, they had very clear warnings. The second was the reservoir was empty. One reporter has reported that the, that the, the firefighters had not been warned by the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power that that reservoir was empty.


If that's true, that's just additionally scandalous. But one of the ex, one of the things that we think probably happened is that they had been required to build, have a cover for the clean, for the, for the San Reservoir, which is the potable water, the cover to prevent the water from being contaminated. In the old days, like the fifties and sixties, you know, birds would poop in those reservoirs. And the, And they would just put a bunch of chlorine in them, right. And then we decided, well, that the water was still had a lot of, you know, it still was not part was not particularly clean. So we wanted to be cleaner. So You can just put a cover over it, which is a kind of plastic or rubber lining. It appears that there was a tear in that they had to repair it.


They should not have removed that water ever during a fire season. If you need to make that repair, you, you do need to drain right, you know, right before you do the repair. But you would make that drain. And the people that I interviewed said, look, it, it would take, you know, days if not a couple of weeks to repair it. It was empty for at least a year. So it was sitting there for a year. And the person I interviewed who works at a, as a senior executive at a different water utility in California, said, if, if we had any of our reservoirs empty, we would be like super nervous the entire time. And you would also then have backup water systems. So it's like any catastrophe, you know, you just have multiple errors occurring in advance and at the moment.


And then the fires, and then the actual ignitions. You can't completely prevent ignitions, but You can significantly reduce them. One would be to not allow people to camp outside all over Los Angeles, Los Angeles County, with somewhere around, I think it's 40 to 60,000 homeless people in the whole county madness. And then the other is the electrical wires that brush up against the vegetation and, and create fire with that. You wanna clear the vegetation from around the wires. That's obvious. Yeah. And then, and then You can also just stop. I mean, this is a not great solution, but you could certainly do it in a pinch if you need to. You just stop the electricity from going into those homes for some period.


I mean, it's a drag. I've, we haven't, I live in the Berkeley Hills, which is also a dangerous fire zone. And when the winds are really strong, they'll just cut off power as a precaution so that if there, so that to prevent an ignition. So I think the, the thing that, the reason I wanted to come on the, your show, Even those I'm in the midst of a huge book deadline, is because I'm really concerned about this nihilistic discourse. That there's literally nothing that could be done. I mean, that is, that is exactly where the politicians wanna go. I worry that, you know, ordinary people have that idea the problem. It is, I mean, it's absurd. I mean, this idea that you couldn't live in Los Angeles, right? And it's like, it's like, You can say it about anywhere.


You'd be like, oh, it's, there's snowfalls in this place during winter, you know, or hurricanes. I mean, we're in an area that's Hurricane Valley, right? Right. Like huge amounts of hurricanes. That's, that's not how humans role. Like, we're capable of living in many different environments, including with extreme weather conditions. And we're really good, good At it. What it's like saying, I can't stop my kids from dying of tetanus. Right. Or starving to death. Right. Or whatever. I mean, what Yes. Right. It's so there's no way nihilistic an agency. No, that's Totally, it's so nihilistic and you trace it back. I mean, the, the, The best, the most articulate advocate of that view is a Marxist named Mike Davis, who wrote this book called City of Courts. It's a crazy nihilistic book.


But he, he had an essay, and also it's a chapter in that book called Let Malibu Burn. I mean, it's classic kind of radical left politics, this classic sort of envy or sour grapes. I mean, sour grapes goes, I can't remember the, the parable. But basically it's like, some animal wants to eat these grapes, but they're up too high, right? And he says, oh, well, those grapes were sour anyway. It's like, right. It's a consolation for your own personal weakness and failure that's just, you know, let Malibu burn. I mean, you know, you have a ideology of Marxism that is based on resentment and envy. And so then you go, well, yeah, those rich, all those rich houses should go up in flames. It's a fantasy. I mean, it's a left wing fan.


I should know. I was on the radical left, like the fantasy, you hate the rich people because you, because you want their wealth and you, you admire them in some level, but you know, you can't get it. So, I mean, this is how envy works. So you end up constructing this whole political ideology. I mean, this is what Marx has done, and it's infected like the citizenry. I mean, it's infected the politicians. And so there's this, I think that Even those, you, it's not consciously, the politicians aren't consciously saying, oh, let's let Malibu burn. That is the con That is the beha. The behaviors they have taken have had that impact. So I think that what you're seeing in real time in these, in these fire, these fires in Los Angeles, these destructive fires is the manifestation of an nihilistic ideology.


It's an emergent quality. It happens through a million small steps. But this heavy focus on left-wing ideology, whether it's DEI or ESG or climate apocalypse or just class resentment manifest itself in like the most spectacular, beautiful neighborhoods just being turned into ashes and sins. It's also on a more prosaic level of violation of like the most basic agreement there is between citizens and their government, which is, I send you more than half of what I own, but you keep my house from burning down and methods from scaring my children or whatever. Like you provide public safety, fire protection, you know, water, sewer, electricity, like just the basic stuff seems to be totally ignored.


Absolutely. So Why is anyone paying taxes? Why isn't there a revolution? There should be, Well, because of course, they're all trapped by theology. I mean, these are the neighborhoods that voted overwhelmingly for Kamala that voted overwhelmingly for Gavin Newsom that voted overwhelmingly for Karen Bass. I mean, Tucker, I, I watched Foc, I saw focus groups in 2022 with LA two GR Latinos men and women separated Latino group and a white group. And the Latinos were great. I mean, they were just like, when they start talking about the mayoral race, they were like, well, what are their positions? And like, what are their policies and what do they wanna do? And whatever. And they were very rational about it. They're very, as you would hope, you, they were self-interested. They were like, Yeah, what do I get outta this?


What do I get outta these candidates? Fair, fair question. The White, the whites, I mean, it was amazing. Like they, first of all, they, every focus group when the, the moderator would just be like, oh, hey, you know, just how's it going around here? They don't even try to lead to the conversation anywhere. And everybody just starts talking about the homeless situation and the crime, you know, which is basically continuous with homelessness. And then they would be like, oh, yeah, okay, well, about the remedies, oh, there's a mayoral race coming up. I think it was in the, it was like in the summer, you know, that these focus groups were held in Caro Versus Bass Caro versus Bass. And they hadn't really been thinking a ton about it, but there's a moment there where you see it dawns on the white focus group participants. And they were not like recruiting like leftists or Democrats or anything.


It was just supposed to be a mixed group of swing voters. And they just, as soon as it dawned on them that there was a black woman running, they were like, oh, well, I mean that's, I mean, gotta vote for the black woman. Like, it was the most racist, like you would think, like in the, in the most racist moments in American history. You know, the stereotypes that we would have, you know, about the south or whatever about, you know, reconstruction or something. Like, people would not be as open and honest about it, but they were just like openly like, well, we have to vote for the black woman. And then in the rest of the focus group, when they, a lot of 'em knew who Caruso was. 'cause you know, he is famous for these really spectacular, you know, housing developments.


Yes. And also they're that kind of calling them malls is the kind of, well you described beautiful, like outdoor shopping centers Yes. With like lawns. And You can get like a, you know, fantastic restaurants and You can like have, the kids can play freely on these lawns. I mean, it's sort of tragic because of course it's all private. It's not public spaces. But nonetheless, you feel safe. You go in there. It's an amazing place. So they didn't, even for that, I wa these white participants, I was watching them through basically over like the next hour, hour and a half explaining why Caruso was a bad guy for just running against this black woman. Like, it was just outrageous. And what is he trying to do? He is trying to make money. I mean, which is just crazy.


'cause of course he's just, you know, like, he's like a billionaire. I mean, he is self-made and extraordinarily successful person. And clearly running for mayor is an altruistic act. So it was just appalling. So of course, I mean, I have to say, you know what, What is that? I mean, I, I've been to every big white country in the last year, Australia, Canada, uk, US obviously. And that very specific brand of self hatred, nihilism. Yeah. That brain disease is everywhere. It's not just here. It's, it's throughout the anglosphere. Yeah. What, and it's history changing and its effects. Absolutely. What is that? Why is the white world determined to kill itself?


Do you have any idea? It's really noticeable. Yeah. I mean, there's so much in that. I mean, it seems like there's like multiple levels. I mean, at one superficial level, or at least a kind of psychological sociological level, they're all competing with each other to show who's a better person. Yes. The more I, I more, the more hatred I express towards white people, the better I am as a human being. Destroying your own kids is like the measure of virtue. Virtue. Oh yeah. Nihilism, obviously, this is a very old story about decadence and of, you know, comfort and you start to kind of believe, I mean, there, there's something really checked out from reality about the whole thing. I mean, it, first of all, it's the stories that get told are just, you know, like absurd.


Like 16, 19 being the founding of America. That's just obviously wrong. The country was founded, you know, our constitution is 1789 declaration independence, 70, 76. And only that, but like slavery was never at the heart of the United States. It was always, it was the whole place committed to, it was Amer English Americans, or the American English, as they were referred to wanting to create a country the first time that was just founded on the enlightenment ideals of freedom and of, of free expression. I mean, it's so important. They put us the first Amendment, they insisted on a bill of rights. So you just get this completely twisted, you know, disinformation story about the United States that gets embraced.


But yeah, it's nihilism, I mean, but Em but embraced by whites Yeah. At when it's aimed. So it is a, I mean, leaving aside the fact that it's, it's false, but, you know, a lot of creationists are false, but this one is false in a specific way. Yes. Which is like, you suck and you should die. And all the way it's like, yeah, you're right. I should Right. What? It's, I mean, it's end of civilization sort of ideology, isn't it? That's it. That's it. It's like, what? You know, I don't, I've never seen anything like it. No, I mean, when you read the old, and It is the whites too. Oh yeah. No. 'cause the Latinos, I mean, they're so, well, they Don't, they're like, What? Yeah, they're for sure. They're like working, they're like more working class. They're more Christian. They're more, they love America more. They remember where they came from. I agree. Or so, yeah.


I mean, it's also, yeah. So it's just, in some ways, it's an old story of a civilization just at its end. I mean, including all the transgenderism of course. I mean, that's of course, you know, that's the Camille Polly's famous writing about how that, that shows up at the end of civilizations. Yes. And so, you know, every read Tobee, it's like one of the characteristics is when the elites stop the creative class of elites, which is, I mean, Los Angeles. Yeah. They stop identifying with their own working class. Yes. And they start to identify with, you know, with outsiders, basically with, with people from foreigners, from outside the country. That's another sign of a civilization at its end. So


we Were already meeting here at TCN the other day, and I looked around the room and every other person had a kind of ruddy vitality, sort of pink cheeks, alertness, bright eyes, full mental acuity, and a cheerfulness you could almost smell. And I asked, why does everyone look so good? And part of the answer, of course, is they like what we do for a living. It's really interesting. We think it's important. But another reason everyone looks so good is because they'd all had a great night sleep. I'm not making this up. Almost everybody here uses a new sleep technology from a company called Eight Sleep. They sent it to us, and everyone here loves it. It's called the pod. It's a high tech mattress cover effectively that you add to your existing bed. You don't need a new bed or anything like that. You just throw this over what you have. What it does is it just the temperature of your bed warmer or cooler, depending on what you want. And it maintains an ideal sleeping environment all night long. So I didn't know this, but as you progress through different phases of sleep, your body's needs change. And Eight, Sleep automatically keeps things exactly where they should be in the sweet spot through the entire night. It's been proven to increase the quality of your sleep, the amount you sleep Every night. It improves your recovery time from physical exertion, and it may even improve your cognitive performance. Enhance, enhance your overall health. It seems to be doing that in our office. So it learns and adapts to your sleep patterns over time and automatically adjusts temperatures throughout the night through each phase of sleep. And it does this independently for each sleeper on either side of the bed. That's pretty cool. So You can sleep well and feel much better and be more effective the next morning as we are here. Try it for yourself. Go to Eight Sleep dot com slash tucker. Use the promo code Tucker to get an extra 350 bucks off the Pod, four Ultra. You can try it with zero obligation for a month. And if you don't like it, just send it back again. That's Eight Sleep dot com slash tucker. Better sleep today and look great in your morning meetings. As our guys do Every day.


Thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists, like Kunle put people at the heart of everything they create In the average household. There are dozens of connected devices here in the Comcast family. We're building an integrated in-home wifi solution for millions of families like my own. It brings people together in meaningful ways. Kunle and his team are building a wifi experience that connects 1 billion devices every year. Learn more about how Comcast is redefining the future of connectivity@comcastcorporation.com slash wifi.


I can say to my new Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra, Hey, find a keto friendly restaurant nearby and text it to Beth and Steve and it does without me lifting a finger so I can get in more squats anywhere I can. 1, 2, 3. Will that be cash or credit? Credit? Four. Galaxy S 25 Ultra. The AI companion that does the heavy lifting. So You can do you get yours@samsung.com compatible, select apps, cars, Google, Gemini. Account results may vary based on input check responses for accuracy.


You alluded a minute ago to, its cause being affluence. Just generational affluence makes People Seems like it. It does. It feels that way to me too. I, I'm not An expert. I mean, there's the, I mean, it's a cliche, but I like a lot of cliches, a lot truth to it is the, you know, the, the good times make soft. Yeah. Men and soft men make bad times. So I mean, I, there's obviously been a huge correction in the United States, which is, you know, welcome, which is a sort of re-embrace of, of the ideals of the United States. Yes. I mean, let's hope that this has been a wake up call for the people of Los Angeles. I mean, it's, they are reaping what they sowed and that people of California are reaping what we sowed.


And, you know, that is, you know, I mean, it's really quite symbolic. You know, it's like the neighborhoods of the, of the elites in Los Angeles that are really, that really got the most effective that are having to flee. And, but again, I mean, part of the reason I wanted to come on, I've been writing about it every day and trying to surface the stories of the utility, the water utility executives. And I've got a story coming out later today from a firefighter who, you know, like basically just described, I mean, the firefighters, of course, the men and women on the ground doing the hard work, they're blameless. But I mean, the destruction, there's 29 fire departments in Los Angeles, including LA County Fire Department.


You know, there's 88 cities in, people don't realize, like Los Angeles is a city, but then there's a much larger county around it with 88 cities in it. And there's, and not all of them have fire departments. In fact, most of 'em don't. Right. So the ones that don't have their own fire departments, they depend on LA County Fire Department. But, you know, and it's been this way for a long time. So it's not like it can't work. But it definitely introduces a level of complexity into it. I mean, the priorities of these fire departments, it's not just like a social media meme. I mean, the, the, it really has been DEI, like it really has been the priority of these fire departments. The first priority of the fire departments should be to put out fires and keep people safe and save lives. But the first priority has been DEII mean, that is clearly, Is there evidence, do we have social science that shows that lesbians are better firemen than non lesbians?


I mean, I mean, the Quin I mean, what are the chances, right? That like all three of these executives are, I mean, you know, it's like, it's also sort of like, I mean, it's, it's funny because the way that the, the defenders of it sort of talk about it is as though they're imposing equality. Actually, they're demanding that, that it not be based on merit. I mean there, first of all, there was never any evidence that the fire departments were like systematically or structurally excluding qualified people. I mean, that's not to say that never happened or there wasn't some racism. I mean, of course there is, but it's like you're getting, they got into a situation where like people are getting promoted who were not as qualified as other people on basis of race.


I mean, that is anathema to the American system. And by the way, the people of California have now twice rejected racial preferences. Yes. One of them in 1996, I believe. And then the other again in 20, was it 2018? Believe they Also rejected gay marriage, but they're not allowed to get what they want. Actually, it turns out, 'cause whatever you think of gay marriage or racial preferences or whatever, if you believe in democracy and you have a referendum system, you have to abide by the results. Well, Yeah. And they haven't, don't. No, they haven't. I mean, the spirit, the spirit of California, I mean, there's a true spirit of California that I do think is very American, which is really egalitarianism. I mean, the American creed, if you believe Daniel Bell's analysis of it, you know, it's, it's liberty, it's laissez-faire, it's individualism and it's egalitarianism.


That's the state I grew up in. It was the most American of all states. That's right. It's not equity, it's it's equality of opportunity. That's what egalitarianism is. It doesn't matter Who your family was. Right. We used to say, when I was a kid, no one in California used his last name. Now why would that be? You know, you go back east as we called it. I, we go in the summertime, I'd be like, I Michael Shellenberger and California's like Mike. Well, my father would always say, that's because in California it's not about the legacy of your family, it's not about cast, it's about you. Right. Can you do it or not? Right. That seemed like a great system to me. It's Great. I mean, that's what I love. I mean, it's, the part I love about California is like, I lived on the East coast for like a year. It was a traumatic experience. You'd go to parties and someone would be like, oh, what school did you go to?


Oh, totally. And then they'd be kinda looking over your shoulder. Yeah, totally. And you're like, well, what, like, who cares what school I went to? Like, you know, who am I Exactly. Where my passions and Exactly. So that was like, I was like, wow, that is cr like that is weird, you know, in California it's like, what's your jam, dude? You know? Yeah. It's like really, like, what are you into, you know? It's, that's like The best of it. Who Are you as a person? Yeah. Who are you as a person? It's the human, you know, it's like there, obviously they're, You can get culty and whatever, but I mean, it is the, The best of that human potential. Well, you're not Held responsible for the sins of people you're related to. Well, I'd say, and you know, I, I come from a complicated family, so I always love that idea, you know, And I was like, yeah, you're judged on you. Yes. And the choices that you make and the character that you have, Right.


Your decency, which, which is actually radical individual responsibility. I, that's What I always thought. Yeah. I mean, that was always for me, it was like, you know, Viktor Frankl who wrote Man Search for me. Yes. And he was this incredible Holocaust survivor. The whole thing was, was like, you know, being in a death camp shouldn't control how I think about the world. I mean, that's about as radical of a totally, of an individual mentality point of view. And now of course, that's viewed as very right wing and very unsympathetic and whatever. But Viktor Frankl was just loved by the existentialist California left in the sixties. I mean, he would sell out these huge auditorium in Berkeley, And they would, you know, they'd go to eSalon. And so, I mean, you go from that to basically nobody taking responsibility.


I mean, it's incredible And everyone living under the crushing burden of history. Yes. Most of it misconstrued in a lie anyway. Right. But still the idea that the past is determining The president in the future. Yes. That's like the least Californian least American idea ever. That's Well-spoken. No, no, it's totally brilliantly well-spoken. No, absolutely. Yeah. I mean, it's like we in in, in our next book we're doing, we were working on this idea of these singularities, meaning like these just awful events in the past. The Holocaust slavery. Yes. Indigenous genocide. And they become like gods for secular people. They become like super present. Like, you know, there's, it's just everything that we do is affected by slavery.


And, you know, everything that this is indigenous land. I mean, I was going through the, I was just going through the, all of like the various documents over the years of like water and fire and disaster in Los Angeles. And they, they like all open with land acknowledgements. You know, you're just like, well, yeah, but like literally you think that white people don't belong here. Like, that is literally what you're saying in those land acknowledgements. You're saying, we don't belong here. And you may have seen, there's a very, there's a clip that went viral on social media with the deputy police, the deputy fire chief of Los Angeles, where she's sort of saying, oh yeah, people will ask me, you know, can you carry my husband out of a house, you know, in danger? And she's like, well, you know, your husband got himself in a place that he shouldn't have been.


That was her response. It was, was like, Was that I saw that video and that, my first thought was that can't be Was it, was, was that Real? I I know it looks like a parody. It's crazy. You're why was you, that's literally, your job is to be able to carry someone. Can you imagine like someone being like, oh yeah, your father, your elderly father, you know, we couldn't carry him out of the house And he shouldn't have been in that house when it was out. Or your Daughter gets raped walking to school. Yeah. Well, she shouldn't have been wearing a skirt. Right. Yeah. Which was all, I mean, what, that's like the left campaign, like when I was in college, like that was the whole don't blame the victim. Of course. That was the whole thing. Of course, of course. They're all, it's, Which I would kind of agree with, by the way. I mean, you should be able to look attractive and not get raped. Of course. You should be allowed to be old and immobile and not die in a fire.


Right. Like, what are we even saying? That's Civilization and how keep It's civilization. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. What's the point of civilization? The point of civilization is to protect the vulnerable. Right. And to make it possible for people to reproduce and continue. Right. So make it possible for you to have kids and your kids to have kids. Like there's no reason to have it other than that. So at the most basic Level, yes. And so I don't understand, like how could she say something like that and not get fired or Arrested? I know she should have been fired as soon as that came out. I mean, and Gavin Newsom should have called for her to be fired. The mayor should have called for fire. She's still in that job. I mean, she's, that that's dangerous. Like it's a violation of firefighter ethics. It's that person is a danger. In other words, she's going around suggesting to all of her people that work for her that they're not responsible for saving.


But I think it reflects the mentality, which is a nihilistic mentality, which is that we don't belong here. You know, we stole, we stole this land. And so you, so, and this is this, you know, mam let Malibu burn. I mean, it is definition definitionally nihilism. I mean, it's anti civilization nihilism. You know, there's sort of two forms of nihilism. One of 'em is basically anti civilization, anti-human, anti, you know, modern life. And it stems from this earlier nihilism, which is that life has no meaning. We're just like animals. And the famous Russian novel fathers and sons by church Rev, you know, the, the nihilistic character dissects a frog and says, we're just like this frog.


You know, you're just, we're just matter. You know, we're just dead matter. Just this assembly. So it's a very dark nihilistic story that then leads to this just yeah. Nihilistic anti civilization ideology, which became very fashionable. I mean, city of Courts, the Mike Davis book, I mean, it was a very fashionable book to read in places like Pacific Palisades and Hollywood and Santa Monica and, and Venice. So yeah, I think it's, you know, I hope it's a wake up call. I don't know if it will be, but it is a completely preventable disaster. Fires are definitely not completely preventable, but that level of destruction absolutely is.


And anybody who says that it's, that it is not preventable, should be as far away from power as possible. Like anybody who believes that it was inevitable to lose 10,000 homes and buildings in Los Angeles over a week, they should not be in pol. They should be very far away from political power. They should not be in charge of any fire department. Yes. Because it ends up becoming a self-fulfilling prophecy. So I've taken you right to 50,000 feet, the future of the whites and all this stuff, which I'm grateful that you addressed. But just back to the, and I'm, I'm sorry for digressing so much. Back to the, the first question. How did this start? You gave a great explanation. Did climate change play a role?


Did, was this caused by climate change? No, It's not caused by climate change. I mean, certainly warmer weathers all else being equal makes the wood, you know, drier. Yes. But there is no change in precipitation over since 1877. They've kept very good records of rainfall, annual rainfall in the Los Angeles basin. And it's unchanged. Really. There are, I know, it's incredible. There's wet years and dry years. You know, you look at it, I just posted on X It's just, people can go look at it. It's from the almanac. No change in precipitation at all in Los Angeles. There have been Santa Ana winds in January. Many times in the past. There have been, you know, and, and by the way, like we, this, we, this is a dry year now, but the last two years were very heavy rains.


Too heavy. Yeah. So Mudslide heavy. Yeah. And so, you know, we're, it's extremes. I mean, it's what, you know, that's why California's so beautiful. It's a place of extremes. So we, you know, we adapt to that. I mean, you know, like, But there's been no, in the aggregate change in rainfall in 140 years. No, Absolutely not. Not, not. It's crazy. Yeah. No, it's so why are they, it's actually a remarkably stable climate. Well, it is. I mean, anyone who's lived there can tell you that's, that's its appeal. Yeah. It's, it is a pretty stable climate actually. Yeah. I mean, it's stable climate with these amazing extremes. So like, you know, yes. You'll just get these, I mean, The best, I mean, for my favorite weather is like after like, you know, three days of just intense rains and you're just like trying to make sure that your house isn't flooded and you know, the mud's everywhere.


And it's just the dogs are bringing in mud. Yeah. And then the sun comes out and it's just heaven on earth. It's beyond, I mean, that's why we're in California, right? Yes. You're just like, ugh. So we love those, we love those extremes. Yeah. I mean, I think that's part of the, I mean, it's so funny because it's like, it, you, the reversion back to these, you know, people are cursing the weather. Yeah. You know, they're blaming the weather, You know, that's why we need human sacrifice. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. Well, another one was literally just before I got here, the legislature got to, its very important work of passing a bill just now that sets aside $50 million for California to sue Trump.


Like literally. And they were in a special session. They, that they kept going. They were in a special session to figure out how to sue Trump while LA is burning. And meanwhile, Gavin's going out there all the time being like, oh, well boy, it'd be really terrible if, you know, if Trump, you know, withheld disaster aid or heaven forbid, you know, required that we, you know, get our shit together. I'm not sure if I'm allowed to say on your podcast, get our things together. And, and then like literally he's like, we're gonna sue him for implementing the agenda he was elected on by a majority of the American people. So it's just an M-S-N-B-C agenda. It's just a silly, rich, white liberal agenda. Yeah. And I will say, I've thought for 20 years that California will only be saved by like naive b Kelly type figure.


Some authoritarian Latino in a cape is gonna show up and just impose order on the state. And I'm not, I'm not being, I am white. I'm not against whites. I love whites. My children are white. But that, the fact is they can't do it in that state. Gavin Newsom can't do it. The burden of guilt and self hatred is too heavy. And you're gonna get some guy from Oaxaca who's smart and is gonna be like, we're not putting up any of this bullshit at all. And no, you can't camp in la you know, you can't do meth in la. And yes, we are gonna have like full reservoir. I mean, do you know what I mean? It would be amazing. You Can have a Kelly, it would be amazing if we had that. We, I mean was it's gonna happen. There was sort of an idea that Karen Bass, because she was black and because she came from the left, would be able to do things that a white guy wouldn't be able to do.


That was part of the, the reasoning for her. She didn't do it. I mean, she's just, I mean, look, she's very, people have to remember, she's very radical. I mean, and I get it. I mean, it was like I was there, but I left it. But you know, she went to Cuba a bunch of times. Oh, for sure. And you know, like admired Castro and you kinda thought, well, maybe that was behind her, but it's not, you know, it really isn't. I mean, this the, the thing where like, you're like literally get a warning that the whole city's gonna go up in flames and you're like, oh, I really gotta be in Ghana for the inauguration of the new president. I mean, look at where your head's at. I mean, she, she talks about it. She just loves gonna Africa all the time. I love gonna Africa, but I do too. You're like, you're like the mayor of like, It's just silly and selfish really. It's really narcissistic. It's, it's really Eva.


So It's not good that people kiss your ass your whole life and tell you, I mean that is just bad. It's it, if it ever, when it happens to me, it's bad for me. Yeah. It's bad for anybody. And if some people are always being like, you've got black girl magic, like after a while it cor No, I'm serious. 'cause it's, there is no black girl magic. There's no white man magic. It's all bullshit actually. Right. But if, if you start to believe it, having people kiss your ass, having had many people kiss my ass. I know. Corrodes your soul. Yeah. And makes you into a bad leader. And I really think that's part of, we're seeing it not just in la, but like the black girl magic thing has been bad for a lot of People. You know what I mean? Oh yeah. As the white man, magic would be too. Yeah, of course. Yeah. I mean then she gets, I mean they, they, they, so the other thing was she did cut the fire department budget.


Okay. Okay. So she just cut it. I mean she just, it just happened. And then literally they're denying it. I know. So she literally goes up at a press conference and it was word salad. I mean, it was quite impressive. I mean, she was just sort of like, like you were like, what did she just say? I mean, she's kinda, she goes, she goes, well that was, you know, it would kinda be like, well that was different because we just approved this other money. And she would basically just was a non-sequitur. I mean, she's describing a totally different salary negotiation. They cut 17.5 million from the budget. And not only that, but then they had this internal memo that leaked that said that they were looking to cut another 48.8 million, another 49 point million from the fire, from the fire ch from the fire department bridge, which had already was already decimated.


Means a whole story on this. It's not specialist, it's Like famous for Fires. It's crazy. No, it's crazy. So, so then like, so they do that and of course the LA Times and Politico and I can't remember other people, they all come out And they go, they go, did she cut the budget? You know, its complicated, you know, I mean, it's amazing. You know, it's complicated. Which is like, yeah, yeah. She did cut, she did cut the, the budget. But nobody, the media was not being honest with people about what was really going on until the fire chief, the lesbians LA County fire chief, to her credit, she was being, actually, she was being grilled by a local Fox television reporter who was just doing a great job, actually.


I mean, just to be handed the local tv actually. Yeah. Some of The best reporting still. Well, only in La LA has always had great local television. I don't know why. Probably. No, I think I agree with you. Yeah. It's fallen off in the Bay Area though. They did a little bit better on Oakland when things get really crazy. But she just kept going after her. She just kept asking her over and over again about the, about the budget cuts. And she was kind of having a hot fun. She was just like, yeah, yeah, she did. She cut that money and and she's like, and did it matter? Yeah, yeah, it mattered. You know, she didn't sent on, she had sent a letter. I mean there was a letter from, I think it was December 4th, that the chief, the, the fire chief had sent, which said specifically, this is gonna reduce our ability to deal with wildfires.


She said it twice. Yes. She said it twice in the letter. So it was a little bit like, okay, you were on the record saying it was gonna hurt your ability. So, but then she was like, yes, yes, it did hurt our ability to deal with it. Then she just was like, I think at that point, the fire chief, she was just like, all right, you know, like the gloves are off. So she goes on CBS and on CNN and reiterates it and with very strong language, ice was able to get into this piece that will come out shortly. I was able to get into the weeds a little bit on it. But basically there's a hundred fire trucks that are currently in ma, the maintenance shop that are just need to be fixed. There's a hundred fire trucks missing.


The person I interviewed was like, we could go bought, we could have bought for a hundred million dollars. We could have bought, you know, like a hundred or 200, you know, kinda used firetrucks or whatever. Just get firetruck from wherever, maintain them and just put them in different points all around the city. You wouldn't necessarily have the staff to deal with them, but you could. Then as soon as you get that fire warning again on January 1st or January 2nd, You can just fly in firefighters from around the country, from around the world. You'd just be like, look, we're just gonna bring everybody in. We don't know what's gonna happen. And then they can just go, he was, this person was like, you know, we could put like 30 of them at Dodger Stadium.


You know, you could just like put these fire trucks that are well maintained, you know, but, so she was like, because I didn't quite understand it either. 'cause she was like, we didn't have the money for the mechanics. And you're like, well why do you, like, what do you need the mechanics for? Well you need the mechanics to maintain the fire engines. Right. So I mean this is what, you know, it's like when civilization breaks down, it breaks down in like a, just a million small ways, you know? So, you know, is it, is there some DEI part of it? Yeah, there was, they were promoting people not based on merit. Is there budget cuts a absolutely. I mean, they didn't, you know, and what, what goes wrong when you don't have those budget cuts? Everything. You know, I mean, the other complaint I've heard, you know, is just that, it's just the, the, the advanced thinking.


It's just getting people that can kind of be thinking in advance. That's where their focus is. That's where their priority is. So the d the problem with the DEI is that when you're just orienting an entire organizational culture towards racial and sex quotas rather than towards, okay, you know, what about the Santa Ana winds and the fire risk and whatever. It's just, we all know that. Like, it's, it's not just time in the day. It's also mind time. It's like, what do you think about when you take a shower? What do you think about when you put on your shoes? Like where is your head at? Their head has been in the clouds around, you know, DEI the larger society, ESG climate, homelessness. I mean, I mean the list goes on and on, but the, the, you know, it was on homelessness.


We now know, 'cause the, the state audit came out $24 billion on homelessness since, since Gavin took office in 2019. Tucker homelessness in California increased by 40% under Gavin for, can you believe, I mean, 40 per so. 'cause everyone goes, it's such a curious, like, it's such a curious mystery as to we spent all this money on homelessness and yet it just increased. It's like, well yeah, because you spent money incentivizing and subsidizing homelessness. You spent all this money to attract people from all over the United States. I mean, I interview people in California that are on the streets and it's like, nobody's from California.


I mean, well you had the, they come in. The only Reason I feel like I have any understanding of what homelessness is, is because of the interviews that you did several years ago, which are the most unbel I'd never heard of you before. I saw these interviews. And you did. And I would recommend to our listeners to go find them. 'cause they're on YouTube. You did the thing that nobody, I've never seen anybody do it before. Others have followed since you did it. But you just went and you interviewed the homeless and like, what are you doing here? Yeah. Tell me your story. And they were remarkably honest. Oh, they're, they wanna be, they see the thing is like homeless people, they're always lonely, you know? And so they, they're obviously, these are people in a really bad way and they're eager to tell their story. They have a lot to say. They're not, most of them are not dumb. Some of 'em are not dumb at all. Oh no. I was shocked by it. Oh no.


And they do lie, like at the beginning. Yes. So, I mean, you have to, the secret to all great interviews, as you know, more than anybody is, is you need to have a long time. Yes. 'cause people tell the they lie at first and then the truth comes out. Yes. So like, you'll interview people and you'll be like, you're like, where are you from brother? And they'll be like, oh, I was raised here. And then you get like 30 minutes And they interview, they're like, oh, I'm from Arkansas. You know, I'm from Texas or whatever. So yeah, I mean, so yeah, they're from all over. They, they came here, they come, you know, the most famous one I did with was with James Church. He, he had tattoos on his face And he was just an incredible, I just love that interview so much. I think it was like, I spent like an hour, hour and a half with him just holding my iPhone up to him while he's talking.


But he was the one who was like, you know, if I'm being honest, you know, they pay people to be homeless here. And I was like, I was like, what do you, what do you mean by that? You know? And he is like, well he's like, I get 650 bucks a month, you know, in cash welfare to, to be homeless here, plus a couple of hundred bucks more in food stamps. It's a great deal. And he was like, I got Netflix on my phone. I watch Amazon. You know, I watch Amazon Prime TV on my phone. You know, I still electricity from the, from the, the, the light pole right here. That video, I will say is very satisfying. I do think that played a pretty big role in the voters of San Francisco voting to get rid of cash welfare for homeless people.


Make 2025, the year you check life insurance off your list to protect your family's future with policy genius. It is hard to find life insurance. It's a hassle. Who wants to think about it? Policy genius makes it super easy. And when you do that, you ensure that your loved ones have a safety net to cover all the debts or expenses should something happen to you. And things do happen when You don't expect them to. So with PolicyGenius, it's really easy. You find life insurance policies that start at just $292 per year for a million dollars of coverage. Some options are a hundred percent online, and you don't even need unnecessary medical exams, which is another hurdle to go through to get life insurance. You don't wanna sit through that stuff. They've got license support teams to help you get what you need fast so You can get on with your life and check life insurance off the list. They answer questions, they handle paperwork. They advocate for you throughout the process. They make it super easy. Life insurance is a form of financial planning. Obviously PolicyGenius is the country's leading online insurance marketplace. Even if you already have life insurance through work, it may not protect your family in the way you want them to be protected. If something were to happen to you, PolicyGenius can fix that. So head to policygenius.com/tucker or click the link in the description to get your life insurance quotes for free and see how much you could save.


But why did it, I know I, I've asked you this before, but why did it fall to you to do that? It's, well, it's because, well, we know why. I mean, because it's because you Weren't a reporter. You weren't working for a newspaper or a TV station. No, I mean, look, it's, I, for me, this is The Golden Age of Journalism. It is so much fun. Like I'm, 'cause like, basically I can go into every story and you discover that people aren't really doing reporting at all. You know, I, I showed up at the guy, I showed up at the house that the guy lived and the guy that assaulted Nancy Pelosi's husband. Yes. Just to give you a sense of where journalism is at. And I show up and I'm like, I'm just happy to be there. And there's all these journalists there. It's like a bunch of like local TV news and like the local print, whatever.


And I was like, I just kinda was like, oh, hey, what's it going on? He Lived out in Berkeley, right? Yeah, he was in Berkeley. Yeah. Yep. Black Lives Matter flag in front. Yeah. Yeah. You know, you know, abandoned school bus. They were really, it was really terrible environment, but, and I was like, oh. I was like, have you? So I was like, have you guys already? I was kinda like, worried. I was like, oh, I got here late. And I was like, so you guys already like knocked on all the doors to the neighbors? And they were just like, looked at me And they were like, no, we're like, not. We're, I can't remember. One of 'em said, he was like, oh, we don't wanna be like rude or something, or that would be like, inappropriate. I was like, I was like, and that moment I was like, oh, oh God, this is gonna be great. And I just like went and knocked on all the doors and like, he had all the information, like, oh yeah. They went around naked out there And they would be on drugs all the time.


And yeah, they were like all left wing and it was like black, you know, I was like, oh, this is amazing. Like, there's no competition. Like it's, you know, I got on the, I got on the White House briefing just recently, the White House briefing on UAPs, which you and I are both interested in on the drones. And it was just like, You can kind of go into these stories. You just start talking to people and you just realize journalists aren't really, they're not really journalists. They're more like kind of the people that would run for like class president Yes. Or something. They're kind of goody two-shoes types. Trash kissers. Yes. Yeah. They're actually very author. I mean, they were the ones that wanted all the censorship, of course. So they're not that, that old picture of journalists, like this kind of cantankerous and like, you know, crabby and, And they got rid of all those people.


Anti-authoritarian. Anti-authoritarian. Yeah. Difficult people. I'm the son of one of those. Yeah, that's, yeah. I grew up around this. Yeah. Classic. Right? That's like the greatest, I mean, there's like, and you realize it's essential to the functioning of civilization Yes. To have a bunch of disagreeable people running around asking impertinent questions. Exactly. So with this one, it was like, yeah. So I mean, you basically get, like, when you just look at the coverage of the fires, I mean, it was like the, the me the reporters that are going out and doing it, it's like their whole thing is like, oh, we've gotta make sure that the right wing doesn't take advantage of this situation to push their, like, literally that's how they think about it. So they're out there running cover for the pol. I mean, it's amazing, you know, somebody did like a little meme on it, but it's like that thing where it's like, yeah, it used to be that the reporter would like be holding the microphone up to the politicians and being like, answer my questions.


Exactly. And now they're like demanding that the people defend themselves for their terrible votes. You know, it's like a complete reversal. It's so True. Well then the pretorian guard for the powerful Of course. Yeah. Yeah. Sue. But one of the things I learned from your interviews with the homeless, which I, I just could not recommend strongly enough as a primary source of information, actual information is the degree to which the narcotics fuel homelessness. So you can't really disaggregate homelessness from drug addiction. No, of course. I mean, it's really, I mean, if you Say of course, But like No, I know. Well, no, I know I wrote San Francisco because it was literally like, 'cause I knew drugs. Like I, you know, me too. I know drugs, you know, I made three friends from high school. I became homeless addicts.


Two are dead. It's like, you know, I'm, you know, I happily avoided personally all the hard ones. But you saw your friends, like, you know, you'd leave you, wow, you guys are, I have the same experie Doing meth. You know, it's like, that's bad guys. What, what town did you go to high school in? G Greeley, Colorado. Yep. You know, so, you know, my parents were psychologists. I remember just being around my, my aunt had schizophrenia. You know, I've told the story a long time, so I don't wanna bore you, but basically it was like, it was just kinda like, so wait, everyone just thinks that this is like a housing problem. Like, that's just crazy. So, you know, you sort of needed to, I needed to go do all those interviews, but I mean, really the first homelessness epidemic, the first time that where modern homelessness was in the early eighties, and it was just a, it was basically all it was, was a combination of the emptying, the final closure of all the mental hospitals.


Right. Where they literally, literally dumped people on the streets. Like, I thought that that was, that sounded like an exaggeration when I first started. They literally were putting, you know, schizophrenics and stuff on the streets and then the crack epidemic. Yes. Like that's all it was. It was just those two things. And then of course, then, you know, left wing mayor of San Francisco and others are like, oh, well we can't, like, we can't like require that people not camp outside. They're poor. The left in reaction to Reagan then took up homelessness as a, as something that they claimed was caused by Reagan. Like, I mean, he'd been in office for like, whatever, two or three years, And they would just make ridiculous claim, you know, the Reagan budget, you know, that's why Ray's on the street. Yeah. So it really gets used. So it becomes viewed by the left early on as a political propaganda tool.


I also blame the comics, by the way. I mean, and just, I'll name 'em, Robin Williams, Billy Crystal, Whoopi Goldberg. They did this whole thing. You may remember comic relief. Yeah. Where they framed the whole thing as a po as a problem of poverty, which is just, you know, it's just, it's just such a disservice to the people on the street who need an intervention. Right. There's a natural, like when for addicts, there's a, there's a natural progression where you, you, you know, whether from trauma or just because you enjoyed getting high, you, your addiction gets in the way of your job and you stop going to work. And you often, you know, live at home with your parents or with friends. You lie steal and cheat from them repeatedly.


They give you multiple warnings, they finally kick you out. That's often the route to homelessness. You end up on the street. That's the moment where the society, the parent, the family and friends were not able to impose an intervention. So the way it should work is that you end up, you go out camp on the street and the cop goes, Hey, you can't camp here. It's, it's illegal to camp here. Exactly. And they go, what am I supposed to do? And they're like, well, we're gonna take you to jail, or You can go to rehab. Like, those are your two choices. Choices. Yeah. Two choices. A natural intervention is imposed in that situation. What progressives and Democrats did for 40 years is they just removed the intervention in the name of compassion. The most compassionate, I think is deposing intervention.


I mean, the thing that's most common, I'll even find this with like harm reduction workers. I was just with some harm reduction workers in, in Skid Row. And, and one of them was telling me the whole usual thing, oh, you can't make somebody get clean. They have to hit their own bottom. Like whatever. And I was like, And they were like, I used to run around here, you know, on, on meth. It was a, an Asian American woman who was doing this. And I was like, I was like, oh, wow. I was like, what did it finally take you for you to get clean? She's like, well, I went to prison. Yeah. You know, it's like, well, right. So, so I have A really close friend who had, who's lived that same trajectory. I have a couple friends, but a very, I have a legit close friend who's totally outta control on drugs and lost kids and all the things that happen when you're addicted and got sober in prison and rebuilt a life, A wonderful life.


Yes. But yeah. No, and they're like The best, by the way, the recovering addicts are like the greatest people. I mean, they're the favorite. They're my favorite people. They're the funniest, most honest. Yes. People, they have an equanimity about them. I go to AA meetings when I can not, because I'm in danger of partying. Again, I'm not after 22 years, but because I like the people, because they're so honest And they, they're honest about the one thing no one's ever honest about, which is themselves. It's super easy to be honest about you. I don't like your sweater, Mike. That's disgusting. Like, that's not hard. You've gained weight. That's not hard. Yeah. I've gained weight. I'm wearing an ugly sweater. Those are hard. Yeah. And you find among those people, the recovered people, like a true honesty about themselves.


It's Right. It's like the greatest church service there is. Right. Because they're all born again in an important sense. A hundred percent. They've died a hundred. Yeah. No, I, so that's the But To deprive people of that Yes. And to encourage them to continue to use drugs and alcohol is like, I mean, don't even, I mean, whatever, it's an interview of you, not me. But I just feel like, like sobriety has to be the goal, not just for the individual, but for the society. Yeah. I really believe that. So sobriety is the greatest gift. A b use of drugs and alcohol causes mental illness, which nobody ever says out loud. Right. I've seen it to some extent, experienced it. I know You can cause severe mental illness Oh, sure.


By using drugs and alcohol, like, right. Is that even controversial? Shouldn't be. No. But that's, I mean, you've done more on this than I have much more, but It's sort of coming back a little bit. People talk about meth induced psychosis now. Yes. More. But yeah. It's, it's really, It's weed induced Psychosis. Oh, yeah. And the weed now, it's just so potent and dangerous and Yeah. Ugh. So, but you as a someone who still lives in California, does anybody, do you ever hear people say that? Like, why are we paying people to use drugs? Like, should it surprise us that things are falling apart before? I mean, I do think, I do think that the, the conversation has changed a bit. I'll take some credit for it. With San Francisco and the videos in particular. Yes. But yeah, it's just still that thing where it's like, they kind of go, but yeah.


But there's a black woman running for mayor and it just, it's like the singularity. It's like when I always say that, yes. It's like this just, it's just hovering over people. And of course, it's The race thing. Yeah. It's really, it's really about race in a, in a really important sense. I know. And then the guilt, it's Like the dealers are all immigrants from Central America. We can't do anything about it. Right. No sanctuary state, sanctuary city. That's part of what they're gonna sue on. Yeah. I mean, I think that it's just, yeah, it's a big trap. I mean, I think that it's funny because, you know, we're a guilt culture and so, you know, like, you know, Japan's a shame culture. Yes. And, you know, guilt is this incredibly important part of the Christian tradition.


Yes. Well, you stop believing in original sin, and you stop believing in Christianity, you still, apparently, there's still this deep desire to feel that guilt and to sort of show it as well. In other words, there's a social part of it people wanted to see in that focus. They wanted other people to see in that focus group that they, they felt guilty, you know? It was very important to social. Well, what's interesting is, so in, you know, traditional Christianity, other religions, you know, the guilty person, a repent theones, Don's ashes sackcloth and covers himself in ashes. Right. As a way of saying, you know, I am worthy of the degradation. Yes. But we've kind of transferred that.


It's almost like the homeless are in sackcloth and ashes. Do you know what I mean? Like, I live in the Palisades, I produce music videos. Yeah. I'm doing pretty well, but I still feel guilt. So, but like seeing somebody like, you know, riding on the sidewalk, I'm like displacing my atonement on Him. Wow. That's really interesting. Yeah, he's well then, And they talk about it that way. You know, when you talk to the activists that justify it, they're like, well, that's a, you know, those people are, are suffering because of capitalism. Exactly. And, you know, slavery and white, But the whole point of Christianity, no, no. You suffer, you Right. Like, confess your sin. You don't like put it off on some junkie. Right. Well, it's the part of it that's just really satanic. I mean, not to be theological about it, but it's a complete reversal of the traditional Christian process.


It's just Yeah. It's exactly. It's making other people Aone for your sins. Yeah. It's, it's crazy. It's unbelievable. It's so bad. And they're sort of on display, you know, it's the, it's the, it's really, if you kind of read it, I mean, it's like, it's like a, it's like they, they, they want to, they want it to be on display. They wanna sort of show it, and that's why they insist that they not be arrested or, or, or mandated treatment. It's wild. It is like her, you know, like you go to Skid Row and it's still like a MOUs SP is a Bosch painting. Yes. You know, it's just like, you just can't, you still can't believe it. I mean, you still can't believe there's a person lying there, you know, sweating profusely passed out.


You can't tell if they're alive or dead. You don't know. Like, do I do an intervention? And it's just, it's, its really breaking down, but it's a human being. These are human beings. You Know? I don't, that's, and I'm not a particularly compassionate or a kind person. I'm kind of a dick actually. But even high, like, whenever I see that it's not true, I feel such deep sadness for the person. It's like heartbreaking. Like, of course, don't allow, if that was my child, would I allow it? Not for one second, I would take that child and chain him to the fucking radiator until he got better. I would not allow that. My child wouldn't. It's a healthy response, by the way. Absolutely. It is. Absolutely is. Those are the people that end up getting off the street. You, you raise the bottom instead of lowering the bottom.


If You're still using Verizon, at and t or T-Mobile, obviously our condolences, but you're gonna want to hear this. Our cell phone company, pure Talk, gives us the exact same service you're currently getting from those big companies. But for half the cost, not a joke. There's no reason to spend 85 or a hundred dollars per month per person on your wireless bill. Now, when You can get unlimited talk text and 15 gigs of data with mobile hotspots for just 35 bucks a month. You don't have to be a math major. The average family of four saves about a thousand dollars a year with Pure Talk. You enjoy America's Most Dependable 5G network support small businesses. We would know that because they are now powering TCN, it can probably save you money too. So cut the fat out of your wireless bill, switch to Pure Talk by going to pure talk.com/tucker. You'll save an additional 50% off your first month. Pure Talk. America's wireless company.


God, we're so far afield from the top, so, okay, so there are in LA County, 78, how many fire departments? Well, there's 88 cities. 80 and there's 29 fire departments and county In the county. No, no, no, that's fine. But yeah, so like, literally like, once the fire starts, the, literally, I didn't even understand this until I started investigating it. The county fire chief has to call all these cities and be like, Hey, can you send a couple of trucks? We're putting together a strike team. You know, can you send some engines or whatever. And they have to call around And they're like, okay, we're all gonna meet, you know, the fire's like blazing away. And they're like, okay, well we're all gonna meet, you know, wherever, you know, Sepulveda or whatever the streets are in, in la you know, we'll meet in this place and we'll all get together and we'll sync the radios and we'll develop a plan.


I mean, this is all happening. Like, while the city's burning, I mean, it's in is madness. Right? The other thing is that it's, I mean, there's like, So they didn't lay have any preparation for this. There's nothing, man. I mean, there might have been something that I, that we, but obviously if there was, it wasn't enough. Right? I mean, it's a little bit like when they go, when the people that are like the, when the nihilists are defending what happened, they're like, well, there was nothing else we could have done. Or we did everything we could have. It's like, well, no, obviously you didn't, like it doesn't matter what it is. It obviously was agree. There's one right answer, which is that you didn't do enough. You know, the, the, the fatalism, you know? Yes. It's a, it's a way to disavow responsibility.


On the one hand, again, I think it expresses that nihilism, but I think it's like people just have been outta practice. But you have to, this is part of the journalism too, you know, it's that you kind of, it has to be like, no, no, we're, we're not accepting that as an answer. Like you, the, the right attitude for the journalist is to basically be no excuses. Of course. It makes for like, I mean, maybe the journalists are being too much of a hard ass and too much of a dick about it. Maybe they need to be a little bit, whatever. That's fine. That's their role. It's like, your role is to be the prosecutor against the, the on, on the case of the failure. Of course, your to be the investigator. Of course, you're a public defender. Yeah. The public, the public defender or the prosecutor, or the po you know, but your point is to be like, oh, no, that, that can't be right.


So, 'cause when they go, well, we ran outta water. Well, why'd you run out of water? Well, there wasn't enough water. No. Well, why wasn't it? Well, 'cause actually you're not, one of the reservoirs didn't have any water, isn't It your job to make sure there's enough water? You know, I mean, and this is what they do when they go after Trump and stuff. Is that like, 'cause Trump will often be like, directionally correct. Right. You know, like, oh, but Trump was referring to the wrong kind of reservoir. You know, the other reservoirs were full. Right. It's like, okay, fine, but the reservoir right next to the Pacific Palisades was empty. So, you know, his basic, the basic intuition, which is I think a, I often talk about the importance of, you know, like if you're defending civilization, it's a physical thing, right? So is I'm always thinking to myself as like, like, there's a physicalism in my worldview.


I agree. I Agree. Which is like Totally agree. Okay. That's a, that's a person, that's a body. You, you need to, they need to, they're in somewhere. They shouldn't be. They need to be somewhere else. So we can have a debate about how to move them somewhere else. That's a totally reasonable debate to have. But they can't be there. They can't be there because they're creating fires. They're breaking the law, they're hurting themselves. And others. Similarly, there's, there wasn't water there. There needed to be more water. And if you go, okay, well all, we actually, let's say, let's say that they had all the reservoirs, the, the potable water reservoirs. Let's say they had all been full and they'd still run outta water. Well then there was some other problem you needed to solve. You, maybe you needed more reservoirs, or maybe you needed Right. You know, you needed the preparation there. So you just have to have, I mean, you know, the bou Kelly type that we, that you'd wanna see, or somebody, you just have to touch somebody that's just like, literally You can no excuses all the way down the line.


But when You say there's a, i I feel like you're on something super important. If you could flesh it out, you say there's a physicalism to your worldview. Yeah. Contrast that with the worldview currently in power. Oh, well this is, yeah, this is exactly, it's like, it's this, first of all, it's like, I mean, it's just so symbolic. It's the city of angels. Right. You know, so it's like we're up here and you want like the wealthier you get in LA and I guess with some exceptions like Venice Beach, but mostly you're, you're getting up higher. You Oh yeah. You're moving up, up, up, up, up. You're trying to get away from The cliffs of Malibu. Yeah. And you end up in the heavens. And people talk about, I live in a little tree house. I mean, I get it. I love it. It's like I live in the Berkeley Hills. I'm not like, you know, but it's like I'm, you know, I'm above all that. I'm away from all that.


Like, I'm connected to nature up here, but also, you know, away from all the, you know, the plebes. And so you actually, I think they do. It's that whole thing. We talk, talk about people being in a bubble. You know? I mean, it's like the most bubbly place in the world, except for that it's not. And you're in a massive fire zone that must be constantly managed. There's consequences of living in these spectacular places. Yeah. But you've got people that are, it's there. It's the, the whole industry is a fantasy industry. I mean, it's just exists to construct a fantasy reality. And Yeah. You would hope that, that people would be able to compartmentalize. Yeah. My day job is constructing fantasies that we charge, you know, $20 to stream.


But I know that when I go home that like, all the brush has to be cleared around my house and I have to vote for candidates that are ISTs. I mean, look at physicists. Yeah. I mean, I don't, I mean, I don't know if that's the right word. I just feel like what're there's something there. There're they're onto something So important. It's as they're fantasists. I mean, the other people, I mean, I, I don't wanna use the word idealist 'cause there's too many other connotations to it, but there's just, it's just a difference between being your head's, your head's up in the clouds, and also, and then as opposed to just being really, you need the firefighter view of the world. Right. You need The cop View of the world. Fr frankly, you need the homeless guys. The homeless people, like live in a, I mean, they're high a lot, so they're switching in and out, but they have to get their physical needs met.


You know, there's just a, yeah. So it's, when We first had kids, I remember my wife being, and I had much lower standards, but insistent on the house being clean and orderly. And I remember saying like, it doesn't, you know, the point of having kids is to instill values in them. She goes, yeah, but one of the values is like ordering cleanliness and like Right. They will feel like things are out of control if the house isn't clean and orderly. And she's really insistent on that. And we've lived that way our whole lives. And I, it it's a version of what you're saying. It's like, You can tell your kids about honesty and decency and compassion and high achievement or whatever, but like, someone has to make the bed and vacuum the floor. And if there's dog shit in the kitchen, like it has to be cleaned up.


Right. Like that's, she understood that Right. And has imposed it to great effect, I would Say. I'm sure. No, I think that's right. And also, like parent, we all, I did it too, so I'm not like judging, but like, we talk too much to the kids. Talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, talk, talk. And you see like new parents doing, talking to their kid, and the kid's like what, it's like the peanuts is right. Like the whole wa what they hear is the Ws. So true. As opposed to like, could you, could you set the table? Right. You know, could you, you know, like the kids, like, I mean, we, they kids like to have a job. Yes. They wanna have a chore. Chores are super, like kids love that. You know? And so you, you know, and you're, you're teaching their kids should clean the classroom every morning.


Yes. I mean, the problem is the specialization and the wealth, they sort of get disconnected from it. They talk Too much to the kids. Do you know what I mean though? Yeah. That's Why I'm laughing, I guess. And dogs too. People do with their dogs. You ever see people with like the, like, you know, whatever. I live in the Berkeley Hills. It's like, you know, older ladies And they dogs and the, you know, and they're just like sitting there, blah, blah, blah, blah. The dogs, it's like, well, you're not holding the leash tight up lady. You know, you rewarded the dog when you did something bad. You should have rewarded it when it came to you. Anyway. It's, so all these things break down all these norms. It's so deep and true. Yeah. You just Said you're a physicalist. I, I want that to become a, I want intercom usage. 'cause I think it's, that is like really, really important.


Yeah. I think it, because it's like, people will say things like practical, which is good and pragmatic, but some pragmatic started to mean things like making shitty political compromises. Do you know what I mean? Or it's an American linguistic tradition or a philosophical tradition. But yeah, physicalist, it's like, yeah, somebody's gotta clean up all the, you know, if you have all the homeless people, you're gonna have to spend millions of dollars on cleaning up crap. Right. All the time. And, you know, the, the homeless, one of the things you probably have observed is that I think it's a, like, probably a compensating mechanism, but they're just, they're obsessed with collecting tons and tons of garbage, basically. Yes. Yes. So they'll, you know, you'll clean up these homeless encampments and you'll be like, oh wow. Like, They're not minimalists. No, no.


They're not living the zen lifestyle Banging s in life. Right. It's like very Much. No, no. It's very cluttered. Yes. You know, and so they're probably over, but, so yeah. I mean, they need, you need to, we need to reimpose some limits. You know, there's a, I'm also, I just became really obsessed with the scholar I just discovered who wrote a trilogy on nationalism named Leah Greenfeld. Highly recommend her books. Her first book is called Nationalism. Second book is called Spirit of Capitalism. And the third book is called Mind Madness and Modernity. And these books are just incredible. But basically, Lee, LEA, It's actually LIAH and then Greenfeld common Spelling.


Yeah. L-I-A-H-L-I-A-H. Yeah. She's a Russian, I think she's a Russian Jew who went to Israel, lived in Israel for a long time. And then her, and then her, and then her mentor was Edward Shills, the sociologist. Yeah. So she's a sociologist. But the nationalism book is beautiful. I mean, it's like the, the, the famous book on nationalism is a guy by, is called Imaginary Communities by Benedict Anderson. And it's, he's a Marxist. And so it's all, the whole thing is like him trying to explain how nationalism, why it's so powerful when Marxx thought it should wither away. And, but she describes Nat, so she defines nationalism. The picture that people have of nationalism is completely wrong. Yes. She describes nationalism as a sovereign community of fundamentally equal individuals who have a shared identity.


And so she's like, nationalism is fundamentally democratic. Now you might have some systems that are nationalist, but they don't have proper democracy. But really the basic idea is that egalitarian idea that we're Americans. We live here, we have the same solidarity. I've also was, I've also become, I'll come back to the Greenfeld, but I've also been obsessed with ha Orant, who I had never read until recently. And she coins out. I don't think you're allowed to read her anymore. Well, I know. Well, she was canceled. I know. I discovered she was canceled. Hunter. I love hunter rent. So I, but I didn't realize, just like Freud h who was also a huge figure in my childhood. Yeah. I mean, everyone talked about Freud alluded to Freud, and then he just kind of disappeared one day. And Hannah Rent, same thing.


Oh yeah. Totally canceled. But, but it's, there's a reason. But there's brilliant reason. Yeah. She's too honest. Well, yeah, yeah. She was very, well it's, it's really in, there's, I read her two books. One is the On Authoritarianism book, and the other one is Eiman in Jerusalem. Oh, Eichman in Jerusalem is hard. It's rough. 'cause she describes how the Jewish Council, it's Rough Participating. Oh, I know. In the Nazis. I mean, that was what was really controversial. But what, what, what really blew me away from reading Hana Orant. 'cause I was coming to the nationalism conversation. I mean, I should I self confession. 'cause I should have been reading nationalism starting in 2016. Oh, I know. But, but you know, I finally was reading on it and it was like, she was like, nationalism is a barrier to totalitarianism.


Of course. Because totalitarianism is is attempting to destroy all relationships between people other than the relationship with the stakes. Exactly. And so, so religion, nationalism, you know, you know, the classic de Tocqueville associative ties. Exactly. You know, all of that is a threat. The little Platos totalitarianism. Yeah. And so that really struck me. And, and Leah Greenfield kind of, she has a, I just interviewed her, so she has like a difference of opinion with, with a rent on this issue. But, but nonetheless, I was just struck by how, I don't know what the right, I, I must like, like for me, like nationalism. 'cause I come from the left, you know? Yeah. From the radical left. And we would, we would code our socialist yearnings as the public interest.


Yes, of course. You know, Ralph Nader kind of took all of the Chomsky and left wing views of the early sixties and packaged them for moderate. He kind of made it all seem very reasonable, you know, and the environmentalist did the same thing. So, so the brilliance of the left in general, but the radical left in particular was of just cross-dressing as mainstream issues. Exactly. So, so, so it became, so really what is the socialist movement became a consumer rights. Exactly. Public interest. The women's rights movement. Yep. And you get these really radical ideologies. I mean, I'm just obsessed with this, the ways in which, like, so Marxism look back on it, I was like, wow, I can't believe the things I believed in.


Marxism has this idea that the capitalists, like, what's distinct about them is that they're just super greedy and they're thieves and that they're stealing from their workers. And there's really no difference between the entrepreneur, the capitalist entrepreneur like Elon Musk or Thomas Edison or Henry Ford. And they workers, they're just meaner And they steal from them. And it's like, it's just an amazingly audacious lie. Because whenever you go and actually study an entrepreneur, what's incredible is that it's not just that they are doing, it's not like they're The best at what they're doing. They're The best at like 12 different things. Exactly. You may remember when, when Trump and Elon were beginning their bromance, Trump goes, He goes, you know, I asked Elon, I was like, I was like, what is that you're really good at?


You know, You can see it was like probably a question that Trump is used to asking people that he interviews for a job or something. Yes. And He goes, turned out it was a lot of different things, you know? And it's like, well, yeah. Like, I mean, 'cause of course, like with Thomas Edison told, oh, we invented the light bulb. He didn't invent the light bulb. He improved it. He invented a viable economic model for electricity production. I mean, he invented the electrical grid. He found the customers. I mean, one of the things that that impresses me so much with, with Elon is like, I'll see him, you'll see him out there And he will be selling, you know, which is kind of, I mean, selling is sort of the worst part of our jobs in some ways. I mean, You can do it with pleasure and You can do it with verve and stuff, but, but you know, you're kinda like, and I do it, I mean, I'm always like, subscribe now.


You know? Yeah. And, and you're like, you have to do it like it's part of the work. But I'm always like, wow, Elon is still, he's the richest man in the world. He's probably, he may be the greatest innovator in American history, certainly top three. And he's still out there having to haw his products. And, but, And he does a great, he's an amazing job of it. Like, he, he, one of the innovations was, you know, he just be, become the biggest user of Twitter rather than buying paid ads. But, so this gigantic lie from Marx, which is that the, the first of all the entrepreneur, the capitalist is, is just a meaner version of the worker as opposed to this gen, you know, this chut genius. Yes. And Schutter comes along.


And then his, the other thing, the other big lie, and then trumpeter points it out, is that the owner of the company and the workers have the same fundamental interest. In other words, Elon Musk's employees and Elon have the same interests. Of course. They want to expand their markets, they wanna expand their products of course. So to put them opposed is just so, it's just, it's so dishonest and it's so reminiscent of, of what You can say, feminism or radical feminism. But this idea that the interests of women are opposed by men, that the, that women and men have different interests. And of course you trace it back and it goes, it all goes back to Simon De Bois, of course, who's a Marxist writing in the post-war period.


I guess it was, was like the forties her book came out, the second sex. Yes. But she's just taking this totally idiotic Marxist framework and, and applying it to women and men. Well, it's the biggest Lie. 'cause I mean, it ignores the very obvious symbiosis. It's just, it's, it's not possible for them to exist apart. And it's not possible to re to continue the species. It's like so dumb that they, they need each other. That actually power is exerted in very subtle but powerful ways within a relationship between a man and a woman that are not at all described or even acknowledged. Right. It's The basis of life itself. Of course. So it is like really you trace back like the emergence of nihilism. It really is in Marxism, it's in feminism.


And then they successfully cross dress for, for decades. And they get so good at it. This is the famous long Mars through Yes. Institutions, or what they call cultural Marxism. But they basically dress themselves up as, I mean, civil, you know, basically civil rights. I mean, 'cause once you get equal rights, the work is done. Same thing with gays and lesbians. Right. But then the radical left activists then go and grab all those trappings. 'cause we started the conversation, this may seem like a digression, but it's important I think for Normies and everybody to understand that, I mean, this, it dawned it took a long time for me to get it. But it was like all, oh, right. Like the people that call themselves environmentalists are actually just radical leftists slightly different from Marx because they're actually into Malthus.


Right. This totally dystopian anti-human view. But the genius of the left is that they are so successful at masking their real agenda behind something else. You know, we just want equality for people of color. We just wanna create equal opportunity for migrants. No. Their agenda is the destruction of civilization. I know, I know. And you see I on the environmental And it's working in LA Well, It is, it is working. And I always thought on the environmental movement, there was a woman called Julia Butterfly Hills. Oh yeah. Spent more than a year in a redwood. And you know, I always thought, you know, if you were sincere about environmentalism, like she would be like, whatever happened to her, nobody knows.


And that was to, to your point about physicalism, like, I like redwoods and like if there's a reason to cut the mountain, okay. But like, maybe don't because they're just so beautiful. That, that's my personal view. I always have felt that way. So like, here was someone who was, she saved a tree. That's gotta be the highest level of what they claim they're trying to do. But they totally ignored her. They don't give a shit about her at all. She died in a tree, probably better for them. What they really wanted to do was disconnect people from nature. It was the opposite. Right. So why is it that every single person I know who really spends a lot of time outdoors, who's into, you know, the sporting life or whatever, lives in a rural area. Man, their goals are the opposite of those of the environmental defense fund.


Right. And the Sierra Club. Right. Do you know what I mean? Well, And also, and also I think the physicalist distinction works on that as well. I mean, here you have, I did an interview with a terrific, this the scientist I mentioned, and he's just like, you know, when you're like dealing with fires, the main event is what is happening on the ground. Exactly. And they're, and the climate extremists are out there basically saying, no, no, no, ignore, ignore this whole physical reality. Yes. We just need to reorganize the entire global economy. Exactly. Exactly. Like, we can't stop these fires, let Malibu burn, but give us control over the, the, the driver of the economy. I mean, it's such madness. Exactly. And it's the opposite. And they don't care.


I mean, what, what's the pollution generated by these fires? Oh, It's, oh, it's so much. I mean, it's, I can't, I don't know the numbers off the top of my head, but it's massive now. I mean, I will say. And dangerous, right? Well, yeah. I mean, oh my gosh. The air in LA now. I mean, it is. My daughter's at in college there. I'm worried about her. I mean, it is absolutely toxic air. I mean, of course it is. You know, and you have a lot of electric cars and you have a lot of batteries going up. We don't know what that stuff is putting out in terms of particulate matter. So, no, it's awful. I mean, you know, ostensibly you'll get, you know, tree growth and the carbon will be, you know, reabsorbed and those supposed will be reabsorbed. But Yeah, no, I mean it's, I'm Not talking about carbon. I mean like Yeah. Poison in the air and water. Oh, for sure. I mean, all the, I think of all the, all the, all the houses with all the plastic that I burn, it's terrible.


No, for sure. I mean, yeah, we, it's chance to get re-grounded. I think a chance to, I mean, you know, it is also an interesting moment, right? Because Hollywood, it's just producing garbage. It is just, it is incredible how bad the cultural production is just at a straight, like, even if you're someone that just loves pop culture. Yeah. Like, who just loves Steven Spielberg. We're not getting that level of quality. I mean, we tried to watch something on Netflix. It's just, it's just awful. And it's because they're all trying to fit it in artistry and creativity is transgressive. It's supposed to be, oh, of course it's supposed to be break. I mean, that's actually where you want your, I want my transgression in my art. Yes. Not in my civilization.


I want a really boring civilization and really transgressive art. But it's become the opposite. The art has become boring and conformist and authoritarian, and the civilization has gotten completely transgressive. So people are not where they need to be. The laws are not being enforced. So, I mean, part of you go, God, I, I do hope it is a wake up call. And that it was Five years ago this month that people started to drop dead in the central Chinese city of Wuhan. Five years since the beginning of Covid, tens of millions dead societies, reordered completely economies destroyed. And yet for some reason, we still don't know answers to the most basic questions. Where did this virus come from?


How did it get here? Why did the government tell us to do things they knew wouldn't work? None of those questions have been adequately answered. And one man knows those answers. His name is Dr. Tony Fauci. Until now, nobody has really pressed, and now a documentary filmmaker called Jennifer First is out with a new film explaining exactly what happened. The film was called Thank You, Dr. Fauci. Jennifer first spent years trying to get answers. And in that time, as he awaited Dr. Fauci response, he went through tens of thousands of pages of documents and pieced together the story, which is shocking. We are proud to host that documentary here on TCN from December 20th to January 19th. You will see it exclusively here on TCN again, it's called Thank you Dr.


Fauci. And it's worth it. So what, speaking of the laws not being enforced, tell us what you know about looting. Oh, I mean, it's, that's kind of the standard. That's the, that's like the norm in Los Angeles, isn't it? I mean, Even when there's not a fire burning. No, Of course. It's terrible. I mean, You don obviously they just arrested. Like they had, I guess they had a couple of guy And they, they found a couple of guys looting Kamala's house, and then they let them go.


Of course, of course. They got the guy, they found the guy that set one of the fires, the homeless guy that set one of the fires And they let him go. I mean, it is, it's amazing. I mean, the comedians like all their best materials just, you know, in the news already. So How could they let you're, you're stealing from people in the middle of a, of a profound disaster. The city's burning down and you're stealing, people are dying and you're stealing, aren't you? You're like a true villain, I think. Oh yeah, for sure. And then, and then they let them go. And then that became widely publicized. Well, guess what? You know, this is the thing that people have to understand. You know, criminals, you know, they read the news. Like criminals are very online. It's not like criminals don't know Right.


What's going on. I mean, we have these amazing, there's these amazing, like, I think it was like phone calls between people in the Oakland jails And they friends, and they're like, basically Auntie Pam, the name of the da, they're like, the Auntie Pam's gonna make sure we, you know, get off. You know, And they all know where the, the laws are not being enforced. Go, what's their Job to Follow it? Of course, yeah. They're rational actors, you know, the irrational ones or the rest of us, the the ones trying to, you know, live there. So If you're Gavin Newsom or Karen Bass, like you're all in on the climate change explanation. Right? That's, that's all you got at This point. I mean, they did, I think they are backing off a little bit from it. I think that they're in a, they're a little trapped, which is great.


Which is that on the one hand, they, they, they can't accept responsibility. Yeah. Because they know that if they accept responsibility, then it's just then, then their, their political futures are doomed. On the other hand, by not accepting responsibility and passing the buck, that also becomes obvious to people. So, you know, they should all go. I mean, remember like, you know, new Orleans, like that mayor was out of there. I mean like Ray was there for That. Yeah. So that should be what happens. But New Orleans has that just accelerated the decline of the city. Yeah. I mean it's, I was there for Katrina. I covered that. And I thought at the time, 20 years, I guess it was 20 years ago.


Wow. Incredibly 2005. I thought, well, you know, it's obviously tragic, but Bush is sending over a billion dollars to rebuild it. I'm sure the city will be better. And it's been much worse ever since. Oof. That's depressing. But LA is not New Orleans. That's our second biggest city. It's the, in a lot of ways, the greatest city we've ever built. And in my opinion, and like so what happens to it now? No, Well, there's no vision for it at all. You know, and, and we don't have anybody visionary in there, you know, And they did. I mean, I think car, we had this guy Rick Caruso, as you were mentioning, who ran for mayor. I mean, they, someone found, you know, there is a video of him calling for increasing the fire department budget. I mean, kind of like that. What else do you need to know at this point? Yeah. Can that overcome the I do think that the woke trance was broken.


I mean, Trump broke it. You do? I do for sure. And look at that. I mean, look at the catastrophe that the news media's in and the success that people like you and I are having. And Joe Rogan being the most influential. Yeah. I mean he's like the new Walter Cronkite. Yeah. He's where somebody observing, he's where Mark Zuckerberg goes to confess his sin. Sin. Exactly. So it's a different world. I do have some hope for it. I mean, the, the thing about the United States that's so different from Europe is just that literally they, I find I'm becoming like an old man. 'cause I'm talking about how great the founding fathers were. But, but it's like literally they created this incredible system that I, if you have free speech, if You can, if you, if You can protect your free speech, which we've, I think succeeded in doing, you bake it in, you remind people of its importance.


You then are, I think, gonna be able to self-correct in ways that places that allow higher levels of sensors that are simply not gonna be able to do. I mean, just look at this impact that Elon is having right now. It's incredible. I was on some social media chat group and somebody was like, how come we're all talking about the British grooming gangs? It's like, 'cause Elon decided that that was an issue. The a FD in Germany may end up, you know, be, I mean, I think they're, they're gonna come in at least second Yeah. In the elections next month. 'cause Elon has mainstreamed them. Of course. So I, that gives me a lot of hope. You've got a platform now that is still just the, I mean, we always knew that the media had that agenda setting power.


Yes. But it, it's amazing to sort of see it so dramatically. You only can really see it when it shifts from the mainstream news media. We were, we were writing last summer about how the sovereign in the United States, meaning like the true power center in the United States, was the news media that is now my view, clearly shifted to, to acts. It's just, I think you said something recently, I thought, I think I saw a clip of you saying the same thing. I mean, it's just clear. Like that is where it dominates everything. It's just everything, you know, and like Blue Sky gave it a, they gave it a shot, but nobody can go on there. It's too mad. It's too insane. So I think it can be very, very positive. You know, I always compare acts to, you know, it's like when the printing press was first shows up in the end of the 15th century for like about a hundred years.


The Catholic Church was like, the printing press is great. You know, we can print Bibles and give them out to all the priests. It's very cheap. The Catholic church loved the printing press. And then Martin Luther got ahold of the printing press. Yes. And it was just for the next, you know, five centuries was game over. I mean, The best history of the printing press. She goes back, I think it's a Oxford history. She goes back and just looks at its impact and she comes back and she's just like, you know, a few years of study or whatever. And she's like, oh, we knew it was a big deal, but it was a much bigger deal than we thought. It's not just the Protestant reformation. It is that it's also the scientific revolution. It's the industrial revolution. It's nationalism and it's democracy.


I mean, so you get a huge epic ethical change with this shift of communications technologies and social media. We knew it. I mean, we, you know, Martin Gry famously wrote this book, revolt to the Public about the game changing aspects of social media just on the Arab Spring, you know, which is now 14 years ago. But in some senses it really just didn't get its power until Elon came in, bought it, and held strong against people calling him a racist antisemite. Yes. For two years. I mean, it was just crazy. The li it was like two years of the media just making him out to be the devil incarnate. And he held strong And he ended up breaking the news media. I mean, they're just not getting the traffic.


Well, they're, they're done. They're, It's over. Yeah, It's over. So where does, I mean, so if I, And they couldn't have happened to a worse group of people. They, I spent my whole life among 'em. I can tell you that's absolutely true. And they're, you know, they're terrified. I was, I was watching John Carl, who I, on CBS, who I've known, someone sent me a clip this morning, John Carl, I've known him for over 30 years. Nice guy. You know, reasonable guy. And, and then Trump comes, the business starts to collapse. And he realizes I'm speaking for him, but he realizes, oh shit, you know, I'm a middle-aged white guy. I better go along. And he becomes just this cheerleader for every stupid woke idea. That's awful. Ever awful. It was, you feel sorry for him. He's a nice guy actually. And not a stupid guy.


Someone just sent me a clip of junk Carl, like basically defending Trump. Wow. And, and it's just like, wow. I'm, again, I'm not a, I'm Not a attack. The weather, the, the wind moved. The wind moved. Like, you Know, then you realize that most people just kind of, you know, they, they're easy to Yeah. Easy to control. You just, yeah. Tell 'em what the program is And they go along with it. Well, Yeah. It's Kent Brockman. It's, no, it's, You're totally right. I welcome our new alien overlords. You know what I mean? They're the first, they're the first ones to shift. No, you're right. Right. You're right. Yeah. 'cause they're covering the news. Like they know. They, they, they're the first ones that know when the wins are coming. Principle Plays no role. Most people sort of go along with what they think the marching orders are.


It's amazing. It really reveals, doesn't it? The herd animals. So, Yeah. And did I say CBS? I think he's at a bbc, whatever. Yeah, they're all the same and they're all going away. Yeah. But if your true entrenched power, which does exist, particularly in the Intel agencies, I mean, that's where really resides as far as I can tell. I don't know. It's like pretty threat. You've just lost, there's been a massive movement in power from the news media, which you control. That's a fact. I would say in effect control news media's controlled by the intel agencies fact to something you can't control. So that's a huge loss of power for you. So like, how can you let this continue? Well, yeah, I mean, I, or how can I stop it though? I mean the, I don't know. I'm just feeling a little paranoid right now. No, no, I am too, too.


This is too much freedom. No, I know. No, I totally do too. You're like, where's the, like when's the penny gonna drop, right? Yeah, kind of. Well, yeah. And I also kind of go, are they really gonna disclose all the stuff that they have? I mean, we were going down, we just did a, actually, I don't know if we published it yet, but we are just going down the list of all the, all the files that we want. Exactly. Because, you know, people are like, oh, can we have a Twitter files for the government. And you're like, yes. So what? I mean, there's so much in there, right? There's the Russiagate, you know, the Russia, occlusion hooks, COVID origins, COVID Vaccines, hunter Biden laptop. Yeah. I mean, I'm assuming there's just a bunch of stuff on Russia, Ukraine. Yeah. That's there. I mean, remember, 'cause they keep leaking. They'd go, they go, there's no bio labs in Ukraine.


They'd be like, well there were some, we were doing some help with the bio Safety. Well, not only are there bio labs in Ukraine, there are a lot of bio labs in Ukraine, which are working on chemical, on biological weapons. That's what they're not there for. Right. Livestock vaccines. Sorry. And you know, the thing that people don't in this country understand is that the Ukrainian military is selling about half of the arms they get from the United States into international black markets. And they're winding up in some cases with the drug cartels. Oh, in Latin America. That's a fact. Okay. It's a fact. And You can, You can buy them. And I spoke to someone who did buy some actually, so I know, I know. This is a fact. And they're bragging about it. So they're selling conventional weapons, including weapon systems that are very dangerous and very destabilizing that would make commercial air travel impossible, for example.


Right. And so what are they doing with the pathogens in those bio labs? And does the Biden administration have a manifest? Do they know exactly what's in those labs and will they turn it over to the Trump administration so we can keep track of these things? And the answer is no. Actually the answer is no. I know this. Wow. So that's like the scariest thing that's ever happened. And, and so like why, you know, like I think the Ukraine war has the potential to destabilize the world more than anything that's happened in my lifetime. Just because of the scale of the weapon systems and biological agents in involved in the most corrupt country in the West, which is Ukraine. I'm not attacking Ukraine.


I feel sorry for Ukraine, but what the hell. Yeah. And so we could use some, we could use a po That's why I'm saying this right now. 'cause I hope this is widely disseminated. 'cause I think it's like the scariest thing I've heard in a long, long time. Hmm. That is scary. But it's all Flowered in secrecy. That's the point. Yeah. The only reason this stuff has happened, like this end of the world stuff has happened is because there's no disclosure at all. Everything is right. Oh, it's so much, much pent up stuff. So much. I mean, we're supposed, yeah, we've the JFK files. The UFO files. UAP files, I'm supposed to say. Yeah. There's so, so much there. So I spoke to someone about the UAP thing. Now we're so far a field, but I do think it's all connected. No, it's all connected though. It's like, none of this stuff happens except in secrecy.


And this, I said, well, stop playing. Like you've been, I've been talking to these people for years now, and the answer was, the public is not ready for this information because it's, you know, it's just too, it's too much. And what, what's your view of that? And this is someone who's pushing disclosure, by the way, this is not I know. I don't know. Yeah. I'm worried that it's bad news. Well, that's the point. It's bad news. Yeah. I'm worried it's bad news. Really bad news. Yeah. Do you think that's true? Well, I don't know. I mean, no, I'm not even saying it. 'cause I don't know if it's true. And it is bad. It's super Bad. I mean, it seems like the dom, it seems like the dominant two theories are now that it's non-human intelligence or that we or our adversaries have mastered anti-gravity technology, the other scenarios of, you know, some kind of new plasma or, you know, it just kind of, the phenomenon doesn't seem to be showing up in that way.


Well, the Core idea seems to be that it's, that there is non-human intelligence. Whether all these manifestations of it are that, or whether they're government programs or Chinese or whatever. I mean, it's probably a pastiche of all of them. But the core idea seems to be that there is non-human intelligence, which is plausible. And that it's been in interaction with the US government for quite some time. And that it plays a role in, in our, In our, what role is it play? I mean, well There are all these things that I, but I don't know if what is true or what's not true. Do you think any of that is true? I know you've done work on this. Yeah. I mean, you know, and I, it is hard. I mean, you know, the, I covered the New Jersey drone situation. I went to Jersey and interviewed a bunch of people.


I mean, the weirdest for me, the weirdest moment is where you have John Kirby, the Defense Department spokesperson at Myorca basically on the same day or the same 48 hours. Just when they were asked about it, they just came out affirmatively. And they were like, well, we're definitely not getting any drones over the military bases or other sensitive sites. And you were like, I was like, why would you lie about that? I couldn't. I couldn't because of course, you know, all else being equal, I think that they don't, people don't wanna lie. Politicians don't wanna lie. 'cause it just creates more work or hassle for them. Complicates your life. Yeah. Complicates your life. Honesty is The best policy. So why would they lie about that? Especially 'cause the Wall Street Journal had, like, they did this huge piece about all of the drone, so-called UN by the way, unidentified, anomalous drone flyovers over the military bases and sensitive sites, which includes nuclear plants.


I mean, I, part of my interest in this was always, you know, I was trying to save Diablo Canyon in California. They kept getting drone flyovers. Also, Palo Verde, which is our biggest nuclear plant, three beautiful reactors there in Arizona. Like a lot of drone flyovers. I'm also from Northeast Colorado, which is where, you know, the ICBMs are a lot of, yes. They had a whole, they had this exact same drone situation, I believe it was December, I wanna say December, 2019. And they had this whole interagency task force. And they were like, they were like, well, we're gonna put a plane up. And they kind of put a plane up and you're watching 'em, you're like, you're like, well, why are they not scrambling jets? Like, what are we, like, what are we doing here? Like, this is really bizarre. It doesn't make any sense.


Doesn't, I can't figure it out. Because I think the other issue is that they may not know. I mean, okay, well, so to finish that story, so then Drone Myers do that. I go out and I'm just like, like, that's the weirdest lie. Because like, it was just, it's been heavily reported. I mean, the drones, I mean the drones over sensitive military basis is really well reported. And some of The best reporting was by a publication called The War Zone, which I highly recommend. Very good, serious investigative reporting. They don't believe it's aliens at all. Like, they're just openly like anti alien. They're like, this is, and I think it's, well anyway, for whatever reason, they're just like, this is Chinese or Russian or whatever. They're not taking it seriously, but they do some of The best reporting.


'cause they're kind of, 'cause they can't figure out why the military's being so weird about it. So then Trump comes out and He goes, they know what it is. I don't know why they're not telling anybody. And I'm gonna tell everybody on the, on the 20th, I mean, I, I, first of all, I'm really happy that they're gonna disclose and I wanna raise expectations about what the Trump administration's gonna do. We want the data. And I mean, someone was criticizing me. 'cause they were like, oh, oh. 'cause I came out, I said, I'm confident the Trump administration is gonna share the data. And they were like, that just shows that Shellenberger is, you know, it's like pro-Trump and whatever. And I was like, no, I'm just like, pro disclosure, I want the expectations to be high, because they should be high. There is so much information they're not releasing. So, you know, they were over bedminster And he ca he's talked about it twice now, by the way.


So look, at least He's distress about it. I He's worried about it. So we're either headed for pretty epic moment of disclosure. There's another part of me that worries. So I, okay, so it seems like, yeah, they could do disclosure and we could find out what it is. You know, is it if it's, there's could be aliens, if it's aliens that's just a whole can of worms. And then you have to be like, is there, like do we talk to them? And if so, who, who's doing that? Do you think we have? I I I genuinely don't know. Yes. I genuinely don't know. I mean, there's, there's this guy named, I can't remember his first name, Stringfield. He wrote this incredible thick book of UAP crashes, crash retrievals.


And it's, And he started doing it, I wanna say fifties or sixties. And I think he went for like, multiple decades. And you just sit down with that book and it is like, it's impressive. I mean, if it's a hoax, it's just one of the greatest hoaxes of all times. You know, like other hoaxes, you know, like the protocols of the elders of Zion or whatever. They're, they're really bad. Like they're really, you're just like, this is like the dumbest hoax ever. Like most hoaxes are not that sophisticated with all these details. And these people interviewed, of course Roswell was the big case, but it's only apparently one of them. There was others. So there is this incredible, you know, gray literature never published by any academic press, by any really, a little bit of commercial non nonfiction, obviously of David Grush and Lou Elizondo.


I testified in front of Congress on this in, I guess I was in December or November. And you know, two people, the two guys from the military, when we, when we were asked, what are they, two guys said, non-human intelligence. And then me and the NASA guy said, we don't know, because I just don't, I mean, I just, what Do you think that Jones or New Jersey were? I mean, look, here's, let me tell all, let's just, let's just, let's just, let's just look at the possibility that they're human. They didn't get a single one of 'em. They didn't down a single one of 'em, not a single one of 'em crashed. And there was a lot of 'em. And there was a lot of, look, there's a lot of mistaken sightings. You know, it is easy to mistake things.


It's totally natural. Sure. But, but there was also, I mean, I interviewed mayors. Two mayors were like, one of them was like, I had an SUV sized drone flying over my house. Another one said he was going to a Fox News interview in New York. The car came from me, walks out his door, and there's one hovering right over him. And he said it, you know, it felt like it was watching him, like it was there monitoring him. I mean, that's weird stuff. So we can't get a single drone down. There are over military bases. They can't seem to get any of them. You know, I do, I think the Chinese could be behind or the, the, those are the, the Chinese, I mean, when the Chinese decide to like encroach in you, in like in the South China Sea, when they decide, you know, how they, like, they'll like warn the United States occasionally, be like, you're flying over our airspace.


It's all super calculated. And like, you know, like they're make, they're, they're, it's like a performance. The Chinese are like, we're messing with you. Like you all kind of know. And they're doing it in ways where they don't want it to escalate, but they want to get a little bit more of that space. It's all super calculated. Now. There was the balloon, you know, are there Chinese balloons? Yeah, but I mean, to be buzzing air our military bases, it's just so aggressive. Now I've, when I've said that before, I've had other people point out, they go, well, they're aggressive with the cyber attacks. I guess that's true. It as a physicalist I guess I kind of go flying your drones over US military bases and nuclear plants. That is just a level of aggression that just doesn't seem characteristic of the China unless You were Well, of course, I agree with you.


Yeah. An intel person told me that, that, that this person believed that they were In fact Chinese and that a Chinese satellite went down, was visible to the naked eye. There were news stories about it, you know, evaporated, burned up. And that this person told me that was taken down by the US government that was a command and control satellite for these drones. Oh wow. Okay. And the belief was the Chinese government was sending the following message, we're moving on Taiwan and maybe other things. Wow, okay. You can't do anything about it. Okay. So, You know, look, I have no idea if that's true or not. Zero. Yeah. I mean, God, I don't know. That just doesn't, it just, I just gotta say it's just, it's so aggressive.


And, and also, but the other thing is that like, you know, seems reckless, Actually Seems really reckless. And the Chinese have not been seeking confrontations like that for the most part. Now, Jesse Michaels, who is doing some of The best reporting on this issue of UAPs, he's doing YouTube videos. He just did a documentary that was incredible. Like, I think it's like an hour, a couple of hours highly recommended that goes through the very long history of unidentified anomalous phenomena over US military bases, including all these cases of, you know, several cases of them shutting down missile system like a 65 Year long history. Yeah. Yeah. And there was this famous press conference with like missiles and others from military bases in, in Washington DC I wanna say in the nineties maybe, maybe eighties.


So, you know, like that predates any of the Chinese stuff by far. It predates all the drones. So that was going on for a really long time. I mean, if you just kind of, if you step back and you look at it, it looks like a very, like, what is it? Communicate on a very basic level. It's definitely communicating dominance. You know, it's, it's, You can read in a lot of different ways. And that's similar to what the, the Navy pilot said around the tic-tac interactions off both coasts is that these were phenomena or, you know, or objects, whatever you're gonna call them or, or craft, that were just demonstrating dominance over our craft. They were able to do things that our craft weren't doing.


So yeah. I mean, and That was from their perspective, the point of the behavior was to say, we can do things that you can't. Yeah. And so then it, then it, then it, then the question would be, so if it is NHI, then the question is are they communicating something? And if they are communicating something, why would they only be doing it in that way? Like you would, you would, like, if you're, like, if you're trying to demonstrate your strength in adversary or something, you're trying to send some message, why would you just do that? Because there's nothing that we can do with that information. So then you have to wonder, okay, if it is NI and it's behaving in that way, Non-human intelligence. Yeah. Nonhuman intelligence then And there some, is there actually some other communication going on, right.


That we don't know about. And of course, there's just a long history and there's all these crazy stories of, you know, presidents. I mean, going back to Eisenhower. So just to, just to bottom line your view, after reporting on the lights over New Jersey in Pennsylvania, New York, Mid-Atlantic drone hysteria, do you think they were human made drones? I, I genuinely don't know. I mean, I will be, I'll be, I might be more shocked if they were human made because of their behaviors And they never were able to get one. I did have somebody tell me recently that they had heard, I mean, again, it's always secondhand. It's just so untrustworthy. But somebody told me that, that the military got one of the, the orbs, the famous orbs and opened it up and it was Chinese.


I mean, if that's the case, then somebody has mastered anti-gravity. And that's almost harder for me to believe then that it's NHI. Because I mean, it's just, I mean, I don't know. I mean, look, we have a, I mean, here's the, I i, I literally, I go back and forth and You can see me doing it in the same conversation. But we have these huge black budgets in the military, I mean, just gigantic. And they've been there for decades. So is it possible to cover up something like that? I think it might be. I mean, I'm much more after having covered the Hunter Biden laptop, and I mean Russiagate two, but really the Hunter Biden laptop, I was just impressed by how many people were involved in the conspiracy to cover it up. I mean, you had the FBI getting it, covering it up basically working with a, working with Aspen Institute to run a disinformation campaign.


By the way, this is Vivian Schiller and Garrett Graff run the disinformation campaign aimed at persuading journalists in advance of the release of the Hunter Biden laptop. That it was a Russian information operation. Garrett Graff is the guy that goes and does the big UFO book. So these things all, I mean, this was very weird. So he comes out with a big book on UFOs, I think it was last year, it was called UFO Garrett g Graff. This is somebody that is famously close with the intelligence community. His other books were on Watergate and on nine 11, the book, and both of which were totally legitimate. No, for sure.


And I'm sure the, the official story is everything we need to know. So, you know, you sort of go And what was his conclusion on UFOs? Well, it was very, it's the, the narrative is that they don't know what they are. So he doesn't fully, he's not like a debunker like these guys who are like, oh, oh, we can explain everything. So he is much more sophisticated than that. But it's basically a debunking, it's basically that. It's basically that it's, it's just all the, you know, typical explanations and then maybe some US military programs. But he also just says that he just argues that the US military doesn't know what it is. I don't believe Garrett Graff.


And the reason I don't believe Garrett g Graff is because I saw him participate in a disinformation campaign on Hunter Biden, a laptop. And I know for a fact that there's something else going on at that Aspen Institute program. And Aspen Institute, of course, is a massive US government funded NGO, that cosplays as a kind of, you know, bourgeois gab fest. So there, I mean, so I'm like, that was, for me, that was all came out in the Twitter files. I discovered that in the Twitter files. And for me it was like pulling back the curtain. And you actually have, as a journalist, like you, you, we have the emails, you know, like you have the documents. You have the tabletop exercise where they're brainwashing journalists into believing a lie about the Hunter Biden laptop that was so sophisticated of that because they, they basically go and brainwash journalists before the story comes out because they know they're listening to Giuliani, you know, their FBI tap on Giuliani, they're listening to Giuliani.


They had, they knew they, we had to go brainwash the journalists. They go get all the journalists from all the major outlets plus the social media platforms in these seminars where they program them. I mean, that was like, for me, it was like, wow, there's like a secret government. Like, it was like, there's some, there's like a whole, there's like a whole, it's a very, and it was very just sophisticated. I don't know how else to describe it. Like, it was very, everything seemed very careful. Also, with all the censorship stuff, you see these limited hangouts, right? Where limited hangouts are kind of like the public relations of a covert operation of like a covert propaganda operation where like, after they get caught, they can be like, oh no, we were totally honest about what we were doing. We were talking about it.


But they do these weird limited hangouts. You'll see these people that clearly look like either directly intelligence community or their intermediaries having these conversations they put on YouTube. And like, they're like, but it's like, you know, a couple hundred views. Like they're not promoting them in any way. And so you just kinda go, wow, there's like a whole creepy like, world of disinformation. And what you realize is that the covert operations are really not covert. Like all the, all the information's out there actually. Right. But it's just discredited or unnoticed or no one coates it. Right. Have you noticed that? Yeah, no, I know. And then, and you only can understand it when you see the whole big picture.


'cause it, there's, there's no smoking guns ever, right? So there's never something You can, I mean, hunter buying a laptop got us about as close to a hun as a smoking gun. Yes. As You can get. And it helped because it was, what helped to expose it was that you, it was partisan. And so it was a particular partisan weaponization. My concern with the UAPs, I mean it's now, I guess the strength and a weakness is that it's become bipartisan in terms of the desire. I mean, it was really, I mean, Tucker, the weirdest experience I've had, I've testified now like 12 times or 13 times in front of Congress in the last few years. The weirdest experience I've had was on UAPs seeing the Democrats and Republicans basically being aligned in wanting to get to the bottom of the UAP thing. I mean, it was beautiful.


Like I've never seen it. I was like, I, this is, I've never, I've heard of bipartisan shit. Yeah. Never thought I would see it in, you know, in the wild. So that is exciting. On the other hand, I suspect that there is also some bipartisan group that's trying to prevent that information from getting, there's no doubt about that for some reason. So, I mean, look, I mean, it is, I mean, what is gonna happen, I mean, I mean part of me is, you know, maybe it's my defensive pessimism on it. 'cause I like everybody else. I want the information. Part of me is like, there's just no way they're gonna let that information out. It's just something is too, there's something about the UAP thing, like the JFK thing where there's some secret there that they are really, there is some group of people that really don't want us to know.


So, you know. Well, that's a, That's a fact. Yes. I bumped up against that personally several times on both of those issues, which appear to be related. Yes, I, but I don't know the answer. All I you, it's, it's almost like seeing something in photographic negative. All I know for a fact confirmed is that they are willing to go to extreme lengths to keep it secret. And so that's just to tell that it's, there's something profound there. It's not just a bureaucracy covering its own ass. It's more than that. I mean, how about the clip where Pompeo is being interviewed about the JFK files and then he, like, literally mid-sentence goes, but I mean, I've also seen the UFO files and it was like, well, why, why did you just switch from, like, what made you think of the UFO files on the JFK files?


I don't know. I mean, so anyway, is there a secret? Has there, have we developed anti-gravity? Have we developed, I mean we know that in the fifties there were, like, there was a, there's a whole book on it. It's very fascinating. But there was like, there was an anti-gravity program in the US military with our defense contractors. It made the cover of one of the aerospace magazines. It was like, there was like a cover of it and then it just disappeared. And so You can kind of go, I think the official experience go, yeah, we tried that and it didn't work. It's like, well, how would, that's never stopped you before. Right? Like, it not working. Like that's like, you know, like, like you would keep working on it if You can do anti-gravity.


So the other possibility is that it just went dark And they just, they kept doing it. Well, I, I wonder though about the, like, the possibility that there is a, or has been technology transfer from some other realm to this realm. 'cause there are, you know, just in the study of history, there are, it's like there's really no understanding at a bunch of different points of in human societal evolution. Like where did that technology come from? And you see that on a bunch of different technologies. So, but nuclear, anti-gravity, that kind of stuff. Like, are you open to the possibility that, that there's been like a transfer of that technology from some other, I mean that is def there's definitely, that is, that is what a lot of people talk about.


Yeah. I mean the problem with this issue is just, it's very frustrating because it's just all secondhand. Of course it is. And so like the Hunter Biden laptop is not secondhand. Like, it's firsthand. And I have the documents now, there are a bunch of really fascinating, you know, alleged US secret US government documents on UFOs, on, on alleged alien space craft crashes. They're called the, you know, majestic documents or the MJ 12 documents. And so the story is that, you know, that that one or two of these craft crashed in 1947 near Roswell, New Mexico.


And that sort of begins, and you know, and there's a whole cast of characters that allegedly, you know, including Oppenheimer were involved in that program. You know, the why Would Oppenheimer be involved? Well, why, I mean, because he was the man, you know, like he was like, he was our greatest scientist, obviously the father of the atomic bomb. And, and you know, Roswell is where the, where we launched the, the flights to bomb Hiroshima, Nagasaki. So it's very symbolic in that sense. Maybe more Than symbolic. Yeah, maybe more than symbolic. I mean, they keep flying over nuclear. Like as my wife says, she's like, your aliens really, they don't like the nuclear, you know, 'cause I love nuclear. So, and I'm kinda like, I'm like, well, yeah, I mean like, and also the most ridiculous thing is when people are like, oh yeah, they want us to give, give up our, you know, the people that believe in them, they go, the aliens are here And they want us to give up our nuclear weapons.


It's like, doesn't sound like a good idea to me. The foreign space invaders would like you to give up your most powerful weapons. But those documents, I spent a bunch of time on them and I couldn't figure out how to report anything on it because of course, of course FBI was like, these are all debunked, they're all frauds. But there are, first of all, there's a lot more of them. You go to majestic documents.com and You can look at them. They're amazing. I mean, if they are, and I've also had an the other, and they're by the way, in those, in the Gard graph book, they're in that book. They're also in another debunking book called by Mark Pilkington, I'm blanking on the name right now. But they, they, they all, all the people that are the debunkers deal with these documents.


And their story is not that they were all hoaxes, their story is that they were what's called counterintelligence passage material. Right. Documents that were created by the US government, but leaked to people to ostensibly be able to smoke out double agents or people like you would see them. I guess you would trace these documents, right? Like putting die in the water to find a leak. Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. So I mean, but the thing is, I mean, it is like, there's like, one of them is a handbook of crash retrieval. Like for like to like, that the, that the soldiers with Austin simply read to retrieve these crash. I mean it's, they, the, if they're hoaxes, they're incredible. I mean, like, they have, like, they have like, they, they have like the people, like they have, I forgot what it's called, but like basically like a manifest where they show who's checked it out in a Reddit And they have all these different names and they've checked those names.


And those were like real people at those air bases that had these documents. So, and then, you know, there was one document in particular where it was a memo from JFK to the CIA director Dulles, where he says, I wanna see you on this particular day. It was like July 62 or 63, I can't remember which. And now again, everyone's like, oh, that's a forge read. It's part of the MJ 12 documents or whatever. It's not real. But then they released the JFK files and then sure enough, we see the Dulles calendar. And he had met with JFK twice that day and nobody had known that they had had those meetings until we had that JFK mem until we had the confirmation of the memo. So that would suggest that at least either that document is real, that JFK memo to Dulles or whoever forged it knew that he had met with Dulles that day and nobody else had known that.


So, you know, you'd be sort of like, I guess, I guess you could still put it in the, this is why this is the problem with this issue is You can still, there's there's still plausible deniability for a lot for all these things. You know, You can make up a reason for why these documents are all counter intelligent passage material. I don't know. That's why I just have to kind of go, I, I don't know. I mean, I talk to a lot of people and yeah, it's just a lot of secondhand information and the documents are secondhand. So you kind of go, there's like my world of like the Hunter Biden laptop, which still a bunch of my progressive and Democrat friends and family don't believe, you know, they still, they still think the Russians were somehow involved, but like, I actually have the documents and we can prove what happened there on the UAP stuff.


It's just still just surrounded in this. But the Incoming president has said, he just said, I'm gonna tell you what those drones were about. He was very relaxed about it too. I mean, I was struck that when they, when he, he did, she said it twice. He said it again recently, like last week, right. And, but then he said it in December, He goes, I don't know why they're Biden. Like, I don't know why they're not telling people what they are. They know what they are. And I was like, I was like, I mean, it was a really, he made it sound like it's no big deal. Like we should just tell people what it is. But if Trump knew what it is and if he, if it's NHI, and Trump knows that. He seemed very relaxed about that because of course, the, I mean the, the main the dominant, the conventional wisdom among people that follow this, who think it's NHI is that it's bad news.


That it's not a great, that it's not a great story. That if it were good news and that they were just friendly space brothers, you know, offering us, you know, advanced tech then, and they'd be like, and there's no strings attached or whatever. That would be a much easier story to sell. But if there's some bad news in that story, then that might explain why they're so Secretive. Well, clearly there's some bad news. My theory is that the reason that permanent Washington or deep state or whatever, people who administer the system hate Trump is not because of any of his policies, which they're probably agnostic on, but because they fear that he will disclose information. I think it's, everything's about disclosure. If you look at the federal government, what's it's defining quality is secrecy, right?


Yes. Billion classified documents. Why is that? Right? It's not good. It's never good. Your kids behave like that. It's not good. No. They're using drugs or whatever, you know what I mean? Right. They're having sex. They shouldn't be having, there's never a good reason for that kind of secrecy. It's not privacy, it's secrecy. So, right. Yes. And there's something about Trump that makes everybody nervous that he might say more of what he knows than he should. Well, they don't control him. That's obviously, that's right. So that's, that's very nerve wracking. I mean, how much do you think that they're just worried that he's gonna pull out a nato? How much of it is that? That's, I mean, I, of course that's, that's in my daily prayers that he would do that. I don't think he's in danger doing that. I hope, certainly hope so. But I think it's even more fundamental.


It's like this guy could say the truth because Trump is not much of a liar actually by Washington Sanders. He's an exaggerator of course, but actually is defining quality as like saying the truth. He's being honest about kind of big issues. Yeah. The big issues. Exactly. So what do you, so you think he knows what it is? The UP stuff? Yeah, I do think that, Yes. And, and you think it, it's a NHI, You know, I, he hasn't told me, but yeah. And I do think he knows. I'm pretty sure, pretty sure he knows. And I'm pretty sure that everybody I've ever spoken to who I think knows a lot more than I do. I mean, what does it mean to know? Like, do we really know anything? I don't know.


I I'm not sure anybody fully understands this or even partially understands it, but the people who, who I'm confident have a lot more information than I have to a person are very, very uncomfortable about it. Yeah. Since not in public and private, which is another tell that I've just not, I mean, you've talked to a lot of people. I mean, yeah, no, I mean, it's there. It's very, yeah. I mean, I say my prayers, I'm still Christian. I mean, you know, it's interesting, Joe, when I was on Joe Rogan's podcast last time, I mean here, you know, Joe was like, I think that they're extraterrestrials, you know, he's openly saying that. Yeah. It's not, so you kind of not the case. Well, okay. Or NHII guess. NHI. Yeah. Yeah.


But I mean, here you and Joe are like the two big most influential podcasters in the country. And you both think that it's not just a government secret tech or No. Or that it's not just plasmas. No. And Joe's very close with Elon loves Elon, you know, like me. And I think probably like you believes that Elon deserves a huge amount of credit for saving free speech in this country. Elon says there's nothing there. He never sees anything. And they've got an amazing rocket system that sees a lot of things. I'm not sure, I've talked to Elon about this a number of times. Okay. And I'm not sure he says that. Okay. I thought he did say that. No, I thought he said, if I see if there's any aliens, he jokes About it, which is a tell Trump does too.


And they all, they joke in the same way. I mean, I of course I love them both, obviously. And I feel like, you know, I feel like they both have really been great for this country, you know, net net as they say. But no, they joke about it in the same way that a lot of people joke about. They're like, no, there are no flying saucers from Mars. Right. Well, of course they're not from Mars. They're def Right. They're not from another planet, they're from here. They've always been here. These are spiritual entities. This is my view. And I, I sincerely believe it. Yeah. Can't prove it. But since you asked, so he is, I've never heard Elon say that's not true. Be dismissive That there's nothing there. You just said like, we monitor space. That's what they do. Right. And this is self-evident.


If there were, there have been so many sightings in this country and around the world that if they were from another galaxy far, far away, there would be some satellite evidence of that. They'd be picked up coming into our atmosphere. And of course, that's not as far as I know. True. Well, we do have some photos. I mean, there's that one photo of the one I can't remember. It's like, it's in the James Fox documentary. So there are some of those apparently coming through, Through space in here. And certainly I've been told there's a lot more of those photos that images. But yeah, I mean, there's also would not Surprise me though. I mean, it's clear that these things reside, you know, deep in the earth under the water and in the, in the atmosphere. So I mean that's And why The elusiveness then?


Why the secrecy? Well, that's the question. Why don't wanna, That is the question. I mean, why is everybody who I, again, I don't know what anybody really knows. I don't know anything. I just wanna start every sentence by admitting I don't know anything. I don't know what happens when you die. I don't know how the brain works. I don't know anything. I don't know what sleep is for. None of us do. That's A really interesting one. That's a surprisingly interesting one actually. But it's Such a, it's so revealing of the limits of human knowledge. It's like, oh, science has solved this really what's sleep for? Tell me how that benefits us sleep, really. But anyway, so I just always want to say and remind myself of the limits of my knowledge, which are profound. So I don't know anything. But once again, every person I've talked to who I believe has deeper knowledge on this question than I have has seemed burdened by it.


Have you noticed this? Yeah. Yeah. It's not fun. Fun. These are not people who are making money from it. No. These are not people who trying to get famous from it. These are people who just seem to have this knowledge and they're, they're bothered by it. So that's, To me, and I don't think it's, I don't think it's to cover up a secret weapons program. I mean, in other words, like, I don't think that's how you would do, it's, it's so like Yeah. I don't believe it. A Secret weapons program. Yeah. Sorry. It's much deeper. Like weapons programs come and go. Right. Weapons that we thought were fearsome when I was a child or a joke now. Right. We're we're, we're watching weapons technology change so fast in the Ukraine war that people can't even get their brains around. And you wouldn't need this elaborate. And also, like, if you're doing passage material, like just to go back to those cases, like why would it be that, and why would there be so much of it?


Why would it, why would it be something, anyway, it's a very curiously large body of passage material Yes. On this particular topic. Well, that's right. Well, that's, that's what I was saying. Like, I do think all the puzzle pieces are sort of in plain sight. Did you ask Putin about it? I I did not ask Putin about it. I would never have done it on air, because I did ask him a bunch of questions off, off camera about, you know, he has access to the, of course he controls the Soviet archives, which, and the, the Soviets are great archivists. And we know that from the, you know, couple of, I'm interested in Soviet leadership and government and all that stuff.


There have been a couple amazing books written, the Court of the Red, Zarb being, I think the greatest of them about Stalin, for example. And one thing you learn from me in the book is they kept records on everything. Almost like the Nazis, like crazy level records. And you know, most of 'em have never been disclosed. I had, I did have some questions for Putin about that, about Rudolph Hass specifically. I guess one of the great stories in history that doesn't make any sense at all. The number two guy in Nazi Germany flying into Scotland and a plane by himself and bailing out, you know, right before the US entry into the war and had all these things to say that were wild. And one of the things he apparently said in his debriefs was he believed that Hitler was being influenced by demonic spirits that he had summoned through the occult.


Huh. That's not worth knowing more about it. There's a lot of stuff on that. There's A lot. Yeah, there's a lot. But Hess said that, yeah. So I immediately asked Putin about that off camera. I don't wanna seem like a wacko having unauthorized questions, but I did ask him about that. He did not get a satisfactory answer, but I did not ask him about UFOs. Well, I thought also the, you know, you may have seen Mark Andreesen recently said that when he met with White House officials who said that they wanted to take all, they, they wanted to take control over all ai, that they said to him something like, we've, we've declassified whole areas of science since the 1950s. And I was like, that just seemed like a reference to this stuff.


At least, at least to the, at least to the anti-gravity, if not to some of the UAP stuff. I think the modern Western mind, the post 1945 Western mind is incapable of understanding some of the stuff because we lack the language of, you know, metaphysics. And I think that's, you know, just been a feature of human thinking from the cave period Right. Until we drop the atom bomb, in which case it just like turned off and we're like, oh, only the material world is real. But no one else has ever thought that, 'cause that's not true. Well, like for a hundred years, right. Really from Darwin, you know, 150 years or Something. Yeah. But I don't think, I mean, even before, before the war, before dropping those bombs, which really were, I mean, I do think that's like the pivot point in history more than anything else.


But yeah, there've been secular movements, you know, rich people always think they're God, and so they wanna eliminate any rivals from the public, from the conversation. But those bombs, man, everything changed. I don't think, Well, it sure seemed like it. I mean, there's a really positive side of it though, which is that we haven't had these awful wars. Yes. Brutal. I mean, when you look at the death toll that was going up from up and up and up from wars all throughout the 19th and 20th centuries, it's awful. So yeah, we've, it's, they've spared us that, but it took something apocalyptic. Well, It's been 80 years. We'll see. Yeah. So last question, sorry. I've got, yeah. Can you imagine sitting next to me at dinner? Like you never, I never got anything done.


And you're, I think, one of the most knowledgeable people in the country on like, all the most interesting topics. So Two kind. Sorry. No, It's, well, it's just, it's just a fact. In fact, if there's anything, this conversation I think is like provoked in people. It's a desire to hear more Michael Shellenberger, so, Aw, Thank You. Do you think it's possible that what we're seeing in la, which does feel like the destruction of our second biggest city from which maybe there's no recovery, I don't know, I hope, but do you think it's a, an act of war in some sense? Mm. You mean from a foreign power or, I do. Oh, like what, what's the evidence for that? It happened and it happened between Trump's election and his inauguration, and it's just crazy.


Yeah. The second Trump got elected, I had this instinct like, oh man, I bet a lot there's gonna be bad, bad stuff that happens Months. I mean, I was more struck by that on the uap, on the drone uap. Yeah, well, exactly. It's of a piece. Yeah. Like A bizarre Tesla explosion in Las Vegas. Very weird. The mass shooting. Like there's just, yeah. If there's a two month period in my whole life, 55 years where more, more weird shit's been packed into two months. I can't think of it. Yeah. Can you? No, it's freaking me out a little bit. Me too. Honestly. Me too. I mean, the, the, I spent a bunch of time on the Villes Burger. That's the guy that killed himself in the Tesla in Las Vegas. I mean, you definitely have cases of PTSD causing people to do things, and people are surprised by suicides.


But yeah, it was a weird one, you know, and I was skeptical of his emails because, you know, I sent these emails to Sean Ryan. It's another excellent podcaster. Now I think you've had 'em on or you've been on there. I, he's a friend of mine. I, I, yeah, I can just for the record, I consider him an honest Oh No, I did Too. I think Ryan is an honest man. No, no, for sure. He's a CIA operative. Oh, shut Up. No, no, no. I was like, I, I was like, injured because, because I believe in Sean and, and I didn't, I'm sure he did not fake that. So, you know, and then they, and then the FBI did confirm that those emails were real, on the other hand, you know, that was a weird one too, because also it felt like he was like, oh, the, the Chinese, those were Chinese drones. They've mastered tic, it just felt like he didn't really know what he was talking about either.


So there's just a lot of, A lot of people talking. Have you ever heard the word tic before? I mean, I've, I thought it was anti-gravity, is what I've heard. So, But I'd never, well, you're a writer. You're a word person. I'd never heard that word or word. I think it felt like he was using it wrong. That was my Instinct. So that's, that was my thought too. I looked it up. Yeah, no, I mean, I guess I, I look at it, I just think Nietzsche really nailed it, which is that when People, you know, when people stop believing in traditional religions, they become, they, they unconsciously, you know, develop, you know that they develop new sense of guilt, a new vision of the apocalypse. They invent a new soul. I mean, people think that there's this thing called gender, which is separate from your body.


It's kinda like a soul. My friend Abigail Schreyer pointed that out. And so we just end up recreating Christianity, but in a deformed and deranged way. Yes. And, and it, and the emergent quality of it is this destructive fire. Like you don't, it's actually more powerful. 'cause nobody got out there and said, you know, let's let, I mean, somebody did say, let's let Malibu burn. But that was never like the explicit policy of the government of la It's just something that emerges after years of budget cuts, after years of self-hating ideologies. Like DEI like climate apocalypse, like the homeless apocalypse. It's just emerges kind of deep from deep within us, from some, from some self-destructive part of us.


So for me, if there's a foreign invasion, it came through the human psyche, not from outside of it. Michael Shellenberger, how can people find you? Public news and at Shellenberger on X The best. Thanks for having me, Tucker. Thank you. I really appreciate much. Thank you. Yeah. Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson com.