
Immerse yourself in Candy Crush music season. Crush the competition for a chance to win three epic live music experiences anywhere in the world. Discover the hottest new tracks from Toki, monster, Kimra, and Lao in game now. Now that sounds sweet quicker. Tap the banner to download Candy Crush and play music season. Now. Start September 19th, open to players 18 older, above level 25 in eligible countries prize cap value in terms apply.


Thank you. Thank you. I'm really happy to, I'm really happy to be here. It's, I've spent, thank you. Ah, I I, it's so funny, I was just in this building in July. I had no idea it was the same building until it was pulling up tonight. I was like, that looks very familiar. I'm so grateful to be here.


I am actually. And I just wanna be clear, I like every part of the United States. I'm from here. I was born here. I will die here hopefully not too soon. But I've made that commitment and I'm gonna be buried near my dogs. So, but I love the whole country. I grew up on one coast. I live on the other, whoever clap for me, being buried next to my dogs. I like you. 'cause I, I feel that way. But I have to say, and this is not pandering, this is totally sincere. I especially love this part of the Midwest. I just love it. I love it for incredibly shallow reasons that I'll just about.


First of all, I love to hunt and fish here. I love your muskies. I love your grouse. The friends who I go on an animal annual hunting trip with in two weeks, the first thing I'm doing when I get off tour is coming back to Wisconsin To, to catch your fish and try to shoot your birds. I probably won't, don't worry, they're safe. But the real reason I love the Midwest particularly this part of it's 'cause I married a girl from this area and I just love the accent. I think it's hilarious. I've been with her 40 years next week. I met her 40 years ago next week. And when I first started dating her, I thought, you know, I'm sure the accent will sort of lighten up a little bit.


You know, over time it has not at all. It's still a car. A car, which is like a motor vehicle. If I say to my dogs, let's go to the park, they look at me like, what? But if I say the park, bam, they're up. And so I associate that accent with niceness and particularly nice women. So I'm walking through downtown Milwaukee today and I hear people speaking in this accent and I almost wanna walk up and introduce myself and be like, oh, it's so nice to meet you. And I thought, you know, maybe, I don't know, maybe you get shot doing that. But everyone actually was nice. I just think it's the, it's just the sweetest part of the country.


So thank you so much. We have it even in my kitchen. The Midwestern sensibility, we're very big on meatloaf in my house. Actually, I don't even know if they still serve it here, but in the seventies and the Midwest, everyone ate meatloaf every day. And so we still do. So the reason that, it's funny, the reason that we're doing this tour, we're doing this is where, this is our eighth night and we're doing the entire month of September. And the real reason I wanted to do it was I became, we, I now work on the internet and before then I worked on television. And the frustrating thing about, I know, yeah, okay, the frustrating thing about both of them is, you know, there's a lot of censorship and now more than ever.


And so I just thought to myself, the one thing that you can't censor is a live event. You know, You can really be completely honest because the people are right there. And if you're, you know, in a room full of thousands of people, You can feel, you know, very strong. Now I'm revealing it from California, but a vibe coming off the people. And it's just wonderful. And people can be as honest as they want, which is extremely honest. And so I thought, I just need to do that. After spending all day worried about what YouTube is doing to our videos, I just wanna get out and talk to people directly. So after eight days, I'm thinking, you know, maybe I overstated it, you know, maybe the censorship, the distortion of the facts, the lying, the massive deception machine I've been a part of for 33 years now in the media, maybe it's not as bad as I thought.


And then someone tries to shoot Trump again. I was here actually the last time someone tried to shoot Trump. I was here in this room and now I'm back again two days after. And I, I am shocked watching the lying in real time, shocked. I was, what was it, two days ago? And all of a sudden we're getting these reports. I call in there and get all the facts. And then I thought, you know, what are they saying in the media about it? So the first thing if you tuned in that you learned was that he was shot by a Trump supporter, which totally makes sense. A guy loved him so much, he, you know, brought a rifle to the golf course and tried to murder him.


I mean, that's kinda the way it works. It's like Putin blowing up his own natural gas pipeline. That makes sense. Totally. He's so evil. He's attacking himself. Right? Self harm being like sort of the natural. And I'm, I'm watching this. They're literally telling me that this guy whom they've arrested is a Trump supporter. Huh? So you flip channels and then you learn that, ah, I flipped over to a channel I used to work on. And there's Lindsey Graham and I know, I know, I know. He's a Republican senator from one of the most conservative states. How does that happen? By the way, if democracy's real, how is Lindsey Graham a senator?


But whatever. So I'm watching Lindsey Graham and Lindsey Graham's looking right into the camera and he is like, you know, who did this? Iran. Iran. So I looked into this. Yeah, that's for sure. Well, it turns out someone has yelled Warmonger. Well, the guy who shot Trump was also a warmonger. And in fact, the closer you look at it, the more you realize his politics are exactly the same as Lindsey Graham's, he's a NeoCon. He literally volunteered in Ukraine. And Lindsey Graham's like, no, Ron did. It's like, no, you have no opinions that are different from this guy's. And you're lying to me in the audience.


I used to speak to five nights a week. You were lying to them. I'm shouting this in my hotel room. Nobody heard me. My wife was brushing her teeth. She's like, what is that? They're lying. It drove me completely insane. And. There's no mention of the fact that this guy, who by the way, has been interviewed by every media outlet in Washington. This guy was like a very famous guy. You, you may not even know this. There's only one place to learn any facts at all. And that's Elon Musk's social media app. It's crazy. I don't have a TV at home, so I'm spared most of this.


I have no idea what's going on. By the way, I strongly recommend ignorance. If you're looking to stay happy in a moment like this, just know less. Unfortunately, my job requires me to know more. But if you think about it, did God punish Adam and Eve for ignorance? I don't think he did. He punished them for knowledge. So maybe I shouldn't watch cable news. This was my, I don't wanna know what they're saying, but this week I've had to pay close attention. And every single thing is a lie, either directly or it's a lie more and much more prevalent and much more sinister. It's a lie by omission. They're just not telling you the facts.


And without belaboring the point, I'm using this as just one example among a countless number of examples where reality is completely distorted and the average person has not only no idea, but no way of knowing what the truth is. So the guy who is now in custody for attempted murder against the Republican nominee, the former US President, Donald Trump, that guy has been interviewed countless times by every big media outlet in the United States. He's got, you know, a criminal record, the length of your arm, 20 charges, including possession of weapons, of mass destruction. The New York Times didn't bother to learn any of that before. They held him up as a freedom fighter in Ukraine where he was living.


And then the piece describes the contact he's had with members of Congress and their staffs and other US government agencies. And you're like, wait a second. That's the same guy who brought a rifle with a scope to a golf course in South Florida to murder Donald Trump. And he's had all these contacts with US government agencies. He's like, I don't know what the, what that's about. But I think it's time to find out. No, yes, But no one's gonna find out. It's just gonna be memory holding in a week. It will never have happened. And you'll be the crazy person for remembering. People are like, what? Didn't some Trump supporter bring a rifle because you're against gun control or something?


It's like, no, no, no, no, no. That's not what happened. A guy who was a darling of the New York Times, who is the exact same worldview as Lindsey Graham decided to try and murder Donald Trump and it'll be completely gone. It will have disappeared. And so I guess what I would say is that it's a vital importance to get unfiltered information from honest people. Now how do you know honest people? How do you know if someone is being honest? It's very hard. But one of the main reasons, you know, I don't know what you're saying, but I know that I agree with you. If I could hear you, I would shout back whatever you're shouting. 'cause I feel like you're on from the pitch of your voice. I can tell you're onto something.


Well, I love you too. I heard that. So here's the answer to the question. How do you know if someone is telling the truth? And this has been my obsession for the last year, having worked in the middle of the deception machine and not even realizing it. You know, until the day you get fired. You're like, what was it like having an alcoholic spouse? Everyone knows except you. So I'm very fixated on this fact, which is that almost all of the information that we received has been curated and spun and reduced in size. Relevant facts have been omitted, irrelevant facts have been pushed to the fore in order to manipulate how we feel.


And so how do you defeat that? Well, one of the, the main way that you defeat that your first line of defense are your instincts. I have come to believe this. You know, when someone's lying, You can feel it. And I know this because I have so many dogs. Here's no, I'm serious. My dogs cannot speak English that I'm aware of. And yet, if you come to my house and you're weird, my dogs know immediately they can smell weirdness on you. They can smell deception on you. They don't like you at all. They will bark at you. They will cower in the corner. Now how is that? They don't, they haven't seen your tax returns. They haven't talked to your wife, but they know And.


they know. Because we all know if you get a vibe off someone that suggests deception, that person is lying. If you get a vibe that suggests weirdness, Tim Walls, for example. I'm just saying, oh, first of all, I went to boarding school in the eighties in New England. Okay? We had door masters like Mr. Walls. Okay? The second I saw that guy, I was like, he's not babysitting in my house. I'm sorry. No way. Oh, that's so unfair. No it's not. No it's not. Because my instincts didn't just alert me to this. They screamed at full volume. This guy's a creeper period.


Therefore, I don't have the evidence necessary to indict in a court of law. I don't, I'm not gonna press charges against Tim Wall. Someone may at some point it's not gonna be me. 'cause I don't have the information. I have the instinct and that's all I need. And the same is true, very true for deception. And if you're watching someone, I don't wanna name names because I don't wanna mean Lindsey Graham. And you look at that person and you're like, I think that person's trying to sell me something. I think that person may not be telling the full truth. You are right. You are right. Our main weakness as people is that we override the truth as delivered by our instincts, by our higher mind.


And we talk ourselves out of knowing what we already know. You already know. And you know, because God gave you those instincts as maybe the most important gift you received at birth to protect you from deception and harm. Your instincts are not trying to tell, sell you something. They're not trying to get elected to anything. Their only job is to serve you. So do not ignore them. You know, lying when you hear it. I felt this during covid. I don't, I don't think I passed high school biology. Pretty sure I didn't. I may have gotten the answers on the test from my then girlfriend.


Now my wife, actually I did. I'll just be honest. I I did. I, I cheated. Okay. I didn't. I did. I've never admitted that to anyone. Don't tell my children. But that's true. I just didn't understand it. And so I cannot pretend to be grounded in the hard sciences because I'm not. I'm deeply grounded in human nature and in the way that people communicate because that is my job. And when they started telling me things on television, I knew instantly they were lying. I had no idea why. I didn't know what the larger purpose was. I still have no idea. I can speculate. I won't do it here. What was that? What was the point of that? Well, to increase their power to make weed stores more profitable and closed down churches.


Yeah, I got that. But what was the big picture goal of that? I don't know. But I knew the first day when I watched Tony Fauci talk on my show, I interviewed him. I had no idea Tony Fauci was lying. I booked Tony Fauci Tony Fauci is like the longest serving federal employee. He lives in my neighborhood in dc Lock him up. Yeah, lock him up. Well, he is not locked up. He's wandering through our dog park with secret service protection at your expense. By the way, do you have secret service protection? Yeah. No, he hasn't been locked up. He's been rewarded in Georgetown universities paying him even more money in federal tax dollars as a hero. But I, on the basis of no evidence whatsoever, only on airing instinct, saw Tony Fauci in that interview.


And I was like, you're lying. I didn't say that on tv, but I felt it so strongly. And I spent the next week trying to figure out what he was lying about. And then it became really obvious. All of us are capable of that. Every one of us is capable of that. And the truth by contrast hits very differently. When you hear somebody tell a true thing, say something out loud, something you've never heard before, something you've heard a million times but never thought about. When you hear a true word, it resonates within you like a tuning fork. It hums. You can't get it out of your head. You may not know why it's true, but you know that it is the word, the true word is the most powerful force in the world.


In the, in the beginning was the word. And when we hear something true, we know it. And the only reason that we don't act on it is because we've been talked out of it by professional liars or we doubt our own gut instincts about it. And so what I would say to you is do not doubt your instincts. If you see someone, if you see Carmela Harris up there saying, vote for me. I'm actually a farmer from downstate Illinois. You can see the black earth in my hand. That's my tractor behind me. Vote for me. I'll give you a tax cut and a free AR 15 or whatever she, she's basically making that pitch.


She's running is some kind of right winger. Have you noticed this? Yeah. The defund, the police chick is somehow now a conservative, right? Okay, got it. I don't even need to know her history. I don't need to know anything about her. I listened to her talk and I think you're lying. And this is before I even know that she was, you know, Montel Williams Sidepiece or whatever. I know nothing about her. That's just verification of what I already felt. I knew that without even calling Montel and asking him, I knew who you were. And we all do.


So I would say hone your Spidey senses these next six weeks because you're gonna be lied to at a volume with a level of aggression you've never seen before. And the command will always be the same. Ignore what's right in front of your face. You didn't see that. That's not real. You are crazy. That's really the message. You are crazy. You can only trust us. The rest is disinformation. Okay, first of all, anyone who uses the phrase disinformation is a liar. Period. We're done. Disinformation is not a category. There's only one category.


Truth or falsehood. That's it. Disinformation is another way of saying you are saying something that's inconvenient to me. You are criticizing me. I don't like what you're saying. Shut up or go to jail. That's not a valid category. That's totalitarianism, that's tyranny. So anyone who uses the word disinformation is immediately on the liar's side. Don't listen to another word. That person is your enemy. Listen only to people who care about the only thing that is worth caring about, which is, is it true or not? Is it actually true?


And the people who care about whether it's true are your guides through a dark time and they're your only guides and they're not many of them. And I just wanna say, I'm so grateful that we have two of them tonight and I'm gonna introduce them in order.


Alright? Consider doing this. Imagine going to your computer, looking at your entire browsing history on the web, everything you've looked at. Now, imagine hitting print and then signing your full name at the bottom, maybe with your social security number, printing out that browsing history with your name on it and nailing it to the front door of say your house for everybody in the world to see. Maybe that'd be fine, maybe not. And while you're at it, actually take a copy of that same list of everything you've looked at on the internet and post it in the break room at work. And then in fact, go farther than that. Blow that up and put it on a billboard over a major highway on your commute to work. Here's everything I've been looking at on the internet. Would you wanna do that? You don't have to be a creep to think, maybe that's not something I'd want to do. But in effect, that's what you're already doing every single day. Unless you already use the sponsor of this video Express VPN, you are allowing all of your online activity to become public. Why? Because internet service providers can see every website you have ever visited. Yes. Even if you're in incognito or private browsing mode, that doesn't really work. And in the United States, your internet service provider can then sell your data to whomever they please, including the government And. they do, by the way. So what can you do about that? Well, You can do what people in our office do, particularly when we're abroad, but also when we're here. And that's encrypt your on online activity before it even reaches the internet service provider. So no one can see it. It's private privacy is a prerequisite for freedom. So keep it close. We use Express VPN to do that. That's our internet provider. Our internet provider cannot see what we're doing on the internet because we use Express VPN. They can't record it, they can't share it. They can't sell their browsing history because they never have it to begin with. Why don't they have it to begin with? Because Express VPN reroutes our online activity through secure servers and changes our IP address and makes you more anonymous to apps and website trying to track us. It'll do the same for you. What we like about it is it's so easy to use, even if you're not a tech genius. You tap one button on whatever device you're using, whether it's your phone, your laptop, your tablet, your desktop, and you know that your privacy is secure. Once again, privacy is a prerequisite for freedom. You can't be free unless you have privacy. And if you wanna start reclaiming your privacy, do yourself a favor and use our special link. To get three months of ExpressVPN for free, just go to ExpressVPN slash tucker. That's Express EX P-R-E-S-S vpn.com/tucker


Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with the superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the adventure Ready, RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla, cross You can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Breaking news. Whole Foods Market just dropped the iconic fall flavors you've been waiting for. Race through the aisles to snag pumpkin, spice, maple, and apple cider flavored cult favorites from 365 brand head to the bakery for their delightful brown sugar apple pie, plus apple cider donuts and pumpkin whoopy pies and cozy up to savings on select gutta cheeses, beef short ribs, beef chuck roast and stew meat. And more for warming hearty meals. Spice up your fall at Whole Foods Market through October 1st.


This podcast is supported by Progressive, a leader in RV insurance. RV's are for sharing adventures with family, friends, and even your pets. So. if you bring your cats and dogs along for the ride, you'll want progressive RV insurance. They protect your cats and dogs like family by offering up to $1,000 in optional coverage for vet bills in case of an RV accident. Making it a great companion for the responsible pet owner who loves to travel, see progressive's, other benefits and more when you quote RV insurance@progressive.com today. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates, pet injuries and additional coverage and subject to policy terms.


So the first who's gonna join me in just a second is my friend Larry Elder, who I've known for a a really long time who's a wonderful man. And of the many things that we have in common, Larry Elder and I are both from Southern California, which used to be the kind of thing that, you know, you bragged about. Now I tell everyone, I'm from Sheboygan, no one believes me, but I tell them that actually WA Shaw, but whatever it's, but it used to be I'm 55 when I was a kid, we felt very sorry for anybody who was not from Southern California. You wouldn't say it right to their face 'cause you don't wanna be mean. but we just thought they were deeply, deeply unfortunate.


They just didn't know or they couldn't afford the bus fare or whatever. But if you didn't live in Southern California, we were sad for you because it was such a wonderful place. It was the greatest place, it was the apogee of human civilization. And I still think that, and it matters what's happened to California. And I find myself, since I live as far from California as You can possibly live in the state of Maine. Now, you know, it's, it's like a distant fact to me. It's like a typhoon in Bangladesh. Like I feel sad, but it doesn't really affect me, but it actually does affect me. It's our largest state actually. And it is a bellwether. What happens in California does tend to move east inexorably.


And so we have to care. And what is happening in California, well, I can promise you the entire American news media colludes to hide the truth of what's happening in California from you. Because they don't want you to know what they're, they want to do to you is the truth. And Larry Elder knows he cares enough to have run for the governorship of California. He's probably the last sensible person who ever will. It's a one party state. But he made an honorable and good faith effort to dislodge Gavin Newsom. Some of us were really rooting for him. I had him on for his announcement one Thursday night and the next night was my last show 'cause I got fired.


So I wasn't able to cheer him on from my perch at a TV channel, but I was certainly from the sidelines. So Larry Elder's gonna come out in about 30 seconds and tell us what the state's actually like, because you should know even if you live here in the beautiful unchanged Midwest. And the second person we're gonna talk to is Robert F. Kennedy Jr. And the one thing I would say about Bobby, who I've been friendly with and really admired for a long time before it was even cool, I had some secret opinions about pharma that I didn't wanna share in public since they were our biggest advertiser.


But I have for many years thought he was on, you know, on the scent, like one of my dogs hunting down a pheasant in a cornrow. I was like, yeah, you're getting warmer there, Bobby. But Bobby's life is ama I can go on for hours. I'll do it in one sentence. What's happened to Bobby Kennedy over the last 18 months gives me hope for this country because there's no one, you know, there's no one who's more of a Democrat than Bobby Kennedy. He's now campaigning for Donald Trump. How did that happen? And it, It happened because Partisan politics, I'm just learning this in my advanced middle age, is a lie actually, So, if you wake up in a world where Lindsey Graham goes on cable news and pretends that he's on your side as he's lying right to your face to send your children to go die in some pointless foreign war.


And Bobby Kennedy is actually trying to save your children from dying young, from preventable disease. And if you're like me, you've never voted for a Democrat in your life and you never are going to. But you ask yourself like, wait a second, maybe this is all fake actually. And it is. The real divide is not between Republicans and Democrats. The real divide is between the liars and people brave enough to tell the truth. And Bobby Kennedy's in the latter category as you're about to find out. So with that, I am honored to introduce for an update on the biggest, most important state, the golden state of California, my friend Larry Elder.


Larry Elder, I'm so honored you're here. Are you aware that Tucker does not wear socks? I don't wear socks. No, I don't. You get to a certain age and you're like, you know, I still pay my taxes and get a driver's license, but there's some things I'm not doing. I don't wanna know what else You don't wear. I'm in a commando unit. Let me just say that. Excuse, I beg your pardon. Doesn't take much for me to get right to the vulgar newsroom and deep inside me. So Larry, you, as I said, I got fired right after you announced, right? I was Sitting, I killed, I killed your show.


You did, you did. I came on this show on Thursday and I announced I was running for president. And by the way, this is kind of the scene of the crime for me. You had the first GOP debate here in Milwaukee, and I was required to get three polls where I was at 1% or better to qualify. So I turned in three polls where I had 1% or better. I get a phone call from Ron McDaniel and she said, one of the polls You can't use, I said, which one? She said, Rasmussen. I said, why? She said, because it's affiliated with the Trump campaign. And it is true that the rules are, if anybody commissions a poll, that person can't use it, nor can any other other candidate use it. So after the announcement was made that elder didn't qualify, Rasmussen puts out a tweet and says, we're not affiliated with Trump.


There's no reason why Elder can't use me. So I submitted a fourth one and she said, you submitted it too late. So my lawyer is the former chair of the Federal Election Commission, Tucker. And he told me that by failing to apply the debate criteria fairly to elder, what the RNC did, essentially was to give an in-kind contribution to the eight candidates who did make it on the debate stage. And based on the value of the time at Fox News, that's a hundred million dollars. So I told them I flew here to Milwaukee anyway, on the eve of the debate, I said, if you don't put me up there by two o'clock, I'm going to file a complaint with the FEC for a hundred million dollars and tick, tick, tick. I thought they were gonna blink. They did not. So they didn't put me on as you know, and I have filed that complaint.


So we'll find out what happens. Well, So I guess my takeaway would be, are you saying the R C's Not totally on the level. Shockingly, I think their goal Tucker was to reduce the number of candidates. They felt that 17 was 2 million in 2016. They wanted to reduce it to a more manageable number, I guess I don't really know. And, and Tucker, I wasn't trying to displace Donald Trump. I knew he was gonna be the nominee, but there are some issues I thought were not talked about. And I felt if I could get those issues front and center, I do my job. Most notably, the number one domestic problem in America by far is the epidemic of fatherlessness.


40%. 40% of all American kids now enter the world without a father in the home, married to the mother, 25% of black kids in 1965. Now 70%, 25% of white kids now enter the world without a father in the home, married to the mother. And the stats are clear. If you're raised without a father, you're five times we're likely to be poor and commit crime. Nine times we're likely to drop outta school and 20 times we're likely to end up in jail. Now, what's happened in the mid sixties, a Democrat, Lyndon Johnson launched a so-called War on Poverty. And since then we've incentivized women to marry the government and incentivize men to abandon their financial and moral responsibility.


And nobody's talking about it. So what the neighborhood, you grew up in, the state you grew up in. You grew up with your dad at home. We've talked about your dad. Yes, it sounds like an amazing guy. But that wasn't weird, was it? It was unusual when I was growing up for a mother and the father not to be in the home. Now it is unusual for a mother and the father in the inner city to be in the home and, and that's, that's the the big difference. My father never knew his biological father. My last name Elder is the name of some man who's in his life the longest, maybe three, four years. I'm not even sure that elder formally adopted my dad, but my dad began using his name. His mother could neither read nor write, she was irresponsible, lived off a series of boyfriends.


My dad at the age of 13 comes home and starts quarreling with his mom's. Then boyfriend Elder was long gone and the mother sided with the boyfriend and threw my father out of the house, never to return Athens, Georgia, Jim Crow South at the beginning of the Great Depression. And my father picked up trash, cleaned up barns, did whatever he could, became a Pullman porter on the train. They were the largest private employer of blacks in those days. And this little black boy from Athens, Georgia traveled all over the country, Tucker and came to this state called California, the city called Los Angeles. And my dad was blown away. You could walk through the front door of a restaurant, sit down and get served. So he made a mental note. Maybe someday he'll relocate to California.


My dad always had packages of crackers and tin cans of tuna because you never knew in the south if you'd be able to get a meal. Pearl Harbor. My dad joined the Marines. I asked him, why there any Marines here? There any Marines here? Rah, you know what I'm gonna say? I asked my dad why he joined the Marines. He said two reasons. They go where the action is. And I love the uniforms. Good reason. So my dad was stationed on the island of Guam. He was in charge of cooking for the colored soldiers because the military was segregated in those days. My dad can look at a cake and tell you what's in it. So the war's over. He goes back to Chattanooga, Tennessee, where he met and married my mom to get him a job as a short order cook. He goes to three or four restaurants and he's told we don't hire   Goes to an unemployment office.


The lady says, you went through the wrong door. My dad goes to the hall and sees colored only goes to that door to the very same lady who sent him out. My dad came home to my mom and said, this is bs. I'm going to LA where I was before the war. Get me a job as a cook. So he comes out to la he walks around and he's told you don't have any references. My dad said, I need references to make ham and eggs. Goes to unemployment office this time, just one door. Nothing's available. She, he says, what time do you open? She says, nine o'clock. What time do you close? She said, fine. My dad said, I'll be sitting in that chair till you find something. Sat in the chair for a whole day. Came back the next day, sat there until lunch. She called him up. She said, I have a job for you. I don't know whether you're gonna want it. My dad said, of course I'm going to want it.


I'm starting a family. What is it? It's a job cleaning toilets and no bisco brand bread. My dad did that for 10 years, took a second full-time job at another bread company, cleaning toilets, cooked for a family on the weekend because they wanted my mom to be a stay at home mom. Went to night school to get his GED after getting his GED went to night school to learn how to operate a restaurant. The man never slept, Which is why he was so grouchy all the time. And my dad started a little cafe, 47 years old, ran until his mid eighties when my dad retired. He owned that building. He owned the property next to it, plus the house that's still in our family right now. He retired with a net worth of above a million dollars.


So I, I tell you that story Tucker, to say that being raised by a single mom is not a death sentence. You're still responsible. Life is still all about choices. My dad was a lifelong Republican. My mom was a lifelong Democrat. You should have been in the house. My dad said, Democrats wanna give you something for nothing. When you try and get something for nothing, you almost always end up getting nothing for something. And my dad would say this, hard work wins. You get out of life what you put into it. You can not control the outcome, Larry, but you are 100% in control of the effort. Before you bitch moan or whine about what somebody did to you or said to you, go to the mirror, look at it and ask yourself, what could I have done to change the outcome? And finally he said, no matter how hard you work, how good you are, sooner or later, bad things are gonna happen.


How you deal with those bad things will tell your mother and me if we raised a man. And he sounds like an amazing man, but he never made the sale politically with your mom No, lived to be 95 years old during Watergate. You should have been a fly on the wall. My dad thought Watergate was inconsequential, even if Nixon sent the plumbers in there to bug Larry O'Brien's office. My dad thought it was so what? No evidence whatsoever that Nixon did it. He covered it up. My dad thought it was inconsequential. And he said, over time, you're gonna realize this is no reason to get rid of rid of The president. My mom thought it was horrific.


She hated Nixon. The polls now show most people believe that what Nixon did does not rise to the level of him leaving office. My dad was right. Well, it, you know it. It turned out that Deep Throat was the number two man at the FBI working in concert with the CIA to crush his sitting president. So something you Consider The we've seen subsequently, but your dad was onto that. You know, you graded on the curve. Now look at the Biden crime family, $27 million, all this corruption. What Nixon did was inconsequential compared to what's going on right now. He didn't get rich in China. That's true. No, he sure didn't. So California, your home state, my home state, give us a status report from the left coast, if you would.


I, I think this story probably illustrates how bad things are. I ran for governor, as Tucker pointed out, I ran in the recall election. It was a two part deal. The first party is, do you want this man recalled? And a 50% plus one that said yes, whoever got the most votes on the replacement side would've become governor. I got 49% of the votes on the replacement side. The next highest person got 9%. The 49% was exactly the same percentage at Maker got in 2003 when he successfully recalled a previous governor. Since then, there are 5% more registered Democrats, 25% fewer registered Republicans and 50% more registered independents and independents in California.


Vote Democrat. There hasn't been a Republican elected statewide in California in 20 years. So the race is over. I collected, I raised $27 million in eight weeks, three and a half million votes. California had 58 counties on the replacement side. I carried 57 to 58 counties. The only one I didn't carry was San Francisco. I didn't spend one dime or one minute campaigning there because I thought it was a lost cause. I lost that by 149 votes. So the race is over Tucker. I go to a restaurant on the west side of LA to meet a buddy of mine. He's late. So I'm sitting at a table. There's a table next to me with two ladies. I think they feel sorry for me because I'm sitting by myself. We start talking.


Turns out they're 85 years old. They've known each other since the second grade. One was celebrating her 85th birthday. And. they told me they were Jewish. One said she was a human rights activist. One said she was a psychotherapist. And then about 15, 20 minutes into the conversation, one of 'em said, wait a minute, I know you, you're that guy that ran for governor. You're that Larry Elder. She said, guess who we voted for? I said, you didn't vote for me. She said, how do you know that? I said, let's see, on the west side of la you're both Jewish. You're a human rights activist. It doesn't take Colombo to put that together. You didn't vote for me And. they said, we didn't. Let me ask you something. How do you feel about the way Gavin Newsom shut down the state in a more severe way than did any other governor because of Covid, while sitting up there at that French laundry restaurant, yucking it up with the various same people that that drafted the mandates, not wearing a mask, not social distancing.


They said, we were outraged by that. How do you feel about the fact that a million people have left California last three years, the first time anybody's left this state in 150 years, we've lost friends. How do you feel about the homelessness? They both told me that they had a homeless encampment near their homes. And, they were outraged by it. I said, how do you feel about the quality of schools? Do you have kids? Yes. Do you put any of your kids in the Los Angeles Unified School District? No, we would not because the schools are substandard. So here we are completing each other's sentences. And you didn't vote for me. I said, have you ever had a conversation with a conservative Republican before? They said no. She said, what are you drinking? I said, double vodka, splashed of cranberry. Other one said, what are you eating?


I said, well, what's gonna have steak now I'm gonna upgrade it to lobster if you pay for the meal. So we had a marvelous time. They had never had a conversation. Ano another one. I have some back issues. And so a buddy of mine recommended a massage therapist. So give me a dress. I'm assuming it's gonna be some office building. I turn down a residential street. It's a house I knock on the door. Lady opens up door. She's got tattoos everywhere. Ear piercings everywhere. But her eyeballs, I hear, I I smell this big flue of, of, of marijuana. Not that I would know what that smells like. of course I've read about it. So she's working on my back and she's playing Motown music, which is my favorite genre of popular music. And you name the song I can Tell you about it.


They played my girl, I said, that was written by Smokey Robinson. He, he wrote the song for David Ruffin, the lead singer of The Temptations. This song is written by Marvin Gaye. Marvin Gaye was tried to dissuade it from, from doing that What's going on album by Barry Gordy because he wanted to control the, I went over every single and she said, I know who you are. When you contacted me to make your appointment. I knew who you were. I wasn't gonna say anything. Had I known you were this funny and this personable, I would've voted for you. I said, do you know any Republicans? She said, no. I said none. She said, no. I said, news bulletin. We have personalities. We have senses of humor. I mean, honestly.


Well, I mean in her defense, I remember that campaign very well. And I think the LA Times called you a white supremacist. No, No, no, no, no. Maybe she thought you're a white supremacist. I don't know. Let's be accurate. I was called the black face of white supremacy. I'm sorry. Sorry. I worked, I worked very hard for that title Tucker. What does that even mean? I never figured That's like a zen cone. That's the sound of one hand clapping. I don't even understand It. Well, I've been, I've been on radio for, for 30 years and the first six months I was on radio. Every third caller called me an Uncle Tom or a sellout, or a boot Looker, bugeye boot looking Uncle Tom Bo Tom. So I'm on the radio for about six months and I walk into a restaurant, And.


there are a couple of brothers sitting on a brick wall based on the way they were dressed. They weren't investment bankers. And one of 'em said, Larry Elder, I hate you and I love you. Come on over here. Now Tucker, I'm thinking if they were gonna shoot me, they'd done it by now. I can't outrun a bullet. Might as well go over there. So I went over, he goes, you know, I would listen to you about four, five months now. And at first I couldn't stand your black ass. But the more I started listening to you more, I said, he ain't doing nothing. But telling people to get off their ass and stop complaining. You are like castor oil. It don't taste good going down, but it's good for you.


Keep it up.


What of bad things going on in the world that honestly not many of us can have an effect on rising crime, failing schools, a tanking economy. What can you do about that? Well, not a lot, but You can get your own house in order. And above all, You can spend money with merchants, with companies that support your values that are making this a better country and not a worse country. But how do you find those companies? Well, that's where Public Square comes in. Public Square actively curates the best products from America's small businesses to help families lead happier, healthier, more productive and connected lives. That means fewer errands to big box stores. Let's searching to find wholesome alternatives to the garbage being offered in our culture and more quality time spent with people you love most. If you wanna fix your country, you've gotta strengthen yourself and your home. And you need to spend your dollars where they do good and not bad. Rebuilding America takes place one small change at a time with wise spending, supporting people who support your family, not funding people who hate you. So, if you wanna do that, public square.com is the answer. Public Square.com.


Prime big deal days is coming October 8th and ninth with exclusive savings just for prime members. Woo-hoo. Involuntary deal. Squeals can happen Like the deal on new running shoes, squeal the deal on a new blender squeal. Yeah. Or the infamous deal on a new massage or squeal. Yeah. Save big on electronics fashion and more this prime big deal days. October 8th and ninth


Max Bankman, I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard the Odyssey. A B, C, Thursday. This ship is heaven. We're attending to our past with our dreams. I'm in from 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. Season's vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey series Premiere Thursday, nine eight Central on A, B, C and stream on Hulu


Beverly Hills emergency. Somebody killed my parents. Pardon me? I came home and I found them From the creators of Dahmer. Okay, you have to shoot first so that you don't back out. Okay. Based on the horrific true events I'm gonna do this Monsters, the Lyle and Eric Menendez story now play only on Netflix.


That's such a great description. All I'm doing, all I'm doing is telling the truth. You mentioned truth. George Floyd. Four months worth of protests, violent protests. 25 people killed. 2000 police officers wounded $2 billion in insured property damage. Maybe another billion or two. And uninsured property damage. Tucker, all because of what happened to George Floyd. However you feel about what happened to George Floyd. However you feel about what Derek Chauvin did or didn't do. There is zero evidence that what happened to George Floyd had anything, whatever to do with his race.


Zero. Yeah, the lead prosecutor. The lead prosecutor was a black man and I'm a lawyer. The most important part of a trial is the opening statement. And in the opening statement, he took pains to say the police in general were not on trial. The Minneapolis PD in general was not on trial. This individual is on trial for what he did or what he didn't do to George Floyd. And he never even intimated that the officer committed a hate crime. He was never charged with a hate crime. Yet you had all these protests all over the country based upon the assumption that what happened to George Floyd had to do with his race when there was zero evidence of it. Police kill more whites every year than blacks.


They kill more unarmed whites every year than blacks. Most people couldn't name an unarmed white person because nobody cares. If an unwind white person gets killed, as my mother puts it, he's just a dead fly. But an unarmed black person gets killed Income. CNN income, the New York Times, they make a big deal out of it without any understanding whatsoever what's really going on. It's been studied for decades. The police are more hesitant, more reluctant to pull the trigger on a black person than a white person by far. It's a lie. There's a website called police mag.com And. they ask self-described very liberal people. How many unarmed black men did the police kill in 2019? 50% of the self-described unarmed Black people thought the 50 of the, of the unarmed, 50% of the self-described liberals thought the police killed 1000 unarmed black men.


In 2019, 8% thought they killed 10,000. What you ask about the regular liberal people, self-described 39% of self-described liberal people thought the police killed 1000 unarmed black men in 2019, 5% thought they killed 10,000. The answer according to the Washington Post database was 12. 12. That's the gap between what the left things is going on, but versus what is really going on. Which accounts for why we had four months of protests in the streets of America in 2020. So The the numbers you just cited were publicly available. They were, they were right there. Right there. But no one cited them except you and a few other people. So this is my last question and most important question before I bring Bobby Kennedy out.


What advice would you give to the people in this room since you are in that 100th of 1% of the population who says what he really thinks? How would you encourage people to have heart to do the same? What makes you different? Why are you able to just go on the website, see that it's incorrect, and just say it in public when most people are afraid to do that? What Advice? It's what? It's what you said in your monologue. Think for yourself. Use your own judgment. Be skeptical. Ingest the news in a discriminating way. The Media Research Center found that A-B-C-N-B-C-B-S 85% of their coverage was positive regarding Kamala Harris and, and, and Waltz.


93% of it was negative regarding Trump in Vance. And a BC News was the worst of 25 stories they've done since Kamala Harris became the presumptive nominee. 100% have been positive. 93% of the ones for Donald Trump have been negative. And a BC alone from C-B-S-N-B-C is the only one of those three that has never referred to Kamala Harris. As a liberal or even a progressive, you're being lied to use your own common sense. Use your own judgment and thank goodness for alternative sources of news like Tucker, like a Glen Beck. Think for yourself.


It's not that hard. Yourself not That's not that hard. Larry Elder, you're a hero. Thank you. You thank you. So as noted at the outset, I would like to ask this man to join us. Bobby, thank you for doing this. It's an so I I hate to ask you this 'cause it's almost too sensitive, but it just happened and so I can't, I I can't not ask you.


There was a second, appears to be a second assassination attempt on Donald Trump in just a couple months. What do you make of this? I don't know what to make. I, I mean I, I think we're seeing an impact, at least partially. I mean, I don't know if the, I just don't know enough about what's happened and I've been reading some of the internet stuff about the connections that this man may or may not have had to the intelligence agencies, et cetera. But I don't know what to make of it. I I do know that there's a, there's a, an antagonism and of violence in our society now that I feel is orchestrated.


I feel that we're living in a, And you remember a couple of years ago, And, they had the, the walls occupy Wall Street movement, And, they were trying to frame this debate as the 99% against the 1%. And I think, I feel like since then we've all been turned against each other where it's 50% against 50%. And at, you know, when the king and queen go out of the bast raids of their castle And, they look out across their people and they're all fighting each other.


They go back to the banquet hall And, they pop champagne corks 'cause they know nobody's coming over the wall against them. And Boy is that True. And I think so many of the, I mean, I I announced my campaign almost 18 months ago and what I said at that point is, I'm not gonna feed into the vitriol of the anger, the name calling, the demonization of my opponents. I'm gonna be civil to all of 'em. And I'm gonna try to identify values that all of Americans have in common rather than focusing on these smaller issues that are used.


The kind of culture issues that are used to keep us all at each other's throats. Because I, you know, I've watched what's happening in this country and there's all these systems that have been put in place to shift wealth and power upwards to clamp down totalitarian controls on the rest of us. And, they all kind of culminated during Covid where we saw all of our 3.3 million businesses shut down with no due process, no, just compensation. $4.3 trillion shifted from the American middle class to this new oligarchy that of billionaires we created during five, during 500 days, 500 new billionaires were, were created.


The 500 days, the lockdown and the American middle class has essentially been obliterated in this country. And so I think one of, and, and all this money is being shifted up to, you know, to BlackRock and State Street and Vanguard and the, the other big financial houses and big pharma and big tech and big ag and big, big food that are strip mining the American public of wealth, sucking it upward and, and leaving nothing below.


And the way that they keep that system in place that they keep us from doing anything about it is to keep us all hating on each other. And One, one of the things that I admire about you is that you have more children than I do, which is not that easy. You have a lot of children and you have made your campaign about them, which used to be a pretty conventional thing. Politicians would run on children, help the children, save the children. The next generation. You're one of the very few people who still talks like that. Explain if you would, because I think you're sincere when you talk about it, how children, your children and other people's children mine have inspired you to stay in politics when you could have just gone away and gone back to LA how, how my kids inspired me to do.


Yeah. You know, let me finish the thought that, that I think I left incomplete on that last question. I think the anger that we have at each other also turns into violence. And, you know, when my uncle was running for president, I mean, when my uncle was president in 1963, there was a tremendous anger that was coming out of the Civil Rights movement and other things that he was doing. Shutting down the, you know, the war against cash on the war against, against Russia was tremendous anger and poison. When he landed in Dallas on November 22nd, the, there was a full page ad in the, in the, the big newspaper in Dallas saying wanted dead or alive and with a picture of my uncle on it, And, there were posters all over the street that day.


And, there was, you know, my uncle was clearly killed by the CIA, but there were, but, but there was, there was also an anger that had been sewn across the American landscapes at that time that I think, you know, contributed to this atmosphere of violence that led to his death. Martin Luther King's death, my father's death five years later, and all the other assassinations that we saw during the 1960s. So, I, I just wanted to complete that thought. Well, but that was, I mean, that was over 60 years ago.


And that institution, you know, those files are still classified as you well know better than most, and those institutions remain intact. And except for one series of hearings in 1975, there's been no meaningful effort to reform them. And you sort of wonder like, at what point do we learn the truth about everything federal agencies have done with our money in our name, and at what point are they reformed? Yeah, I mean, I, I think it's really, you know, we pat, there's an act called the JFK Assassination Papers Act. It requires all those documents be released to the American public by 2018. All the documents pertaining to my uncle's death and President Trump, when he ran the first time in 2016, promised to release them.


And then he didn't, which always struck me as odd. And then President Biden ran promising to release them, and he didn't. I had the opportunity recently asked President Trump directly why he did not release them. And he said that Mike Pompeo called him and said, please do not let me relate. Make me the release. These, it, it, it is gonna be a calamity for our country. But President Trump says if he, at this time, if he, he's going to release them. And I believe that he will.


So can I, Can I ask why would, why would Mike Pompeo, who I, I don't think was even born or had just been born when your uncle was murdered, why would he have an interest in keeping those documents secret? Well, clearly it's not to protect any individual because the, virtually all the individuals who were directly involved in my uncle's death and many are, are now dead. And many of those have, you know, gave deathbed confessions or gave confessions of various kinds before they died. But it must, the only, I think the only supposition that is rational is that it's about protecting an institution.


And I think, you know, in the last tranche of documents that were released, and the New York Times even reported this, that which had in the times has been one of the major bul works against conspiracy theories that, you know, that depart from the single shooter Lee Harvey Oswald killed John Kennedy. They've been the big bull working against that. So it was extraordinary that they finally reported that Lee Harvey Oswald was a CIA asset. And that the CIA made went to great lengths to conceal that not only for the Warren Commission, and as most of you probably know, Alan Dulles, who was the head of the CIA, who my uncle fired after the Bay of Pigs, and then come back into public life to get himself appointed to the Warrant Commission.


And he was really the only commissioner that was there for every meeting. He was the only one that was paying attention. All of the other ones, like Chief Justice Warren was the Chief Justice Supreme Court. He had a full-time job. The other ones were congressmen and senators and other well-known individuals who were fully occupied by their work. The only one for whom it was a full-time job was Alan Dulles. And his function was to make sure that any questions about the CIA involvement were quashed. And he concealed the fact that Lee Harvey Oswald had been recruited into the agency in 1957 and 1958, and sent on a mission to Russia, which was a false affection mission, and then brought back to this country.


And so the first, and you know, many of us who've been studying the assassination knew this, but has never been reported in the mainstream press. And, and after that last tranche of documents was released five years ago, the New York Times finally, finally acknowledged that And, there may be other information related to to that, that they don't want released, but I have no idea what it is. So what does It take? I mean, you can't have a democracy in a system where the public has no idea what its government is doing. And that's what we have now. So how do you fix that? What would it take to actually bring transparency to the federal agencies? Yeah, I mean, let me answer that in a second.


But, but to follow up on your what you, you know, why this is important for democracy. My, when I was a kid, it was unthinkable that the United States government would lie to the American public. It was, it was in, it was just no American would believe that. And The first time, and, you know, we didn't, you know, there there'd been, there'd been this, this tremendous resistance to starting the CIA in this country. The OSS had, had been created, which is the first intelligence agency that we had during World War ii.


But Congress, both Republicans and Democrats were very, very reluctant to do it because they said secret police agencies are associated with totalitarian states. The Gestapo, the Stasi, SAK and Iran peep in, in Chile, and that, and the KGB in, in Russia. And that they're not something that are consistent. They're antithetical to democracies. You can't have them. They're inconsistent with the democracy. So they'd been very reluctant to do it. And then in 1948, and so they disbanded the OSS after World War ii, and then Truman became convinced that we had one weapon, really, which was the atomic bomb.


And he didn't wanna use that. And he wanted to be able to fight wars without getting involved in conventional wars. Wars. And so they created the CIA to do certain things, to do espionage, which is intelligence gathering in 1948. And Dulles had come in very early and change the function of the agency to be kind of a paramilitary agency, to fix elections, assassinate leaders, and do all the dirty tricks. My uncle fired him. But until when I was a kid who was just incomprehensible, the US government would lie, the first time Americans had inklings that the government would lie was in May of 1960, while my uncle was running for president.


And, and a U2 a secret CIA plane a U2 was not Air Force, it was CIA was shot down over Russia and the, the US government, it was a secret program. The, those planes flew so high and you could not see them with the naked eye. And we, nobody in the world knew that we had them. They were flying at 60 or 70,000 feet, and we believed they couldn't be shot down. In fact, there was a mole in Langley in the CIA who had given the plans to the U2 to the Russians, and it allowed them to shoot it down. And when they shot them down, the Russians accused us of violating their airspace.


And Alan Dulles told Eisenhower just lie about it because there's no way they have proof. And the pilot has committed suicide because they gave him a cyanide shot. And, they were under orders to kill themselves. Well, Gary Francis Powers had chickened out, and he had parachuted to the ground. And they had captured him. And the Russians didn't say that at first. They just made the accusation. Eisenhower at Dulles's advice went on national TV and told the world, the American public, this is a lie. The Russians are lying. We do not have this program. And then the Russians produced Gary Francis Powers and Americans for the first time said, oh my God, our president lied to us.


And it was shocking. I remember back then, and then when my uncle was killed, the Warren Commission report came out and about half the people in this country just said, that's not true. The government's lying. But they were dismissed as conspiracy theorists. And then in 1973, the Pentagon Papers were released. And that was 27 volumes of thousands and thousands of systematic lies. And US government officials, including presidents, had been lying to the American people. And that's when everybody just said, oh, they lie all the time. And then, and then, you know, since then, we've now been convinced.


I think most of the people in this room believe that at any time a government official tells you anything, if his lips are moving, he's lying to you. The most interesting and newsworthy television show of the year is coming here to TCN We are not bragging. That's actually true. The President's been shot, I repeat. The president's been shot. So, our longtime producer, Justin Wells and a team have been embedded with no publicity at all with Donald Trump on the campaign trail for months. You're the only crew capturing what is going on on the campaign in real time intimately. They're with Trump as he campaigns for the presidency across the country, and they've shot some amazing footage.


It shows you what it's really like in there. So if you're a member, you'll soon be able to get this docuseries covering the historic campaign. The Fall of Joe Biden Never before is seen footage from the assassination attempt at the Butler Township Pennsylvania Trump rally. and a lot more, it's gonna pull back the curtain completely. They are embedded inside the campaign. I can't wait to see it personally, but to get it first, go to Tucker Carlson dot com, become a member, the greatest television event of the year. We're proud to offer it.


Close your eyes and picture something cheesy and delicious, something satisfying. Ready in three and a half minutes, like a craft mac and cheese cup, available now at a store near you.


Get softer, smoother, and more even tone skin after just one use. With the new gentle exfoliating line from Cetaphil formulated with a unique triple acid blend that promotes surface skin cell renewal. These gentle chemical exfoliators remove dead skin cells and refined skin's texture while hydrating, resulting in softer, smoother, more even looking skin. Shop the new Cetaphil gentle exfoliating line in the face and body aisles at your local target store or online@cetaphil.com.


So why did so many people fall for the COD lies? I I, you know, I think that the covid, the covid was, was, was in, i, I won't say the whole thing was a op, but there was a zop accompanying covid and And. they were manipulating. They were, they were using these, you know, we are hardwired in our reptilian core of our brain to when we're encountered something fearful to retreat into authorities, into authorities that are gonna protect us.


And those buttons were being pushed full time. We were seeing on the CNN the Chirons, every 20 minutes, the new death counts from Covid, the, the, the announcers on tv. And by the way, television and radio and newspapers were calling all of that time. When we, when we made that big departure, and the government really started systematically lying to us, which I think began with the Warren Commission report. And that's why I think we have to go back and really get the answers on that, to write the ship. But during many of those years, the, the press was calling government on its lies.


But during covid, they completely stopped And. they were going along with it. And if you tried, if any of us tried to say, well, wait a minute, you know, like I, in in May of 2020, I said, all the government agencies were saying the vaccines are gonna prevent transmissions. And I said on my, my Instagram account, the monkey studies show that they cannot prevent transmission. I didn't say that because I was guessing it, or I was, you know, paranoid. I was reading the monkey studies and the monkey studies. They had given the vaccines to half the monkeys And, they had given a placebo to the other half And.


they all got covid And, they all got the same amount of ne of concentrations in their nasal pharynx is I reported those studies, which were their studies. And I got thrown off of Instagram and called a conspiracy thes. Oh, you had all the prat. And then, and as you know, as you know, for the next year, they were telling us, you gotta get this because it's gonna protect grandma. Right? You remember when they were telling us that And, they knew it was a lie, and yet all the press went along with it. And everybody else, and, and I think, you know, Americans were, most Americans were terrified.


I, I'll tell you, you and I have talked in the past about, about the CIA program called MK Ultra. So the CIA during the 1950s and 1960s developed all of these programs to do social controls, to control individuals and populations. They were, they were trying to develop, for example, Manchu candidates, an unwilling assassin using hypnosis, using psycho psychedelic drugs, using torture, using isolation, sensory deprivation, all kinds of methods that they were exploring not only for manipulating individuals, but manipulating entire populations.


How do you get populations to comply? And the tho that, that group of of studies was called mk, MK Naomi, MK Dietrich MK ultra MK stands for mind control. And that's what they were looking for, ways to control people's minds and perceptions. And one of the studies that they funded was a study called the Millgram Experiment that took PA place at Yale. And it was a young associate professor named Stanley Millgram. And he brought about 70 subjects into this experiment.


They were from every walk of life. They were black and white. They were students, they were professors, they were business people from the community, every kind of person. And he would sit the subject at the table, And. there was a person in next room who was invisible to them, but who they could hear. They said, they were told that person is strapped to a chair and that he will give, be given an electric shot. When you tell, when you twist this dial, the subject would be told to twist the dial. Dr. Millgram was there with a white lab coat and all these kind of ornaments that, that bespoke his authority and his trustworthiness.


And he would tell them, turn it up, turn it down, turn it up. And when they turned it up, they could hear the person struggling, screaming, pleading. And a lot of the subjects would say to Dr. Millgram, I don't want to do it again. And he would tell them, do it anyway. Some of them began crying because they did not want it twisted up, but 67% of them turned it up to 250 volts where it was marked potentially lethal. And what Dr. Milgram says is, you guy You can look this up. Gram experiment on Wikipedia. I wouldn't believe Wikipedia, anything you read in Wikipedia, but this thing is actually true.


And the, and 67% turned it up to, to potentially fatal. And what Milgram concluded was that a figure of authority can persuade people. The average person, 67% of people do override their most closely and fundamentally held values and do things that they know are totally wrong if they're told to do that by authority. And during the C-O-V-I-D-I felt like we were all involved in a giant milligram experiment where we had a medical doctor, Which doctor, to be more specific.


Well, we had Dr. Fauci, we all know, and, and Who was telling us to do things that we knew were wrong. And, and he knew they were wrong. He would say, one week masks don't work privately and publicly. And two weeks later, everybody put 'em on, everybody put two of them on. And and he, he would say, you know, he said very publicly that if you got, if you get an infectious respiratory illness, you do not need a vaccination. And yet he changed his mind and he said that the best vaccine You can have is to have to have the disease.


There's nothing better. You'll never beat it. Then he said, even if you've had it, you need to get the shot. So they were telling us things that they knew were wrong, but we, we were doing it because it was an authority telling us. And then, and it also, there's another phenomena that anybody who disagrees with that authority becomes the enemy. They become dangerous. They have to be silenced. Now, the good news is that 33% of the people in the Milgram experiment got up and walked out. And those people, people in this room right now, that's, that's the people here right now.


So how do you break this spell? So I just think it's, I, the most interesting thing about you, if I can say as an outsider watching carefully, is you don't need to do any of this. You've suffered great personal cost, I would say certainly in prestige in the world that you've grown up in and Banned From the New York Times. And people call you crazy, but you do it anyway. So I love crazy. No, but it's, it's true. So, and you've taken a lot of heat from, you know, people who are close to you, but you do it anyway. Do you think that telling the truth out loud is enough to break the Milgram experiment? Spell?


Yeah. I mean, I, I think that's how we break it enough. People have to say, we're not gonna do that. And if, if, and when you do it mean, there's a couple of rules about totalitarian systems. One is any, any power that the government takes away from us, it will never relinquish voluntarily. Rule number two, any power that the government takes from us, it will ultimately abuse the greatest extent possible. And number three, nobody ever complied their way out of totalitarianism.


You have to resist What powers does the government now have that it didn't have 10 years ago? Well, they have the power now to, to revoke all of our constitutional rights. So, and you know, that sounds like hyperbole, but think about it. They, they figured out, you know, the, the most important right is freedom of speech. And Hamilton, Madison and Adam said, we put that in the first amendment, freedom of expression because all the other rights are dependent on it. And I've said this to you before Docker than any government that has the power to silence.


Its critics has license for any atrocity, And. they knew that. So they put it first. And we saw this dynamic during Covid. As soon as they realized that they could silence us. They, they could censor doctors, they could censor scientists, they could censor individuals who were injured. They could stop them from talking about their injuries. They could stop parents from talking about their children's injuries. They did all these things to us, and we put up with it, and the press went along with it very shamefully. They became, they became, they, they became vehicles stenographers for government propaganda.


And we all went along with it. And then what did they do? They immediately went after the other leg of the First Amendment was freedom of religion. They closed every church in this country for a year. How could you imagine, can you imagine if somebody told you five years ago, the government's gonna close every church in this country? You would say there's no way that that's gonna happen. And yet it happened. And, they went after the third leg of the First Amendment, which is freedom of assembly with these social distancing mandates that had no scientific basis. And, they went after the Fifth Amendment, which is property rights. They shut down 3.3 million businesses with no due process.


No just compensation, no public hearing, no environmental impact statement, no notice and comment, rulemaking, all of the, all of the, the, the procedures that guaranteed democracy and the regulatory process were abandoned. And you just had one guy, a 50 year bureaucrat who's never been elected to anything who says, shut down all your businesses, shut down the small businesses, but keep Target and Walmart open and shut down the churches, but keep the liquor stores open and keep Facebook and you know, all the people who are, who are cooperating with the government, Facebook, Instagram, Google, and who are censoring speech for us.


Keep all them open and shut down all the little guys. And, you know, and destroyed our communities. We put up with it. Then they, then they got rid of jury trials. The Seventh Amendment says, no American shall be denied the right of a trial before a jury of his peers in case of controversies exceeding $25 in value. Well, there's no pandemic exception. There is no epidemic exception. And yet they said, shut down. You know, shut down the, any corporation, any hospital, any doctor who injure you, negligently, recklessly without who was involved in applying a countermeasure cannot be sued no matter how eg grievous their, their, their behavior, no matter how egregious your injury.


And for the first time. So these are all, and then the Fourth Amendment guarantees against the illegal searches and seizures, you know, was all completely abandoned with these track and trace surveillance measures that we were all subjected to where you had to give your medical records before you leave your home. So virtually all of the rights in the Constitution except the Second Amendment, and probably because there is a Second Amendment, I was the only one they didn't mess with, but all the other ones they got rid of. So if you're asking, you know, what's changed? That's what's changed now.


He said to us, oh, we're gonna give all those back to you And. they did. So today we have those back, but they've established this very, very dangerous president where if, if there's another emergency, and you know, they can cook up a pandemic anytime they want, as with gain of function is all about And. they, and, and anytime if there's the next, the Monkeypox pandemic or the Dengue pandemic or you know, or the Ebola pandemic that are all in the pipeline, and those happen, we again, are gonna be asked to abandon all of our rights. And most people are gonna put up with it.


And yeah, not all people. So what happens when there is an a the next emergency? And maybe it's not, maybe it's a war. Maybe it's a war, maybe it's, maybe it's an economic collapse. Well, that's right. So how do we respond when we're told to abandon the Bill of Rights, our birthright? How do we respond? As I said, we resist, resist, resist the, the constitu, the Constitution was written for hard times.


It wasn't written for easy times. It was written for hard times. And you know, And and I I've said this to you before, Tucker, that during the American Revolution there were, there were, there were two large epidemics, one of them an malaria epidemic that, that decimated the armies of Virginia. And then there was a smallpox epidemic that decimated the army of New England. At the very time at Benedict Arnold, who was our greatest general, our greatest military strategist during the war, had captured the city of Montreal and captured Canada. And, and because of the smallpox epidemic of the American troops, he didn't have the manpower to hold the city and had to withdraw otherwise.


Canada today would be part of the United States, and the, the framers of the Constitution knew that. And between the end of the revolution and 1792, when we ratified the Bill of Rights, through that 10 year period, there were epidemics in every city in our country, malaria epidemic, smallpox, yellow fever, cholera, typhus, typhoid that killed tens of thousands of people decimated population. All the framers knew about that, but they did not put an epidemic exception in the United States Constitution. And during the Civil War, there were, the confederates were sending agents, provocateur, northward into US cities to drum up draft riots.


And those draft riots were threatening the entire structure of, of union society and the military efforts. And Abraham Lincoln, in an effort to avert anymore draft riots, began arresting these confederate agent provocateurs when they came into the northern cities before they did anything wrong, that was a violation of habeas corpus. But he said, we've gotta do it because it's, it's vital for the, the life of our nation. At that time, over 600,000 Americans had died in the Civil War, and it, it's the equivalent of, of 12 to 15 million people dying today.


And our country was being torn apart, and we didn't know if it was gonna survive. So the life of the nation was at stake. And that case, that habeas corpus, his habeas corpus declaration was challenged in the Supreme Court. And justice Roger Taney said, you can't do it, even if the life of the nation is at stake, even if tens of thousands of lives are at stake, you can't do it. It is the constitution, it was written for hard times. There isn't, is no circumstance in which it can be waived. And I think that we all have to remember that. Tucker, can I do, do you foresee, you said resist, resist, resist.


I remember growing up, you know, nonviolent resistance in the name of civil liberties was considered a great virtue, the most American of all virtues. I don't hear that anymore. But is that what you foresee? I would say, you know, that's, we all have a duty to do that. We all all have a duty to resist in whatever way is gonna be most effective in resisting the tyranny. And, you know, and, and we, you know, right now, Tucker, it's really more important than ever because, and it's gonna take more courage than ever. And it'll probably take, you know, whatever it's gonna take, it's gonna take more than we've ever given.


And the reason for that is because of the emergence of all of these new technologies for surveillance and control. And we all know about them. I mean, we, you know, that ai, the emergence of AI is gonna allow the intelligence agencies, powerful entities, not only to control us, but to warp our vision, our, our understanding of reality. And we already have all of the, it's been the ambition of every totalitarian system in the history of mankind to control every aspect of human behavior, our interactions with each other, our relationships, our communications, our transactions, our movements, the books we read, the, our, our letters to each other, communications with each other.


Of course, they've never been able to do that, but now they can, they can look at everything and, you know, you all have had this experiment experience. I, you know, I, two years ago, my wife and I, in the privacy of our bedroom, we're talking about the fact that our mattress was, was, was becoming saggy. The next morning, both of us got three mattress ads on our cell phones. And that's when it brought it home to me that, you know, they're listening to everything we say all the time. Did you replace the mattress? I replaced my cell phone.


Tucker. Nice. You know, we have all these devices. You have GPS, a lot of you are wearing GPS watches. We have GPS in our cell phone that is tracking us all the time. If GPS in our car, there's facial recognition systems with, there are now permits issued, or 415,000 low altitude satellites that are going to circle the globe or that are stationary across the globe all the time. Bill Gates, this company has 65,000 permits for satellites. He says his company alone, his company alone, is gonna be able to look at every square inch of the earth 24 hours a day.


So, and you know, we all have Siri and Alexis in our home. See, we, you know, it's very convenient, but Siri is not working for you. Siri is working for Bill Gates and for, you know, for these companies that are monetizing the data. And every time you cough, every time you sneeze, every time your baby cries, Siri knows it. And that's being logged somewhere. All these communications, our conversations with each other are all being locked. This isn't paranoid. These are corporations are doing this because they're mining our data in order to monetize it. But the same companies that are mining our data are also sharing that data with the NSA and all of it's stored somewhere.


And, you know, for all the reasons that we've always, human beings have been in democracies, have been paranoid about government keeping track of their, you know, private conversations of their personal interactions. You know, we need to be worried about that today. And all of these, all of these technologies mean that the, you know, it's gonna be very, very difficult for us to hold on to our constitutional rights in the, in the coming decades. And particularly if, I think if President Trump lose this election and Kamala Harris wins, I think, I don't think there's any consciousness in the Democratic party that this is a bad thing.


I think the Democratic Party now believes the Construc no longer trust the public. They don't trust the demo most, they believe that the public needs to be controlled, that the information we get needs to be controlled. It has to be censored that the big, you know, threat to us is disinformation and misinformation, which is, is anybody who tells you that is lying to you. Anybody who tells you that is trying to manipulate you, But You're a, you're a big person. You can make up your own mind about what is true and not true. And my kids do it. I say to my kids, look at this, look at this, this, this posting on Instagram where, you know, the, the dog is eating the alligator and they're like, dad, you, you need to fact check that.


So everybody, everybody knows that you gotta do research, right? And that you don't believe everything you read on the internet. Louis Brandeis, our chief, our ju justice, the Supreme Court justice, the remedy for bad information is more information is never censorship. Censorship is a way to control Bobby. Speaking of President Trump, you've endorsed him for a number of reasons, but he did give us operation warp speed. To what degree do you hold hold him culpable force to coming to the fear you've talked about?


Well, I, I absolutely hold them culpable. But here's what, and for a lot of other things, you know, that I disagreed with in the first Trump administration, I, you know, I didn't like seeing Scott Gottlieb cash in at FDA and Alex Azar running HHS and, you know, oil lobbyists running the interior department, coal lobbyists running EPA con telecommunication lobbyists, running, running the FFCC, et cetera. I talked to President Trump at length about this and he said, look, when I get elected in 2016, I didn't know how to govern. And to tell you the truth, it was kind of surprising that we got it won the election.


And he said, I wa I was immediately inundated by lobbyists and business people, And, they werere all saying, you point this guy, point that guy, point that guy. And he said, I did it and I wish I am. And, and you know, and he, he understands that Scott Gottlieb was cashing in and he did a hundred billion dollar favor for Pfizer and then went back to work for Pfizer on his board of directors. And, you know, and so I think that President Trump has said to me that we're gonna do something different this time. And that's why, that's why, And that's why he launched the transition team five months before he takes power.


The last time he did his transition team, he started in January, he's now launched and I'm on it. Tulsi iss on it, you know, Donald Jr is on it. And you know, a lot of, i I had an impression that Donald Jr was kind of a lightweight and, but I've gotten to know him and he's exactly the opposite of that. He's very thoughtful, he's really well-informed and he understands who the bad guys are. He does not like the neocons. He does not like the constant wars.


He does not, he does. He wants to restore public health. He loves the environment, he loves the rivers and the streams and the waterways. And he wants to protect those things. And, you know, I have nothing but respect for him. And it's a, you know, there's a lot of really, really good energy that is part of this transition team now. So, So that, that leads to my, to my, I agree with your assessment of John Jr completely. And then, as you know, having lived around famous people your whole life, the perceptions of people are sometimes accurate, sometimes are the opposite of what you're told. Yeah. And he's definitely in that category.


How do you envision your role, your role in a Trump administration? You know, I, president Trump has asked me specifically to do two things. One, to help unravel the, the, the capture of the agencies by, by corrupt influence. In other words, to drain the swamp. And, you know, I I, I had say something about President Trump. President Trump has some extraordinary gifts and one of them is that he has very, very good instincts.


And that when he came out the first time you remember, he was very against the lockdowns publicly. He was for hydroxychloroquine. He, he was, he was for alternative medicines. He was, he was against the mass he was doing, but he got, but all of his, he was surrounded by bureaucrats who, and, you know, knowledgeable experts who, you know, ultimately pushed back on those assumptions and get him, got him, you know, got us into some policies that I think were really bad for our country. He's not gonna do that again.


And his in, and he wanted to end the wars. He said back then, we don't wanna go into Ukraine war. I'd rather make a deal than have a war. So I think that, and he's asked me to do that and he's asked me, help him end the childhood disease, chronic disease epidemic, and make Americans healthy again. And if given the power to do that, what'll you do? You may Well, I, that's unclear 'cause there's no, you know, at this point I'm, thank you. I'm, I I, like I said, I'm on the transition committee, And, there is no there.


I don't, we don't have an, you know, I, I don't have a post for myself that's picked out. I know that I'm gonna be deeply involved in helping to choose the people who are, who are, who can run FDA and NIH and CDC in a way that restores public health rather than, rather than, Can you imagine if you're at FDA or NIH and Bobby Kennedy, all of a sudden gonna be, I mean, they must be dying. They must be dying.


But I, I'll bring in people to run those agencies. Like Callie means, like Casey means, and You think they're Gonna come mean They have nightmares about that. Yeah. Yeah, they should. Yeah. And. they should. Bobby Kennedy, thank you. May they have more nightmares. Larry Elder, thank you very much. The big tech companies censor our content. I hate to tell you that it's still going on in 2024. But you know what? They can't censor live events.


And that's why we are hitting the road on a fall tour for the entire month of September coast to coast. We'll be in cities across the United States. We'll be in Rosenberg, Texas with Jesse Kelly Grand Rapids, with Kid Rock, Hershey, Pennsylvania, with JD Vance Reding, Pennsylvania, with Alex Jones, Fort Worth, Texas with Roseanne Barr Greenville, South Carolina, with Marjorie Taylor Green Sunrise, Florida with John Rich Jacksonville, Florida with Donald Trump. Jr You can get tickets at Tucker Carlson dot com. Hope to see you there. Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made.


The complete library, Tucker Carlson com.