
Every day. Thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists, like Kunle put people at the heart of everything they create In the average household. There are dozens of connected devices here in the Comcast family. We're building an integrated in-home wifi solution for millions of families like my own. It brings people together in meaningful ways. Kunle and his team are building a wifi experience that connects 1 billion devices every year. Learn more about how Comcast is redefining the future of connectivity@comcastcorporation.com slash wifi.


So you ran OMB before, and You don't have to comment on this. It sounds like you are very likely to run OMB again. Tell us what OMB is for those who aren't from Washington, what it does and, and what you would do with it. So, OMB is the nerve center of the federal government, particularly the executive branch. So it has the ability to turn on and off any spending within the Office Of Management and Budget. Office of Management and Budget has the ability to turn off the spending that's going on at the agencies. It has all the regulations coming through it to assess whether it's good or bad or too expensive, or it could be done a different way or what does The president think?


And then all of government execution. So anytime you have cabinet executive branches conflicting with each other or working together on something, for instance, you know, the wall president wanted to fund the wall. We, at OMB gave him a plan to be able to go and fund the wall through money that was the Department of Defense. And to use that because Congress wouldn't give him the ordinary money at the Department of Homeland Security. So it really is Presidents use OMB to tame the bureaucracy, the administrative state.


Welcome to Tucker Carlson Show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else. And they're not censored, of course, because we're not gatekeepers. We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly. Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's the episode. It was really pioneered honestly, by FDR and then President Nixon also was really learning from FDR on how to use it to tame the, the bureaucracy. And we would've seen that. Did he Create the office Roosevelt? The, the office was formally the Bureau of the Budget for last a hundred years, right? And then Nixon renames it Office of Management and Budget, and it becomes kind of more of a statutory thing, reporting directly to The president no longer within treasury.


And so since then you've had it still there. Still really important, viewed by the country, largely as a, a budget cutting exercise. But it is, it, it is the president's most important tool to dealing with the bureaucracy administrative state. And you know, the, the, the nice thing about President Trump is he knows that And he knows how to use it effectively. So you, you can't get any of your domestic policy done without OMB it sounds like. No, you, you will be in a situation where you will have at best really awesome cabinet secretaries who are dealing on, sitting on top of massive bureaucracies that largely don't do what they tell them to do.


And you have to have statutory tools at your disposal that force that bureaucracy from the White House to get in line. And that is really the main thing that OMB can accomplish. In addition to what everyone would think of from a budget office, which is, yeah, you cut spending, you figure out how to deal with your fiscal finances and all of that. You're making me anxious. I mean, I can't handle a disobedient dog. I can't imagine what a disobedient federal agency looks like. How, how resistant are they to democracy? They're incredibly resistant. I mean, think about Ukraine and The president in that first term, wanted to caught off funding for Ukraine.


Why? Because it's a corrupt country. And we didn't know how it was gonna be spent. It was totally normal policy process to go through that the people lost their minds about. But the bureaucracy was literally just ignoring it. And, and, and quite frankly, his political appointees like John Bolton were ignoring him as well. And what we then did at OMB was I had been personally told, look, you know, I want the money cut off until we can figure out where it's going. And we cut the money off and, and, and it, it was like all hell broke loose within the bureaucracy. We got impeached. Yeah. And so, I mean, like, yeah. And so you have the ability at that point to come bring them, to come to heal and to do what The president has been telling them to do.


And we can do that in foreign aid. We can do that all sorts of places. It's kind of crazy if, I mean, everything you're saying I'm familiar with, but if you think about it, that's the end of democracy because the only authority in the executive branch comes from The president and the vice president also elected, but it comes from voters through as expressed through elections. So bureaucrats and the federal agency and appointees in the federal agency have no authority to act independently that I'm under our constitution. Do They? No. And this is really, the left has innovated over a hundred years to create this fourth branch of an administrative state. I might you and I might call it the regime, this administrative state that is totally unaccountable to The president that lets it move in the direction that it has been going.


But The president Is accountable to voters, so members of Congress. And the system is designed that way. That's why we say it's a, a democracy or constitutional republic because the voters convey, bestow the authority on their leaders. And so this seems not only illegal their behavior, but unconstitutional. I mean, at the most basic level, unconstitutional. Now, Totally unconstitutional. And if you would've seen Woodrow Wilson bemoan our constitutional system, he would've wanted constitutional amendments. The left stopped talking about constitutional amendments because they innovated to this new fourth branch, which is totally different than anything the founders would've ever understood.


The, the notion of independent agencies that think of, of, and, and Congress has designed them to be divorced from The President. But even the notion of like, this is, this is a, we're we're supposed to be technocrats and experts, and we don't have to listen to what you, what you say we work for. And I caught this tucker. People would say, well, we, we work for the office of The President. Huh? What, what is that? That it's a way. And where does It get its authority? They get their authority. They, they have essentially taken authority, Right? They have no legitimate Authority. They have no legitimate authority in the Constitution. But they are part of this, this fourth branch that I still believe reports in, in large measure to congressional leadership and, and in the K street interest, right?


You have very powerful interests that direct them to keep going in the direction that they want them to go. It's why these bills are written in such a way that they are anything you could read anything in into them, right? When, when Nancy Pelosi says, we're gonna find out what the bill says, she wasn't actually being inaccurate. That's their strategy. They pass bills and then they let the experts fill them in. But over the phone, they put massive pressure on them to go along with their, their directions and their ends. And lo and behold, you get conservatives, republicans that take office, and then you find that it's incredibly difficult to wield power to get them to deal with all of that muscle memory, to get them to do what you want.


And so you gotta have statutory authority that a president kind of steps in and says, I am fully aware of where I sit in the constitution. I am fully aware of the tools at my disposal, and I'm going to use them on behalf of the American people because I just want a massive agenda setting election, and I'm gonna go do what I said I would do. That's democracy. Correct? That is democracy. That is not oligarchy. And when they say we're gonna preserve democracy, we know that they have been meaning all they they want to do is preserve their kind of amorphous, oligarchy, administrative deep state. I, I don't think that's an overstatement at all. I mean, I just think, I don't even see the counter argument against what you just said.


So let's just, if you don't mind walking us through what happened in the example that you gave Ukraine. So you just said The president comes into office in 2017 and says, why are we sending all this money to Ukraine? Where's it going? There's no audit. We don't know. It's the most corrupt country in Europe. One of the most corrupt in the world. Maybe we should find out. We don't know. Okay. We're cutting off till we know. I think that's what you said. And then the agencies are like, no, we're gonna continue to fund Ukraine. How do they do that? They ignore The president and they're, and, and, and officials ignore The president. And I think one of the things you'll see in this, this next Trump term, is policy officials, his political appointees that are not looking to get out of what he has clearly told them to do.


Right? So let's, let's assume that issue is solved, but at the bureaucratic level, The the issue, I, I think what you're saying is let's assume that he appoints people who agree with him and we'll do what he asks. Correct. Okay. So for instance, my staff is, was part of the, what we call the policy process, right? Where you would go and you defend the, and you would articulate what you're trying to accomplish. And we had put the hold on the, the Ukraine funding, and my guy goes to the, the all of these meetings And he's like literally the only one in the room that wants to do what The president has asked him to do. Everyone's kind of just ganging up on him. And that is, think of that often for all of our political appointees, they are surrounded by people that have no idea about what the reasons and the agenda that The president has been put in office.


And they're just bombarded with reasons of how can you do this? What are you thinking? Did you know that this is you, you can't do this. Most of the time that's not true. And so you have to cut through all of that and to have the courage of your convictions. And quite frankly, Tucker, the knowhow to know, to have read the law, to exactly get in the granular details yourselves, to not be staffed by your, your, your people working for you, you, this notion that You can just come in and preside is not true. You, you have to, you have to be in the weeds and to drive these agencies to be able to fix where we have, you know, the, the undergrowth and the muscle memory that we've had for decades.


So why can't you just, so if The president says, again, to refer to your example, I don't think we should be funding Ukraine. I'm elected, we're gonna cut this off. If Congress wants to fund Ukraine, they can go ahead and do that, but the agencies are not gonna fund Ukraine. So why wouldn't you just fire the people who disobey, who, who try to subvert democracy? You've gotta know how to fire them. And there are tools to do that. And The president was, was innovating in that space himself with what's called Schedule F of essentially saying, if you work for me in your policy, a career official, think your attorneys who are writing regulations, then we're gonna create a new classification for you.


And you are, you are gonna be what most of the country is, which is at will employee. That's where we were headed. But there was also ways that Why I don't understand a system where a president, any President o Obama, Biden Donald Trump comes in and doesn't have control of the executive branch because constitutionally, he does have condo. So, so like, how come you can't fire them? Why is it just not as simple as saying you're fired? It should be, and this is one of the, the, the mountains of the administrative state. You know, this is the, this is how they have built their, their, their institution by essentially having a it to be incredibly difficult to hire and fire employees.


And so I'll give you another example. When The president decided to take money from defense to build the wall, we had clear legal grounds to do it that congress had given us, it's called transfer authority. And I told this to the hill obvi, and obviously this was controversial, it shouldn't have been controversial. Congress had given us very clear transfer authority. I must have had at least three times someone re-litigate that decision from the career staff who work at OMB. Are you sure? Are you sure? I think we should oppose, I think this 'cause guys, the decision has been made, execute the decision. And you see that everywhere, right?


And, and if you don't, if you don't drive it, you're gonna get better. You're, you're not gonna be able to accomplish what The president needs you to. How about If you were just to start the meeting with any, okay, this is how democracy works. The people elect a leader, he carries out their will. Anyone standing in the way of that is subverting democracy. We will not allow that. Anyone who does that is fired instantly. Could you do that and just say you're fired for unconstitutional behavior? You Can do that increasingly when you move towards a Schedule F system. And, And there are other tools in the toolbox to, But under the current system, what would happen if you tried that? If you just lawsuits, lawsuits, Lawsuits. Yeah. But if you fire 'em all, Look, you've got a lot of tools on the table and It's just so infuriating.


It is, Look, it is the one of the most infuriating things that you could possibly imagine. But I think that that the, the, the good news, and this is I think the good news, not just in hiring, firing the good news at large, is that most of the time they have been able to get as far as they can because of just, it is the way it is. It's precedent and laws that are not drafted precisely, but purposely vague. And as a result, we can then do it in reverse. You can have a president who kinda steps in and says, you know what? There's no constitutional amendment for me to take control of the administrative state. I'm gonna do in reverse everything that you have done.


And I think that is the great hope. What you need is people who are able to absorb political heat, they don't have a fear of conflict. They can execute under withering enemy fire. They are up to speed And they are no nonsense in their own ability to know what must be done. And they are unbelievably committed to The president and his agenda and believed and truly believe in their bones that they're not there for their own agenda. They're there for what President Trump was elected to do. And so his commander's intent matters a great deal. And that's the the view that I always had Tucker, is how do I get in the mind of The president to think through what is he trying to accomplish?


And then I'm gonna go figure out how to do it. Yeah. Because once again, he is the authority and no one else does. 'cause only he was elected. And I just, I'm fixated on this question of like, where do career bureaucrats think they derive the authority to make these decisions? Like who made them? God, I think it's very, no one ever asked that question in DC or considered a freak if you do. But I think it's a key question. So one of the problems that you had last time was the media. Explain how that works, how the media works in conjunction with the permanent state and the Congress to thwart The president. Well, I think number one, they are always frame framing narratives and messages that both are lies and are also designed to destabilize the Republicans in control who wanna be for however that narrative is being framed.


You used one already with democracy, right? If you're not aware that when they say democracy, they mean oligarch. You're like, I don't want to be anti-democratic. Right? Actually, the whole point is preserving democracy. It's what we just did. And you know, if you, if you have a plan to deal with the administrative state and then they frame it as authoritarian, you, you, you don't wanna cast of your own allies saying, I don't wanna be anti-authoritarian. We saw this in Covid, right? Where We, If they decide if they define something as anti-science or anti-public health, it causes our political appointees to just completely wilt. And so that's, I think the beauty of President Trump is these kind of immune to these, these media generated narratives that conflict with common sense reality that I think is the main one because that's, that is their, that is controlling the skies from a military standpoint, right?


Like that is their ability to, to, to shape the conversation in such a way that it makes it very hard. Number two, they're obviously working in conjunction with, with leakers and, and, and individuals with knowhow to know, you know, when a hold has been put on Ukraine to be able to send that and have it explode in the public arena. And so you have to, you have to be prevent leaks, you have to govern well from the get go to be able to manage all of that as best you possibly can. And, but I I also think there's an opportunity there because they will, they will, they will report on conflict.


They will report on confrontation. And when you, when they do that, You can get the word out as to what you're doing. At least You can get the word out on, on shows like this. And in the, the new and developing ecosystem. Well, that's kind of it right there. I mean, that was the base of my question. I do think things have changed, right? I mean, if you still care what the New York Times or Washington Post say, or Ken Delaney to NBC news, like, I hope you're not working there. Right? Right, right. Do you think anybody still cares what they think? No, I, I, the, the, the whole ball game has shifted, right? Like, I don't even know why you would do many of these interviews at all. Because if you can't get, you know, you've gotta be able to get your words out without just complete combativeness.


And the, I think the, The best example is remember the, the Kaitlyn Collins interview with President Trump. I mean, it just constant interrupting and misuse of, you know, lies actually, right? And so like, that's the kind of thing that you're up against, but You can shape 'em, You can particularly the print media. And I think there are, you know, I think it's important to at least attempt to do that. But you have to make the measure of the person that you're dealing with. And sometimes they're just, you know, they're, they're, they're complete activists


themself. Do You remember when Democrats used to refer to abortion as something that should be safe, legal, and rare? Well, they've changed their view on that. It went from a right to a sacrament. This isn't the pro-choice movement you may remember from 30 years ago. This is something much darker. And that's why we have joined forces with PreBorn. They're a sponsor of the show and of our speaking tour to do something about us, the largest pro-life organization in the United States. And they are doing what they should do, which is speaking up against this atrocity killing babies after birth. No one seems to have the bravery to call that wrong, which it is. But PreBorn is calling it out. Their networks of clinics are positioned in the highest abortion areas in the country, And they've rescued 300,000 babies. When a woman considering an abortion searches to end her baby's life, PreBorn is there. The power of ultrasound combined with the love of God doubles the baby's chance of being born. A single ultrasound costs 28 bucks, five ultrasounds are 140 bucks, giving women the information they need to make the decision that many of them actually want to make to have a baby. Any gift will help and all gifts are tax deductible to donate securely. Go to PreBorn dot com slash tucker or call pound two 50 on your phone. And when asked, use the word baby,


I can say to my new Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra, Hey, find a keto friendly restaurant nearby and text it to Beth and Steve and it does without me lifting a finger so I can get in more squats anywhere I can. 1, 2, 3. Will that be cash or credit? Credit? Four Galaxy S 25 Ultra, the AI companion that does the heavy lifting. So You can do you get yours@samsung.com compatible. Select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input, check responses for accuracy.


It does seem, I wanna ask you about the Intel agencies. It does seem like one of the main vectors of control is briefings and the number of people I've spoken to, Congress executive branch are like, oh, no, no, no, if you only got the briefing, I think I lived there too long. I just don't believe the briefing. You know, maybe sometimes they're accurate, sometimes they're not. But they're almost always designed to control the person being briefed. Did you see that? I did. And I've very rarely ever learned anything particularly interesting in brief. Is that true? Yeah. They didn't tell you who killed Kennedy. Huh? They did not. Right. And so, you know, I think I came away with this, the similar skepticism of these briefings and the information and the over classification in the system.


Yes. They classify everything and you're really reading this thing and you're like, you, you realize that's all just normal stuff that's out in a congressional research Service. Yeah. It's on Twitter, so Yeah. Right. And so like, so I think that's a huge thing that we've gotta fix, you know, over classification and system. But I think they, they both create this environment where it's very exclusive. They are trying to bring you into their kind of priestly role. So that No, I I saw the briefing. If you had seen the briefing would Exactly, you would, you would be okay with us not having A-F-I-S-A warrant requirement. Exactly. Right. You would be okay with us just another a hundred billion dollars for Ukraine.


Just, we just, we can't have Ukraine fall that none of it's is, is, is, is is rigorous analysis. And honestly, I think that's the biggest thing that I was bemoaning is the extent to which rigorous analysis that I thought would be there wasn't there. And What, what do you mean by rigorous analysis? I don't expect people to agree with me constantly. Right. I want to, I want to, I want well prepared memos that Right. That may that have a conviction to them. Yes. And then support them. It's not, these are not like I'm gonna plant the flag. Yeah. And then we can dev divide. We can just see, okay, who's right?


Who's that? Who has better supporting? No, no. It's like I'm gonna give the blob an exercise to report on something and the blob is going to kind of like all, it's not a Google spreadsheet, but it's gonna all be a, you know, an interactive Google spreadsheet to just spit out something that is a consensus document and you're reading this thing and you're like, this makes no real claims other than to affirm the narrative that we just talked about. Right. So what's the point other than to preserve the status quo at That point? The point is just to know what the intelligence community is writing on because you're not gonna learn anything from it. I talked to someone recently in the last few days who works in the Intel community, the IC who is saying that You can see people who come to Washington for the first time in high positions in other branch before and after their briefings.


And they're like different people And they, they fall for it. Like all of them fall for it, you know? Now we're gonna tell you all the things you wondered about. We're gonna tell you the truth about them. We presidents, especially Trump seems, as you said, immune from this, And he is done it before, but this person said, you should see how much they change, like deep inside, once we lay, you know, lay the bullshit on them, they just, they're not the same. Have you noticed that? Oh, I seen it. You know, I think part of the problem, and, and this is endemic of not just the ic, but our, we don't read enough in general, we don't have our own convictions. We don't search for understanding ourselves. And so you have people go in and they're like, I'm ki I kind of need this career staff to tell me what to think.


I don't wanna look stupid. Right? And so that has killed us on our side of the aisle, the conservative side to say we don't have people that are driving policy and bringing their own opinions and their own history. And so they, they are susceptible to feeling like they, And they still, they still believe that these people have an authoritative stance on things And they don't have enough skepticism that In fact, you know, there's no, the emperor has no clothes. Right? And, and, and that is the, and you've gotta bring that perspective in. They're weak inside is what you're saying. A lot of these people, I do think that's, I do think that's the case, you know, and, and that, you know, from the standpoint of the, I see the other thing that they would do is they, they would keep you from being briefed, right?


The briefing we've already discussed of what the brief is and sometimes like what President Trump is saying, I don't, I'm not gonna necessarily get the brief, right, but I would find that I wasn't read into certain things until they needed my signature. So once they needed some reason to get my signature, then all of a sudden I get this brief, right? And it was, that's not the way it should be. If you're trying to provide oversight and accountability, you need, you don't know what You don't know. And so you have to be able to be, have the, the whole entire landscape of things that you could, oh, that, that's interesting that we, we should do something. The President Trump wouldn't like that.


And I find that was very restrictive unless they needed me. And so I basically said, look, you, I'm not gonna, you are not getting my signature unless you get me briefed up. And I want, I want to access to all of these things that I need to be able to provide oversight for the federal government. And one of the things that we did, Tucker, is that since the, the rise of OMB, that ability to turn funding on and off had always been done by a career individual, not a political appointee. And so we changed that and it was like the, the, it was like the, the world was gonna end. They said, look, you're gonna destroy the agency. You can't, you can't handle the bandwidth.


You can't handle the bandwidth. The chaos will be, will be unmatched. And we changed it and next thing you know, everything's flowing across our desk. Oh, that's interesting. We're not doing that. You know, like it was just amazing. And if you don't know and have that thesis that says this is what must be done, you could be the most incredible conservative in the world. You could be the most policy consistent person with The president, but you don't know how to put your hand in the glove and and use that agency for the president's behalf. The president's not gonna be able to be well served at that agency. I saw David Ignatius, who is a long time water carrier for the ccia.


I don't know if they're paying him, but they should be. 'cause he does their bidding and has for decades at the Washington Post. And I heard him saying yesterday that we can't have Tulsi Gabbard at DNI, director of National Intelligence because it will cause quote chaos because the intel community doesn't like her. And basically he's making the argument that we, we should not have civilian control of these agencies because the agencies won't like it. Just say it. That's what you really mean. Well, I think that's basically what he's saying. So that's, again, that's dictatorship is what he's describing. But he used chaos as kind of the threat. Okay. But you've been there. If you really did everything that was needed in order to root out the corruption that defines our government, you would cause some chaos.


You would, wouldn't you? You, it will certainly read on the papers like chaos. Right? That's good. Fair. You know, a as to what's what, what just is normal, good government behind the scenes managing, pushing, pushing through, whatever. I I think it can be done very wisely and, and and done in a way that, you know, anyone who had a bird's eye view into that would be able to say, that's exactly what we put this administration into office. But yeah, you're gonna have to kick over people's paradigms. You're gonna have to kick over people's turfs. You're gonna have to change people's understanding of things that they have invested their whole life into a view of the world.


And none of this is, their views of the world aren't, isn't rooted in the constitution. And in some case, in some cases, any, you know, version of the facts. But you're gonna, that's gonna cause a lot of turmoil within these bureaucracies. And you gotta fight through it. And then they're gonna overlay the aspect of, oh my gosh, you guys are racist and you know, you guys nobody care, don't care about us as People. You know, you're gonna have to deal with that too. Right. They are, you know, one of the arguments that they're using in the press against me right now, as they say he, he, he called for trauma within the bureaucracies. Yeah. I called for trauma within the bureaucracies. The bureau bureaucracies hate the American people. They wanna put a 70, 70-year-old and did a 70, 70-year-old Navy veteran in jail for 18 months for building four ponds on his ranch to fight wildfires.


That's not the Department of Justice. That's the EPA you go every agency. And it's not just big government, it's weaponized against the country. Of course. And so yeah, we, we, I would want to provide trauma against that bureaucracy in a way that frees the American people from the people that have assumed the t the type of power that the constitution and no law, no public debate ever gave them. Did that mean we dislike everyone working at federal agencies and want them to have a bad life? No, of course there's a lot of people there who have come to serve and, and and do great public service and we wanna affirm that and we wanna turn over the bureaucracies that are traumatizing the American people.


Yeah. And the outcomes are terrible. And they're terrible 'cause it's corrupt. That's why it doesn't change. And the DC metro area is the richest in the country And they don't make anything. So it's just like, that's the most obvious marker for corruption I can imagine. Tell us about what congressional confirmation hearings are gonna look like for Trump's appointees. They're gonna be, they're going to be exhilarating if you have the right approach to 'em. But they'll, you know, I they're gonna come at everything we've got. Right. You know, or everything they've got with a, with what they are able to put someone in the dock.


And that individual is gonna have to face the balance of wanting to defend everything that they have done in life and belief. And at the same time, you're the, the thing that's a little hard about is you're, you're no longer yourself, right? You, you are yourself, but you are also going to do a job for a person. So what I think about a particular issue doesn't mean as much as what The president thinks That's correct. About something Right. Like that. And so it is, you, it is a different thing than than coming on and doing an interview about what your viewpoints on, on a particular Issue. No, that's, that's exactly what, it's not a it's not a cable news head. Right? No. So, but I, I, I think, look, I have, I've had experience, you know, Bernie Sanders went after me very, very hard in my first confirmation hearing as Deputy OMB for essentially believing in John three 16.


And it, it Was, it, it it was, wait, he he hit you. He attacked you on the base of your Religious beliefs. He should not serve. He said, he said, I was a bi a bigot and, and I should not serve in the federal government because of my Christian faith and believing something. That essentially comes down to what's articulated at sports games with John three 16. And that was most clues. Who's the bigot? Who is the bigger Right. That's a per the perfect question that goes back that most nominees will not go through what I went through, but I will tell them, you will get through it, you will get to the other side and it will be the most freeing thing in the world. You will come at through the end of a process like that and you'll, I find it to be at that point exhilarating because it prepares you to take on en enemy fire.


What are they gonna, what are, are you afraid of been calling you bigot racist, Christian nationalist authoritarian. If you, if you are, if you are not afraid of these attacks and you give them no credence, no credibility, then You can, you will be able to get through these things. You will be able to convince enough senators and you'll be able to serve and you'll be, serve more effectively. But, but the bright lights and will be on in these confirmation hearings. So How much of it is like theatrical and how much of it is real? Like, so you go into a hearing like that, your confirmation hearing, do you know the outcome at the beginning or do you think that votes really change based on the testimony of nominees?


I don't think most votes change at all. I think that, you know, you may have one or two anomaly se senators that are trying to, you know, have you answered something to their satisfaction or, or they're trying to get a feel for, for you that they haven't otherwise. But I think increasingly in the, in our, the, the partisan world that we live in, the the Democrats are voting no. And it's a matter of making sure, you know, you've convinced and you've brought in the all, So you get no, I mean, what's Interesting, I got no Democrat votes, But the Republicans are always voting for the wa I mean, Lindsey Graham will vote for any Democrat, sorry, I'm not gonna, I don't put you in an uncomfortable situation, but there are plenty of Republican senators who are liberal democrats effectively, And they vote for all kinds of nominees.


But you don't see that on the other side. You never see that on the other side. And they, they have an appreciation that they have to attack our people at every level because they know that every level is the stepping stone for The next level. Exactly Right. They don't make us a this is just like the undersecretary. Yeah, exactly. You know, they, no, we're, we are opposed to that. That Guy will be secretary sometimes. Correct. Well, you're probably guess a perfect example, aren't you? Well, I certainly the first term, right? I, I become deputy and next thing you know, m goes to the chief of staff and so I have an opportunity to serve as deputy, as director. And so that is, they understand government And they understand the career path that is, is opening for people.


And they, when they sense it's not always the case, but when they sense that this is a committed conservative, it's a partisan line down the


road For 35 years, Liberty Safe has been the number one manufacturer of safes made in this country. American made from start to finish. They make high quality gun safes. I've got one vault doors, home, safes, handgun, vaults, whatever you need to protect the things you value. And again, I can tell you from personal experience, these guys know what they're doing. I use Liberty Safes for the things that I don't want stolen, the things that really matter. My father shotguns the documents that I've gotta have and a lot more, I'm not gonna tell you what else, but you need one. Prime rates are way up. And if you have anything you would like to protect, that you need to protect Liberty Safes is the way to do it. Now, Liberty Safe has over 350 dealers nationwide who specialize in delivery and installation and answering any questions you have. If you've got somebody to protect, they've got a way to protect it. Visit liberty safe.com, pick out what you need and be sure to use the code tucker at checkout to let them know that we sent you, they'll take care of the rest. Liberty Safe is a product we fervently believe in with Liberty Safe. You were always protected,


Isn't it? The role of Republican leaders, particularly now since Trump won the majority of the popular vote, overwhelming majority of electoral votes, house and Senate are Republican majority state houses, majority of governorships. That's a mandate. So that means that Republican leaders, the two head guys in the House and Senate should be helping. Are they going to, I have high hopes that they, that that people are seeing what Trump just accomplished and are gonna be pulling the oars to get things done as soon as possible. And I think the jury is out. Right. I I think I, I wanna see, and I'm hoping to see people looking for ways to move these appointees through the process and sounds like they're trying to do that.


We'll see, but you know, we, we have to do things not based on how it has been done recently. Like this whole notion of recess appointments, right. Pe you have some people out there who saying this is unconstitutional, it's not the way it was meant to be. It's totally wrong. Right? It it is a specific provision in the Constitution to be able to allow a president, if he does, if he got, has to stand up in administration quickly. And he is dealing with a senate that won't move quickly enough to be able to install his people so that he can actually function as a government, right. That is specifically mapped out. And yet you have So in the constitution, in in the Constitution. So it's by definition not a constitutional fair.


Fair. So you yet you have Republicans, one of 'em in particular, like Ed wheen right now who's attacking Trump for even mentioning who's Ed wheen He, he writes one, he's one of the main kind of legal luminaries on the right. And, and ethics and public policy are one of those think tanks. And he's out there opposing the whole notion of recess appointments for, for for whatever reason. I don't know, other than he thinks unseemly and not the way that the found. Okay, So but don't, I mean this is a whole separate question and it it's a broad brush, but in general, conservative think tanks with some exceptions are not conservative.


They're tools to the left and sort of repositories have broke down people with no other job prospects. Why would anyone pay attention to them? I think they should increasingly not be right. Yeah. And by the way, there's some good ones and I, you know, have, I love Kevin Robertson heritage and, And there are good people in some think tanks for sure, but in general, it's like the world of Jonah Goldberg, it's like who cares what you think It, they only matter to the extent that people in the arena listen to them. Right? And that is increasingly they're not being listened to. And I think that's part of one of the reasons why they're so up arms about it, right? Yeah. I mean that's National Review itself is, that's that Phenomenon. What is National Review? That was a magazine in the fifties, correct? Right, right. So, and, and I think that's, but my point is the extent to which people have opposed Trump and, and, and the America first agenda, I think ultimately is a loss of power because they didn't get to set the agenda.


They don't get to be the traffic cop. They don't get to kind of say, oh, this is, this offends my sensibility. Then more in no if, if you have a radical constitutionalism, and that's really what I've been calling for, given this crazy unconstitutional situation that we're finding ourselves in. If you have a radical constitutionalism, it's gonna be destabilizing. You may find that You can use the James Madison could have put a whole lot more recess appointments in than you would've ever imagined, but it's also exhilarating. And why, if you're trying to preserve the country, would you make arguments against that? Why wouldn't you be making arguments for it? So that's one of the reasons we just put out a five page paper.


We'll put out a 40 page paper next as to this is the constitutional grounds for recess appointments of, we haven't dec President Trump hasn't decided to do it, but if he does, he will be in the same vein as our founders. It's a little weird. And again, you haven't well, as of right now, so it's November 18th, you've not been nominated. No. Yeah, I think you will be. Hope so. But you haven't been, so, I don't wanna put you in an awkward spot because if you are, you're gonna have to deal with this. But why would Mitch McConnell still the senate leader of Republicans? Why would he say we're not doing recess appointments? Again, I I can't, I haven't spoken to Senator McConnell on it. I, my guess is that the Senate is going to want to know the argument and the, and And they probably have been told and may have been told, and I'm going to just keep it as positive as possible.


That this is not inappropriate, you can't do it. And I want to show them and know, In fact, You can, it is entirely appropriate and to win the argument. And then if you win the argument and then people are saying, no, well you don't wanna do this, then it's a different matter. Right? It's like, it, it just kind of reveals that they're, they're not actually on board with those particular nominees going into office. And that's a different issue. So I I I think that we don't know yet to whether will the Senate have an issue. I mean, to some extent the Senate knows it has an issue because they couldn't move these nominees fast enough in the first term because the Democrats were filibustering everyone.


Right? And so, and by the way, you know, a lot of these hearings and you, you read the history books and people got approved by the Senate in a day, you know, like the system wasn't meant to be this slow. And it has been bogged down and slowed down. And we'll see, you know, Senator Thune, majority leader th Thune will have a chance to put his own imprint on the Senate. And I wanna see how he does. Yeah. I've got, you know, high expectations, low hopes, hope I'm wrong. It'd be one thing if the outcome was positive, if the country was thriving, you know, you'd say, okay, the system's dysfunctional, but you don't really need a lot of change right now, so that's fine. But the outcome is not positive at all. It's total destruction of the country we grew up in.


So gotta fix it. Why would you want to enter back into this? Well, you know, I, I've always said the last four years I would never want to miss out on another chance to be at the president's side. I find in him to be someone who's so uniquely situated for the moment, and you go back and I've done some reading on this, you go back and read some of the Federalist papers And they actually designed the system for someone like him whose his, his interest would align with the country's interest to such an extent to which he, it actually works like separation of powers is meant to have strong, opinionated convictional leadership that go as fast as they can and hard as they can in their direction and for the system to then have true separation of powers.


Right? An example of that is, is what he is proposing on recess appointments. If the Constitution allows you to do it, why wouldn't you do it if it's in your interest? And then let's see what Congress does in response to that. But that's real separation of powers. It's not like this kind of fake for, you know, fourth branch administrative state where none of it works and it's all kind of cartel behind the scene where every, all you get is kind of different parts of each of the branch coming together almost as a blob. And I, I I think he's so unique in terms of being a historical, transformative, transformative person that we can actually save the country. And that's really what it comes down to.


The hours late, it's 1159, it's not too late, but it's really late. And this isn't an election where You can just have seesaws, we'll, we'll be up and you'll be down. No, we, we, if we don't win and, and he's won an electoral mandate, now it's time to actually execute. If we, if we don't execute, we may never have this chance again. And so you have The president who's ready to go now you need knowhow people who can do that and do it with the attacks that are coming And they will come, right? They, they will come hardest at the people that they believe are the greatest threats.


And, but, but that's what The president needs. The president needs those types of people where he is not gonna be successful and the country won't be saved. And I just, I think that it's incumbent on those of us who have that skillset, who have, have had the, the experiences we, we've had, you know, we're put here for a reason. We're, we're here because we, we, God has given us a particular purpose for a particular time and it's incumbent us to be responsible with those moments that we're given. So I don't know what the future holds. I dunno if I serve or if I continue at my center to, to be championing the ideas that he's working on. I'm happy with both of those scenarios, but it's incumbent on us to, to to, to give everything we can to be successful in this moment.


Because I don't think we will get it an another moment like this. And If, if you doubt how serious the opposition is to the public, not just to Trump, but to the majority of the country that voted for Trump, they're trying to leave him with World War III on the way out. Yeah. I can't imagine a more desperate or evil thing for Tony Blinken who I think is desperate and evil in my view, to do leave him with a war, a lame duck president trying to start a war with the world's largest nuclear power of Russia. What, what do you make of that? It's incredibly insidious. And then add to the fact that he can't put two sentences together and he's largely not in control of his own government.


And so you have almost an unelected president with individuals behind the scenes that are doing this. Does, it doesn't surprise me though. I mean, these are the same people that I have weaponized the Department of Justice, have the law fair. I have a colleague of mine, Jeff Clark, who's, you know, has, they're trying to disbar him because of the, the care that he had on behalf of The president to deal with voter integrity and election fraud after 2020. And so the system has thrown everything at the Warriors that are on the field. You're seeing that with tulsi, you're seeing that with Matt Gates. I mean, why, why is all of this stuff being thrown at him?


Slander. Can I just say, I thought, I'm sorry to digress, but since you mentioned Gates, we don't accuse Look, DOJ leaked that he was a child sex trafficker. Okay. So at that point they have a moral, I would say legal obligation to charge him for child sex trafficking and prove it in court. And if they can't shut the F up. But they didn't do that. They did not, they leaked that Matt Gaetz, a guy they didn't like whose views were a threat to them is a child sex trafficker. Then they just let it hang in the air. And all their repulsive little minions like Joe Scarborough, like he's a child sex trafficker. Really? You wanna live in a world where the secret police can just slander you Yeah.


Through the media. Like I I read in my Bible this morning that you don't believe something unless two or three people are witnesses and say, and, And there is none of that. In fact, what's Mosaic law right there? Yeah. And, And there and In fact, the, the weaponized Department of Justice said, we don't have the proof to pursue these allegations. I know. And so then you read in the, the story, but they Accused him of it. They, They, they accuse it. They, they make the case. The reporter said, read it this morning. They, and then they say, it should be known that Matt Gaetz denies that these allegations has occurred of, of course he denies it 'cause they're not true. And the Department of Justice, there's no accounting of the fact that these things have been proven not to be, not to be true. And yet people, and there's a tendency on our side, and this is very troubling.


It's not just the, the the left, which is kind of state regime propaganda. There's a tendency on our side to believe that if there's smoke, there must be fire. Why do we do that? Why, why do we, why does our side, why does Republican congressmen, Republican senators believe that where there must be s smoke, there must be fire only because this person has been a confrontational, courageous, convictional leader in, in a, in a true generational talent. I might add. So That well that's that what the last point is indisputable. That's just a fact. I mean, gates is the most articulate member of Congress. It's like, no, it's not even close.


Right. So they hate him for that. Yeah. 'cause he's a danger. I, my explanation, of course I've noticed that Republicans believe most of what they're told, part of it is I think there's an IQ gap if I'm just being honest. Part of it is they believe in the system and Democrats just don't believe in the system at all. They don't believe in any system that per, that curtails their power basically. But Republicans really believe in it to their great credit. And so they're like, well it's the DOJI mean, it's kind of corrupt on the margins, you know what I mean? There's some bad apples, but most of 'em are really great. Really? Why haven't the great ones resigned? Right, right. I don't, I don't think there's any evidence they're mostly great at all. I think they're really dangerous, heavily armed. Do, maybe that's the answer.


I I, I think that that is fundamentally, it's twofold. I think the left is made up of, of revolutionaries for sure. Right. And you know, they're Marxist one, if you've read witness, you everyone knows that, right? Like that that's not a new phenomena. It's become militarized over and over. Witness Is written in like 1955. Correct? Right. So now, now what that looks like is not someone who's like a behind the scenes spy. Now that looks like, you know, some of their members of Congress, right? Yeah. Like an a OC, they, they, their, their Marxist revolutionaries are voting in Congress. So that's their side. And our side doesn't really grapple with that. We don't make every decision realizing like that's what they think and that's what they're doing.


So I'm not gonna listen to what they, just in a chitchat conversation, I'm going to, to govern and make decisions based on what I know they are pursuing. Know your enemy. Secondly, we do have trust in kind of the media and the, the institutions like Tony Fauci can't be lying, right? It can't, he can't really, he, he, he must not have been doing gain of function research if he said he wasn't. He's Tony Fauci. Right. Like that's what we were up against. And, and, and It's totally true. And that is the wrong approach. You gotta have a skepticism to all of these people and, and their institutions and their bureaucracies.


Okay. What needs to be done? And just, just while I'll, I'll shut up, I'll stop with my stupid editorial comments. You just go through the top three or four things that you think this incoming administration, which has a rare mandate, should achieve in order. I believe that the, there's a lot of policy issues downstream. The border inflation wars across the world, all of them are downstream of one reality. And that is, we don't, the American people currently are not in control of their government and The president hasn't been either. That's correct, man. So we have to solve that.


We have to solve the woke and the weaponized bureaucracy and, and have The president take control of the executive branch. So my belief or anyone who wants to listen is that you, you have to, The president has to move executively as fast and as aggressively and possible with a radical constitutional perspective to be able to dismantle that bureaucracy in their power centers. And I think there are a couple of ways to do it. Number one is going after the whole notion of independence. There are no independent agencies. Congress may have viewed them as such SEC or the F-C-C-C-F-P-B, the whole alphabet soup.


But that isn't, that is not something that the constitution understands. So there may be different strategies with each one of them about how you dismantle them. But as an administration, the whole notion of an independent agency should be thrown out, particularly with the Department of Justice in which there's literally no law. All it is, is precedent from the wa the Watergate era that the, the Attorney General and those lawyers don't work for The president. And well, who do They work for? They think that they work for themselves. They think that they are so, They have the power to kill people just 'cause they awarded themselves that power, they the power to kill people. I mean, they, they Believe that they have the power for, for all of the, the, the prosecutions.


And that The president doesn't get a say in any of that. And that, ha we have to go at that as hard as we possibly can, whether that's the military, we have a whole military industrial complex of generals. And Tommy Tuberville kind of exposed this this last year with a fight about life. But it really became a fight about whether we have a, essentially a, a military that is not subject to civilian leadership. So you, You can apply the concept of in, of, of destroying independence at every agency. I even saw it in, in aspects of OMB with regard to who gets to make the decisions on, on statistics, right?


Like there there are little pockets of independences that have to be just, you got, we gotta remove those, right? It's, they're unconstitutional. Number two, would, would you Include the Fed in that List? So I I, I am not a huge fan of the Fed. I can't, I can't look at the constitution and the massive decades long decisions that they have made totally undemocratic and, and, and see that that is a, a place where there deserves to be an exception for, I don't even understand who controls the Fed. I mean, and where does their authority come from? God, do they, are they speaking directly to God? Like where, what Is this? No, because they're wrong and they've been wrong.


You know, DEC noticed for decades, right? Right. Let's Go to zero interest rates for 11 years. See what happens And see what happens. So President Trump hasn't run on that, and so I'm not gonna speak, he it's, but I'm just interested is you've Looked into the question of what authority does the Constitution bestow unto whom? No. And to give you an example, if you go on t if you were watching news, you're gonna have seen in the last two years ads saying, oppose the Feds regulations on capital bank capital. Right. Well, who are they supposed to call? They're not calling a congressman. Congressman has no power. The the issue is like the call to action is against the Fed.


Well, sorry, you're kind of outta luck. And Yeah. What's, what's the lever we would use to influence the Fed? There is no lever. Right. And, and, and so they, they have existed with this notion that they have this priestly ability to make decisions. And In fact, I don't actually think they're that good at it. I think people like President Trump are In fact better at it. And there's no reason that they should be exempt from the normal democratic process. And if, if Congress wants to come along and pass rules that says, you know, this is how we want the money supply to go, all of that is in their purview. But I I, I think the, you know, this is not some exception to the rule. Doesn't mean in any way that, you know, president Trump has any interest in doing anything in this area.


But I don't think it, I don't think it's the exception that prove proves the rule on independence being something that is important downstream to the CDC, the NIHI think everything that people like Bobby Kennedy have been running on and others is about, no, you're not some priestly role. You are politicians yourself. You just don't have to face voters. Right. So independence is, I think, first and foremost, number two, bringing back the notion of impoundment. And, and this is something that of what, of impoundment, the ability to not spend money for 200 years, presidents had the ability to not spend a congressional appropriation. That has always been the constitutional system.


It had been brought, it, it had been a paradigm that had been brought from, from the uk and how we understood the, the constitutional principle is certainly power of the purse means that Congress gets to set the ceiling. You can't spend without a congressional appropriation, but you weren't ever meant to be forced to spend it and has become a floor. So 200 years, presidents are using impoundment, they get money for something, The president says, I don't think it's a good idea, or I certainly can do it better. Or I have events that are happening overseas that cause me not to want to spend on the gunboat when I want to get some treaty done. All manner of executive decision making that would be a part of that.


In two, in the, in the 1970s, at the lowest moment of the presidency, Congress steps in and to some extent the courts And they, they pass the, the Impoundment Control Act, which was really the Impoundment Elimination Act. And in that, from that moment, they had destroyed separation of powers on spending and on fiscal issues. But it was beyond that. It wasn't just about dollars and cents, it was about control of the bureaucracy. So That law effectively meant the executive branch, the president's agencies have to spend every dollar they're sent by the Congress. Correct? Huh. And, and I believe as a budget guy, that was the original sin on why we can't do anything fiscally from that moment on.


It's also why we get omnibus bills. Because if I only need you to get my, your signature and I lose all of my ability to, throughout the rest of the fiscal year to push and pull and not spend and have, make different decisions, I just gotta get your one signature. So I'm gonna put everything in that one bill, right? Thousands of pages. And I'm gonna push it through at the most, the hardest time for you politically, you might have some diplomatic visit that you're going on. Oh, totally. Yeah, totally. And So impoundment isn't in vitally important not just to save the country fiscally. It is vitally important to be able to rest control of the bureaucracy. Because when you combine Congress, giving the agencies vast authority to interpret the laws that they passed overly broad, make law, essentially make law essentially, that has no repercussions on the people who voted it right.


They don't have to vote on what the right blend is exactly for ethanol. Right? And then you say that your funding is going for Congress and The President has no ability, sorry, Mr. President, you don't have to get, that's illegal. You can't, you can't turn off my funding. Now, con Imperial Congress still exists just a lot more subtle. So that's number two, bringing back impoundment. Number three is, is dramatically going at restoring at will employment as, as far as You can, a lot of ideas on the, on the, on the, on the, on the agenda. But,


So all these companies are always telling you how much money they're giving to charity. Oh, we're so charitable, but what are the charities they're giving to these brands that you buy, that you have in your house, you don't even want to know. Very often they're charities that don't have the same values that your family has. Sometimes they're charities that don't like your family at all. But when you use Pure Talk, which is a cell phone company a lot of us use, You can be certain that your money is going to charities that you yourself would give to veteran led companies. For example, to date, pure Talk has gotten rid of $10 million in debt held by veterans. They've spent tens of thousands more every month to help prevent veteran suicide. They just give 50 grand to Mike Rowe works, which gives scholarships to veteran learning the trades after they leave military service, et cetera, et cetera. So you've seen companies, once again, we're not gonna name names Bud Light, but that do business with lunatics. Again, charities that run contrary to your worldview, that despise your worldview. But with Pure Talk, You don't have to worry about that. This is a company that supports the causes that You can support. Pure Talk gives you the same great cell service that America's most dependable 5G networks provide for half the cost. They also support small businesses with excellent and affordable business plans. They are powering us here at tcn, so we can vouch for it And they can probably save you money too. Find out, go to pure talk.com/tucker today. Switch to a company that aligns with your values, pure Talk. When you sign up at pure talk.com/tucker, you get an additional 50% off your first month. We recommend it.


Can We just go back to I empowerment at least super Quick. So what was the Idea during Watergate of forcing The president to spend all the money that Congress sends him? Like, why would you want that? You only want it from the standpoint of control. If you want to be able to say, you're gonna spend what I tell you, you're gonna spend that, it, it is nothing more than institutional desire to force The president to spend an X amount of money. But again, it's never just about that. It's always about where they have tried to innovate it from really the progressive era. Like they wanted congressional government. That was the, that was the, the, the title of Woodrow Wilson's book.


He wanted a system where essentially the agencies largely worked out of the Congress or associated with Congress, not unlike what you would see in the House of Commons, right? Where their cabinet lives in their house of Parliament. And it's largely, you know, the monarch, the executive over times becomes toothless. That's essentially what they have wanted and have pursued at every turn here. And you saw that on steroids with them using the events of Watergate to promulgate new paradigms and ways of, of binding the constitutional system from working. So everything post Watergate is largely, You can just make an assumption it's not the way it was meant to work.


And so you have our guys defending post-Watergate paradigms instead of trying to think through, okay, let, let's go back, let's go back to what the founders would've actually envisioned. Amazing. Okay, so to your third point, Thank you for this by the way. So to your third point that The president has to be able to fire people who are subverting democracy, why can't he, how did federal bureaucrats wind up with a kind of super tenure where no matter what they do, You can't get rid of them? Like what I don't understand. They work for the public Right. Laws that have been passed, perhaps not challenged the laws that have been passed that give them bargaining power, that give them certain processes that have to be followed before they can be dismissed.


But I think in that, and has certainly made it very, very hard, hard to hire and fire. The current system needs to be changed. But it also can be used to deal with these same kind of actors if you're willing to do it. And I don't wanna get into all of the tools that are available, right? No, but they exist, you know, one of them is the, you know, the reduction force. I mean, you, You can, and Vivet has talked about this. I mean, You can proceed on the basis of what is good for the eff efficiency and the effectiveness of the agency to be able to dramatically lower at a, a macro level the size of the workforce.


And that will give you certain legal abilities to begin to move people off of the payroll. So there's a lot of things that are being creatively discussed in this space, but it has to be front and center. Schedule f as President Trump has already run on that seems to be like a day one thing he has already instituted in this first term. We just didn't get to get it across the finish line. It, it, every agency has to go in categories. How many of his employees are policy and therefore subject to at-will employment. I, I put 90% of OMB in that category because I wanted a, it was true. And b, I wanted to set a high bar for the rest of my colleagues at agency heads, right, that this should be viewed maximally.


You're willing to fire your, your own staff, which is another way of saying you're willing to relinquish some power because personnel manpower is power. And it's always not just about firing, although there's certainly gonna be mass layoffs and firings, particularly across some of the agencies that we don't even think should exist. But what I found was that you get better staff work when people are now in their mind realizing, okay, I'm not immune from all accountability. And I would tell People, you know, you'd have to have these conference calls we're in the middle of Covid and explain, you know, what we're trying to do. And a lot of, a lot of people were very upset and I was like, guys, you we're, we're Republicans. We don't believe in these, in these, you know, these laws that give you these protections that we think make you less good at your job of serving a particular president.


So It's just on this face outrageous, like everyone else in the country faces the ude of the job market. I've been fired so many times with a lot of kids, and I'm not whining, but most people have been, had moments like that where it's like, oh wow, I'm outta money. Why are the people that we pay with our tax dollars immune to the pressure that the rest of us feel? It's like so crazy and outrageous. It doesn't mean that you can't tell your boss what you think. Like that's the, that's the most crazy thing in the world. Why? Like we, what? Yeah, I mean, you know, I worked for some, I've worked for some pretty authoritarian people by the way over the years. And the last people I worked for are very nice to me, I will say. But like they have really strong views on a couple topics and I like kept my views on those to myself at dinner.


Yeah. They're my bosses. I mean, I don't really understand like what, how does an entirely separate set of rules apply to our employees, the public's employees, our housekeepers is how I think of them. Yeah. They work for us. And when they, when your housekeeper works for you, you get to fire steals from you, you get to fire her. Correct. Yeah. And there's no other way to run any business, any government. But it's like, on What, on what grounds do they get to be treated better than every other category of employee in the world? Yeah. And they're also some of the suckiest employees as the son of a federal employee. I can tell you some of them are great, most are not great sub great.


Which is why we have so many contractors running federal agencies. Correct. Totally. And and that's like, Why is Deloitte, you know, at NSA, right? No, Because most NSA employees like suck And they don't come in 'cause of covid. They take three hour lunch breaks, they're like not effective. Am I telling the truth here? You you are telling the truth. I know. And that's why you've gotta have a massive effort to dramatically reduce this so that the good ones rise to the top and everyone else is, is fine in other work. Okay. Sorry to get so Wound up. No. So you know, and then the last thing is, is dismantling all of the, the specific things like over classification, the FBI background checks all of the things that deny information to the political class that, or the political appointees that prevent them from doing their job.


Okay. But this is where people start getting murdered or getting cancer or whatever they're doing to maintain control. Because if you start threatening, I think this is why they're terrified of tulsi Gabbard, you start threatening to expose things to let the public know what its government is doing. You're gonna be exposing crimes. 'cause they're committing crimes. I know that for a fact. I know that you know it too. So that's like Kind of a scary mission, is it not? It is, it is one that causes you to count the costs. But the notion you're so judicious. I love it. Tucker. The, the reality, and I think this is, I would encourage everyone to think this way. There is no place in America where you're gonna be protected from the walls closing in on you and your family.


And the only extent to which that may not be true yet is the, which, you know, Kevin Bacon's degrees of separation, you don't have someone that's immediately in proximity to the FBI raiding their house or being the, the victim of law fair. I mean, I know two people very, very closely who have been in jail. I know. Oh, me too. You know, four people that have multimillion dollar lawsuits. And so they're coming. And the only way to stop that from happening, for people that are in this community trying to rebuild from a storm or run their coffee shop, the only way to keep it from happening is for those of us in the political arena to stand tall and, and, and unabashedly and to, to lean forward no matter the costs.


And that's the moment that we live in. And so it's not meant to be provocative. It is, it's just meant to know that if you are not loud and proud, that's the wrong way to think about it. But if it is aggressive and public and articulate in how you go about it, it will make it so that more and more people can come along beside you and make it so that The President has enough people that are willing to take on the system. And I believe that he has a growing number of people that are like that. And it will make it very difficult for them to move against individual actors. And I, you know, the nice thing about being out of office is you get to read and and kind of wide and, and understand what happened, you know, and to have new perspective.


And I'm just blown away by the number of people that they went after individually, like, like wounded individuals. And we never heard about 'em. I didn't hear about 'em until after the administration. It's true. Adam Levenger, mark Moyer, these are individuals that blew the whistle on corruption and their agencies conspired with their political appointees to make them go away. And I don't think they'll be able to get away with that this time around. And in some cases really hurt them. They wasted three or four years, you know, they're dealing with stuff in their families. Life happens and you're dealing with the intel agencies multiple, working behind the scenes together, never giving you due process.


And, and, and, and I think that is, we know their playbook and we, we, we know not only what to look for, but how to be prepared to ensure that that cannot happen again. I've Noticed, and I don't think I'm imagining it, that an a huge percentage of people who criticize the intel agencies wind up with kitty porn on their computers. One of the reasons I don't use a computer, I don't think that's because they're disproportionately perfect. I Don't know why you would use a computer. You know, first of all, you know, you can't respond to anything without it being foia. Right, exactly. And so the, we have to have a, a totally different view about going into government, but the Intel agencies are not allowed.


Well, well most of 'em are not allowed to operate domestically, period. Well, they were never allowed. They do it, but they're definitely not allowed to play in American politics to influence election outcomes. And they're absolutely doing that. How do you stop that? Well, I think you need to have people that are there who are fearless and obviously tulsi and RFK and not Intel, but saying there are, you know, there are certainly health aspects, national security, Matt being at DOJ, those are the types of people that you need to get under the hood and to push as much as you possible, you, you've gotta shut their funding off until they can prove to your satisfaction that's things are And then, But wait, we're not even allowed to know what their funding is.


We don't know what the CA's budget is. Well, we don't even know. Like When, when you're within government, You can know those, those answers. And so those individuals can, You can know the size of the black budgets, correct. Right. So I have never been in government, but I've certainly been around this a lot. They're huge. Yeah, Yeah. No, and What, so why do we have black budgets? It's a great question, Tucker. I mean, there's dramatically more transparency needed. And I would say it's one of those areas where not unlike the over classification, it, there are, there are, there are things we need to know a lot more about. I, and I can't tell you well what's the optimal level of, of transparency on that front.


But the extent to which you can't have a, as a citizen an understanding of what the size of your IC community is, that's kind of a problem. I just think you're insuring corruption And the size of these, these buildings. Like, you go around and you realize, oh wow, that I, that alphabet has an enormous institutional presence that the country's never even heard about, Has a real estate footprint, real estate. That's beyond what You can imagine. I, I lived as a child in with my brother in a house in Georgetown in high school that was owned by CIA. So there's just a lot. You go out to Northern Virginia, Tyson's Corner, you know, take Chainbridge from DC into Northern Virginia and like how many of those office buildings are owned by the CIA or some other intel agency?


Like a huge number. And so those, Why can't we know that? I don't understand. We need to know a lot more and we need to demand more. The, that we know more like how, how is Congress and, and yeah, they can go into a skiff And they can be given a brief debates are supposed to happen on the house and Senate floor and you can't, you're, you're providing no ability to be able to share with your voters and us as voters, the whether, did we ever vote for this? Did we ever vote for this military industrial complex, this intel community? The extent to which it's sprawled all over the country. Like do who, who got a say in that?


It doesn't seem like the intel, I would say is rather undemocratic. Well, the Intel committees, the oversight committees in Congress whose job it is to oversee, restrain, keep the intel agencies within constitutional bounds. I, in my whole life in DC from 1985 until now, I've never seen a single member of an intel committee who wasn't in the pocket of the Intel agencies. That's my perception. Have you, I don't wanna, I I would just say this, Devin Nunez was kind of a, a unique character in his ability to provide leadership in that. And they came after him with everything they got. I know. And he survived.


And I think he's a model not unlike that case. When You say they, you mean the intel agencies, The intel agencies, the forces that are, you know, some out of government, non-government organizations, the press Oh yeah. And working with the Intel agency, running It through foreign countries. I mean, it's never like some guy at Langley, you know, and so What, who, why don't we have more Devon Nunezes that that would be the question that I would ask is what, what fear factor is there that, and I'm not, I'm not making an accusation of anyone. I'm just saying that with, with all Congress and with all non-government organizations, even our organiz, there's, there's this point where you're like, if I don't, if I go after these individuals, this issue said, or this, this, this, this area of corruption or this policy set, and I saw it right after Mar-a-Lago was raid, and we came out really quickly and said, you know, the FBI should be radically reformed.


I think I thought it should be, you know, exploded into a thousand pieces, right? Yeah. There, why, why do we have such fear that that is such a provocative position? Because You don't con own the government, right? And so that, that's You're here's To surf, right? That's what we've gotta go after. And I think it's a systemic issue that we've gotta tackle with everything we've got. I couldn't agree more, and you don't have to respond, but I would just say, you know, if there are members of the, you know, Intel committees providing oversight of the Intel agencies, they shouldn't be allowed to serve if they have spouses who work in the Intel community. Sorry, that's like such an obvious conflict that it's pretty ridiculous that that could exist. And yet it does.


So what te tell us on a much happier note, sorry for the dark digression. What exactly are Elon and Vive gonna do, do you think, with this Doge enterprise? Well, I think they're bringing an exhilarating rush to the system of creativity outside the box thinking comfortability with risk and leverage. And boy, They are comfortable. Both those guys are comfortable with risk. I mean, it's amazing. It is amazing. And the reason I love it is, I mean, you, in some respects, you this does feel like an intractable problem that we're up against. Yes, Yes. Don't Exactly. And I don't, I don't think it is, but I think it feels that way.


And we're bringing people that, you know, are trying to get to Mars. So I'm pretty sure they can handle, you know, the ability for us to balance our, our, our books and run a government that's, that's much more efficient. So I think that the things that I've heard them say are things like really going after or from a deregulatory perspective, all of the recent court cases that have said and chopped at the, the feet of, of this administrative state, you know, you don't have the ability to just come up with new major questions, you know, rank agency rank and file agency. You've gotta have actual specific language from Congress.


You don't have the ability to get the deference for every position that you've taken as just because you're a federal agency. These have been big ax cuts at these, at, at the administrative branches. And so I think what they wanna do is to use those as the basis for a massive deregulatory agenda and, and, you know, game on. I also think they want to look for as much that You can do to start cutting costs without Congress or with Congress, but to be really aggressive in some of the areas that I've mentioned. And empowerment would be, you know, a huge part of that. The ability to just not spend the money. And so, and then of course, you know, being as radical or aggressive as You can in eliminating and reducing employees, you know, full-time employees, individuals, and going after contracts that make, not make, make sense.


So IIII think that that's where they're headed and I think it'll be an, an enormous boon to the country. Can you Do it from, so neither one of them is gonna become a federal employee himself? That's my understanding. Correct. That's my understanding as well. I Mean, they're not, I'll just say that. So how do you do that from outside? Well, I think that you, you know, they will be working with the agencies that do this. I think they'll be working with OMB, whoever's in that role. They'll be working with treasury who's ever in that role. And they will be rallying the theory of the case. I mean, I think ultimately that's what's most needed. Tucker is a specific theory of the case about what can be done. That's right. And then you give it to the people and, and hopefully that's been a two-way conversation, but you give it to the people that are on the president's executive team and his administration And they run with it.


And then you've got Doge out there providing a political support for what must be done.


I'm Tucker Carlson for alp. Now, as you know, the FDA requires us to warn you. Well, I'll just read you the warning quote, warning, this product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical end quote. We're required to tell you that by the federal government. But we don't shy away from that. It's addictive and there's an upside to it. Yes. Nicotine is an addictive chemical. That is true. There are a lot of things in life. You forget your car keys, your wallet. One thing you're never gonna forget is alp, because nicotine is an addictive chemical. You may forget to put your shoes on in the morning. You may forget to kiss your wife on the way out. You may come home and not remember your own dog's name. But one thing you're not gonna forget is your alp. Why? Because you're addicted to it. Because your body will tell you, Hey, better bring your ALP with you and you will. I do. I'm never anywhere without my alp. It's by the side of my bed when I go to sleep. It's there when I wake up in the morning, it's in the front pocket of my pants as I head out into the world. ALP is always with me. It's on the desk as I do interviews everywhere I am. ALP is because it's an addictive chemical. That's exactly right. And we're not afraid of that. We're not ashamed of it. It's addictive in the same way that air, water, and sex are addictive. They're so great and you want to do 'em every day. Thankfully it's easy to have the ALP with you at all times. Just go to our website, Alp Pouch dot com and never be without it. Nicotine. Yes, it's addictive. That's why we like it.


When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. Oh, What advice? They have my favorite brand, like a whole new bu i two. Woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah. Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great bridge? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


I think that's right. I mean, e even just to publicize the ideas. I mean, the US government at this point is like a, it's like a bankruptcy or stage four cancers. I mean, it's like so overwhelmingly bad that you don't see a way out of it. At least that's how I feel when I assess it from the outside. Like, how would you even fix something like this? I mean, We haven't had any spending reductions in like 20 years, right? Like, But we're bankrupt. Right? But we're bankrupt and there's just this notion that nothing can be done about it. We still pass a hundred billion dollar Ukraine checks as it like, even if you thought it was a good idea, like you can't afford it there. Like you never have the affordability conversation at all. And Is that, is that true? It's totally true. Like literally no one ever talks about affordability.


What we can do some Conservative and these foreign heads of states show up and like demand money from us. And nobody ever says, you know, I I like your country, or I don't, or whatever, or I think you've got a good point, love to help you, but we're just outta dough. Like, nobody even suggest that or dares think that. Like what is That? They just assume the gravy train's gonna keep on going. I dealt with the most within the military. Right? But like, What, what's that like? Well, they, they, they, they, Well you've got some road miles on you. You've been, you've done some stuff. Well, you know, I, I wanna understand these things. I wanna understand these systems in these institutions, why people say that what they do. And there's just it, there's no understanding whatsoever.


There's like a, like no fiscal conscience at all with regard to the individuals. It's like, nope, we've gotta perform a particular function in the world. I read that somewhere in my educational system. I now believe it, it doesn't matter whether that was never voted on. It doesn't matter if that's kind of anathema to where our founding fathers would've envisioned. And so we are going to maintain our presence everywhere in the country. I the military get to define my requirements about what's necessary to win that military objective. You civilian don't get to ever question my requirements. Those requirements now automatically cost X amount of money. And we wonder why we can't ever have exactly any cuts to defense.


And we wonder why then defense spending becomes the pretorian guard for the non-defense spending. Right. You okay? I know what you're talking about, but will you flesh it out a little bit? 'cause I think you've hit on one of the keys. So For and, and for what we have been unwilling to cut any non-defense spending, the bureaucracy, which is the quote, discretionary spending members have a vote on it every single year. They don't have a vote on entitlements. They, those are on autopilot. They have a vote on the bureaucracy. So everything they hate about government, their members are voting on. We haven't been able to have cuts to non-defense. Not because Republicans are unwilling, although many of them are unwilling as well.


But because there has been a view that those two things have to be constantly considered together. And the Democrats insist and republican hawks in insist that defense has to be growing at X percent to deal with the threats in the world. And that requires you to then bring additional non-defense spending to be able to be per that political coalition. And ultimately if you get a, your average Republican member, they ultimately care a lot more about the defense stuff than they do about the bureaucracy. Can You say that again? Ultimately you have your average Republican member cares more about the military industrial complex than they do about the woken, weaponized bureaucracy that is oppressing their, they Care more about flexing their power abroad than about fixing their own country.


I think that's, That's I know that's true. That's because I know, I know them. They have zero interest in anything that's happened, not zero, but they have very limited interest in what's happening in the United States and the, you know, a hundred thousand people dying of drug ods every year. That's bad. Yeah. That's so bad. Ooh, my heart bleeds the invasion of more than 10 million foreigners into our country without permission. Oh, that's so bad. Yeah. Yeah. I gotta seal the border. But what they really care about is toppling some government they don't like or moving missiles to this military base or whatever. And why is that? Well, I think it goes to the unhealthiness of the Republican coalition for like 50 years, but particularly in since 1989.


Tell me what That means. So your your your kind of national Republican National Review Coalition, your fusion Republican coalition was anti-communist. Yes. It was social conservatives, traditional conservatives. Yes. And it was kind of fiscal libertarians, right? That was your coalition. Absolutely. And it, and it worked until, and, you know, at a certain level when we had Soviet Union, but when we don't have the Soviet Union, it, it, it kind of takes on a life of its own. And now you have to keep us everywhere in the world to be able to justify all of the institutional buildup and the, the, the complex that has been built up.


All of these, these, you know, defense industrial companies and things like that. And, and Pap can actually talks about this in his book where he says, look, this was a specific strategy hatched outta the Department of Defense by some of the neocons at the time to be able to continue to justify the largest from a defense standpoint. That we continue to be tied down to that. I also think, you know, is, is, so that's a big part of I think why your average Republican, that that grows up thinking like, okay, I'm I'm gonna be pro defense, I'm gonna be free market economics and I'm gonna be a social conservative at best.


Right? Those, that's like, that's what you grow up to be. A hundred percent. And you don't actually then think through, okay, well what what does that mean? Does that mean I have to then be for every war that's been hatched? Does that right? Do I not to be for making a, a a, a defense that we can actually afford? Does that mean that I think that from an economic standpoint, that we're not actually citizens before we're consumers. Like there's just a lot of unhealth in all of those. Yes. And it's not a natural coalition. I mean, famously you see this in the Democratic Party where you've got, you know, Hispanic immigrants alongside transgender activists. Right. And they clearly have nothing in common.


Everyone says that, but fewer say the obvious on the Republican side, which is that social conservatives are aren't natural pro-war people. And most of 'em are Christians for one thing. So why would they be in favor of killing innocence? Like they're not actually, they, they're believers in a religion that specifically prohibits that specifically and repeatedly. So I don't know how they've hung together for so long. I I I mean obvious about my position on this, right? I find them repugnant, murderous. So that's my view. But I don't think I'm alone in that. Like, why Are Christian conservatives naturally defense hawks? Like That's what I'm saying. Not just defense hawks warhawks. Like what, what happened in that?


Well how Did Christian conservatives wind up? And I don't want get too controversial 'cause I don't wanna hurt you, but 'cause I want you to get this job. But yeah, I'll just, I'll I'll just stop there. Yes, I agree. Without being too specific about it, but there are all kinds of acts of violence against Christians Yeah. Around the world. In fact, it's almost always against Christians. I have noticed that Christian leaders including the Speaker of the house, like defend on Christian grounds. And I just don't think, obviously I find that evil, but even if I was in favor of it, I would recognize like, that's not something that can last for long. 'cause it doesn't make any sense. Right. Well, I do believe this is why we, we, we need to be less doctrinaire on the right. Gosh.


And to think, actually think, you know, and Read those books you were mentioning earlier, Read and, and to be thinking through and ask the questions and, and trying to learn more and realize like, you know, a history book may have been written at a time to just to to with a particular political benefit and meaning to it. And so maybe we don't take everything, you know, I don't know, maybe some skills we learned in school. Right? And just common sense intuition. This is, this is a Right. Something that I think is something seems off. It's off. It's off. It's, and we, That's, that's a god-given skill that we have. We were born with it. I think it was given by God. But even if You don't believe in God, we were born with it and you see it and we Don't use it.


You see in some of the attacks on RFK, they say, well this hasn't been proven. There are gaps in our understanding, our scientific understanding. That's like their bureaucratic way of saying Yeah, your intuition's right. We just haven't proved it to be able to Well They train you not to use your intuition. It's like, why? Wait a second. I remember being in high school reading an abnormals psychology textbook that I bought at the school bookstore that had an, an entry on autism that was like two paragraphs long as this esoteric Yeah. Disorder whose origins we were uncertain of whose parameters were unclear. But it was, and I remember thinking, wow, that sounds awful. And you know, 35 years later it's like a central feature of life in America.


Like what the hell? And you're trained, and by the way, I don't know what has caused a massive spike in autism, but there has been one. Right? And so it takes a lot of training to get people to ignore that. And I do think the training is all designed to get you to ignore what you, what is obvious. I, I think it is. I think that that's the systems do it. People get into these And they, that's where they kinda get to the paradigm level. I I'm not gonna do anything that would hurt national security. I I, I came to DC I'm not gonna do anything national. Her national screening. I think that's how we lose people when they go into the skiffs. Just to go back to our earlier conversation. Yes. And you've gotta have courage to say, look what happens if, what happens if your time in office you missed a big issue.


Like maha's a new issue to me. I I admit it. I'm trying to, I'm trying to read, I'm trying to read the means book. I read, I listened to your podcast, you know, it's a new issue. But like, if I didn't get my head wrapped around it, future generations would have to indict me for me being irresponsible. I agree on, on an existential issue facing our country. So I don't think most people think like that. But in general, I think our republican coalition is unhealthy and has been for a long time because we have, and if we are the, the, the, the country will be too secular, too imperialistic and global and too economic. And I come out of the free market economist lane, right?


That's where I got my start. But we're not consumers like the notion that the end of all economic good is consumption. And so consumers get the veto on everything. It's not actually what a, a citizen in a country and a nation are. And so in, in each of those, I'm Sorry, can you, I feel like you're saying something really important and I just wanna make sure that it's fully explained. What do you mean by that? To economic. To economic. So, so You're not a socialist. I know you're not No, I'm a free market conservative. Right. I of course you're, Yep. So, but I don't believe that just because Facebook is a corporation, that means that they get to not have to answer questions about how big they are, what they use, what the impact is on our country, whether They're wrecking my kids' brains, right?


Right. Amazon giving me, you know, same day service on a book or a, you know, a product is awesome. I love it. But that doesn't mean that everything that Amazon does is something that we shouldn't be thinking through. And that our, our our our normal disposition of free market economics may make us bad at assessing companies once they get too big. What does seem like they're, as you said a second ago, we need to be less doctrinaire. And I, as someone who grew up around, you know, as a conservative around conservatives, there were these pillars, you know, hawkish on defense. Yeah.


Free market and to a much lesser extent socially conservative, which no one in DC actually took seriously at all. And they had total contempt for people like you. I assume you didn't grow up in DC I did not. Right. Thankfully the, the son of electrician and the school teacher. Yeah. So this is exactly the kind of person, everyone in DC despised like some Christian electrician, please shut up. That was their view. Sorry. I'm sure you know that, but it's a fact. I was there. So, but, but on the free market stuff, if, if you asked any questions at all, it was like, shut up socialist. And you sort of don't wanna be a socialist because that hasn't worked. And it was embarrassing, but they kind of maintained control of people on behalf of some of the worst interests in the world by invoking that.


That's slurry. You're a socialist. Oh, you're a socialist. Did you know what I'm talking About? Yeah. I mean they do in the foreign policy, you know, that that's a, you're a useful idiot for Russia or you know, you Wait, they call you a useful idiot for Russia. Well they're saying that about tulsi, they say that tulsi, right? Oh yeah, no, I've, so I've lived that. Yes, You've seen that. Yeah, I have. Yeah. In, in every one of these things, when they don't want to have the conversation, they shut it down with a slur. Of course. And, and that's, But on the economic questions, I think I've been almost hesitant to draw obvious conclusions. 'cause I don't believe in government controlling the economy. Right. No. To a greater extent that it does. I just are not good at it. And it just, it bets corruption. So I'm against that. But it doesn't mean that we have to like be in favor of usy.


Right, right. Like why is it good to charge 20% interest on a credit card? Do I have to nod along with that just 'cause I'm a conservative And that's where if the coalition was working, you'd have a lot more interesting conversations. Yeah. You know, you'd have your Christian conservatives being upset with that, having debates with the free market coalition to say like, where's a place that we can land in, in ways that previously the conversation wasn't because in this is saying, okay, that's, that's something that would come out of the mouths of, of, of our, of our adversaries. And we need more of that, I think. And, and you're gonna see it in trade, right? Like yeah. Trade's like the one big domino that president I think finally has now, you know, toppled with his election.


But there will be a sizable number of Republicans that are very grudgingly going along, or opposed to what he wants to do with what I think is a no-brainer policy with regard to, you know, universal tariffs and hire tariffs for China. And I want the money to be able to balance the books, but I also want this country to be a manufacturing producing hub. And what I found Tucker, is that even I can win arguments with those who I, who are free traders because they, they themselves have seeded the ground of independence. You know, if you, if you are, if you're comfortable with other countries making your stuff, that may or may not be important from a national security standpoint or just period, because we won't wanna have to wait for six months to have a a, you know, a, a refrigerator, you know, if you want independence, you gotta make it here.


If you don't want to have to rely on China and have Xi shut down his whole economy because he is dealing with the covid, of course, of course. Then, then the answer is independence. And how do you get to making things more here? And just, I also zoom out from a standpoint Of like, if, if my parents are paying my rent, I'm still a child. It doesn't matter how old I am. Right? That's right. And like there is a, there is a balance in every community. We're not all gonna be carpenters or plumbers or electricians, right? Like there, you're not gonna be independent as a person or a community across the board, but you would kind of hate it if we didn't have any carpenters in your community. Right. You, you'd hate it if you didn't have any plumbers in your commun community. And we've gotten to the point as a country where we don't make this stuff anymore.


And that's a real problem. And I think it's just kind of an intuition way of getting at something that has been suppressed for decades, What has been suppressed. And there are specific institutions that have made it their mission to suppress it. One is the Wall Street Journal, the other is the American Enterprise Institute, which for my whole life, 55 years have been sort of leading standards in the right wing firmament. You know, they a EI, wall Street Journal. Like people really care on the right what they have to say, and I can't wait for both of them to collapse. I will celebrate, I really will celebrate when they go under. And I mean that, but like, why haven't people who wanna put the country first, it's actual interest first built their own institutions to rival the Wall Street Journal.


N-A-E-I-I don't, I don't get It. This has been my life's work for the last four years and hopefully, you know, over the next 50 is if I laugh, live that long. 50 50. How old do you Rus Responsible? Excessive. Well you're, you're big in the Maha thing now, so may it's Possible. That's right. You know, that get that 50 on. Look, I, I, I think this is what is needed as new institutions. That's why we created the Center for Renewing America because we wanted to make sure there was a home to give elites, both in DC and in the grassroots, the, this is actually how you do what's necessary to be done. So like if President Trump gives a speech in the first term term, or you from your show are articulating something that must be done, we felt there needed to be an institution actually take that and turn it into the regulations, the translating into actually public policy.


And that has to be new. Some exceptions exist. I mean, Kevin is doing a great job at Heritage, but that's the exception, rather the rule. My my my view is that you've gotta create new institutions that are, are scrappy, are hungry. It doesn't take them two weeks to write a paper. It takes them one day to write a paper. You get it out there and if that paper's not read, you go and you like get it in front of people so that they understand it. And then when they have read it and you figure out why haven't you acted on it, what's, you know, like you, you have to work it hard. And that's gonna come from, from not sitting around a board table at a prestigious organization that's gonna come from people who are hardened, battle tested and really awesome in their mind as to what they, what they think and what they know.


I mean, since we're, we've moved toward an economy where like you can't really do anything without a billionaire on your side. I've noticed luckily, you know, good people now have Elon Musk, he's our billionaire, which is great, but big picture, it's super bad to need a billionaire to do anything meaningful. And you wonder, are Republican donors coming around to the idea that, you know, America needs to be saved and, and that what we've been doing isn't working. Do you think they see this, Look, there's a a lot of awesome conserved donors. There are. Yeah. You Would know. And, and, and many of them are, are coming to our banner over time. I think the issue is, you know, do they know about your organization, the impact?


And there's a lot of grift on the, on the, on the, and that's the problem is like, you've gotta kind of show yourself, there's so Much grift, right? It's unbelievable. So you, you kind of have to acknowledge, you know, there's a lot of grift out here, but at the same time, do everything You can to just get up in the morning and do your job and do it effectively. And then people come where I feel like the issue is is that with everyone, you're educating 'em on the same journey that I think you have. I think you've talked about it and I know I have of, of this trying to like what's, what has been off about conservatism for a while and been, I think the reason why we have lost and been on the edge of tyranny. And, and sometimes there are, there are, there are folks that still have viewpoints on that. Like when we took Ukraine, we were the first organization out to oppose Ukraine funding.


That was Risky, right? Because Putin had just invaded and gone over that. And we don't, we didn't want that, but we knew where this was headed and that was a long time for us to educate all stakeholders. Can I just ask now I'm being like mean and bitter, but why would anybody who thought that was a good idea have power ever again? Like, shouldn't that be a litmus test? I do, I do believe the Ukraine should be a litmus test for the national security team for sure. Well, It hasn't been unfortunately, But I i, it's certainly in terms of like getting a read on where someone is and then You can have whatever conversations you wanna have with them. But like, That was obvious to me. I'm a stupid cable news host, not a national security expert, but I've been around it a lot.


I'm just trying to imply common sense. Like that was so obvious in February of 2022, this was gonna hurt the United States in very serious ways. And it has. And it has. And so over time that coalition that that conversation we're having about what conservative needs, what does conservatism need to be to save the country? Not protecting, you know, your little niche within that, but exactly to save the country you were given resources to do nothing else but to save the country. And that's what your donors are giving that conversation on. The ideas is why when you come to one of our events with our donors, I hand out books. Like I I I want, I, I don't want you just necessarily to read our policy paper.


You know, I'm sure you're gonna do that anyways. I want you reading Wicker Chambers. I want you reading Rusty Reno, this Return of the Strong Gods, right? I I want you reading this stuff. We're giving out Pat Buchanan books. Like I want the whole conservative movement to be going deep in these books so that you're both enlightened, encouraged and you come outta fighting force, whether you are the practitioner here in dc the funder on the outside. And that is a, and that's a long-term project honestly, but I think it's one that's absolutely vital. Last question in retrospect, one of the things I'm most guilty about was being used by, well Bill Crystal in particular, but just as a young man, I was used by the forces to control Washington to attack both Ross Perot and especially Buchanan, you know, whatever they're human beings say flaws are, you know, obviously, but big picture, they were kind of right about a lot of stuff, correct?


Yeah, They were absolutely right. They were, they were. Yeah. And this has been, this has been an undercurrent that has been popped up at times, but is largely suppressed by the Republican establishment and their intellectual pretorian guard National Review and others. And Pat Buchanan was a major opportunity for it to punch through. And then Donald Trump really punched through, and now it's ascendant and it's about us going back and trying to think through like what is, what are some of these think, what does these, what do these viewpoints mean? Like where were they? Right, were wrong. What does it look like in health? What does it look like with ai? What does it look like in all of these different areas?


But I think it's pri primarily remembering that we're not, we're individuals. We souls, we're a nation, we're not just an economy. These are the kinds of kind of first building blocks that if you get in place, then You can have a much more coherent, convincing and satisfying public policy life. But ultimately I, you know, I think it's like Whitaker Chambers married to Pat Buchanan, married to, to someone like Donald Trump. I think that that movement over time is something that, trying to find how, how to give it flourish in life and institutions and, and will ultimately be, will be successful in saving the country. Man, if you wind up in this administration, I will sleep better.


I mean that. So Thank you Russ. I appreciate it. Thanks For having Tucker. Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson com.