
The, The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me. Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's S number one, Sportsbook two, one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt Restrictions apply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Senator, thank you very much for spending the time to have this conversation. That's good To be with you. So You've come out for a regime change in Iran as distinct just from taking out the nuclear sites. What does regime change look like in Iran? Somebody else in charge. How do you get there? Look, that ultimately has to be a popular uprising from the people. And it, it, it's not a complicated question. Is America better off with a country that has a leader who hates us and wanna kills us, wants to kill us, or to have a country with a leader who likes us and wants to be friends with us? And, and well, definitely The latter's Better. Of course. Yeah. And, and, and so that's not a complicated statement. Look, I I believe you look across the world when you have countries that have dictators that are viciously anti-America, Venezuela, Maduro hates us.


Would we, we be better off with Maduro out of power? Absolutely. I, I want our enemies out of power And I want our friends in power That I could not agree more. The question is how do you get there? Of course. And we've been trying to kill Maduro for quite some time. We have troops there. I don't Know that we've been trying to kill Maduro. I mean, we have, And I think you know that and Okay. I don't know that. Okay. Well, we, As a statement of fact, we have, so We do have massive sanctions. We try to pressure 'em out of office. Yeah. And there's all kinds of Stuff. I'm Not aware of efforts. I'm saying there's a lot of pressure coming from various parts of the US government on that government and it's still there. Yeah. Same. The country of various ancestors, Cuba, you know, 1959 we've been working on that hasn't worked. So it's, it's, I we both agree it's hard To do that.


It it absolutely is hard. And look, I think you're reasonable to ask how do we produce that? And, And I think there's a distinction between what your objective is and the means to get it. I, there are all sorts of things. I would say we would be better off, we'd be better off in China without she there. Should we invade China and topple? She of course not Better off in no national debt. You know, There are lots of things. Totally. But, but it's good to say, all right, what are our objectives? Right? And so with the ITO in Iran saying you're for regime change, I I don't view as complicated. I mean, the, the guy literally leads mobs chanting death to America. So, so that's not good. Definitely not good. But the reason I think it's important to get a little more detailed about how that might happen Sure.


Is because there's military action and progress, which we're supporting. And the president has said clearly, including last night, that he's focused on eliminating the capacity of the Iranian government Yeah. To produce nuclear weapons. You are saying we need to use military force to affect regime change. I have not said that. Oh, I I Must have missed what I said. No, no. I, I've not, not said that once. Okay. I, I don't think we need to use military force to do regime change. I said I support it. I would like to see it happen. You asked me how should it happen, A popular uprising. What, so what I've advocated for, all right, let's step back a second. You And I, we've known each other a long time. I would say we agree on about 80% of the things on Earth for sure.


And there are a lot of things and, and we can get into the nitty gritty of foreign policy as much as you want. There are a lot of things on which you And I agree not just a little bit but violently. Well, I totally agree. I was Rooting for you in your last campaign For sure. Well, thank you. Look, you have been heroic on, on the border. You have been one of the clearest and, and best voices in the, in the whole country on securing the border and, and on the absolute crisis we're facing. And in Texas I see it and live it every day in COVID. In fact, you may recall in the middle of the COVID lockdown, I was out walking my dog when the whole world was shut down and we were living in lunatic times.


And I called you and said, Tucker, your nightly monologues are the single best thing on television. Like, like I watched them like, like an injection of crack. Okay, I'm mixing my metaphor. 'cause you don't inject crack. But but you get what I'm saying. Could try. No, I mean it was, you were standing up and speaking like, what the hell are we doing in a way that we desperately, desperately needed. And so whether it's securing the border, whether it's the insanity of COVID lockdowns and the vaccine mandates, whether it is the second Amendment or the first amendment, you And I agree on a ton of stuff, the 20% where we disagree, I, I do think is meaningful. And and it's mostly in the foreign policy space.


And, and what I would say, if you'll allow me to get a little theoretical and then I'll, I'm happy to get hope. You'll get specific. I hope you'll Yes. For a long time people have perceived two different polls of Republican foreign policy. There've been interventionists and those have been people like John McCain and, and Lindsey Graham, George W. Bush. And there've been isolationists and and the most prominent of those have been Ron Paul and Rand Paul and, and there others. And, and people perceive those are the two choices. You gotta be one or the other. I've always thought both were wrong. I I don't agree with either one. The way I view my own foreign power, I, I'm, I'm with you by the way, for whatever it's worth.


I I agree with you. Okay, good. I don't know who set up that binary, but there are lots of choices Actually. Yeah. I mean, people sort of naturally fall into, I think they wanna classify people and they're like, okay, you're one or the other and you gotta be all or nothing. And, and, and the interventionist, it seems have never seen a country they didn't wanna invade. And that doesn't make any sense to me. And the isolationist, I think don't take the threats to America seriously. And And I think that's naive and it doesn't work. And, and so my view, I I consider myself a third point on the triangle. And, and what I describe that as is, is that I am a non-interventionist hawk, which, which sounds a little weird, but, but what do I mean by that?


I mean the central touchpoint for us foreign policy and for any question of military intervention should be the vital national security interest of the United States. How does this make America safer? How does this protect Americans? If it does, we should be strong. And actually another way of conceiving what I'm saying, I'm speaking theoretically, but, but Reagan referred to it as peace through strength. And, and actually I think Donald Trump's foreign policy is very much what I'm describing, a non-interventionist talk where he understands that, And I think this is historically true, the best way to avoid war is being strong.


That weakness and isolationism, I think encourages war. War. So going back to regime change, where you started in Iran or, Or so just so I I I don't think I disagree with anything you've said. So we may not be that far apart really, because you said that the single criterion for making decisions about America's foreign policy is America's national interest. Yes. That's it. Yeah. Which is also America first. That's another way of putting that as well. I Think it's the definition of it. Yeah.


It's hardly breaking news. The US dollar has been gravely devalued by Washington money printing. You print money outta thin air and the currency becomes weaker. You can purchase less with the same amount. The entire system is backed by nothing but the government's word. What is that worth? People around the world are beginning to ask. So one of the results of this is that a lot of people want to invest in crypto. Many don't know where to start. That's where Irus capital comes in. Their platform makes the crypto game smarter, easier, safer. And you can understand it with Irus capital. You buy and sell crypto inside a tax advantage to IRA. That means the same long-term tax benefits of a retirement account, paired with the freedom to invest in digital assets. They also offer secure non-retirement accounts, use an airtight security system and have real human beings experts on call. If you ever need them, you just call up and you can talk to them in person. Create an account is very simple. It takes just a few minutes. Click the link below or visit i iTrustCapital dot com to start today.


The questions, are we watching that now? So I think we are, and and from what you've said publicly, I think on Iran in particular, you And I disagree. And, alright, let me contrast it. When Obama was president, when Obama was president, you remember he talked about wanting to have military action against Syria. And at the time I tried to keep an open mind to it. I said, okay, let me listen to the commander in chief, describe to me how this is in America's interest and what your plan is. And and Bashar Asad was a bad guy. He was killing his own citizens and, and he had chemical weapons that were very dangerous. I could conceive of a commander in chief laying out a plan for, okay, we're gonna go in and say grab the chemical weapons and leave.


Like I could see that i I i, if there was a real threat to America and there was a plan to, to prevent that, I could see supporting that. So I wanted to hear what he had to say. And I listened both in classified briefings and, and public questioning. And number one, they're public defensive. It was incoherent. So, so John Kerry said, we're going to engage in an unbelievably small strike. I think that's a quote. I'm like, okay. And, and to do what? At the time there were nine major rebel Islamic groups in Syria. I'm like, okay, I agree. But s shaad iss a bad guy. You topple him and one of the nine other groups takes over, seven of them were affiliated with radical Islamic terrorism. You had Al-Qaeda.


Now Nora, I'm like, wait, how is it better to have lunatics who hate us in charge? Assad's a bad guy, but I don't want worse guys in charge. Obama administration couldn't give an answer to that. And ultimately when you press them, John Kerry in particular, I pressed and he would say, well, we need to defend international norms. What the hell is an international norm? I don't know what it is, but I'm not interested in putting us servicemen and women in harm's way to defend One. Amen. So I Opposed the, the Syria tech and, and and opposed it vocally. And it was interesting. Rand And I agreed, Rand's a friend of mine, but we, we agreed with that position for different reasons. What I was asking is, is I think the question we should ask, how does this make America safer?


The Obama administration couldn't give me an answer. So I posed it. I think Iran is very different. Let me ask what you think of how Syria wound up, because Behar said now lives in Moscow. Yeah. He was taken out by our allies and he's been replaced by a radical Islamist who was affiliated with isis. So is that a win or no? Unclear Look, Syria is a mess. So I've consistently opposed, but we Had a secular leader in a religious and ethically and diverse country. Now we have a religious extremist Islamic religious extremist who's overseeing the purge of, of Christians and alloys. Is that better? Or that doesn't seem like A win. Well, look, one of the things you said is you said he was taken out by our allies. I don't think that's right.


Israel didn't take a sought out what happened. And I'll tell you I can What about Turkey? Turkey didn't take him out. I so it was interesting. I had a long time. How Did ass get kicked out? Yeah. When, when Netanyahu was in DC a couple of months ago, he And I sat down for a couple of hours. He's a good friend of mine. And, and we talked actually about Syria. It was, he made an interesting point that I've not heard anywhere else in that he said he believes what toppled Asad was when Israel took out Nasrallah Nasrallah was the head of Hezbollah, of course. And they took him out, of course. And he, and and he made an interesting point. He said, it's fascinating how a charismatic leader, and, and Bebe said, look, Ralo was a very effective terrorist leader.


And when they took him out, that power base was supporting Assad. And that ultimately in Bebe's analysis removed the support for from Assad and, and, and toppled him. But they weren't trying to take out Assad. My view now, I don't know, I I Wait, So you don't think that, And I I don't, it is very confusing And I, I don't know that anyone really knows all the details. But you don't think that Israel or Turkey or nato Ally Turkey played any role in toppling Assad? I don't know. I don't know that they did. Look, look, my understanding of that, they clearly took out Nasrallah and Hezbollah. They've decimated Hezbollah, but Heah is waging war on them. So, so decimating Hezbollah was very good for Israel and very good for for America too.


I mean, Hezbollah hated us. I I would put Assad in the category of an unintended consequence. And whether it's good or bad, I don't know. I I think time will tell for the United States. Yeah. For the United States. I think time will tell the new leadership there you're right to be concerned. I I, I, let me step back and let's talk regime change generally. I, I mentioned Syria. I I also opposed the Iraq War. I think the Iraq war was a serious mistake. And, and we have a pattern. And going back to this binary of the interventionist and, and the isolationists, the interventionists advocate over and over again, there's a bad guy.


There's a dictator who's doing bad things to his people and they say, let's go topple 'em. And you have dictators in the Middle East who are killing radical Islamic terrorists. We come in and topple them, the radical Islamic terrorists take over and they start killing Americans. And my view, how the heck does that help us? Like Saddam Hussein was a horrible human being. He murdered and tortured people. I unequivocally bad guy, but it got much worse after we toppled him. And you ended up having ISIS rise up. I mean, that was the cause of Isis was toppling Saddam Hussein, same thing in, in, in Libya. You had Kaddafi another horrible guy that, that under Obama, we toppled him and you ended up having radical Islamic warlords taking over.


And, and so the, and it's the question I asked in Syria, okay, well what's the plan? And, and, and how is this good or bad for the United States? And, and so I don't think with Iran, I I view Iran as very different from Iraq. But up To that point, you say we disagree. I I don't hear really anything. I'm not quite sure what happened in Syria, but I, I don't know. So Right. But other than that, I don't hear anything I disagree with at all. Yeah. Sounds like we're in a complete agreement. I wonder though, is there a successful regime change that the United States supported that you're aware of in the last a hundred years? Sure. Defeating the Soviet Union and the Soviet Union collapsing, winning the Cold War, that that was the most consequential step for us national security interests of our lifetimes.


Okay. And So you would Classify that as a regime change that we affected Absolutely. Okay. And, and look, you, you, you And I are, are in my office. We're sitting next to a painting of, of Reagan in, in front of the Brett Brandenburg gate. And, and up top are the words tear down this wall in German in the style of the graffiti. Right. And I think those are the most important words any leader has said in modern times. And, and if, if you look at how Reagan waged the Cold War, and, and Reagan is very much mind model for how to, I actually think how Reagan took on the Soviet Union is exactly how we should take on China. Now, starting from the point, look, Reagan was not an interventionist in eight years.


The biggest country Reagan ever invaded was Grenada. He was very reluctant to use US military force. He Didn't respond after the 83 barracks bombing bombings. You're right. Yeah. He, he, he, he made the judgment that the risk exceeded the benefits. And, and that's a very rational decision to make. And it, and it's reflected, Trump has made those same decisions where he is willing to use military force. But, but he very much asks, okay, is this good or bad for America? Does this endanger us servicemen or, and women or not? And one of the points about the Cold War, look, nobody in their right mind wanted a shooting war between America and the Soviet Union, the two biggest nuclear powers on earth.


Firing bullets at each other is really unhealthy for human beings. Same thing is true with China. Nobody with any sense says, Hey, let's go to war with China. That that's really dumb. And a whole lot of people could die. But the Cold War showed, we've got lots of tools short of sending the Marines to fight against a regime. And one of the most important tools is the bully pulpit. And so when I say I support regime change, I actually think just simply de laying out what the Ayatollah does. And so I spend a lot of time, I speak to Iranian dissident groups, I speak out against human rights abuses. I think shining a light on the depravity of leaders is a really powerful tool that America has.


Should it, should we limit our, our activity to that? It, it depends again, the, the 'cause the US government pays opposition groups, militarized opposition groups in Iran to overthrow the government. We've done that in a lot of different places, as you know, I'm not, I'm not saying it's bad, but that's very different from what you're describing. You're saying we're making a moral case as we did for seven years with the Soviets. Our system works, yours doesn't. Yep. And I think we made a credible case for that, and we beat them over 70 years economically. And that was a huge part of it. Right. I I think everyone would agree that was the main part of it. We didn't beat them in Vietnam, in North Korea, The main part of it. But it was tied to a military buildup.


So I think it was two things. It was one, the clarity. So Reagan came in and he described the Soviet Union as an evil empire, right. And all of the intelligentsia in dc all the democrats, all the media, they're like, what a horrible thing to say. You can't say that Reagan went to the United Kingdom and he said, Marxism Leninism will end up on the ash heap of history. People were horrified. They asked him, all right, what's, what's your strategy in the Cold War? He said, very simple. We win, they lose. And that was all viewed as, as sort of a Philistine simplicity. And I think it was exactly right. And laying that out, speaking, do you know the backstory behind the, the Berlin Wall speech?


Yeah, I Do. Yes. You probably know Peter Robinson, who was a speech writer. Of course. Yes. So three times the State Department deleted those words from that speech. And three times Reagan wrote it back and the State Department argued, they said, Mr. President, you can't say this. This is too bellaco, this is too provocative. And my favorite, they said, this is too unrealistic. The Berlin Wall will stand till the end of time. And Reagan said, look, this is the whole point of the speech. And less than three years after Reagan gave that speech, the Berlin wall was torn to the ground. And it wasn't knocked down by American Army tanks. We didn't shoot missiles at it. It was shining truth and light that tore it down.


It was also rebuilding the American military. It, it, it was what was then pejoratively called Star Wars, where the Soviet Union, their economy couldn't match our military buildup. And it bankrupted that. That's an example of peace through strength.


We're sorry to say it, but this is not a very safe country. Walk through Oakland or Philadelphia. Yeah, good luck. So most people when they think about this, want to carry a firearm, and a lot of us do. The problem is there can be massive consequences for that. Ask Kyle Rittenhouse. Kyle Rittenhouse got off in the end, but he was innocent from the first moment. It was obvious once on video, and he was facing life in prison. Anyway. That's what the anti-gun movement will do. They'll throw you in prison for defending yourself for a firearm. And that's why a lot of Americans are turning to burna. It's a proudly American company. Burna makes self-defense launchers that hundreds of law enforcement departments trust. They've sold over 600,000 pistols, mostly to private citizens who refuse to be empty handed these pistols. And I have one fire rock hard kinetic rounds or tear gas rounds and pepper projectiles, and they stop a threat from up to 60 feet away. There are no background checks, there are no waiting periods. Berna can ship it directly to your door. You can't be arrested for defending yourself with a burna pistol. Visit burna BYR a.com or your local sportsman's warehouse to get yours. Stay burna.com.


I wonder, I mean, is there anybody who was alive in 1989 who wouldn't trade that America for the one we live in now? There's not one person, I don't think. Oh, Sure. Well, but I mean, just the basic metrics, Debt, Suicide rate, life expectancy. It was, I wonder why after that victory America didn't thrive in the way that we thought that it would, that I thought that it would. My family was involved in that. I mean, I, we were very focused on it in my house. Yeah. Like one, And I, I wonder two things. Why didn't the United States kind of declare victory and make some sort of arrangement with Russia that allowed like mutual prosperity rather than continuing a cold war? And second, I wonder why the United States didn't get a lot better.


Like, why don't we have better infrastructure? Why don't we have fewer homeless? Why Don do we have all these drugs? Like if we won, why do our country look like this? I walked across from Union Station this morning as you do, I'm sure every day and all these people lying in the street and sleeping outside. It's like, what is that? Look, there's no doubt there are really dangerous forces in our society. Some of it is politics and some of it is culture. And, and one of the mistakes people make in politics is thinking everything is politics. So the political answer, which I happen to believe is, is we went much further down the road of liberalism. You look at Bill Clinton who inherited the peace dividend of the Cold War being over and, and moved us more to the left. And then Obama accelerated it a lot. And so there are lots of, I agree, bad economic policies, but I also think they're cultural things.


You know, the, the, the loss of Faith. Well, Casey, I agree with All of that loss of family. I know what you're gonna say. And I agree a hundred percent. I bet there's not one word that I would disagree with. All I'm saying is like, I think it's important to step back and ask, but I actually think Russia has very little to do with it. So, Well, that's kind of the point that I'm trying to make, which is like, we're all sort of focused on beating our adversaries abroad. But what is victory worth if our own country becomes what it is now? And maybe we're spending a little too much time focused abroad and not enough time focused on the people sleeping outside Union Station. So look, I absolutely think we need to focus at home emphatically. And we need to focus on prosperity. We need to focus on reducing the debt, reducing spending, empowering people.


Lo low taxes, small businesses, American free enterprise. It's the most powerful force for fighting poverty the world has ever seen. I'm a thousand percent there. I also recognize it is a dangerous world. And, and part of the responsibility of leaders, part of President Trump's responsibility is to keep America safe. Let's go back to where we started with Well, can I ask, Ask, you've been in the district a long time in dc so have I and the city's way more dangerous and Congress runs this city. No, no, no. It's a complete crap hole. So I'm saying like the da no Iranians ever gonna kill me, but I could get carjacked here. Well, And I just don't understand how the Congress could run this city and focus on the dangers of Iran when the city has like garbage.


It's garbage. But, but Congress, Congress doesn't run the city. They, we could, Congress does run the city. It's in the Constitution. It's in the Constitution. But they, but they've given home rule. So it's a Democrat mayor, but they it Back you control the Congress. I'd Vote for it. But, but, but it is a question of math. Okay. But I'm just saying like, why, how can people ignore? It's like if my own kids are drug addicts, but I'm focused on my neighbor's kids, it's like I'm neglecting my own kids. And there's a sense in which the Congress is neglecting the country that elected them in favor of this relentless focus on other people's problems. That's the way it feels as an America. Look, there are lots of problems in America that we need to fix. Why is, is DC a pit?


Because you have a mayor and a Democrat city council that won't let police officers arrest bad guys. And in every city you see across the country, whether it's New York, whether it's Chicago, whether it's la, whether it's San Francisco, if you have Democrats, we see the LA riots where they won't let people be arrested. Alright Then why not work in regime change here? I'm, why not use the bully Pul then I Do. What do you think I do every day? And I see Republican senator stand up and say, I just walked to work this morning over people dying of drug ods. We're gonna shut this place down unless they fixed it. There's, they're mad about Putin. Like, what did Putin do to Washington? Nothing. Look, In terms of regime change, let's, let's talk this week. The, the, the, the riots in LA I've made very clear that the cause of those riots are Gavin Newso and Karen Bass.


And when you elect communists who hate America, who stop law enforce from arresting criminals, you get what you get on The streets. Amen. I agree. My in-laws are Californians. And they, and they're wonderful people that Heidi grew up on the central coast of California. And I remember I was texting with, with my, my mother-in-law and, And I, I think I sent her a video of, of criminals going to a store and just looting in California. And, and her response, she said something like, well, this is, this is really terrible. I it's, I I wish we could, it's a shame we can't do anything about this. I said, yes, you can go in and arrest them, throw their butts in jail, put them in handcuffs. Hundred percent. And it sucks. Exactly. And, and so we know how to fix these things. And, and DC is, is, I think DC voted if I remember right, 92% Democrat, Democrat policies don't work.


And they destroy every community that they are in charge of. They Destroy. Why don't Republicans assert their constitutional authority over the city? I don't. They control the Congress. Yes, I'd be all for it. Who's against it, do You think? Susan Collins is really vocally against it. So on questions of home rule, so for example, let's take an issue. You And I care a lot about the COVID lockdowns I had a couple of years ago, in the middle of them, DC was proposing the DC school district was proposing throwing out of school any child that was not vaccinated. And at the time, if I remember correctly, it was something like 40% of the African American students in DC were not vaccinated.


So they're talking about literally throwing out 40% of the kids at public school. And so I had a vote on the Senate floor to say, look, they can't throw kids outta school for this. And we ended up having a big argument. And part of the argument was home rule where there was, and Susan was the most vocal Republican. It's like, no, no, no, we have to let DC run. And I'm like, why? Co constitution gives us the power to do it. And it ended up, by the way, every single Democrat, all of them voted in favor of the DC public schools being able to throw out 40% of the black kids from school. And I said, look, you throw a kid outta school, you got a 14, 15-year-old boy, you throw him outta school, you know what's gonna happen next? He's gonna join a gang. He's gonna engage in crimes, he's gonna engage in drugs.


He could be dead within five years if that kid doesn't get an education. And the Democrats were more than happy to say, we don't care. Right now our religion is get get the vaccine. Or or to hell with you. But can, can you see, I mean, I again, once again, I couldn't agree with you more, but can you feel the frustration of people including your voters, every, you know, every American at the emphasis on foreign countries and the threat we supposedly face, a lot of which is fake, obviously over, over the kind of slowly unfolding tragedy of what's happening to our country. The, the the dollar spent, the aid packages to Ukraine to pay the retirement of civil servants in a country that we have nothing to do with the endless support for Israel.


Very expensive. When people are literally buying groceries on credit in the United States. Can you feel like it? Nothing against Ukraine or Israel, any Other country. Alright, let's stop. You said the support for Israel very expensive. How much support do we give to Israel? Well, you tell me you vote for It. Yeah, it's about 3 billion a year. Is the military assistance, Is that the only assistance? Yeah, we, we just have military assistance. Israel does not have additional assistance. There's, there's an MOUA memorandum of understanding and it's 3 billion a year. So What does it costing the support of the bombing campaign to protect Israel Right now from Iran? So I don't know Right now, but I'll tell you this. Let, let's go back to the touchstone on foreign policy. American interest.


Our support, our military support for Israel is massively in America's national security. But what does it cost? And it benefits us enormously. Well Before we can, before we can make independent judgements about whether or not that's true. And I'm certainly open to it. I think we need to know what it costs. So what's the annual cost of defending Israel? Do you know? 3 billion a Year the Last week? No, that's the aid. But I mean the u the cost of the weapons, for example, the cost of US personnel there, the cost of moving ships to the region, which we're doing Right now. The cost of moving tankers to the region, all of that. Do we know what the cost is? So look, the last week, I don't know. And, and there's some lag when the administration, I'm the constitution, the commander in chief has control of the armed forces. And so President Trump has made some decisions that will know the cost over time.


But I don't know the last week that, that I, I don't have visibility on that. The annual cost is 3 billion. That's, that's, it's a 10 year memorandum of understanding. And that's, that's the principle driver of the cost. But lemme make a point. We get massive benefits from Israel. Israel shares the Mossad is one of the best intelligence sources on the planet. The enemies of Israel, the people who hate Israel, they all hate us. It, it's almost a perfect overlap. And so if we tried to recreate, if we're just trying to defend America, we tried to recreate the national security benefits of our alliance with Israel, it would cost, I don't know, 30 billion, 300 billion. So, so can you elaborate?


And again, I'm, I'm going into this as someone who's always liked Israel and still does. But I also think at this point, given where we are, it's fair to ask rational questions about what the benefits are. Good. So does massage share all of its intelligence with us? Oh, probably not. But they share a lot. We don't share all of our intelligence with them, but we share a lot. It's a close a lot. Do they spy domestically in the United States? Oh, They probably do. And we do as well. And, and friends and allies spy on each other. And, And I assume we do. Why? I assume all of our allies spy on us. That's and That's okay with you. You know what, one of the things about being a conservative is that you're not naive and utopian. You, you, you don't think humans are all part of the reason socialism doesn't work is, is the, the, the mantra from each according to his abilities, to each according to his needs, doesn't work as a conservative, I assume people act in their rational self-interest.


It's why the Free market works. So it's conservative to pay people to spy on you. It's conservative to recognize that human beings act in their own self-interest. And every one of our friends spies on us. And I'm not Do You like it? That's my question. I'm not asking whether they have motive to do it. Of course they do. I understand that. And I, and by The way, I'm not mad At them. You're an American lawmaker. So I just wanna know, hold on. I wanna know your attitude. You said that your guiding principle, in fact, the only principle, the only criterion I said Guiding the, the, the overwhelming, I wouldn't say only is, is It America's interest? Is it an America's interest for Israel? Dep buy on us, including on the president? It is in America's interest to be closely allied with Israel because we get huge benefits for it.


And you want us, you wanna see the clearest, But, but, but I just wanna stop on the spine for a second that it, it takes place as you know, and including on the president of the United States and several precedents. And I just wanna know if that's okay and why is it okay, wouldn't an American lawmaker say to a client state, you're not allowed to spy on us. I'm sorry. I know why you want to, I'm not mad at you, but you're not allowed to. Sure. And I don't care for it. I don't wanna be spot on by you. Is that, it's kind of weird not to say that, but you don't seem able to say that. Sure. I would say don't spy on us. They're going to anyway. And by the way, the Brits are, the Canadians are like, I don't think, Well, I'm not for that at all. I think it's disgusting. But we don't actually pay their, you know, we're not their most meaningful sponsor.


We're not sort of paying for the operations of the bri, I gotta say, and this is it, it's weird. We're talking about isolationists, the obsession with Israel. Why is Israel? Well, I don't think I'm obsessed with Israel. Okay. But I think a lot of people are. And like the question, Israel spies on us. Well, so does every other country. Why are you mad at Israel? I guess all No, no, no. I'm, I'm, I'm hardly the one who's, I've never taken money from the Israel lobby. Have you Taking money from the Israel, from Apac? So APAC raises a lot of money for me, but it's actually a misnomer because the pe people who raise money are individuals, right? So it's not the PAC itself, but they're individual members. What is, who believe in the American Israeli friendship and relationship? Is it APAC of foreign lobby?


No, it's an American lobby. It's the APAC stands for the America Israeli Political Action case. What does It lobby for? So to be honest, not a whole lot effectively. Listen, I came to to Congress 13 years ago Yes. With the stated intention of being the leading defender of Israel in the United States Senate. Right. And I've worked every day to do that apac. A lot of times apac I wish were much more effective. Like they're focused On, on online. They were swamp of terrified of APAC And Apac. I'm not terrified of APAC at all. I I'm, you're the one who seems a little uncomfortable what I'm asking. No, Not uncomfortable At all. I'm just asking what APAC does.


My understanding, having known a lot of people who work At apak, I could tell you apac, Is that it lobbies on behalf of the Israeli government. Wrong. Oh, okay. It's,


America has thousands of colleges and universities. And a lot of them unfortunately, are basically just scams. It's one of those things nobody really wants to talk about. But everybody on some level knows that it's true. What's an impressive college in 2025? There aren't many at all. Hillsdale is one of them. It is the exception. They cut straight through the woke garbage. They give their students a real education, an actual education. Meet a Hillsdale student and ask yourself, is this the best educated 22-year-old I've met in a long time? Yeah. 'cause they don't have propaganda in their education. Just the truth, facts, history, English, math. If you think it sounds good, 'cause it is good. Think of this. Hillsdale is offering over 40 free online courses you can enroll in today. There's no catch at all. You don't have to pay anything. Not gonna hit you up for anything. It's free. You can learn about the constitution, the bible, the basis of western civilization, Romes rise and fall. Early Christian Church, things that actually matter, not one dime free. They have a new class called Understanding Capitalism that teaches Americans basic economic ideas, describes our own system. A system that is falling apart a lot of people want you to hate, but for 250 years has been the best and most productive in the world. You'll understand the basis of our economy from founding till President Hillsdale not afraid to preach the message our country has forgotten, which is, freedom is good, Christianity is good, markets are good. And they make this country better by raising well educated students. We endorse this as a college hater. I love Hillsdale. Go to Tucker for Hillsdale dot com to sign up for Understanding Capitalism today. The course is Understanding Capitalism. Zero Cost, just the truth. That's Tucker for Hillsdale dot com to enroll for free.


Objectively, when was the last time APAC took a position that deviated from Prime Minister Netanyahu? All the time in one. Okay. Lemme go back and give a little history. If you wanna do a deep dive on apac, we can, I don't, I wanna do a shallow dive that gets No, no. Simple. No, I wanna get to the core question. APAC is lobbying for a foreign government. False. And I don't, it's not No, it's lobbying for the United States. It is lobbying for a strong US Israeli relationship. Okay. And, and So it's not, has nothing to do with the foreign government. It, it, it wants American and Israel to be closely Alli. Okay. But it's lobbying on behalf of the, of another country. So that's not true at all.


And, and if you, it's not true. No. And How much contact do you think APAC leaders have for the government of Israel? No idea. Imagine some, I think the government of Israel is often frustrated with apac. Do think there's, do think that's not nearly strong enough? Do you think there's Any coordination between the government of Israel and apac? Do they talk? Sure. If you're lobbying for more US Mexico trade, would you talk to people in the US and Mexico and the government? Sure. Like, like if So I'm not mad about that. There are a million countries that lobby Washington. I like a lot of those countries, including Syria. Okay. But APAC or Americans, but they're not as Israeli On, hold on. There are tons of Americans who lobby on behalf of foreign governments. I know them. I'm related to some of them. I know how it works. I'm, I'm from here. So my question is not, is it outrageous that foreign governments lobby the United States?


They all do. Okay. Including Israel. My only question is why don't we admit that is what's happening? You're denying it, but it's true. It But why, why are they what you're saying false. Why aren't they registered as a foreign lobby? Because they're not. Okay. They're not a foreign lobby. No, They're not. Okay. And and this is the, there's a fever swamp. Look, It's not a fever swamp. These are very reasonable questions. And you've accused me of being obsessed with Israel, which I'm not. I I Actually haven't, I've said isolation As and being feverish about it, which I'm not at all. I'm just, I find it, it's a very tender spot when you ask it. And I don't know why. So Tucker Alright, let's go back. I was first elected the Senate in 2012. Right. I came in in Obama's second term, And I actually saw APAC be badly wounded in a way they never came back from.


And, and the second term is when Obama did the Iran nuclear deal. And, and the Iran nuclear deal, I think was catastrophic. And APAC went all in lobbying against it. Yeah. And they failed. And I, And I was the leading opponent of the Iran Nuclear deal. Oh, I know. They definitely failed. Yes, they failed. And what happened, the Obama White House told every Democrat when I got here, there used to be real bipartisan support for Israel. That has largely disappeared. And it's the Obama nuclear deal that caused it because the Obama White House told every Democrat pick, you either stand with Israel or you're a Democrat and you stand with the Obama White House. And almost every single Democrat member of Congress said, I'm a Democrat first to hell with Israel.


And then I watched as apac, every one of those Democrats got reelected and APAC did nothing about it. And, and it dramatically reduced apacs influence would be I agree. I watched it happen. And, And by the way, I told apac, I said, look, the analogy, if the NRA was supporting a bunch of politicians and cared about the Second Amendment, and you had politicians that vote to confiscate people's guns, and the NRA turned around and raised money for the people who voted to confiscate guns, you know what? No one would ever care what they said. Again, Sue, you're making the case that APAC is not as powerful as people say it is. And I completely agree with you. It, it, it, I've I've watched that and I'm not, I I'm not making the case that APAC is all powerful and they're running everything and putting fluoride in the water.


I'm not making that case at all. 'cause it's not true. I'm only trying to get to the question of what APAC is. And I don't think you're being straightforward about it. I mean, APAC Is lobbying on behalf of the interests of a foreign country and they're not registered. And you're saying no, that's not true. You're saying that they don't coordinate with the Israeli government. Of course I Coordinate. They do. They talk with them. I don't know what they do. I can Tell you, but why don't you care? Isn't it meaningful if a foreign government is, Hey, I talk With, with Israel all the time. I've talked with foreign. Of course you, you of course you do foreign countries all the time. But the law is, and a lot of people have been prosecuted under this law that if you are lobbying on behalf of foreign government, you must register. That's it. It's really simple. And I don't know why, if I'm working for Malaysia or Qatar or Belgium okay.


And I'm working on behalf of its government's interests through a group of Americans who are representing the friendship between those two nations. I have to register under the Foreign Agent Registration Act. And if I don't, I can go to jail and people have gone to jail, including people I know. Okay. So I don't understand why we don't just be honest and say they're a lobbing on behalf of foreign government. They're coordinating with the government. You know that that's true. That is not only not true. That is false. They're not coordinating with the Israeli Government. I do. You do, do you know how APAC raises money? What? For, for elected officials? Like what they do, like what the actual mechanics is. I Get that. I mean, they go to people who are sympathetic to Israel and raise money and then send it to candidates to agree with them. So, So what they'll do is, so in my last election, APAC endorsed me and they'll host a fundraiser.


They'll host a fundraiser in Dallas or Houston or Atlanta or New York or la and they'll do a fundraiser and they'll get someone who will host it. And it's usually a business owner, lawyer, doctor, or someone who hosts it. And you get typically at an APAC fundraiser, 30, 40, 50, maybe a hundred people who live in that city. Right. Who care about a strong Usis Israel relationship. Yeah. And, and if they have, you know, 50 people, each of 'em writes a thousand dollars check and you raise 50,000. Yeah, I've, that, That's, I've been to an Apex fundraiser. I know what it looks like. But, but that is not, and by the way, there's no representative of the Israeli government there you have, when you're in Dallas' meeting with, this is such a False and silly conversation. I know all this, I know all this. The question is, is are Apex goals shaped by the goals of the Israeli government to any extent.


Okay. That's, that's a really question d from lobbying on behalf of, It's a simple question is a, are apex goals shaped by the goals of the Israeli government? And I'm just gonna ask you a question straightforwardly and if you say no, I think we both know That's not true. Okay. Are they shaped by, is that a, Are they coordinating with the Israeli government to, are they Talking to Represent Israel? Israeli Israel directing the, what are you wanna talk about Farah the law on lobbying on behalf of someone. Yeah, it is. I hire you and you lobby on behalf of me. I direct you. Does Israel direct apac No, they're not lobbying on behalf of them. Okay. Do they care about them? Yes. But Do you think that, it's just interesting because what you're now describing in a very defensive way, I will say is foreign influence over our Politics.


No. And you began, and it's so transparently obvious to everybody. I don't know why you would be embarrassed of it. You've said that you are sincerely for Israel. I believe you. I don't think you have some weird agenda. You seem to, By the way, be sincere. By the way, Tucker, it's a very weird thing, the obsession with Israel when we're talking about foreign countries, it's hardly an obsession. You're not talking about Chinese, you're not talking about Japanese, you're not talking about the Brit, you're not talking about the French. The question, what about the Jews? So what about the Jews? I mean, Antisemite. Now Senator, You, you're asking the question. Tucker told me, you told, you're asking why are the Jews controlling our foreign policy Senator? That's what you just asked, Senator. I'm hardly saying that. And I have many That Is exactly what you just said. Well, actually, I can speak for myself and tell you what I am saying.


Good on behalf, not simply of myself, but on my many Jewish friends who would have the same questions, which is to what extent, And I, it's interesting you're trying to derail my questions by calling me an anti-Semite, which you are. I did not. Of course You are. And and rather than be honorable enough to say it right to my face, You are, I'm Sitting a sleazy feline way implying it. Or just asking questions about the Jews. I'm not asking questions about the Jews I have. There's nothing to do with Jews or Judaism. It has to do with a foreign government. Isn't Israel controlling our foreign policy? That's not about the Jews. You said I'm asking you. And by the way, you're the one that just called me, I think as sleazy feline. So let's, lets be clear. It's, It's sleazy to imply that an I'm an antisemite, which you just Did. No, I just said, Why is that The only question you're asking?


You answer it. Gimme another reason. If you're not an antisemite. Gimme another reason I won. Why? The obsession is Israel. I I am in no sense obsessed with Israel. We are on the brink of war with Iran. And so these are valid questions. But you're not asking, Man, If I can finish, you asked me why I'm obsessed with Israel. Yep. Three minutes after telling me that when you first ran for Congress, you elucidated one of your main goals, which is to defend Israel. Yes. And I'm the one who's obsessed with Israel. I don't see a lawmaker's job as defending the interest of a foreign government. Period. Okay. Any government, including the ones that my ancestors come from. So that's my position. That does not make me an antisemite and shame on you for suggesting otherwise. And I mean that.


And that's low. And you know it's low. So why don't you just answer my questions. I'll Answer straight, straightforward, rational Way. You certainly have the IQ to do it. So shame on you. Is is cute by the way, Tucker. It is. It's not cute. I'm offended. You're you're offended. I'm obsessed with the Jews. You just told me that You, you just call me a sleazy feline. It is Sleazy to imply that I'm an anti-Semite for asking questions about how my government is wrong. You wanna count how many questions you asked about what about the Jews, what about Israel? What about apac? I never Asked about the Jews. I I have, this has nothing to do with the Jews, whatever that means. This has to do with a foreign government. And once again, shame on you for conflating the two. They Have nothing to do with each other. I'm talking about the influence Of four Israel and Jews have nothing to do with each other.


No. All Jews are an attack on all Jews, which I am not. Nor would I ever be undertaking. Now I'm not attacking anybody, By the way, that's, that's who, who Iran wants to kill is all the Jews and all the Americans. And I'm totally opposed to that. Okay. But now, because specific, except You don't wanna do anything About it, specific decisions need to be made. We can talk about those Decisions And I plan to Good. But I just want to get a sense of whether you think having described yourself as an America first person who's only criterion for judgment on foreign policy, America's national interest, to what extent you're influenced by a foreign government, which gives you a lot of money through its lobby. And you're claiming this has nothing to do with the foreign government. They're not coordinating. Yes, you spying on us, but it doesn't bother you. And I'm sort of wondering like, what is this?


This is the one of the weirdest conversations I've ever had. I'll tell you what and I'll answer any question you like, but let's try to wrap. Are you gonna call me an antisemite again or No? Let's Try to ratchet down the temperature a Little bit. You're the one who went to motive. I'm asking honest questions. Yeah. I just asking questions. Yes. That's it. That is what I'm doing. Yeah. Let's try to ratchet down the temperature a little bit.


Picture the house of your dreams. Maybe it's got an outdoor pool, a huge front porch and inviting fireplace for a cold winters night. No matter what you prefer, there's little doubt that an American flag waving out front enhances the whole thing. What better way to welcome your guests than with a flag outside your home. But wait, there's a problem. The American flags, you're likely to buy at some big stores were made in China. An American flag made in China. Come on. Pure Talk. America's wireless company believes every American deserves an American flag that was made in America. And that's why they're determined to give an allegiance flag the highest quality American flag to a thousand veterans in time for summer. Pure Talk is using a portion of this month's sales to honor flag day and provide these American flags to American veterans with plans from just 25 bucks a month for limited talk text, plenty of data you can enjoy America's most dependable 5G network while cutting your cell phone bill in half. For real, go to pure talk.com/talker to support veterans and to switch to America's company wireless from Pure Talk.


And did you ever see a, an Eddie Murphy movie called The Distinguished Gentleman? No. It Says great movie. It's actually a fun comedy about politics. And Eddie Murphy in the movie is a conman who gets elected to Congress and he's literally a conman who the congressman dies. He has the same name. And so he runs and they get elected and there's a, there's a scene in the movie where, where Eddie Murphy is a freshman member of the, of Congress and he's sitting down with a sleazy lobbyist and he's asking the lobbyists, alright, what should my positions be on? I think they were talking about power plants and, and electrical transmission lines. And, and the lobby's like, well, what do you believe? And Eddie Murphy's the comment said, I don't care. Whatever gets me the most money, I'll do whatever gets me the most money.


And the lobbyist says, no, no, no. Pick a side. Doesn't matter what you pick. If you pick one side, we'll go shake down everyone who supports that size and they'll give you money If you pick the other side, that's fine. We'll just go to the other side and shake down that. That's a little bit the way it works. And, and you often get, get leftists in the media who say, for example, if you support the Second Amendment as you do, and I do, well, you're just bought, bought and paid for by the NRA And that actually is backwards, I believe in the Second Amendment. 'cause I believe in the Constitution. Now, am I proud that the NRA supports me? Sure. Because people who care about the Second Amendment wanna support leaders who fight for it, but it gets it backward. Look, apac, what I ran for the Senate APAC didn't support me. I supported Israel before they supported me.


I'm, I'm happy to have their support because they share my objective. No, But you're missing it. But I'm not suggesting that you're bought and paid for. I'm not saying that You actually, I wanna go back and take user Are sincere. I wanna go back and take the transcript because you just said a minute ago. Are you, I am slightly paraphrasing, but are you lo, are you lobbying for a foreign government because they pay you a lot of money? That's basically what you said here. So you are suggesting That Here, let me, let me just be clear about what I think your views seem totally sincere. Yes. You take money from people who agree with you. Yeah. I believe that. I'm only trying, trying, I didn't Take money from people who disagree with me. I wanna get that. I'm only trying to get to the question of, to what extent is the US government influenced by other governments? And it's a lot Of course, every, it's hardly Just Israel.


It's hardly just Israel. I don't think Israel's the main one. There are lots of governments. China is a massive influence on the city, and It's a huge problem. As So, you know, I couldn't agree more. And there are lots of other, the uk, which is a truly sinister place in my opinion, as a ethnic Brit, I can say I think it's, that's my view. You maybe you Disagree. I think they're on the wrong path. I, I, I love the, The Brit, but whatever, without even getting, But their government has gone Off without even getting into that. I'm just saying I don't think Israel's the only one, but it's the only one where you're instantly called in anti-Semite for asking questions. And it's also the only government that no one will ever criticize. And I find that he Criticize Israel every minute of every day. Like the only government that people will not criticize. Rashida Tali just tweeted out Paul will, is there any Paul calling Benjamin Netanyahu a war criminal?


Rashida Ali. But no, I'm, you said No one will criticize. No, I'm talking about Republicans that I would vote for, including you. I, and I'm saying I, you know, whatever, I, I don't even like talking about Israel, what I care about. I never do because it's not worth being called antisemites from APAC recipients. But now we are on the verge of joining a war, And I just want to be clear about why we're doing this. Alright, so a and, and let's get into Iran momentarily, but, but you suggested it was a strange thing that I said a minute ago that when I came into the Senate, I resolved that I was gonna be the leading defender of Israel. And what you didn't ask is why. So lemme tell you why.


No, You said, I was obsessed with Israel and you had just told me that like your driving motive to get to the Senate was to defend Israel. I'm no, I don't think I'm the one who's obsessed with Israel. Okay. I don't even think about Israel. So, Chuck Tucker, words matter. The, and you know that I said I resolved to be the leading defender of Israel. And you said your driving motive, the reason you're in the Senate, you wanna Be the leading defender of Israel. I would think if I ran for Senate, I'd be like, there are people dying of drug ods on The street. My driving motive is to fight for Texas and America and to fight for jobs, and to fight for the Constitution. And, and you played a very, very careful word, game of a lie To you. You're the one who said it. Okay. Not me. So you still haven't asked why, but I'm gonna tell you why.


Okay. And, and the reason is twofold. Number one, as a Christian growing up in Sunday school, I was taught from the Bible, those who bless Israel will be blessed. And those who curse Israel will be cursed. And from my perspective, I wanna be on the blessing side of things of The gov. Those who bless the government of Israel, Those who bless Israel, is what it says. It doesn't say the government of it says the nation of Israel. So that's in the Bible. I, as a Christian, I believe that. Where is that? I, I can find it to you. I I don't have the, the, the scripture off the tip of mind. You, you pull out the phone and use the, It's in, it's in Genesis. But so you're quoting a, a Bible phrase. You don't have context for it. And you don't know where in the Bible it is. But that's like your theology. I'm confused.


What does that even mean? Tucker? I'm a Christian. I want to know what you're talking about. Okay. Where does, where does my support for Israel come from? Number one, because biblically we are commanded to support Israel. But number two, hold On, on, hold on. You're a senator and now you're throwing out theology. And I'm a Christian And I am allowed to weigh in on this. We are commanded as Christians to support the government of Israel. We are commanded to support Israel. And we're called, what does that Mean? Israel? We're told those who bless Israel will be blessed. But, but what, hold on, define Israel. This is important. Are you kidding? I, this this is majority Christian country Define Israel. Could, do you not know what Israel is? I that would be the country you've asked like 49 questions about. So That's what Genesis ref, that's what God is talking about, the Nation of Israel.


Yes. The na And he's so is that the current borders, the current leadership? He's talking about the political entity called Israel. He, he's talking about the nation of Israel, yet nations exists and he's discussing a nation, A nation was the people of Israel is the nation, They're the Senate, the neighbor Abraham God's referring to in Genesis. Is that the same as the country run by Benjamin Netanyahu Right now? Yes. Yes it is. Okay. And, and by the way, it's not run by Benjamin Netanyahu as a dictator. It's, it's a democratic country that elected. I'm saying he's the, But he's the prime minister. What? But just, just like, you know, America, is the country run by Donald Trump? No, actually the American people elected Donald Trump. The same principle. Is there, this is silly. I'm talking about the political entity of modern Israel. Yes. And that is, that is, you Believe that's what God was talking about in Genesis. Yes, I Do. But but Let me, that country's existed since when, For thousands of years.


Now, there was a time when it didn't exist and then it was recreated just over 70 years ago. But I'm, I'm saying I think most people understand that line in Genesis to refer to the Jewish people, God's chosen people. That's not what it says. Okay. I Israel. But you don't even know where in the Bible it is. So I, I I don't Know if we can, I don't remember. I don't remember the scriptural citation, but okay. I keep, it's like Genesis 16 or something like that. But yes, it's in the earlier part of the book. But the point is, alright, Tucker, you keep interrupting me before I finish my Sentence. It's important to know what you're talking About. I don't know what you're, so you're saying as a Christian, if I believe in Jesus, I have to support the modern state of Israel.


No, I'm not saying that you, I'm explaining for me what my vote motivation is. But you, okay, so I'm just trying to understand. You said God tells you to support the modern state of Israel in the Bible in some place in the Bible that you heard about, but you don't know where it is. That's your theology. You, you're going back, am I a sleazy fee line again, I, I mean, if, If you accuse me of antisemitism again, I will say that, but I don't think you will Try to be a little less condescending. I'm trying to have a conversation. You're condescending, you're throwing this stuff out, and it's my job to figure out what you're talking about. Okay. But, And I don't Understand, but you're not letting me, Okay, I'm sorry. I wanna be polite. I, that is for me a personal motivation. But I also, what I was about to say, I don't believe my personal faith, not everyone who I represent as a Christian, it's not an argument for me to give that, that we should do this because of my faith.


And so as, as an elected official, I don't give that as the reason we should support Israel. That is a personal motivation for me. But, but I don't think it is the reason we should, the reason that I'm the leading defender of Israel is because Israel is our strongest ally in the Middle East, an incredibly troubled part of the world and supporting Israel benefits America. And the clearest illustration of that is what is happening Right now. Can you hold lemme just make this point and then, then, Okay. And then I'll just ask what you mean and that's it. Okay. Yeah. Look, Iran, I think the most acute national security threat facing America Right now is the threat of a nuclear Iran. I think China is the biggest long-term threat, but acute and near term is a nuclear Iran.


Okay? And I think Israel is doing a massive favor to America Right now by trying to take out Iran's nuclear capacity. And the reason I view Iran differently, we talked before about Iraq. I opposed the, the Iraq War, we talked about Syria. I opposed military intervention in Syria. The reason for that is those did not pose a threat to the United States. I think Iran is markedly different. Number one, the Ayatollah is a religious zealot zealot. He, he is a lunatic, but, but a particularly dangerous kind of lunatic because he's driven by religious fervor. When he says death to America and death to Israel, I believe him. And I think Iran is trying to get a nuclear weapon because there, there is a very real possibility they would use a nuclear weapon.


So you wanna ask, how does supporting Israel benefit us Right now, this tiny little country, the size of the state of New Jersey is fighting our enemies for us and, and taking out their top military leadership and, and trying to take out their nuclear capacity that makes America much safer. So the president has said repeatedly, Iran cannot have a nuclear weapon. Yes. And he will do whatever it takes to stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. He said that like a hundred times. He clearly means it. I think he will use force to affect that if he feels he has to. I think he's been really clear about that. I don't know, but it seems that way. Do do you feel that, do you think that's correct? Whether he would use force to stop a nuclear weapon?


I think he, he has put that option on the table. He certainly suggested, I mean, I have literally no idea put that what's gonna happen. But just reading his statements, he's made that really clear. So what he has been very clear about, And I I spoke with the president on Sunday, is he has been very clear to Iran that if they attack us service men and women's, of course real consequences. And, and, And I think very serious military, By the way, this is a sidebar, but I just can't resist. The prime Minister of Israel said that Iran tried to assassinate Donald Trump twice. Yeah, I I read your newsletter this morning and, and But you believe that's true. A again, I think it was sort of a word game. What is true is Iran is trying to assassinate Donald J. Trump and they have hired hit men. Now you pointed out No, he said that they tried to have tried twice to kill him.


And I, I don't know that, I don't have any evidence That's true. But I sort of wonder if that is true. Why aren't we at worth them already? Okay. And, And I I read your newsletter this morning And I thought it was, it was playing word games to, to draw a political point. How's that a word game? It's my president. Can, can I tell you? Yeah, please. Okay. You rightly pointed out there's no evidence that this clown in Butler, Pennsylvania who shot the president and was working for the Iranians. I don't think he was, there's no evidence of that. Although I would like to know more about I agree. Who and what's going on. I agree. But, but I don't find it plausible that he was working for the Iranians. So was that caused by the Iranians? No, but what is true and what your newsletter didn't acknowledge, is it true or false that Iran is currently trying to murder Donald J. Trump and his paid hitmen to do so?


Well that's, that's the question. And I don't know the Butler Pennsylvania thing. Butler Pennsylvania Wasn't, let's just put that aside. I don't know. But so, so, So Natano misspoke poke when he said those two assassinations were because of Iran. But what he was saying that is right, is they're actively trying to murder Donald J. Trump. Is there, okay, so you're aware of a yes to kill Trump Yes. That Iran is paying for, and by The way, when, when It, it has been over the last, I'd say 18 months to two years in the United States. In the United States, yes. They, they, they, and, and let me put it Out. Has anyone been arrested For the Trump attempted assassination? No. But they are also actively paying Iranian hitman to murder Mike Pompeo when he was President Trump's first Secretary of state, the first term, rather, John Bolton.


When John Bolton was National Security Advisor to President Trump. And a guy named Brian Hook, who was assistant secretary of state. Right. During the Biden administration. Wait, hold on. We go back to Donald Trump 'cause he's the president. No, no. It's a big deal. What do you mean there? When no one has been arrested for these assassinations attempts on Trump? They have, Yes. They've Hired hitman. How do we know that? All right, let, let me, let me break it down. People have been arrested. So the reason I brought up Pompeo Boltman Hook, who, who are under active assassination attempts because of their service of the first Trump administration under the Biden adminis. Well, they say that I've never seen any evidence of it. Okay. Can I give you the evidence? Well, let's just stick with Trump. No, no, no.


Because these are interrelated. So, so let me make a bloody point. Under the Biden administration, the State Department was spending $2 million a month providing security for Pompeo Bolton and Hook. And they did arrest Iranian hitmen. Okay. At John Bolton's apartment complex who ran it, I think the apartment next to him and were actively trying to assassinate him. And they went and arrested them. So yes, they caught Iranian hitman. Now it so happens Iran's not very good at it. And so they, but they are actively trying. And in fact, But what about Trump? He's the president. If there's an plot to kill Trump by the Iranians. Okay, So you, So you dispute that the Iranians are trying to kill Trump?


I of course. I mean, that's the most important question. The prime minister of Israel just said, there have been two assassination attempts against Donald Trump by the Iranians. And I think it's a very fair question. Maybe you disagree to ask what are you talking about? Okay. And and, And I agree with you that he misspoke. And So there weren't those two attempts. There were two attempts. But the, the clown in Butler, Pennsylvania and the other guy on the golf course attempt were not connected. Twos the ranges. So what, that's the part that, that he misspoke. But by the way, when you speak all the time, occasionally, what he said that was accurate is that Iran is actively trying to murder Donald J. Trump and his paid hitman. Ha. Okay. But Right. Okay, that's fine. But where are, and And he was conflating it with the, with the two attempts.


I understand. I understand. But I just wanna pull that thread 'cause it's so important. I voted for Donald Trump, I campaign for Donald Trump. Yeah. He's our president and we're on the cusp of a war. So if Iran, if there's evidence that Iran paid hitman to kill Donald Trump and is currently doing that, where's the, like what are you even talking, I've never heard that before. You've, okay, Where's the evidence? Who are these people? Why haven't they been arrested? Why are we not at war with Iran? That's A great question to Ask. How do you know that that's true? We know that it's true because we have been told that by the military and our intelligence community for the last two years. We meaning who Congress has and the public. I mean, we had multiple testimonies. I can send you Testimony.


Do we know the names of the people or where this happened or what they tried to do to kill Trump? We do not, we have not apprehended an Iranian hitman trying to kill him. We know that Iran is trying to do so In the United States. Yes. And, and by the way, like Iran put Out a, this just seems like a huge headline and you're acting like everyone knows this. I didn't know that. I, I Iran put out a whole video about murdering Trump. I Right. But I've never heard evidence that there are hitmen in the United States. I mean, trying to kill Trump Right now. We should like have a nationwide dragnet on this and we should attack Iran immediately if that's true. Don't you think? No. But If they're trying to assassinate our President, they have been for two years, they are.


Then why Are we enemies in war with them? Well, we are trying to think, Why don't we just nuke teran if they're trying to murder our president? There's nothing that you could do that would be worse for the United States than murdering Trump. And I just don't understand. And I agree with that. Why you're not calling for the use of nuclear weapons against the Iah Right now. I'm serious. If they're, if you really believe there's A murder of the use of nuclear weapon, Whatever Of the problem of, so it's, what do you mean? It's, it's So you don't seem to take the allegations seriously. I do. If you believe they're trying to murder Trump, we need to stop what we're doing and punish them. C Can I ask something? And I, And I, I mean this sincerely. So, alright, 20 years ago you were, I think it's fair to say in the inter interventionist world, you were a vocal big time, big you time.


A vocal defender of the Iraq war. I was a promoter of the Iraq war. Okay. And you've now, And I dis look, I think you think you were mistaken. I think you were mistaken. That's okay. Look, people change and learn and that's, that's part of the journey of being human. Your views have moved though. I, in my view, they've gone way too far the other end. And, and, And I, I'm totally confused why I'm confused. I'm saying, hold on. This is one of the weirdest conversations I've ever had. I'm saying if it's true that Iran is trying to murder Trump, we need to move militarily against Iran immediately. That's not isolationism. That's the most act that's a cult of violence, which I am calling for. If we believe that Iran is trying to murder our president, we need to strike Iran.


Okay. But Isolation. And they say things like, well then just nuke them, which is what you just said. Okay. Which is kind of a weird 'cause I'm upset. Okay. Because I'm taking you seriously. You don't take your own statements Seriously. I take my statements very seriously. So I've asked you, where's the evidence? This is true. And you said, well, they're trying to assassinate Brian Hook or something. Oh, which I'm against, by the way, I'm against hurting any American period. No matter. So You dispute that they're trying to murder. I'm not Disputing it at All, Bolton. I'm not disputing. And they literally arrested the hitman with Bolton. I'm not, I Don't know why that's even relevant. I'm asking about the president of the United States. Wait, it, it's not relevant that Iran relevant hit men to murder cabinet members in Trump's administration. That doesn't go to, I've already said, how credible Is it that they're willing to spend money to Do that fully opposed to that? It's awful.


I am against killing anybody actually, and especially foreign. Go. I'm asking about your allegation and the prime minister of Israel's allegation that Iran is trying to murder the killing. Killing terrorists is a good thing. Killing people who are trying to murder Americans is a good thing. Because if you're America first, you want to protect Americans. So taking out, killing Osama bin Laden was a fantastic for world. But you don't For believe that they're trying to murder Trump or you Yes, I Do. Yes, I do. I do. Then why aren't you calling for military action against Tehran Right now? Because they're not very effective in terms of hitmen. Their hitmen are not very effective. I do think. Oh, So they're hitmen, but not the bad kind, the efficient kind. No, they're what are you saying? Just they're a weak country who is on its knees.


And I think we need to Then why are we so afraid of them? Why are they the biggest threat if they're a weak country that's on its knees? Because they're trying, I'm trying to keep Track. They're trying to develop be a little less Snarky. I know, you're right. That is a problem that I have. I'm sorry. They're trying to develop nuclear weapons. They're close to developing nuclear weapons and even a weak country with a nuclear weapon. Look, I believe there is a very real possibility if the ayatollah develops a nuclear weapon that he would detonate it either in Tel Aviv or New York or Los Angeles. And that would be utterly catastrophic. That for sure. And I don't know what the chances are of that. Let me compare and contrast Iran to North Korea.


Wait, can I just ask one last question about trying to kill? You can ask any the president, you sincerely believe you promise that Right now the Iranian government is trying to murder our president. Yes. Yes. You sincerely believe Right now. Absolutely. And yet you were not calling for military action against the government that's trying to murder our president. Can you explain that? I don't think they're very effective. I do think we should, by the way, America is support. You're willing to take that risk. I think we should protect the president and we should take out our enemies. Well, aren't they? Israel is doing that Right now. But aren't they? Why would we ask for Israel if they're trying by First question was why we regime change?


That's a pretty good example of why I have for regime change. Okay, So you're saying we should just go in and take out the government if Iran, no. Why would we outsource it to Israel if they're trying to murder a president? Okay. You're, you sound like the isolationist, What I'm saying on any military judgment is there needs to be a cost benefit analysis of what are the risks versus what are the, what are the, what are the benefits in this instance, I think it is enormously in America's interest to do what Israel is doing Right now, take out Iran's senior military leadership and take out their nuclear capacity that is benefiting America. And it is a good risk reward. I would oppose invading Iran and putting boots on the ground to topple the government.


If the risk got severe enough, I would support that. But I think the relative risk is not severe enough to justify that step at this time. What I would absolutely oppose under any circumstances is invading Iran and then staying and trying to turn them into a democracy. And part of where Iraq really went off, off the rails is not only did we topple someone who was fighting radical Islamic terrorists, who's a bad guy. But then we tried the vision of interventionists. It actually overlaps with the vision of a lot of Democrats. Let's go promote democracy in the world. I agree. And it is our military's job to kill the bad guys to defend America. It's not their job to defend international norms.


It's not their job. So I have zero desire for the US military to turn Iran into Switzerland. Look, would it be nice if they suddenly became Switzerland? Sure. If I could wave a magic wand, great. But I'm not gonna send your kids or my kids to be in front of guns to go make that happen. Well bless you for that. I I think that's a, that is the lesson that I learned from Iraq. I promoted that war apparently, unlike you, I was dumber. And And I think you just articulated the main lesson of it, which is it's hard to do that. And we're not good at it. But, but, but I will. And so we are agreeing on that. I will say, as a co Vehemently agree As a corollary, that doesn't mean that that horrible evil, evil dictators are okay.


And going back to Reagan in the Cold War, we have lots of weapons. I I am happy to highlight the brutality, the oppression, the human rights abuses of regimes, even though I don't want to invade them. Because I think the bully pulpit of American leadership is really powerful. And, And I think dictator shifts are terrified. So I've spent 13 years in the Senate. One of the things I do frequently is highlight dissidents in Iran and North Korea and China in, in Venezuela. People are being tortured Miriam Ibrahim in, in, in Sudan, who, who was sentenced to a hundred lashes and then to be killed for the crime of being a Christian.


And I repeatedly went to the Senate floor and shined a light on the government of Sudan. It was corrupt, it was evil. I practically begged Barack Obama say her name. Ultimately I felt that way with the J six prisoners. Yeah. Look, yes. And, and we look, there is power to speaking out. And ultimately the international Obama never did say her name. He would not say her name. Ultimately, there was enough international condemnation. The government of Sudan let her go. And so she was not executed. And, And I actually, I, I met her. So she had a 2-year-old son, Martin. And she gave birth to a little girl named Maya. And she was in leg irons in prison waiting for the death sentence.


They were not gonna kill her until she gave birth. And they told her, we will not kill you if you will renounce Jesus. And she refused. And, And I met her. She was in DC speaking at a conference after she was released, obviously. And, And I asked her, she's, she's a a, a tiny woman, very small woman. I asked her, I said, when you were in that prison cell with, with your kids, how did you have the strength not to just give into despair? I mean that I, you know, I've never been threatened with, with murder unless I renounce my faith. And she just said to me, with with a real peaceful, she said, Jesus was with me. And it, yeah, I mean it, thankfully you And I have not faced faced that circumstance, but I do think there is a responsibility.


There's still time. There is I, And I hope we don't, I, and actually I, I'll use another example. John McCain, who you And I disagreed with on a lot of issues, I respected and admired him for his service and time as a prisoner of war. I I think his policies, I disagreed with vehemently and fought against them. But the man fought for America and he was thrown in prison. And he was tortured by, by the, by Vietnam. And he was given the opportunity to be released early. And he turned it down because he thought it would be dishonorable to lead before his fellow servicemen and women.


And when I first got here, There were no women there. But yeah. Okay, Man, you're right in that when I first got here, McCain hated my guts. And, and, and he actually referred to, to me and, and, and rand as wacko birds. I remember I have up on the shelf, I have a baseball cap that a grassroots supporter gave me with a picture of Daffy duck and labeled wacko birds, which I, I liked and, and laughed when, but when he did that, I went to the Senate floor And I gave a speech praising John McKay. And it was the day he had like, attacked me publicly. And it happened to be, it was the 40th anniversary of his release from the Hanoi Hilton. And I was consciously, I just talked about what a privilege it is to serve with someone who suffered for his country, who served.


And I didn't get into where we disagreed on policy on that speech. I just said, you know, look, I the man is an American hero and I'm, I'm proud to serve with him. But that was meant to be a statement also. Yeah. That if you attack me, I'm gonna praise you not for things that are not praiseworthy. I, if I disagree with you, I will not be shy about saying it. But for things that are praiseworthy, I remember that it was 2013. Yeah. And I felt the same way. I went to his cell at the Hanoi Hilton And I Oh, wow. I, I I agree with you Bob McCain. I just wanna end by asking you specifically about what's gonna happen next in Iran and what should happen next. So you've called for regime change. You said you don't favor the US military participating in any kind of regime change.


You said you don't think, and bless you for saying this, that the US military should try and turn it into Belgium. Yeah, thank God. But there is a third option where it turns into Syria, where it's this open wound and it causes massive migration and further destroys Europe as Syria has. Yeah. And that's a huge cost. And where lots of people die and we just minorities get murdered. And Syria again, are you worried about that? Sure. And, and listen, that lots of bad things can happen. But going back to what we talked about, the principle of defending America, I agree with President Trump that Iran with a nuclear weapon is an unacceptable risk to America.


And we need to stop it. I agree with President Trump And I, and I'll, I'll make a point, But he's not for regime change. He's not so, so he And I disagree. Look, I think he thinks it would be better. He has not said he's for it. I, and you know what? Look, it is consequential when the president of the United States says, I'm for regime change. So I understand why he hasn't, what he has said is he is drawn a red line and said Iran will not have a nuclear weapon. And, and the only acceptable outcome is complete dismantlement. They have centrifuges. They're, they're enriching uranium Right now. They're trying to develop a nuclear weapon. He said they, they, they must have complete dismantlement. I led 52 senators, Republican senators in a letter where we said, we agree with President Trump.


That's the red line. Complete dismantlement. I agree with President Trump. I agree with him, him supporting Israel, taking out Iran's military leadership, taking out their nuclear capability. And I'll point out, look, if you look the first term, I am hard pressed to think of a single foreign policy decision. Donald Trump made the first term that I disagree with. And, and that's not entirely accidental because I spent a lot of time in the first term in the Oval Office with him. And what happened in the first term often is you would have, in the administration, you had interventionist in the administration, you had isolationist, and they disagreed. They would fight within the administration. And often what it would give as an opportunity for me to come in and say, Hey, there's a middle path here that President Trump agreed with frequently.


And, and it's worth noting in the first term, he most assuredly was not an isolationist look. He took out general Soleimani, which I emphatically agree with. And in fact, I introduced a resolution that we voted on the senate floor commending him for taking out General Soleimani, who was the leader of the IRGC and who was responsible for killing over 600 American service men and women. When Trump came in, ISIS had a caliphate that had grown up under Obama that was about the size of the state of Indiana. And Trump came in and utterly decimated them. He killed the terrorists, took away their caliphate and defeated them. And he also took out baghdadi the head of isis. I mean, those are not the actions of an isolationist, but at the same time, Trump, I don't know what isolation is.


It's just a slur designed to control. I mean, I don't, I've never met an isolationist, I don't even know what that means. Okay. Rand Paul is my colleague. Rand is an isolationist. And, and Tucker, you've become one. And I don't mean it as a Slur, of course I've not You consistently say, you have said a Actually, I wanna, I wanna read from your newsletter because if you ask what an isolationist is, your newsletter, a couple of days ago you wrote, Iran cannot have a nuclear bomb. And we are hoping to get back to the negotiating table. We will see there are several people in leadership in Iran that will not be coming back. Trump said, following the strikes. Right. It's worth taking a step back and wondering how any of this helps the United States.


We can't think of a single way. Okay. That to me is the essence of isolationism. And and let me just ask you, when when the ayatollah chance Death to America, I, I believe him. Do do you not believe him? Do you think he doesn't mean it when he says death to America? Well, I think he hates America For sure. And, and, and I'm opposed to that. And do you think he's willing to act on it? It's not just hate America. He also is leading a country and trying to develop nuclear Weapon, I think under circumstances. For sure. So the question is, do you act in a way that makes that more or less likely? And that's a, that's a tough call. It's something that you can debate. One of the ways you shut down debate is by calling people names like isolationists, pretending they're like pro-Nazi or something.


Or as you did, claiming I'm an antisemite. All right. So that's not a way to get to a solution or have a rational conversation. That's the way to make people be quiet. And I I'm against that And I think these are question, Okay, So you don't like, like the label isolationist. How would you look? Look, Rand And I served with Rand. Rand is a friend of mine. But Rand poses every military action in every circumstance. Course. You don't oppose every military. This whole thing is infantile. And you know that it is, it's a way, it's a way to call people names. So which of Trump's military actions do you support? You disagree with them all? Make them and make them be quiet. Gimme another name if you don't like that. I'm not trying to have you be quiet. We, we've been talking an hour and a half. I'm asking if you don't like the name isolationist, what would, how would you describe it? I would, I would describe myself in the same way you falsely described yourself in this conversation.


Falsely. So What falsely so what did I say? False. You said that the only thing that matters in a foreign policy decision is whether it helps the United States. I didn't say the only I said the predominant. That that's what I understood. Okay. So let me revise what you said and apply it to myself and say, the only thing that matters is whether or not it serves the United States. And I feel very stung by what happened in Iraq, if I'm being honest. Pos possibly. Because unlike you, I guess I supported it And I saw us get drawn into it in a way that nobody anticipated. And I saw the cost just a month, $3 trillion. And the cost on so many levels to the United States was just so profound. And I, I Felt clearly a mistake. Felt like, Gosh, it reminds me of Kaiser Wilhelm in 1914 saying, my men will be back by the time the leaves turn.


And of course, that destroyed, destroyed Christian Europe. So it's like you don't really know where these things are going once the shooting starts. That's my only point. And calling people names anti-Semite isolationists to get them to stop talking is not the way to serve your country. That's all I'm saying. So I I'm trying to have a, a real and serious conversation. Right. And look, a lot of this has been contentious. I I wish it had not because as we started out by saying, you And I agree vehemently on 80% of the issues this discussion is focused on, on the 20% where we don't, you know, I I will say, look, on Iraq, you look at the 2016 presidential campaign where you had 17 Republicans running. If you set rand aside and his views are, are on one side, there were only two candidates on that stage that opposed the Iraq war.


Me and Donald Trump were the only two. Everyone else thought the Iraq war was a, a great thing. I think it was a disaster. So you And I agree on that as well in my view. You went, I I think your foreign policy has gone too far. So, I mean, let me ask you, is there a military action Trump has undertaken that you agree with? Because I I've not heard anything but Military. Look, I I would say it's really simple. I believe in self-defense. That's why I keep firearms at home. I think it's morally justified to defend yourself, your family, your property, your nation. And so to the extent that you can deter a threat through violence, violence always being the least appealing choice.


Violence always being, if I can finish Yeah. Always being a tragedy. I think you can justify the use of violence and self-defense. That that is my personal view and that applies to me and to the country that I live in. Those, those are my views. That's not an isolationist view. It's not an anti-Israel view. It's not an anti-Semitic view with apologies. It is, I think a pretty common sense view. But my problem is that lawmakers in Washington are light, un detail with these things. And they speak as you do entirely in moral terms. These people are bad. These people are, I'm not speaking entirely in moral terms. I'm not getting interested in killing bad guys. I'm interested in killing people who are trying to kill us. If we had that, that's different. I'm not engaging your moral Morale are, are you, are you now, because you told me that the government of Iran is presently trying to assassinate Donald Trump and that You said, and that is undisputed there, there's literally whot Disputes that fact.


Then why don't, then why don't you And I answered that military action Right now against Iran. We are engaged in military action Right Now. Then why don't you, why don't you support offensive military action? We're bombing the crap outta Israel is and we're supporting them. Israel is. Okay. So Why shouldn't the US military d defend its own precedent? I don't understand that. Look, and it goes back to, Because you don't really believe it's true. That's why Everyone, Kate, nobody disputes. I Tucker did, did I'm dispute you, you Did, you land on the moon. What other conspiracies I do you not believe was nine 11 an inside j I mean, like what? So where I've asked you the names of these people, I've asked you how, You know, know the information. I know the Hitman. I'm, I know it because the US military and the intelligence for agencies have testified before Congress repeatedly.


And what did they say? Iran is trying to murder Donald Trump. Oh. And has hired Hitmen. Do I know the name of the hitmen? No, I'm sorry I didn't. And I don't think we do either. Because we would apprehend them if we knew their names for them, Then why don't you take it seriously enough to support killing the ayatollah in response to protect our president. But you don't, I this doesn't make even make any sense. And you're calling me an isolationist. If I believed that that was true, I would support military action against the government of Iran. Okay. That's interesting because there is literally, You can't kill our president. Alright? Out of 535 members of Congress, I am not aware of one who disputes that Iran is trying to murder Donald J. Trump.


That's not even the looniest Democrat doesn't dispute that. So, so I I I don't You're saying if, if, if you believed what what is I think a fact that they are trying to You think it's a fact? Yes. What is the fact exactly what The, if they've hired it, then Where did the, in the United States? Yes. Americans. Yeah. Yeah. He's not in Iran. So they haven't hired Hitman Iran. No, but are they, am the hitman American? I Don't know. Oh, okay. I'm telling you what, and, and by the way, I'm, I'm not the ccia A I'm not, I'm not the Department of Defense. I'm telling you what they have told Us. I'm not disputing it. I'm merely saying we are, but that's, I I'm not, I'm saying the logic train has a massive hole in it. If you believe that's true, then you should by definition support killing the people trying to kill our president. But you don't support that.


Now. Now, Tucker, you, so I'm wondering what's going on here, Tucker, you took offense to the word isolationist. And I I genuinely don't mean it as a pejorative. I disagree with it. But if you don't like that term, I don't know how else to describe. Okay. What is a coherent foreign policy that says, I believe it, we're surrounded by two giant nations. By the way, isolationism has long been a, a school Of foreign, foreign policy. I believe in self-defense. I, I'm not okay. But, but I'm not into the slurs, the antisemite stuff. I, I I just don't like that. I, I'm telling you what I believe. So, but is there a single military action Trump took that you agree with? So do you agree with taking out general Soleimani? Oh, I don't know. I it turned out better than I thought. I guess. I mean, you said at the time it would like lead us to World War ii. I thought I was worried about it.


I've seen that Happen. Well, but, but that proved not the case. I was wrong as I have been many times. Did, Did you agree with taking out the ISIS caliphate? But my, well, if we took it the as caliphate, why are they running Syria Right now? And you're for that Why is that? What What do you mean? I didn't say I'm for that. You don't have a seem to have a problem with it. I didn't say that, that Isis is now running Syria. You're like, ah, we'll see. N no, I, I do Look, I mean, I know why, but by the way, I Know why you push as a sod topple. It's hilarious. You know why sounds bad, but no iso run, sir. But that's, it's fine. We'll just kind of wait and see on, on basis. It's not a big deal. You Know why it's not a big deal? They're Trying to kill Trump. Hold on a second, I'm gonna get back. So you know why I don't care. And, and, and why? And you do your like trademark s murky laugh. I know why You don't care.


Whatcha even talking about. What? Why don't I care? I don't know why you tell me because you think it's okay, because they're not making angry noises or something. But by your own standards, their ISIS is so immoral that they must die. But now they're running Syria and you don't think that we should take military action against the government of Syria because why they're isis. What I said is I don't know how good or bad it'll be. Look, I wouldn't pushing Asad out, he fell. He fell on his own in part because he was heavily supported by Hezbollah. And when Israel took out the Hezbollah leadership, he lost his basis of court. But the current ISIS leadership you don't think is bad. You can't say it's terrible that ISIS runs a country. I I am concerned about it.


Concerned. Aren't you horrified? I wanna see what they do, but They Oh, So you gotta wait and see attitude on isis. Now, On the government of Syria, they are not actively that I am aware of trying to murder Americans. And, and that's a real dividing line. Are you trying to murder Americans or not? I'm just saying it's a little weird that we wages for against isis and now they're running a country in the Mediterranean. I think that people would be very, very upset about that. But you don't seem very Upset about that. But by way you, did you agree with Trump ta taking out Al al-Baghdadi the head of isis? I'm totally opposed to isis. And what I care about is results actually. And if taking out the head of ISIS ends, ISIS, I guess I'm for it.


But now ISIS runs serious. Okay. But, but I'm wondering how does this word you weren't At the time? I mean, my point is Weren't at the time. I mean, I've taken so many different positions over the years, some of which have been wrong. I really do my best to be honest and correct if they're and admit that I was wrong. I'm not one of these people who's like, I've always been consistent. No, my views change all the time because the facts change all the time. I You're not gonna get consistency from me. You're only gonna get sincerity. Well, I look, I will say this and, and look, I believe you're sincere. I Yeah, but I'm not God, I'm just some guy watching trying to figure out the right thing for America. And, And I think because you believe you were mistaken, And I agree previously, I think you've overcorrected Overcorrected, I'm worried about turning this mess in Iran into a much larger mess.


That's the concern. And that's the, and by the way, that's A reasonable Worry. Look, I know it's reasonable And I know you've been like, you're like ready to call me all these names for asking. You're just asking questions. Yes, I am. So here's my question to you. If the ayatollah is killed in Iran, and he very well could Be. Yeah, very well could if there's A war. So I have just read in the paper this morning that Israel tried to take him out twice and Trump told them not to. I have read that. I don't have independent confirmation one way or the other. Do You think that they should take him out? So I actually talked about it as you know, I do a podcast every week verdict with Ted Cruz. And I actually talked about it in the latest podcast. And I said, look, I've seen the reporting that says that Trump asked them not to take out the Ayatollah. And I, and what I said, the podcast is, I think it's reasonable for them to decide not to try to take him out.


What they've done is targeted just about the entire top level of the military, the people that actually conduct the war. I I can see an argument that taking out both the head of state and a religious leader could make him a, a martyr and, and could cause more problems than it's worth. And by the way, if you take out the Ayatollah, I don't know that the next guy isn't just as bad. And, and so I Am what happens to the country? I, I don't know. But you mentioned before, And I wanna go back to this. You said something like you, like most other politicians are, are engaged in, in moral terms. And, and let me be clear, I am talking about national interest.


Okay? I am talking about protecting America. So there are bad guys on planet Earth that I don't think we should take out, even though they're bad guys. Good. I'll call 'em bad guys. But, but I'm not willing to use US military force to take them out. In this instance, what Israel is doing is taking out their capacity to build nuclear weapons. Why? Because they judge, judge the, the risk is too high If they got understand that nuclear weapons, they Understand. I understand that. I, I mean I understand that. I think it's in progress. I think it'll probably be achieved probably with US military support. Who knows? But the president said he's For that. And by the way, what the military support is most needed is fordo, which is the under, it's a bunker that's built under a mountain.


Right? And Israel's taken out most of the rest, like the towns, which is their big enrichment site. They bombed the hell out of it. Fordo was deliberately built deep into a mountain so that Israel couldn't take it out. And, and there's an active discussion because the US has bunker buster bombs that are big enough to take out Florida 30,000 Pounds. Yeah. Yes. And, and Israel doesn't. So and so the one military piece that Nor the aircraft to fly them to, correct. Right. But, but here's, I guess what bothers me is that I said two weeks ago, the real goal here is regime change in Iran. It's not, I don't think that's Trump's goal. And I don't, it's your goal. It's Israel's goal. I'm not attacking anyone. I'm just saying it's important to be honest and not lie and not attack people for telling the truth. So, so I believe I've been assiduously honest in this, but, but words matter.


You said the real goal here is regime change and it's your goal. And I wanna be clear. Well, You said it was your Goal. I, I wanna be clear because words matter. Do I support regime change in what I like a government that doesn't hate American isn't trying to kill us in Iran? Yes. That's a good outcome. Is that the objective of these military strikes, I don't think necessarily, I I don't know if it's Israel's, it's not my objective. My objective Is taking out, should it be the US If Israel decides we are going to decapitate the government and try to ferment an uprising against it, should the United States participate in that operation in any way? Look, I I have not called for killing the ayatollah. And, and there is nations in war generally refrain from attacking and killing heads of state.


Now the ayatollah doesn't, he's trying to kill Trump. We talked about that, but We shouldn't punish him for it. Look, There has been a long standing nations in war have refrained from, from killing heads of state. I I have not publicly called for killing the ayatollah. What I've called for is doing whatever is necessary to stop him from getting nuclear weapons. In the first Trump term. What that meant was maximum pressure. So in the first Trump term, I spent a lot of time urging the president to withdraw from the disastrous Iranian nuclear deal that Obama had. President Trump agreed with me. He did that. And then I urged him to end the oil waivers and to sanction the hell outta the country. And it ended up crippling their economy. So, so Iran at the time was selling 2 million barrels of oil a day.


1 million barrels, I'm sorry, 1 million barrels of oil a day when President Trump ended the oil waivers, it cut their sales to 300,000 barrels a day. At the end of the Trump term, the Iranian economy was in shambles. They had massive inflation. I think the regime was teetering. I think it might've fallen. I would use economic sanctions And I would use moral persuasion to try to effectuate the regime Change. But if you topple, okay, So you topple there's human by whatever means what happens then? How many people living around, by the way? I I don't know the population At all. No, I don't know the population. You don't know the population of the country You seek to topple. I how many people living around 92 million. Okay.


Yeah. I I How could you not know that? I, I don't sit around memorizing population tables. Well, It's kind of relevant because you're calling for the overthrow of the government. Why is it relevant? Whether it's, well because it's 90 million or 80 million or a hundred million. Why is that Relevant? Well, 'cause if you don't know anything about the country, I didn't Say I don't know anything about that. Okay. What's the Ethnic mix of Iran? They are Persians and what percent Predominantly Shia. Okay. This is, no, it's not even, you don't know anything about Iran. So Actually the country, I'm not the, the Tucker Carlson expert on a ranch. You're a Senator who's calling the, you're the one government Know anything about the country. No. You don't know anything about the country. You're the one who claims they're not trying to murder Donald Trump. You're the one I'm not saying that you're, who Can't figure out if it was a, a good idea to kill General Soleimani and you said it Was bad.


You don't believe they're trying to murder Trump? Yes, I do. 'cause you're not calling for, for military strikes against them in retaliation. And if you really believe That, okay, we're carrying out military strikes today. You said Israel was Right it with our help. I said we, Israel is leading them, but we're supporting them. Well, this, You're breaking news here because the US government last night denied the National Security Council spokesman Alex Pfeiffer denied on behalf of Trump that we were acting on Israel's behalf in any offensive capacity At all. No, we're not bombing then Israel's bombing them. You just said we were, We are supporting Israel. Israel. It's By stake. You're a senator. If you're saying the United States government is a no, now we're with the run. Right now people are listening. Hey, we are not bombing them. Oh, okay. Israel is bombing them. And hey, why do you do the snide OK?


What do you mean? Because it's, this is super high stake stuff. It's, this is a huge country that borders a lot of other important countries. A lot of world's energy comes from there. So let ask you don't want another disaster. You don't wanna be Reckless Tucker, the ayatollah refers to Israel as the little Satan. America is the great Satan. Do you believe him when he says it's the great Satan course? I Do. You think? Of course I believe Him. Do you think if the ayatollah could murder both of us Right now, that he would I do. I Believe it. Okay. I I I assume no good faith on the part of the ayatollah No, not good faith. And if your implication is like pro, it's I'm pro Aya or something. No, No, no. It's not good faith. It's that just saying, You're, you're a lawmaker. You're a powerful person in Washington. This is the most powerful country in the world. If you're calling for toppling in government, it's incumbent on you to know something about the country and to think through the consequences of that.


And you haven't. And you don't. And I'm saying that's reckless. I thought, Okay. You, you are, you engage in reckless rhetoric with no facts. And to be clear, I'm not calling for the over letter government. You, you put out a newsletter attacking Donald Trump and calling him complicit, never Attacked Donald Trump. Yes, you have. And and and by the way, I Campaigned for Donald Trump. Okay? Yes. And this is Like after antisemitism. This is the last refuge. You are an antisemite and you hate Trump. Okay? I love Trump. I I will read you put out a whole newsletter saying Trump has abandoned America first. And here's what Trump said in response. Well, considering that I'm the one that developed America first, and considering that the term wasn't used until I came along, I'm think I'm the one who decides that for those people who say they want peace, you can't have peace if Iran has a nuclear weapon.


So for all of those wonderful people who don't want to do anything about Iran having a nuclear weapon, that's not peace man. That was directed at You. Man. This is, you got me Busted. No, I I'm just saying, Look, I my views, look, I, I like Trump. I campaign for Trump. I know Trump. I talked to him last night, not against Trump. And you know that, I think, but You're against his For policy Right now. I think that we should be very careful about entering into more foreign wars that don't help us when our country is dying. W When you say, don't help Us, country is dying. Look, yes, focus on our country. I'm all for it. But, but the, the, the naivete, you Don't even know how much money this costs. Okay? You don't know anything about the country, who's government you want to throw overthrow, and you're calling me reckless.


I want to stop a lunatic who wants to murder us from getting nuclear weapons that could kill millions of Americans. Fair. You say, I can't see how that benefits America in any way. That is bizarre. And by the way, it's not bizarre. Isolationism, your foreign policy is the foreign policy of Jimmy Carter and Barack Obama. Oh, Absolutely. I doesn't And it Doesn't work. Yeah. I'm a big leftist. Lemme, this is so silly. I now, I'm Jimmy Carter and Barack Obama. Okay, let me just see, one last thing. So how is Your foreign policy different from Jimmy Carter's? Seriously, Please. But I, I ask that question seriously. I don't even know what you're talking about. I, I Jimmy Carter. So What century is this? I am the product of the last 25 years watching carefully being involved in the periphery.


And I see an unending string of foreign policy disasters that have impoverished and hurt Unending string, An unending string. They would include Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Syria, and our inability to stop the Houthis, by the way, in Yemen, which exposes us as weak. And I grieve over that. So these are failures. You help preside over some of them. As a member of the Senate, what Have, what failures foreign policy failures have I presided over? Well, we were unable to beat Russia in the war that you supported against Russia. You, you've been spending the last three years telling us that Vladimir Putin is evil and we're gonna beat 'em with other people's children. And a million of those kids are now dead. You've never apologized for that. That was a Full failure. By the way. Look, the, the level of number of falsehood you, you lay out just in one statement are, are, are rather stunning.


You haven't Supported the war against Russia Are, are rather stunning. So the war against Russia was caused, which I have explained at great detail by Joe Biden's weakness. But you supported The war. If you wanna talk, we can talk Russian and Ukraine. I'm happy to talk about it. I, I Do you think that's been a success? No, it's been an absolute disaster. Okay. But you supported it. Shouldn't you apologize? No, you should apologize. I'm not, I'm not gonna engage in, in the demanding of apologize. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm like, that's my point is all these failures are different that one ever says, I'm Sorry. Facts matter. Or do you just throw out like you, if you wanna talk, we can talk. Okay. I, I I do. I want to know why that seems like a true disaster for the United States.


You have supported it. Do you believe Joe Biden's weakness caused the war in Ukraine? I think Joe Biden's aggression caused it. His aggression. What? Aggression. He demanded that Ukraine join nato. How does that help the United States? It, it would is a terrible idea. And I have vigorously opposed Ukraine joining nato. Okay, So that's what caused the War. No, no, it's not. Do you wanna know what caused the war? Look, you do the dismissive, you're not actually interested in facts. You're like, okay. Okay. Tell me. It seems super ob. You're, you're absolutely right. And I'm sorry, that is a tick of mine. That is wrong. And I mean this with sincerity. I'm sorry to do that to you. I just think it seems so obvious that sending Kamala Harris to the NATO security conference to say you're gonna join NATO is what triggered the invasion days later.


Okay, so can I, this this will take a few minutes to lay out. Yeah. 'cause it's complicated. But I think the facts matter. I think two things. Cause the war in Ukraine, number one, I think Biden's incredible weakness and the disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan. Now, I believe we need to leave Afghanistan, but not with the incompetence that involved, that led to 13 servicemen and women being murdered by terrorists there. The way Biden did that was disastrous. And I think our enemies looked to the commander in chief and said, this, this president is weak. And when, when that, that withdrawal was so disastrous, I said publicly at the time, the chances of Putin invading Ukraine have just risen tenfold. Right. But secondly, and, and, and this is critically important.


Well, I Agree. That was awful. The Withdrawal, and, and it was a major cause of our enemies all said, Hey, this president is weak. And so it invited, and by the way, look, I despise war and, And I think weakness and isolationism produces war because it, it invites aggression from our bad guys. It's why I agree with Ronald Reagan's peace through strength. The best way you avoid war is being strong enough that your enemies don't wanna mess with you. But let's get back to Ukraine and, and Russia. Look, Putin didn't wake up two years ago and decided he wanted to invade Ukraine. He's wanted to invade Ukraine for decades.


Putin has referred to the collapse of the Soviet Union as quote, the greatest geopolitical disaster of the 20th century. And Putin has long been explicit. His desire is to reassemble the old Soviet Union and in fact reassemble the, the, the Russian Empire that was even bigger than that. If you wanna reassemble the Soviet Union, the natural place to start is, is Ukraine. Do, Do you really believe that Putin has territorial designs on Eastern Europe? Yes. What countries? He has said that you can go and read his hold. Hold on. I I don't wanna lose the, the narrative of what happened. So I we can go back and do that, but I I don't wanna lose telling the story first. So let me, let me explain this and then if you want to go back, we can take all sorts of digressions. But just give me a couple of minutes to, to lay out the facts of what happened.


He has wanted to invade Ukraine a long time, and he's done it before. In 2014, he invaded Ukraine, invaded Crimea. When Barack Obama was president, he invaded the southern portion. He did not invade the rest of the country. Why? And the reason is the principle source of revenue for Russia is oil and gas. And the natural gas pipelines run right through the country of Ukraine. And he didn't wanna jeopardize his ability to get gas to Europe. Right. So in 2015, Putin started a project called Nord Stream two. Did Anything happen in 2014 In terms of What? Wasn't there a coup in Ukraine run by the Obama administration?


Let me finish telling, I told you, we'll take lots of digressions in a second. Let me finish telling the, the, the, the narrative. 2015 Putin began building Nord Stream two. Nord. Stream two is an undersea pipeline that runs from Russia to Germany. The entire purpose of Nord Stream two is when it was completed and turned on, it would let Russia circumvent Ukraine and get its gas straight to Europe. In 2019, Nordstrom two was almost complete. And the conventional wisdom in Washington was, this is terrible, but there's nothing we can do about it. I didn't believe that. So I drafted sanctions legislation that was targeted to stop the pipeline. My legislation passed the Senate with overwhelming bipartisan support.


It passed the house and Donald Trump signed it in law. Why would, can I ask, why wouldn't you want Germany to have cheap energy? Be because it empowers Russia And I believe in making our enemies weaker in our friends, stronger Has blowing up Nord stream made Germany stronger, Not being dependent on Russia has made Germany stronger. So you think Germany is stronger now than it was four years ago? I think not being dependent on Russia, Germany has all sorts of problems and many of them are domestic to their own politics. Hold on. Lemme, lemme finish. I'm, I'm trying to No, but what You're saying doesn't, Germany seems so much weaker now that its energy costs have spiked and the manufacturing sector is collapsing because of that. Let me finish.


I'm focused on America's interest. I don't want Russia stronger because I believe Russia's our enemy. You And I disagree on that. We can talk about that. But I want our enemies weaker. I don't wanna go to war with Russia, but I want our enemies weaker. I don't want Europe dependent on Russia. I don't want Putin rich with oil and gas revenues and able to invest in his military and pose a threat to America. So the sanctions legislation that I authored, it passed. Putin stopped building Nords streaming to literally the day that President Trump signed my sanctions legislation into law. He signed it, if I remember right, at 7:00 PM on a Thursday, Putin stopped construction at 6:45 PM So the sanctions legislation worked and it killed the pipeline.


The pipeline laid dormant for over a year, just a hunk of metal at the bottom of the ocean. Joe Biden came into office. He was sworn in on January 20th, 2021. Putin resumed deep sea construction of Nord Stream. Two, four days later, January 24th. He did so because Biden had foreshadowed weakness on that. This issue that foreshadowing was accurate because several months later, Biden formally waived the sanctions on Nord Stream two and let Putin complete the pipeline. In January of 2022, I forced a vote on the Senate floor to reimpose sanctions on Nord Stream. Two, the week of the vote, president Zelensky and Ukraine publicly called on the Senate, please pass this sanctions legislation.


It is the last best hope of stopping Russia from invading Ukraine. At the same time, the government of Poland put out a formal statement from the foreign ministry to the Senate calling on the Senate to pass my sanctions legislation and said, if you do not, Putin will invade Ukraine. The day of the vote, Joe Biden came to Capitol Hill. It's the first time in his presidency he had done that. He went to the Democrat Senator's lunch and he personally lobbied them on this issue. Not any other issue. This was his number one issue that he came to lobby them on. They came outta that lunch. Every Democrat had voted with me twice against Nord Stream. 2 44 Democrats flipped their vote, they voted in favor of Russia in favor of Putin.


And four weeks later, Russia invaded Ukraine. That was the direct cause of the war. And if Trump had been president, there would be no war in Ukraine. So may I ask, I of course disagree with your analysis completely, but I want to be respectful. Okay. So tell me what you disagree with. I, it's, it's such a long conversation. I I've spent the last couple of years on this And I just respectfully disagree with, with your analysis, but I don't doubt your sincerity, that you believe that Putin is our enemy, that it's Western Europe should not be allowed to use Russian energy. I mean, you seem to really believe these things. My question is about results because I think it's relevant to what we're seeing now in Iran. You look back after having, you personally voted to send billions and billions and billions of US tax dollars to Zelensky to support a civil service and the war against Russia and all this stuff.


Can you say that what you did worked? So I can say what I did personally sanctioning Nord Stream two worked and prevented a war. And if Trump had still been there, if the sanction had been in effect, there would be no war. I'm in favor of avoiding wars. But Once the war broke out, you voted to fund it to the tune of billions and billions of billions. And To be clear, And did that work Okay? To be, to be clear, what I voted for, I voted for the initial tranche of funding, and then I voted against the subsequent one. So it hasn't worked. So I've been in between, I haven't been on the full Ukraine, full-throated hawk side or the anti from day one. I voted for the initial tranche of funding because I wanted Russia to lose.


I think the Biden administration administered it in a horrible way. I think they wasted a ton of money. And I think what they did was actually incoherent because they were funding both sides of the war. I I'm not, And I was very vocal and, And I, among other things, flooding a hundred million dollars to Iran, which was used among other things to help the nuclear program, but also to make drones that Russia used to fight. Okay, Sue, here's my concern. I'm not gonna defend. The Biden administration really did a lot to wreck the United States. Yeah. Did the most damaging administration In history. At the end where we sit now, Russia is stronger. It's closely allied long term with China. I don't know that Russia's stronger. I don't think that's right. Okay. I think it's pretty obvious that it is, but it's certainly not destroyed. And it's allied long term with China Maybe that look that there's no doubt Biden's foreign policy drove Russia into the arms of China With China.


That's concerning. Okay. They also have a long history of animosity. Western Europe is weaker and more in debt. The United States is weaker and much more in depth. Look, hold, hold on. So you, I get you And I are agreeing on a lot. We're agreeing, we're agreeing. Here's my question. Have you questioned any of your previous assumptions? Did you play any role in this at all? Are you responsible at all? Of course. And like you, you said you Like, what have you learned Of, of like, you, you said you've changed your mind. Yeah, a lot. I, I voted for the first funding of, of the Ukraine war, And I voted against every subsequent funding stream because it wasn't working. And I looked at what was happening and said, this is not working. And had the money been spent in an intelligent way and not wasted and had it been successful, I might've been willing to fund more, but it wasn't successful.


So I voted no. And, and the war's going to end. Look, president Trump campaigned on ending the war. I think he's frustrated because Putin has been less than eager to reach a deal to end the war. But it's going to end. You're not gonna see another dollar coming, coming From Congress. Dolinsky wants to end the war. I think Zelensky has behaved horribly. I think his Oval Office meeting will go down in history as the worst oval office meeting of any leader that has ever come to the Oval Office. I think he behaved like a pompous ass. And I think he is unrealistic. I think Zelensky spends his time with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer in the New York Times, and he believed he was going to the Oval Office as a resist figure.


And I think he's doing real damage to his country Right now. You described Him many times as a hero. I do. You I don't believe, I don't recall ever using the word hero. I will, I do say I do. Look, I'm not, I'm not a zelensky cheerleader. And I, and I'm not in the business of saying everyone we support has to be a say. And everyone we oppose has to be a villain. I'm not in the morality game. I'm in the US interest game. Why did I want Nord Stream two stopped? Because it would strengthen Russia and Russia's our enemies. It it's entirely us interest. Did you support the industrial sabotage against it? Blowing it up? So I think you believe a America did that, is that right? Of course.


Okay. I think the chances of that are zero. You think Russia did It? No, I think, I think Ukraine did it. Okay. So you, so I don't know. So I don't know who did it in terms of the theories that had been put out there, the idea that Russia blew up their own pipeline never made any sense to me at all. That that just, I I I can't even articulate why they would do that. The idea that Biden did that. Look, I could see it being in US interest to do that, to blow up North Stream too. I just think Biden was too weak. I don't believe Joe Biden did That all. But are you, And I guess you in, So, so That leads me to the Norwegians, the, the Ukrainians, nato, whatever. Look that Difference me, you know, who benefits and, and it leads me to think either the Ukrainians blew, blew, blew it up, or Ukraine's allies.


I don't think Biden did because I just, Biden was so weak. I don't think he would give the order. I, I find that implausible. But you're in favor of it. I Look, I was in favor of stopping it. I think, I think blowing it up is, is a, was a good thing. So, so I'm, I'm supportive of that. But I don't think America did that. I I don't think Biden gave that order. But in general, I Didn't see Trump giving that order, but he wasn't in office. Yeah. And you think that the largest active industrial sabotage in history helped our allies in Western Europe or other na fellow NATO members? Look, I gotta say, I don't understand. For some reason, you, you are really invested in defending Russian. I don't get that. I I'm not attacking you with that. I'm genuinely like, I don't get why you're, you're so passionate about defending Russia.


Actually, I was defending Western Europe, the, the home of my ancestors and that, you know, tripling their energy costs and destroying their industrial base. But like, I, no, no, not, no. Not like you just accuse me of being an anti-Semite in isolationist in a Russia Akia. I've not called you a NeoCon once, which you are, but I haven't said that. Think that's absurd. I I yeah. Those neocons that oppose the Iraq war. Right. But like that, that's this. Okay. But, so, okay. But I haven't called you that because name calling. Well, you just Said, which you are. I said So you just called that Okay. Called me that you just did, I, I guess what I'm saying is you're triggered. 'cause I used name calling. I get it. I was triggered when you called me names. And I'm triggered once again that you're calling me a Russia defender when in fact I'm defending Western Europe. And I don't think that you, do You think Putin's our enemy?


I well he's, well he's literally our enemy. You are funding a war against him. But do you think he is our No. You're saying we're his enemy. Do you think Putin is our enemy? I Think it is a tragedy that your policies, your policies specifically yours helped drive Putin into the arms of China forming a block that's larger than Us. So, So you won't answer that question. I don't He's literally our enemy Right now. That is a tragedy for the United States. No, No. You're saying, but you won't say he is our enemy. And look like I watch, You know what sense? I don't want to be enemies with Russia. It doesn't help us at all. It may help some people in the United States, but in general, lemme clear. I don't want To be, I I don't wanna be at war with Russia.


I don't think it is in our interest to be Russia With Russia aligned with China. That is a Disaster. But listen, no doubt. And I want Russian and China attention. So I agree with you there. But, but I think Putin is a KGB thug. I think he is a bad man Now, I don't wanna go to war with him over that. Okay. But, but I'm not naive. And, and like I watched Your episode. He's a bad man. He's a bad man. Okay, look, I Watched your episode where you went to the Russian grocery store And I, I'm, I'm Genuinely Was that disloyal? Do you think It Was just weird? It, it was weird. It was like a promo video for Russia. And I don't understand. I I'm, well, I Mean, I'm Not, if I attacking you when I ask why, right? Because I'm genuinely like, I don't Get, like when you caught me into, So you weren't attacking me. You were just noticing.


No, I, but may I ask you a question? So here, well, let me just answer yours by saying the United States, the Biden administration with your help, full support began this war on Russia in response to their invasion of Ukraine. And one of the things it was, they kicked Russia out of swift of the international financial system. Yeah. And my first response was, this is gonna really hurt the US dollar, which it has. And I hope someday we can have a conversation about that. It's really, really hurt. The one thing that we needed, which was to retain dollar supremacy. So I was interested in the, in the economic condition. By the Way, that's a reasonable point and a serious conversation to me. I'm aware, I'm aware. And I was, but I can agree with you.


Like, like no, no. But I was accused of being, I think it's weird that you went to a Russian grocery store and said it was prosperous. No, my point is, is no, it looked Like a Commercial. That It looked like a commercial. Isn't this wonderful? Like No, it wasn't argument against the efficacy of sanctions, sanctions against Russia, which you casually and enthusiastically imposed scoring a little moral victory every time, had no material effect that helped the United States. Russia is backstop by China. And when you, And I recommend that you go there and see it, it is way nicer than Washington dc Way nicer. To me. That's a tragedy. I was horrified and angry at my leaders, including you. It's like, I wanna live in a country that's nice.


So listen with low food costs and no homeless people, all right. I, I don't understand why that's too much to ask. So do I instead I get worse with Iran? No, I just want lower food costs. How's that? So look, it, it's a weird, it's not weird argument that you do often, which is, listen, things are crappy in America. Liberal. Wait, liberals have done bad things to America, so we shouldn't worry about any other enemies. They're Liberals around, not Republican senators. Republicans don't care about us. They're focused on other countries. But you wrote that in and our country is dying and you don't care. So, so because you're focused on a wrong or Putin. So you, so So you believe that I don't care about America. I guess you believe Donald Trump doesn't either. Like nobody cares. I I I Believe that your focus is way too on other countries, it's way too focused outward.


The money that you send abroad could be used here and should be What money that I send abroad. By the way, I emphatically agree with Should you send to Ukraine? You don't even know. I I emphatically agree with, with Donald Trump's, for example, dramatically slashing U-S-A-I-D-I, I think the only reason we should be deploying that is to benefit us interest national security interest and keep Americans safe. And, and so how Much did you vote to send to Ukraine? Look, you are in about $80 billion. 80 billion. Yeah. So, So you, you, you are in, you love just giving these broad characterizations that are not accurate. I I'm, I'm genuinely puzzled.


Look, I don't want to go to war with Russia. I, I, I, but I don't think they're our, our friend. I think Putin, I agree. I think Putin is a murderer. I think he's a liar. And I think he does not wish well on America. Okay. And, and there's a difference between saying that just like Reagan referred to the Soviet Union as an evil empire, and Putin was in the KGB. Look, my father was imprisoned and tortured in Cuba. I hate communist. It was actually Batista that tortured my dad. My aunt was imprisoned and tortured by Castro. I hate communist. I think communism is evil. And so I think there is a value to, there is nobody who stands up to communist China more in the Senate than I do, because I think they're evil.


Do I wanna to go to war with China? Of course not. That would be ridiculous. But I think we have all sorts of tools to stand up to our enemies. And I think China is engaged in a thousand year war against the United States. Okay. They're trying to defeat us. We're So all over the map where your family in prison in Cuba and China and all this stuff. I just, I I I agree with you. I'm totally opposed to communism. Always have been. I don't think that Putin loves us. I I'm distressed by the moral condition of most leaders around the world. Most of them, they all kill people. I'm against that. I'm just saying I wish the focus here was more On the United States. Can I say something? I actually don't agree with that statement. They all kill people. There's a moral relativism. So I don't think Donald Trump is a murderer.


He doesn't kill people. We don't have Concentration. Donald Trump, a murderer. I'm seeing You just said world leaders all kill people and, and there's a, a moral relativism. I'm hardly a moral relativism. But you are, you just, that statement was the essence of I'm An antisemite, an isolationist, a moral relativist. I'm okay. No, I'm not. Did you just say, I'm world leaders all kill people. I'm saying, I'm saying I'm against killing people in general, so, So And hyperventilating about how Putin was in the KG B or whatever. But I just wanna serve American interest. And pushing into China is not in our interest at all. But, and you helped do it and you haven't apologized, you Should. That's, and and by the way, you're the cheerleader. I helped drive him into China is a complete lie. You Funded the war against him. No, I, I authored the legislation that shut down Nord Stream two that prevented the war.


And, and if Trump had still been in the White House, we would've had the war. And, and look, the comment you made, the the reason things like moral relativism are so dangerous. Oh, everyone kills people. No, there is a difference. The United States states are moral relatively, we don't have concentration camps. We don't torture and murder people. You look at China where they've got a million prisoners in concentration camps. You look at Putin, where he is, got prisoners in Siberia. He, he tortures and murders his political opponents. Donald Trump doesn't do that. America doesn't do that. And by the way, what Are you even talking About? Other countries don't do that. I See the game. It's like I'm distress. No, you're the one playing a game. I'm distressed. No, I'm responding with facts. You don't like the facts. The, I don't even know what facts you're talking about. I'm not saying that Trump puts people in concentration camps.


I vote, I campaign for Trump. I love Trump. So did I. Okay, so this has nothing to do with Trump. I'm merely saying, When you said every world leader kills people, it drop, puts Just small more emphasis on what's happening inside the country. That's it. Is there a moral difference between America and our enemies? Is there a moral differe in America? And what is it articulated? It's, it's variable to say why, why are we a better country founded on better values than China? I'll tell you what's the difference. I'll tell you why. And I know I, Because the whole purpose of America is to protect the God-given rights that each person possesses by virtue of being created by God. Amen. By being human. That's the point of our founding documents. And no other country articulates that in the way that we do.


And that's, that's what I love about America. My family's been here a long time. I'm never leaving. So I really love the country despite going to a Russian grocery store, despite asking you questions about apac, I love America is the truth. And I, And I love Trump. So, but I just want more emphasis on America. That's it. It, I emphatically agree with America first. I think Donald Trump does as well. And I think his foreign policy has been vigorously protecting that. And I, I agree with the president. Good. Well, I appreciate you taking all this time. Sure. And I know you didn't mean it when you call me those names. Thank you, Senator.


We wanna thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it, good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bells So you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter, telling the truth. Always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.