
Trump gets selected, not exclusively, but heavily on the promise. No more of these nonsense wars that are draining the treasury, getting Americans killed, making America weaker globally. It, there's no upside at all, particularly the war in Ukraine. Donald Trump says, I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna bring it to a close in like the first hours after becoming president. I think he says that. And the question to you who actually knows the answer is how do you do that? Yeah, yeah. Well, how, how you bring the war to an end. This has been o on the table since before the war started. And, and Trump is gonna have a much more difficult position now to bring that to a, a fruition because of the horrific decisions made by the outgoing administration.


This work could easily have been avoided before it happened. The Minsk agreements, and I, I know a lot in the West like to say bad things about 'em, but the fact is that we now know Angela Merkel, Helen de France have both admitted that that was never supposed to be implemented. They just wanted to quote, stop Russia's invasion of, of the Donbass area. That's what they said, that it was for Eastern Ukraine. Yeah. To buy them time, the Ukraine side time so that they could defend against it. It wasn't to I implement. And, you know, that's true because one of the central provisions that was agreed to by the Russians and the French and German and the Ukrainians, was that the Ukrainians would change their constitution to have political autonomy and protections for the Russian speaking people in the East.


That was one of the absolute central figures, features of that Minsk agreements in The Belarus, in the Minsk, in the Minsk agreements, yeah. In 2015. And it was never done, ever. So the Ukraine side didn't implement the most important provision of it. They were also supposed to move back heavy weapons and all this kind of stuff, some of which happened. And then both sides had minor incursions over the time with artillery. That was going back and forth because the Russians are going, all right, we're not gonna implement our part of this all fully until you get that central part. And so they just talked about it all this time, and all we had to do is say, okay, Minsky agreements had no NATO in it. There was no NATO for Ukraine inside there. It was just resolve this situation. It Didn't address nato.


It, it didn't, so it definitely didn't say that they were on the table. It didn't talk about it. So since 2008 that had been talked about by the West that they were gonna come in, but the Minsky agreement would've ended all the, the conflict that was on the line of contact for essentially an eight year civil war before this one broke out. All they had to do was just implement those. And then now then Russia has no need to, to intervene because the whole issue has always been protection of the riots of the Russian people and the ethnic Russians living in Eastern Ukraine and the protection on their border not to have NATO in it. So if you get that off the table now, then there's plenty of room. But then by 2021, which very few Westerners are even aware of, is in March of 2021, Zelensky signs this law that says they're going to now take back all of the temporarily occupied areas, especially Crimea, which is a, a no-go red line for the Russians and by force if necessary.


And then Can you post possibly describe why, and lots of Biden administration officials talked about taking back Crimea. You say it's a no-go, it's not even worth discussing. Why is that? What is Crimea? Hi, Historically, Crimea has, has, was in Russia too. I think it was, I can't remember the exact year that it was, it was given to Ukraine by, I wanna say Nikita Crche May, that's that wrong. That's, so he, he gave that to them then. But it's historically, I mean, for centuries it's been Russian. The vast majority of Che gave it to Ukraine when Khrushchev controlled Ukraine. Right. When he part of all of it, The Soviet Union, right? Yeah. So it was just like, you know, moving things left and right within his controlling and holdings. But the people in it were still ethnic Russians primarily. And when they had this plebe site, like 95% of the people voted to go into Russia, when after the, you know, the coup that happened that unseated the legally elected government in Ukraine, that Victoria Newland and all these other people supported, then Putin said, well, I'm certainly not gonna have a NATO country around estoppel where I have my Black Sea fleet.


So he said, we gonna annex this thing. The people voted for it. And that's what he claimed. Now, You can disagree that that was legitimate, but that's how they voted. And that's Why Did anyone argue that you, that Crimea, the Crimean, the residents of Crimea, if allowed to vote on it again, would vote to join Ukraine? Does anybody think that? No. Anyone argue that? No, no. No one argues that because they, they know it wouldn't be the case. Right. And life has improved for the, the Crimean population since Russia and next it, it's gotten a lot better and it's gotten even better since the 2022 invasion. 'cause they got water back is one of the big things there. Yeah. So none of them would ever want to go back in, into the Ukraine side because, So if You cared about democracy, you wouldn't try and steal Crimea from its people and give it to another government that they didn't want to join.


Right. No. Especially if you care about people getting to make their own decisions, which we claim to in other parts of the world that yes, the will, the people should rule, unless of course it's somebody we don't lack, which goes back to the whole thing that happened in February, 2021, I'm sorry, 2014, right? When we Encouraged a coup, Encouraged a coup, and then supported the overthrow of the legally elected government because we didn't like what they were doing. And then we helped the actual occup, the, the other people who were going against it. So everything that violated what we claim to believe we were supportive of at that time. And that's not democracy in any way, shape, or form. No, No, of course not. But, but so that, that's the problem that we could have ended this war by doing the Minsky agreements then in 20, late 2021.


And we know this for a fact because Jen Stenberg has admitted this stuff very publicly, that Putin said, Hey, if we don't get a deal here, we're gonna use force. Jen Stenberg said, for sure. Yes. And who is Tomberg? He was the former Secretary General of nato. Right. And so he has led this, the NATO up until just very recently when Mark Ruda took over. But he said, yes, Putin told us that. But of course we didn't sign that. We're not gonna agree with that. 'cause no one can tell us who's gonna join nato. So understand, at that point, we, and of course the United States was in complete agreement with this, that war could have been avoided by simply saying what we all knew, NATO is never gonna accept Ukraine.


There's no way we would ever do that. But instead of saying that, we said the opposite, they're gonna come in. And so Putin says, then you've made my decision for me, I'm gonna, we're gonna take military action, which he said on December 22nd, 2021, he said, we will take military specific measures if this continues on. And, and it certainly, we know what happened on February 22nd. So we could have stopped the war from happening before, and then two months in we could have stopped it again. And is the Istanbul people certainly know a lot about that. Putin mentioned that when you interviewed him about a year ago. Yes. I think Serge Avro even mentioned it when you talked to him about that too. They always say, we're willing to talk. Everybody has said it all the way Through. And that way shut down by Boris Johnson, former Prime Minister of Great Britain acting on behalf of the Biden administration.


That Is, that is, that is what we understand. And and Johnson has almost never, he's, he's kind of waffled with it. But he has said, you can't talk to Putin. You can't have a negotiated settlement with him. So whether he actually did it all or was with Biden, we don't know, but we know for sure. I tried to ask you what he's directly, And he demanded a million dollars for the interview, and I'm seeing him at the end of the month, and I hope I'll be able to interview him then. Wow. Well, I'll be watching that one with great Interest. Yeah. Well, I, I don't have a million dollars in my checking account right now to pay Boris Johnson, but Yeah, But what he has said makes it very clear that that was his position. Yeah, no, no matter who it was though, that did happen. So just think about it, how many Ukrainians, allegedly around a, a, a million are dead and, and probably double that or maybe even triple that wounded.


It's a staggering number. None of them should have died. All we had to do is just say what we already know. NATO's never gonna invite Ukrainian and the war would've been avoided. Absolutely. There's, because then there's no reason for Russia to ever have invaded in the first place. Right. Just like if, if Russia was talking about, I mean, I'm hypothetically here wanting to have missiles say on Cuba or so we had a negotiation. If they had kept the missiles there, we probably would've gone to war. But we had a negotiation And they moved them off. So if we had said no NATO coming into Ukraine at that time, then Russia had no need to do anything. And they also would've backed off. 'cause it's in their interest to do so. But we didn't, so when we're talking about now, when we say, no, we democracy and, and this, you know, unprovoked aggression, which we know wasn't true because we've admitted that it wasn't true.


Now that we have what we have here. And so all of these opportunities, and by the way, there was one more in November, this is one of the worst ones in my view. In November of 2022, chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, mark Millie said, Hey, by the way, if you wanna negotiate a settlement, now is the time to do it. Because remember, that was the one year where there were two big successes for the Ukraine army. They drove Russia out of Kirson city. Right. And they drove 'em out of a huge swath of Kyiv area in the north. Yes. At that time, Russia was at its weakest point. They had forced, mobilized 300,000 people. They were scrambling just to get uniforms in a much less trained, et cetera, to stop the gap, to stop the bleeding up there. And the Ukraine side had every advantage. And Mark Millie publicly said, if you wanna negotiate his settlement, now would be a good time.


Russia's at its weakest, Ukraine's at his strongest. He goes, I'm just saying, if you wanted it, now's the time. He knew that they did. He knew that Russia as bad as it had been battered, was still Russia. They still had all the natural resources that they could ever need. They had the militant industrial capacity, which was already starting to gen up. Yes. And they had the manpower, the population, exactly everything that you need. And the mentality, because they view this as an existential fight. It's not like Vietnam was for us. Right. This is on their front door, and it is an existential fight, so they will recover. And he knew that. And So if you wanna negotiate from a position of strength, which he said, Millie at the time, now is the time. But no, we didn't, Zelensky was, now I, I think drunk with power because he's like, we beat them here.


We'll keep beating them. But militarily tucker, this is one of the things that's so important, militarily, it was evident at the time that Ukraine couldn't win because Russia, then they had, And they withdrew from Kirson City, and it was talked about a humiliation for Russia at the time. But militarily, that was the wisest decision they could have made because it would've been hard to hold onto Kione city because of the river behind them. So they moved 40,000 guys across the river, blew all the bridges so that now Ukraine can't follow that up. And so they preserved all of that manpower and all of the experience that they had, and then they ended up using them elsewhere to, to build a fortified defensive series of about five different periods. And Russia was really good at defensives.


So there was every reason to think that they've had some practice, they have had practice. And then even when I was serving during the Cold War, we, we studied the Russian tactics and we knew how hard it would be. I was in an armor unit, so I knew how hard it would be to try to do an offensive against a dugin Russian defensive line. And so when I heard in 2023 that the Ukraine was gonna have this big combined arms operation going into the Russian lines, I said, there's no way that they're gonna do that. I, I've, I've conducted operations like that before in Desert Storm with Doug McGregor and, and an armored cav regiment. I knew what it was like to go into prepared enemy defenses. And that was against a not very good unit. But to go against the Russians when they had six months to prepare was suicide.


Our leaders should have recognized that our Secretary of Defense should have recognized that. But instead they said, no, we're gonna succeed. We, we've trained them up. We've given 'em all these thousands of military vehicles, millions of rounds of ammunition, training, intelligence, support, you know, I think it was, was high Mars at that time that we'd given 'em already stingers all kinds of stuff. And I said, look, and I wrote about this ahead of time, so this is not revisionist history. I wrote ahead of time, this will fail. And here's why. You have no Air Force effectively, there's no Ukrainian Air Force. You don't have enough air defense, and You don't have enough engineering support to penetrate these minefields. And the most important ones, you don't have the trained manpower.


It doesn't matter how many people they mobilize. I know from armory calve how hard it is to mo maneuver in coordinated fashion across a broad front. It's extremely difficult. And they had this much experience in doing that. And you can't train that up in a, in a two or three months. No, it just can't be done. Our leaders should have known that. But instead they encouraged it. And then you had, I'll never forget this one, David Petras at the end of May, 2023, went on the BBC and said, I think that, that the Ukraine side is gonna do this combined durance operation. And he listed all the reasons why they're going to, and the tanks and the Bradleys and all this stuff. I think that they're gonna penetrate the Russian lines, the defensive lines will crumble, crack, and maybe even collapse, and they'll go to the AV coast.


That's what he said on the eve of this thing. And of course, it worked out the way any rational analysis would've said was a complete disaster. It never even penetrated the first light of defense. So all of 2023 went to a, a, a predictable failure. And so now then that was the next chance we had to end the suffering and say, wait, May, may I just ask, you're, you're describing the war as really a war between the United States and Russia. You're saying that these are decisions that our military leadership made or should have made? Is that I That is what I'm saying, because the Ukrainian leadership and military, they don't have the, the historical of course, experience to, of course, I mean, they only existed for 30 years. Right. We've got all of this stuff going all the way back to World War ii, world War I, I mean, we've had all kind of institutional knowledge.


And without us, nothing happens. Doesn't matter what Ukraine wants to do without our willingness to give the information, the ammunition, the weapon systems, all of it, and to apparently help with some of the plans, they can't do anything. So, okay. So I, I just don't think, I mean, Thank you. Everything you're saying makes sense. I think it's obvious once you think about it, but too few do think about it. And I think a lot of people have been lulled into this idea that, you know, there's this valiant, And they may be valiant, but you know, Ukrainian military that's fighting this war against a foreign aggressor Russia, and sort of leaving out the key point, which is the, the strategy and the munitions come from the United States. So this is a failure on the part of our military leadership as Well.


The one 100%. Thank you. But it's avoid, it was such an avoidable situation. We knew better. And So when Ukraine loses, You can look at the Pentagon and say, nice job guys, yet again, That that is exactly what I say and, and, and very quantifiable reasons why that is, though I will say it's, it's not, it's not exclusively us because Zelensky deserves specific credit arguments and, and, and criticism, because he continued to take these operations and actions, however much who actually made the decisions is, is unclear. But he actually has a lot of the say over what they did, especially over how they employ them. And so he sent his troops to do operations that really had no chance of success.


And especially, And he deserves, people claim that he's, you know, like this modern day Winston Churchill kind of thing, right? I mean, he got all this publicity in the first, well, Winston Churchill made some huge mistakes in early in his career. And because of that, I was just thinking about Gallipoli. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah. He had his Gallipoli, I guess it's like Churchill, right? Well, he was back then. Yeah. He's that version of Churchill. Well, good point. But he learned from those mistakes. And so he did a, a bunch of things right in Second World War because he learned from his mistakes in most parts. Italy's a separate issue that wasn't so, yeah. But, but, but he eventually did help with that. Well, Zelensky doesn't have any of that experience at all. And so he fought, and this place called several Dansk, Lecy Chakin, even Mario Opal, early in the war.


And in every case he stayed too long. So when his forces started, when it was clear that the Russian forces had moved in and into the outskirts of the city, they should have withdrawn to the next defensive line. They should have been building subsequent defensive lines, knowing that the Russians were gonna eventually get there, make it as expensive as You can on every, go back. And then you'll have like, alright, well back here. We're not gonna allow penetration, or we have to bring the war to an end. But instead he just stayed there and, and almost like Hitler in the end of World War ii, not one inch. So instead of pulling his forces back, he kept them in there And they were methodically destroyed. Now then you have to have new guys for the next city, and then they're destroyed. And you see what happens, Tucker, is that you destroy the ability to have a coherent offensive or defensive because the guys who know how to fight, who've learned die.


So now then you have to bring in new guys, and it's starting from scratch again. Bach moot was the worst because they lost probably 10,000 people in to defend a city that gave them no value. They should have moved back to another area, because here's the key. So like Bach mood is here and it's tough to move into, but if you had moved back here where there's a lot of open land and to the next defensive position, which higher ground than it would've cost the Russians a lot more to move across this territory. And they could have defended themselves better, but instead they stayed there, then they lost thousands of men. Abdi fka the same thing. They keep repeating the same mistake over and over. They've done it now in Tourettes, in Chas Ya. And they're doing the same thing. Head up on perk in the area down there, the, let's see, the one in the south there in the cup, not the Kons carrier.


The one in the south was one of the worst two because the, the Ukraine side held out in that town for a, a year and a half in v lidar. But then the Russians learned a lot. And so now that instead of going head on, they start flanking it and it becomes evident you're gonna lose it. But again, they would not give the order to receive. So they keep losing thousands upon thousands of trained people. So now then they're talking about lowering the age to 18 so that they can bring more people in. They're Talking about it. Actually, our incoming national security advisor is talking about it on television. Who am I like? And so I'm not, you know, it's not a personal attack, but here us policymakers have completely destroyed Ukraine. They, they pushed this war, they started this war.


I think it's, I think it's very obvious that that's what happened. You just described how, and you know, Ukraine has been devastated. They, the Ukrainian parliament made it legal for outsiders, non-citizens to buy their land. So they're gonna lose their country physically. And a whole generation's been destroyed. And now US policymakers are saying, it's your fault. You need to lower conscription age to 18. I mean, I don't, as a Christian, I'm infuriated and repelled by that. Like, what is that? I think it's one of the most disgusting things I've ever heard. I I'll tell you what I hope is really at play here. No, I know what you're gonna say, but what that, this is tactical, this is like trying to strike a tough pose to put the no incoming administration in a better spot for negotiations.


No, I think that, I think, I think that it is the incoming administrations to put zelensky in a position, right? Yeah. But to say, look, if you wanna do this, you have to go and put these people in here. But you can't because it, it's, so, it's, this has been been talked about for probably close to a year in, in Ukraine, keeps getting pushed back for the reasons that you just illuminated there. It's just they already wreck the country. Ir You can kill more young people. Right? Why would you take another generation and sacrifice them for nothing? And so it's, it's a, people are violently against that. Well, so he's putting 'em in a situation, I think, I hope. No, you're right. But So that Zelensky will realize then now you have to have a negotiated cell. How About we don't talk that way because it's repulsive. Okay.


I agree with You. Sacrifice is immoral. I Hear you. I agree with you. I, it, it is, it's anguishing for me to hear, even if it is a negotiating position, I hope it works. If that gets the war over, then okay. But I fear that they may say, Okay, why, why don't just say, look, I mean, why even include the Ukrainian leadership in these conversations? I don't understand. I mean, I do think we should apologize for what the Biden administration just did to Ukraine. I think that is our fault or their fault. But I don't know why going forward you would even, why would you have Zelensky the, you know, Mr play the piano with his dick guy? What does he have to No, I'm serious. Like why? What? He's unelected. He's not the democratically elected leader of Ukraine. There has been no, he, it's his term expired.


He has no moral right to run that country. Well see then there's more truth to that than, than a lot of people might realize because Putin last month reiterated that point. He, it's a fact we're willing to talk, but we can't sign any deal with Zelensky because he's a, he's not a legitimate leader. He went, he past, he's not president of the country. He's not legally The president of the country know. I know. That's right. So he said, until somebody gets in there, then we can sign a deal. But we can talk to the United States right now. And so I think Trump's coming in, Trump's not gonna be tied to what Zelensky does. Like, like Biden apparently was. And he, I don't, I can't imagine he's going to, whos what he thinks, because we call all the cards and Russia says, yes, America has to, I think Sge Labro in the, in the interview you had with him, said the same thing.


We'll talk, we're open to talk with, with the Trump administration. We're willing to do that. And the Biden administration could have done it at any point. And they refuse to do it. And, and now we have the wreckage that we have. Yeah, we do.


Shadowy online tech figures are buying and selling and spying on your personal information. There are plenty of privacy services out there that help prevent your data from getting stolen. But how do you get your privacy back when it's already been taken? And that's where Express VPN comes in. Not only they protect your online activity going forward, preventing anyone from seeing what you're doing. They can also remove your information from the third parties who snatched it from you. Express VPN is The best. We spent a lot of time looking into this company. We use it on our show every day. And it's added three new features. It's clearly the most effective VPN on the market. It's got data removal ID alerts, ID theft insurance Express, VP N's, scours data broker sites, and ask for your information's removal. It monitors the dark web. It tells you when anyone uses their social security number, which can happen. And it reimburses you up to a million dollars for reclamation expenses if someone steals your identity, which actually happens. So these features push VPN over the edge from Nice to have it to, you should have it, you really need to have it get started with ExpressVPN for free extra months, ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker, or click on the link in the description or scan the QR code right here.


So I'm, I'm sorry, I keep pulling you into just trying to tell a story and answer the question. And I, I keep, You know, going into cul-de-sacs as usual, but back to how this can be settled. So you just described why it's a very tough position for the incoming president. How do you, how do you end this? Well, and, and I didn't describe the worst part of it yet because of everything that we have done. And by the way, we set as a, an objective Biden did on the first day of the war in his speech to the United States, and the Secretary of Defense, Austin did so in April was to weaken Russia. That's what we said. Ukraine must prevail. Russia must fail.


Yeah. I think that was the exact phrase that Biden used. And, and Austin said that we have to weaken Russia. That was our objective. Instead, Why would we want to weaken Russia Just to be, it impossible Them to secure their nuclear arsenal and to make sure that like some right violent Muslim separatist group takes control of parts of the country. Like what? I don't, why would we want that? Want that We don't like them just because we don't lack Russia. There's too many people in power still today in Washington that grew up in the Cold War and, and were mourning the loss of the, of the Soviet Union and the enemy. We should have ended. Na, I Didn't like Mummar Kaddafi. But has Libya improved since he was murdered? Oh Lord. Yeah. They have slave markets in Tripoli. So how's that a win for anyone? Like what, who's, who are these people?


Like how can people that stupid be in charge of anything? Because they replicate themselves. They're the ones that are in charge. And so they don't let anybody else rise up. That's, and even to the lower and the middle levels, unless they give into the, the way people think there, if you're not like me, forget it. If you're talking about doing something that makes sense, that doesn't mean more war. You're gonna get rid of. Look at Tulsi Gabbard. They are terrified of having somebody of her quality in that position of DNI because they know she'll actually tell the truth. Yeah. She'll actually faithfully tell what the intelligence is as opposed to just slanting it so that The president gets wrong information or slanted information that makes him think, yeah, you should go and use more military forces.


It's totally right. Whatever it is, it's totally right. So that's why these people are still in power today. But yeah, you're right there, there was no reason to want to weaken Russia. We should have wanted to end the war. And if we cared about the Ukrainian people, that's what we would've done. We would've prevented it, or at least ended it when it came in. But instead we wanted to weaken Russia. So why not keep the war going? Because the Ukrainian people are willing to do it. Zelensky is willing to keep them going in there. Even those, any rational explanation could have shown the opposite. Okay? So we achieved the opposite. Russia is now much stronger than it was in February, 2022. The Ukraine side is much weaker than it was. We are much weaker than we were. Just imagine, just fundamentally, how many thousands of armored vehicles have we sent to, to the Ukraine side?


How many interceptor missiles have we sent? Almost all of our atum missiles have been sent to Ukraine. We don't even have a handful left. What if we get into a war with somebody, God forbid it should be China or North Korea, or, or you know, even more, God forbid if it should be Russia. What if we have to defend ourselves? We have now just eaten into our capacity to even wage war. And, and, and now then you have the Russian side has gone to the opposite side because they have now mobilized their industry. They've now expanded their army by 50% from where it started. They do have a lot of people that are, have gotten experience in this army and lived. And so now then their institution is growing even more capable.


So that's why this is so hard for Trump, because Putin is coming in saying he's willing to talk, he's willing to have negotiations, but he set some pretty high standards. I think when you talked to Putin in February of last year, he, he, he, when you ask him what his terms were, he kind of went back. He said, well, we've already talked about this Istanbul. So maybe something like that. Well, because we didn't take it. And then we allowed long range weapons to be used by Americans into, to Russia. Putin said, that deal's now off the table. Now on June 14th, he listed a new set of deal, which is all for the old, lost all of it, even the territory that Ukraine still owns. So now it's not gonna be that deal before, because that would've been just the Donbas area, just the Lou Hanskin.


Now it's gonna be bigger. But then Biden didn't accept that either. And so now then with all the price that Russia has paid there and the strength, they don't have to negotiate. This is so important to understand. Ukraine has to negotiate to survive. We have to negotiate to get the war over. Putin doesn't, if he doesn't get the deal he wants, he'll just keep rolling until he does. And I believe that the likelihood is that they would take all the way up to the Dapper River, even if it took another six, nine months of fighting. I don't see any way that they're gonna stop fighting here. And they've said, so they've said, we are not Labro about three weeks ago, said no, kind of ceasefire, we're not gonna do a pause because that would just help the other side there.


We are gonna keep fighting and we'll negotiate, we'll talk, but we're not gonna stop fighting. So there's no ceasefire that's gonna be involved, because that would help the Ukraine side to the, that's so to the river, which is a considerable distance from where they are. Yeah, but see, here's the, It's so how far does that put them from the capital city? Well, the, the network goes into Kyiv. I'm aware. That's why I'm asking that. Yes. So I, I, I think that the, the likelihood is that Odessa and Kiv cities are probably not gonna remain on, on the Western side if Trump doesn't come in and give Putin everything he wants on the first day. And I perceive, and I certainly don't know this, no, I haven't talked to Putin, so I don't know, but I perceive that he's set these lines here on the, the 14 June lines, which were all of those four OBLs because there's large swaths that Ukraine still owns.


It would be so hard, maybe even impossible, politically, domestically for Trump to, to give away areas that Ukraine hasn't lost in the war and agree to that. And so if Putin, if, if Trump, you know, with the Kellogg plan or whatever, they try to say they want NATO put off, or you know, they want the current line of contact to be the, the dividing line, then Russia will just say, okay, we tried to negotiate with you, we didn't. And they'll just keep going until they get to the Epper River because we can't stop them. If, if, if Trump says, okay, well I'm gonna get tough and I I'll give more stuff to you than you've, than Biden did. Well, first we don't have it. But second, it doesn't matter because they don't have the manpower. We Literally don't have it.


We don't. And, and Tucker, if, if Trump said, all right, well, I'm gonna go in big, I'm gonna take the First Armor division, first infinite division, first Cav division, all of that equipment, the whole set, and just give it powerful divisions that we have there and just hand it to the Ukraines. They don't have the manpower to use it. They would still lose just as much. But then you Also have a, a problem, which is this, Donald Trump just ran for office on the Promise no more, you know, counterproductive wars. And so if his first act in, you know, as president in office is to arm Ukraine. Like, I, I don't, I don't see how that works, honestly. I I, it's, I I can see where he would have that temptation.


And I know that he's gonna have that suggestion from many of his supporters. 'cause I've been reading about him already because I say, we gotta show him he's tough. But Trump, well, not His supporters, his, the, the, you know, the neocons in Washington, you know, Fair point. Yes. That is exactly What I mean. Trump voters are for that like right around zero probably. Yeah. Yeah. They're, they're definitely not because they know, they can see what we're talking about here. It's a, it's nothing but a losing prospect. Why pay more to lose? So why is it our, how do we get involved in this? Because the bad can, but you guys Get a fight down the street and I like bankrupt my family and put their lives at risk to like, what That that is exactly what we're talking about here. Yeah. And it's, it's much worse because it that, and also we're bankrupting ourself while we're enabling that family to die even more.


Exactly. And more of them. So it's immoral and irrational in my view. Yes. So, but, but here's the problem that trump's political enemies here, and, and I've already seen it. Biden has absolutely set this up. He just said last week that I have created all this great situation here where my, our enemies are weaker and our friends are stronger. And I'm handing this over to Trump. You had Secretary Blinken say, you know what, we have helped. Secretary Blinken is a criminal, by the way. And if he retains a security clearance after January 20th, I'm, I'm gonna every single day raise the alarm. I mean, there's no way that Tony Blinken should have a security clearance after Trump is inaugurated. But I know he, he's gonna, what?


It's super simple. Just pull Tony Blinken security code. Tony Blinken is a, you know, I think was running the US government hurting this country more than maybe any other single person in the, in my lifetime. And yeah, that man deserves to, I I should be held to account for what he did. A hundred percent agree. And, and, and, and his, his exit interview showed why he actually told that interviewer last week that we have put Ukraine in a stronger position, militarily, economically and domestically. Are you serious? Oh yeah. He says straight up and we have them on a sustained path to continue improving. And then he said, but if, if Trump, you know, comes in And they negotiate an end, that's up to them. Those Are lies. Can't do. He's A liar. 100%.


And I know, 'cause I travel a and you know, last weekend I had a meeting at, you know, in a ski resort in the Alps, which is probably the most expensive town in the world. I was not there to ski for the record. But the whole town is Ukrainian. You know, all the visitors Ukrainian and they're rolling into air maze and dropping a million dollars in an afternoon. Okay? So it's, it's all through Europe. You see this, the richest people are the Ukrainians. That money is ours. It belongs to me and you and every other American taxpayer. That's where it's going. Second fact, fact not guess fact is Ukrainian military is selling a huge percentage up to half of the arms that we send them half. And I'm not guessing about this. I know that for a fact. A fact, okay. Not speculation. And they're selling it.


And a lot of us winding up with the drug cartels on our border. So this is the, this, this is a crime. What's happening, our intel agencies are fully aware of this. You tell me they're not profiting from this. Of course you think CIA is not profiting from this. Yes, they are. I can't prove that. But I believe that what they don't know this. I know this, but they don't know this. They know this. And no one is saying it like, no American seems aware of this. We're sending these arms to Ukraine, billions of billions. Hundreds of billions of dollars. And it's being stolen and sold to our actual enemies. Like what the, I'm trying not to swear. What is this? Yeah, well the reason why is because you have zelensky, it was about three weeks ago, I think was specifically asked this question. So he went at some length in one of his interviews to say, oh no, absolutely not.


There's no truth to that at all. We've implemented all of this thing. That's a lie. I know that. But the, the media just reported what he said, The media, you know, the New York Times could get on the web and order Ukrainian weapons. That's a fact. I'm not guessing it's a fact. They could do that today. Like everyone who wants to know what's going on knows. And yet they're telling me, oh, 70,000 Ukrainians have died. 70,000 really think that's the number. Everything about this is a lie. And Tony Blinken of course, 'cause he's running the US government knows that it's all a lie. And so for him to say that out loud is evil. Like that's truly deceptive, I think. Oh, And 100% it is because it is, and in direct contradiction to reality on the ground, They're selling weapons to the drug cartels.


Are you kidding? This is a nightmare. I don't understand. Why is nobody reporting? How come I know that? Yeah, that's, that's one of Bigger questions. Senior York Times, you know that. Yeah. You haven't seen that report? Do Yeah. Yeah. I mean, how could they not? I mean this, the stuff is all over the place. It's, and this has been an open secret for almost the duration of this. Yes. And sometimes they put a, a little caveat headline and then move on to whatever's next. And they don't, no one says the implication of, wait, this stuff could come back to bite us on our own border. Well, Yeah, we saw that. We saw that in the eighties with the Moine. Of course. How are you gonna have commercial air travel around the world, by the way, if they're missiles systems, you know, handheld miss, you know, You can, You can shoot down a commercial airliner pretty easily. Yeah. With a lot of this stuff. That's what it's designed to do.


And if it's in the hands of separatist groups, terror groups, drug cartels, which it is now, how do you have a civilization? How do you have global air travel? I don't, I don't get it. Well, yeah, I mean, and I, I I pray that remains a, a potential and not something that actually gets manifest, but it's out of our hands. And that's the problem. But How can you send hundreds of billions of dollars of aid and weapons to a country and then not keep track of what happens to it? I I, I can only speculate that they just don't care about that. If it ends up, if some of it ends up hurting Russia, then cool. And I think that's, we also Also sponsored terror attacks inside Russia. A lot of them. Yeah. So since when does the US government sponsor terror attacks? Like This is our government?


Well, of course we just put a different tag on it. Well, no, we're just helping the Ukrainian side fight. Its war against the Russia. Russia We're fascinating people. That's, That's, I mean, and as I think you've talked about before, oh, Dugan's daughter who was caught up in that. Oh, a lot of other people. Yeah, certainly. Yeah, yeah. In general. Not, Again, not speculating this at all. I know firsthand. Yeah. So anyway, sorry to get upset. It's that Lincoln stuff is like, It's beyond. Yeah. Yeah. And then Austin did the same thing. He this about a of six days ago to, to be specific where he says, we have given Ukraine everything we can, and we still, he's saying this still at this point, we can't let Ukraine lose the war. That Liar, that liar.


The war is already lost. Oh, I know. Past tense. There is no possibility to even maintain anything for him to say that to. Is to continue the fiction that they have. So that, and here's why I think all this is happening, so that when Trump comes in and whatever he ends up, up negotiating is Trump's fault. We had Ukraine set up, we were doing everything we could. And then Trump comes in and hands it back to Putin. That's why I think it's gonna be so hard for, for Trump to do what makes sense and what's rational, because he's gonna come under withering attack from the political left. I mean, it's just gonna happen. I, I think, You know, you're effective. You can exercise power to the extent that you're willing to exercise that power. And to the extent that you're willing to ignore, you know, your faithless critics like who, who actually cares what they say?


Who cares? Do you know what I mean? And that's what I hope Trump does. I I I hope he says, yeah, y'all are the ones that set all the stage for this. My whole, he's clarified. He just committed Gen 10 on in Eastern Europe. Like, shut up. Yeah. Who Cares what you think A million People. Oh, I know. We're talking World War I, we lost in World War I and World War II combined about a half a million people. Yeah, exactly. That is two world wars. And they have doubled that in all probability. And now then all, we're not even talking about how many have lost limbs, how many have severe PTSD that will take the rest of their lives to recover. They've lost generations of people. I think like 22 million people have fled the country. That's what we've produced, Tucker. That's what we built.


And that's how prideful it is for America to say what we generated. That, which is why Is condemning, it's horrible. I was so distressed when I heard the incoming national security advisor, I really like personally, he's a good man actually, but use the term democracy to describe what's happening in Ukraine or our motives in Ukraine. I mean, that is so dishonest. That is so false. I don't know. Maybe he believes it, but that is just not true. Right. And I don't think there's any evidence that it's true at all. The opposite is true. Right. It's a, it's a tyranny that's banned forms of Christianity. Yes. Yeah. Political opponents, the, any opposition media, everything. This jailed all these people. Murdering, murdering people. A lot of people too.


Again, not guessing. So, okay. Sorry. My ran answer. Okay. So what should Thank you for being patient. What's, so, given everything you've described, what should the incoming administration do? I think that Trump should come in and try to get this resolved as fast as possible. And, and rationally understand that the June 15th line that Putin laid out is The best that he can possibly get. And to, and he's gonna have to put a, a good face on it. He can't just come in and literally say, okay, whatever you want is fine. We'll just sign here. But there are some other, there's some leverage we can do elsewhere that's like, Hey, look, we can even remove some of these sanctions on Russia as long as we get this in, in return for it. You know, some increased, some security guarantees that Russia's not gonna do anything beyond this, et cetera.


Which is gonna be hard because they have the capacity should they want to go further than the Eppa River. But I, I think that he should just say, Hey, this is The best we're gonna get right here. I'm gonna end this war as soon as we can on these lines right here. Because it would, all we're gonna do is get more Ukrainians killed if we, if we keep delaying this. So we're gonna get this done here. We're gonna start the process of letting the Ukraine side recover and to help them rebuild. Europe needs to handle the lion's share of that, not the United States, but we can help diplomacy, you know, build that with diplomacy. You the, especially the Eastern Europeans, let them build up their own. National securities and defense.


Get bigger on there. Not the United States not put more money in nato, but the Europeans need to handle that. That's, that's one of the big things here. And then the other thing is we just have to acknowledge this is where the lines are gonna be, because that's already a reality on the ground. If you get that over with now, then we can start the next hard thing, which is to rebuild relations with Russia going forward. And I know many don't want to do that, but Russia's gonna exist into the perpetual into the future. Why Are we supposed to hate Russia? Russia, exactly. Because these people can't escape the Cold War that we won in 1990. But Like, why? As long as Bill Crystal is chirping his viol little lies in your head, like you're never gonna get anything done. Like why don't just ignore them.


Like, Russia should not be our enemy. There's no Reason. Should not. And and you showed that. And so graphically with, with both the Avav and the Putin interviews, they're very reasonable. They're, they're not doing things that are ir they're not asking us to, to Civilized country. And now it's aligned with China in a larger, much larger military and economic block than nato. So, by the way, we just destroyed the European economy by blowing up Nord stream. No one's ever been held accountable for that. I don't know how the Europeans are gonna pay for Ukraine reconstruction when we wreck their economy by blowing up their natural gas pipeline. But whatever you don't want, we have lost our preeminence because of this. Yes. And now Russia is aligned with China.


Like that's, you know, big picture. That's China, That's the headline. An actual military alliance with North Korea. Oh yeah. And the, the cooperation with Iran as well, of course. All those things. And, and the bricks, like you say, th that is the wreckage of this outgoing administration. That's what they have produced. None of those things existed prior. Oh, I know. To October 22 when we started making Russia weaker. We had made them stronger in every capacity. If you Stayed in the United States for the past four years, you didn't leave and you didn't read any non-American, non-US media, you would've no idea. No clue. Right. You have no idea that any of this happened. You would think that it was 1997 and this was, you know, we had a unipolar world and we're in charge of everything. And the blue passport's a big deal and all this stuff. You'd have no idea.


And that freaks me out. Yeah. You know, people don't know. They should know if they did know, I mean, you know, they'd be upset at the damage, pointless damage done to this country. And they need to be upset. And I hope that's, that's why I'm so grateful for your show here, that you separated from the mainstream media. Because now then you're putting it to millions of people. They get this information that they aren't getting in any of these other places. Well, I love America. I live here. I am American. Exactly. My ancestors came here a long time ago and they're all buried here. I'm not going anywhere. I love the United States. And so to see a bunch of people who have no interest in the United States whatsoever destroy it. It's like, it drives me crazy. I don't know why. What? I don't know. Yeah. That's my only motive. Oh, you love Putin? Oh fuck Off. I I love Putin.


Right, right. I love, I There's no reason to antagonize a nuclear superpower when they're happy to just cooperate with us and actually help us in the, the western European countries with cheap energy so that they can develop their economies. Why do you wanna harm that? Well, It's also like a, it's a Christian country. And so why wouldn't, why wouldn't we be allies with them? Why would we drive them into a permanent alliance? Lav told me it's a permanent alliance with China. Game over game a look, look at a map. Get a map someday and like look at it, you know, you want to move Russia west. And it's, of course it's not a fully western country. And the Mongols invaded it. It's like a complicated country, but it is in some deep sense western. 'cause it's Christian, mostly Christian.


So why wouldn't they be on our side? Because certain people in the US government hate that idea. And they hate Russia. 'cause it is Christian. They loved it when it was atheist. They loved it. They defended it. Their ancestors, you know, were agents for it. You know what I mean? And the entire American left was working on behalf of Stalin at one point, but now they hate it. What's the difference? 'cause It's, I don't know, but it's to our harm. And that's, that's, It's a Christian country now, not an atheist country. Yes. That's that, that's my view. Whatever I mean, anyway. Excuse me. So do you think that Trump can do that? It's, and like what would this settlement look, what, what settlement do you think the Russians would accept? What do you think the new administration can actually pull off given the enormous political pressure on them from it Enemies?


Well, what Trump, if Trump takes your advice there and just says, I don't care what anybody else thinks. See I'm, this is what I'm gonna, this is what's good for America. This is what I was elected to do. Then he's gonna say, all right, we are gonna acknowledge the June 15th line and it's gonna be those four regions there. And that's where, we'll the Ukraine side will pull back to those lines, et cetera. We will declare no nato, we are never gonna go in there. We were never going to go in there. So we'll just acknowledge reality Bo bottom line here, no nato. And there's, there's, that's not gonna happen on the border here. And then let's start seeing how we can rebuild relations to our advantage. And we, like you said, this stuff with China and this other stuff that's, that's, that's irreparable. We can't fix that.


But we can. And again, back to your interview with Avav, he still desires that he even called us a great country. I, I, I listened to that again earlier today from your interview. He called America a great country. We are demonizing them And he still is calling us a great country that they want to have relations with. So Trump can exploit that and say we are gonna start repairing that to our advantage and to our benefit because there is still advantage to have. And instead of going down any other path, I don't know if he'll do it, but he can do it by just because he's The president, he gets to call the shots. So we'll see what he does.


Of all The New Year's resolutions, you're likely to put off the one you're most likely to put off and keep putting off is buying life insurance. And you should have life insurance. It's kind of crazy not to, 'cause the future is unknown. You gotta have life insurance, but you may not have life insurance 'cause it's a huge hassle and it can be a huge ripoff. But there is an answer. Policy genius. It makes it very easy and much cheaper. You can find life insurance policies to start at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars of coverage. And some options, and this is The best part, are a hundred percent online and lets you avoid unnecessary medical exams. The guy with the gloves, you don't want that. If You can avoid it and you may be able to avoid it, 40% of people wind up looking back and wishing they'd had more better life insurance or any life insurance. It could have helped their families enormously PolicyGenius can fix that for you. Peace of mind. That's what they're really selling. The address policygenius.com/tucker or click the link in the description to get your free life insurance quotes and see how much money you could save and how much hassle you could save policygenius.com/tucker.


Yeah, I mean, I, I think it would, you know, take every member of Congress, 535 House and Senate and send 'em for a week to Moscow, then send 'em to Beijing, then send 'em to Delhi and ask them which of these cities would you live in? Which has a population that you know has more in common with Americans. And it's, it's not even close, actually. It's not even close. And so your alliances should be built on shared interests, but also shared attitudes and history and shared goals. And they're a natural ally of ours. And you know, the east is not. It's just a fact. And they, they fundamentally like us. The people like us, Putin and Lavrov are the most pro western Russian leaders will see in my lifetime.


Yeah. Actually the people who will replace them will not have those same attitudes. And this is just self-harm. What we're hurting ourselves. Yeah. And, and you know, to those people who, and I I, I saw a lot of 'em complaining against you after you, especially if you went to Putin and they're saying it's Putin AP and this, and I would say to them, you show me a map of the last three years physically and, and also calendar wise, and you show me where we're better off today because we followed the path that you said we did turn them into an enemy and how have we improved because of that? No, a million people are dead here. We've lost all this energy here. Our economy has been severely constrained. All because you won't be acknowledged. Reality is Tony Blinken mad at Russia or something?


Yeah, Yeah. No, I get angry When I hear that by people who hate America. Obvious. I mean, Obviously even if they don't hate, maybe they, maybe they think they like America, but they're harmonists the worst than the Russians are. That's the perversion of this. They're harming American interests left and right, making our own military weaker. We are weaker today if we have to fight than we were in February, 2022. So what, okay, so this is an area in which you have deep expertise. I don't have any expertise. Where are we right now from a standpoint of military readiness? What We are, we have made ourselves substantially less good than we used to be. So, and I, I fought in an armored warfare in 1991, and we were at our preeminent power because we had been training for a potential Cold War clash.


Yes. All this time. And so we had the force structure, we had the training, we had the institutionalized training, we had all the different levels, everything You can ever want. We had it at that time. Well then all of a sudden we win the Cold War, and then after nine 11, we, we completely get rid of all that institutional knowledge we had. And now we we're starting to fight, you know, Arabs in the Middle East. And so you had the Iraq war. You had the Afghan war, which dragged on for one in two decades each. And we're doing counterinsurgency stuff. And now we have these stupid bases all over the place. Every time you send a guy there, that means he's not training for our core requirement to defend America. That's why I'm hopeful that probably the new Secretary of Defense, Pete, Seth, he said he's focused on national defense, on our borders and our skies, and to rebuild the military, to make them lethal war fighters, which is what we need to get back to.


It's all women now, right? I mean, I just keep reading all these stories about how they couldn't meet recruitment goals. So we're just having women fight our wars. Well, It's not, it's all To all think is great, don't Think Is great. The problem Is, what is true is that in, in, in wanting this DEI stuff, whatever, And they wanted to give women opportunity, they gave the women opportunity everywhere, even when they weren't physically capable of doing so. So they lowered the standards. But it's Not just physical. There's like women, I'm sure better drawn operators than men. I have no trouble believing that. I mean, I have mostly female staff. I think they're smarter and more capable than I am. That's why I've hired them. You know, I'm not against women at all. Of course. I think it's a moral problem. You have a home invasion, you're lying in bed with your wife. Do you say to your wife, Hey, you get this one Right?


No, no, no. The point of war, that's a great point of having a military is to defend your women and children. There's no other reason. I don't understand. So you have women fight your war for you. You're disgusting. I think that I know everyone's, oh, shut up. You hate women. Actually, I love women and I hate anyone who would put a woman in combat. Yeah. But in This, in this day and age, you can't, who Gives a shit with a feminist thing? Can't. They're saying they wrecked. They've wrecked our society. Like at some point, if you start the Iraq war or you start feminism, you start something that's like, or the transgender brain virus, something that's so clearly hurt a lot of people. The Ukraine War. Don't you? Aren't you disqualified from weighing in on like future issues? Unfortunately, no. Hey, You know, Iraq war guy, shut up. Hey Gloria Steinem, you know, dying alone, unmarried and childless.


I think you kind of proved it doesn't work, right? Just by your own life, shut up. Like I don't understand why, why people with a, a long track record of failure. Like well get to talk About, you know, what we do next. Do you have to go any further than David Petraeus for C director? The, the architect of the disaster in Afghanistan to this day is still putting a mic in his face. Ben Hodges, the worst analyst I've ever seen, still to this day, and I'm talking like two or three days ago, is still saying Ukraine can win and eventually get back Crimea. It's totally tached from reality, but they keep putting the mic in front of him. That's what needs to change. I recognize the failure and don't put your mic in front of that guy. I do think that's the central problem in the United States is that we do not punish anything really.


We, we only punish disobedience to the regime, but nothing else is ever punished. So You can be like, you know, the worst fire captain in the Western United States and let your city burn. And it's like you go girl or whatever, right? But I just do think there's a, there's something repulsive about sending women to go defend your country. We're the men. That's your job is to defend and provide. That is your job. And that's not my opinion. That's nature. And there's never been a society, a functional society in which men weren't required to defend and sustain, you know, work to protect the women and children. That's the whole point. This is less than the Titanic that's western civilization in a sentence.


And we've just inverted it and like, Hey ladies, go, go defend us while we stay home and game and get high or whatever. Like, I just find it republic. Like there's nothing Pro. Well, it, you know, and and one of the reasons for that is the, because that we have lowered the standards so much that a lot of the good guys, they don't wanna come in. Like some of your staff members I talked to, those are the good guys, right? But a lot of those kind of people now, they don't wanna come into this force because it's like your standards are low. And and I see you're serious about It. Well, many keep saying they, so guys who won the war, second world war somehow in two immoral to serving in the military now. And that the fat guy who runs the military, I can't even remember his mil Mark Moody, you know, with the chest full of medals, that guy's like, oh, white rage, white men are bad. Really? Who won the second world war?


So do You have Google? Look at the, look at the pictures. I think it was white men actually. They're the ones who beat Hitler. So why don't you shut up Tubby So and So If you can't recruit enough men like that, then you have to recruit something. So that's, that's why we're lower in The standards. I love women and that's why. But I just think it's, I mean, just think about it for a second. What is the point of having an army? It's so people don't show up and rape your wife. You carry off your daughters murder your children. Like that's the only point actually. See here's that hasn't been exposed yet though. And, and, and I I fear that one day we will have to fight a a, a peer or a near peer. Yeah. And we haven't since, really, You can say Korea, maybe Vietnam, but none since then where we fought anybody who was any good.


So You can have anybody, honestly, you know, even our base is so good that we can beat, you know, the Taliban, well, we can tactically beat the Taliban in any engagement with our military. So there's nobody in Iraq that could have beat us, et cetera. But if we had to fight, I'm just telling you, if we had to fight the Russian army right now, like war broke out tomorrow, and all of a sudden we have to send in our divisions, I think we would probably get hammered. Well, Obviously, I mean, not even just because of the stuff that you're talking about there, which will also be exposed. But because we don't have the combat experience that they do, and we are still locked in like the 1991 or 2003 Iraq war as, and the Russians have gone way beyond that. And we are way behind on that.


But all these things would be exposed and then until then they're not exposed. And still then we still are the greatest military power on earth. And who's to say differently Graphically. So the Ukrainians took out a bunch of Russian bombers, long range bombers on an airfield with drones early in the war. And I thought to myself, wow, you know, the, this war, which I don't know, are we studying this like carefully? I mean, I guess we're running it, but are we taking its lessons shows that, you know, drone technology has gotta change our calculations about where we spend our money, right? So how many aircraft carriers do you need in a world with drones? Like, I don't, I don't know the answer to these questions, but is anyone smart thinking about this? Well, I I, I think about it a lot and, and In fact I saw whatever, we're, we're building two new aircraft carriers right now, and they're already naming them what they're gonna be.


And I'm like, did y'all not watch what happened to the Black Sea Fleet, the Russian Black Sea fleet because of naval drones? I mean, dude, they were sent to the bottom of the ocean. We would, we would get hammered if we had to fight. That's, that's World War II level. We're not at World War II anymore. And look to your point there, is there Already named one's called the George Bush, I think. Yeah, Yeah. And of course it's, and Clinton, bill Clinton is the other one. I'm now making that up. That's, that's what's being reported. Bill Clinton, the draft dodger as an aircraft carrier. Unbelievable. We've Reached like peak parody. But why are we building aircraft? I mean, I look, I, you know, you're the retired colonel, but it does seem like we should pause and ask like what, you know, what are we learning from what's happening in Ukraine? Yeah, Well that's where I was gonna say, I I was a little surprised that Russia didn't start off on a higher level tactically than it did in February 22.


They, they, they were behind the curve. Yeah. For a long period of time. Because Armenian Azerbaijan had a war in 2020 where all of this stuff was put on full display for the first time in large scale. The Armenian armor was hammered from the azerbaijanis because they used the long range drones. They had missiles that had drones, and then they were able to bring them in and vector in other targets. So it stuff that Doug McGregor wrote about 1997, they employed for the first time. And I thought when I saw that, okay, this is now changed warfare. No one's gonna fight the old one anymore. 'cause you see how powerful drones are, and the Russians didn't. Well here's the problem. We still haven't. And now that, not just the 2020, I think it was a really short conflict we've had now three years, and we're tinkering around the edges with stuff.


There have been some changes, but it, it's like about this much when you need this much. Because if we had to fight Russia today, even everything we've observed for the last three years, we are not up to the standard. We are way behind the ball and we would die. And I think large numbers, So, I mean this is like a, what we're watching does seem to have like lots of precedent in the history. But the most obvious is the British army that spends the entire 19th century fighting all these colonial wars against the PTOs and the mutant, you know, the mutinous forces in India and you know, e every the Zulus. And they win most of those engagements. And then they have this peer-to-peer war in the first World war.


And it commences with like British cavalry charges into machine gunfire. And, you know, it destroyed Britain. It's never been a great power really since then. It's pretended to be, but it's not, it's wrecked the country forever and destroyed the British empire. That war, first world war. And everyone makes fun of them for that. Like, you didn't keep track of what real war was as you were like killing all the villagers around the world. And let me tell you, 25 years later, it was the French Army's turn. They were the preeminent power on the European continent. And then they de they were destroyed in a month. Oh, I know. It, it It, when the Germans came in using modern technology, modern tactics and new doctrine that they were, and everyone knew, the Germans knew that they were better, but they had to go fight anyway.


But because they were still in the night World War I mentality, that's what happened to 'em. So you have yf, British World War I French from World War ii, are we gonna be the next in line? Well, I mean, 'cause it is, the parallels are pretty obvi. I mean, you know, whatever, you don't want to be mean or anything. But the truth is fighting, you know, third world nations is different from fighting, you know, technologically advanced, you know, nations that have satellite stations and stuff. And so yeah, I'm, I'm really worried. Did do you think, 'cause Russias talked openly about if they get into conflict with us, our satellites are the first thing coming down. They've said that recently I'm talking about, and I'm telling you, we don't even know how to fight without all of our connectivity and the Russians do because they've learned how to and, and that's another factor that if we get into a fight, I, I think that we're gonna get hammered.


Do you think, so the real question is do smart people at the Pentagon, like are they throw away the, all the procurement stuff and the defense contractor pressure and all that, which is like, seems determinative and a lot of the, a lot of the time. But like, is anyone just thinking about this is can, does anyone have the power to change the way the US military Face works? Now? I retired in 2015, so I can't speak of anything beyond that. But I can tell you that a lot of my experience prior to that, when I was in the Future Combat Systems program at Fort Bliss, Texas, in the early two thousands, you had the senior leaders that were totally disconnected from reality. All these exercises and, and tests that they claim were showing how this new modern force is gonna be fantastic. It was all video and fake because the, the, the tests were lied.


All the guys that I was a major at the time, all of the, like the major and below the guys who were physically doing this stuff, we knew it was absurd. And so we told people, but to my contact or context earlier in this conversation, those guys don't get promoted. The guys that get promoted who signed off on this fake test results here, he just Promoted. I know it's Colonel Davis, not General Davis. Well indeed I'm probably lucky to get Colonel, but that's a separate issue. So what is, I mean, I just know from living, I'm a know very little about the military, but I've been around it a lot and I know from living in Washington, you know, do run into tons of smart yeah. Majors and colonels, but like Flag Officer, no, like what is that? What is that? What the leap from colonel to general, what does it require and how do they manage to weed out all the smart freethinking people?


Because in order to become a general, you have to have the approval of the generals. That's how technically The president designates these people. But in reality, they just, The president signs off on whatever and then the Senate signs off on whoever the generals approve of, so they don't approve of anyone that doesn't already play the game. That is one of the big things that I think needs to be reformed because you, that's why I say they replicate each other, so nobody gets up into that upper echelon. And, and I just gotta say, and I, I, I hate to use this example, but HR McMaster, who is the former national security advisor, I fought under him in Desert Storm. He was my direct commander at the time, And he was fantastic under fire. It was brilliant. And, and I had the highest respect for him for 20 years.


We were close friends all the way through until we both went to Afghanistan in 20 11, 20 10, 20 11 at the same time. And then all of a sudden he gets promoted by David Petraeus after he had not been promoted several times before that Petraeus gets him promoted and now he becomes general and almost overnight he starts sounding like Petraeus and stuff that he and I had talked about before. That's like, you know, there's so much, this is unreal, untrue. This is not gonna work. All of a sudden now he's saying it, he was put in charge in during that time of the anti-corruption process for the Afghan government. And he claimed over and over how they were making progress and all this stuff. And as we talked about earlier in this show, that never happened. But then since that time, now that he's going on and saying all kinds of stuff like, yes, we, he needs to, you know, his anti-Russian and all this, he became like them.


And so now he's just another one of them. He got absorbed and all the stuff that happened before that when he was the one who was talking on the outside, well he was, I don't understand it. He was, I mean even I knew who he was and again, I don't follow this that closely, but he was famous for his, well, intellectual horsepower, but also curiosity, honesty. Like he was a well-known guy, right? Yeah. The, the, the Battle of seven three easting that, that he was in command of was, I mean they still study it today in, in West Point. And for good reason because he was, it was tremendous. But something happened to him after he got promoted from Colonel to Brigadier general. What, just like swimming in a, in the filthy pool of power politics or what, what do you think that I I I can, I I really, 'cause we literally never spoke after that time.


What? It was really sad. I, we, we, we had a good friendship up until that time, but then we broke and that just in 2011 never spoke again. So I don't have any idea what may or may not be the case. I just see him on TV all the time. So I don't know. Wow. How do you feel about the National Security Team Being Assembled? I, I am a huge fan of Tulsi Gabbard. I, I, I think I i I had advise or recommended and sent, I mean, I don't have a lot of influence, but to people who have the knowledge, I, I suggested she would've been a better secretary of state, maybe even Secretary of Defense. 'cause I think her mind is brilliant and her focus on America and keeping America safe. You look at everything she's done and said she's tough.


Yeah, consistently through her career is always focused on what's gonna benefit America. And she's smart and knows how to do it. I hope that Pete Seth does what he said he was gonna do in his opening statement that he revitalizes the national security, the Defense Department in picks up the war fighting ethos mentality, holds people accountable, passes and all. I hope he does all those things. If he does, then I think we're gonna be in a lot better shape. And Mike wa I I, I've also been concerned by some of the statements he has made, but if President Trump is calling the shots, I think he'll do what President Trump tells him. We'll just have to hope and see with that. But those are the main ones in there.


And so some of the, oh, bridge Colby is another really good, good situation there. A good person there. So I think, I think that's right. I think having him in a position right now is gonna be very good. So there's a number of people right now, then the Trump team here that he's gonna start with, that was a huge anchor that he didn't have in 2016. So I'm hopeful that he can move forward. How hard is it to reform the Pentagon? It's, it's enormously difficult. I I, I don't wanna underestimate how that is because it, it is absolutely built on no change. It wants to perpetuate. So, 'cause all those generals I just talked about who have been replicated are still in control of that. So it's gonna be really hard. I, I tell you what I would love to see, I would love to see Trump come in and do what he did, what the President Roosevelt did just before World War ii, where he had the army chief of staff come in and say, you know what, we're gonna review everybody here and anybody who's not pulling their weight or is not modernized, they're gonna get low.


They're gonna get rid of them. And I, I think it was like hundreds of senior colonels and generals were retired from the service and then they elevated new people who could get the job done, who were smart, et cetera. Stalin did that with gun, with gunfire, but, well, I don't want that path, but I do want the, the George George, I'm George Marshall path, but no, But I mean, look, what did the winning side do in Bo In both cases in the US and in the Soviet Union, they, they got new leadership, you know, Because guys who aren't performing need to get outta the way. No, I agree. And by the way, I'm not calling for a purge of the US military by force or anything like that, but I think it needs a, a peaceful purge. It does. I, I strongly so, because, because these guys all have an incentive to maintain the status quo, And they will, I think, push against anything Hegseth does if they're all left in power.


So I kind of think that he does Need, so really it comes down to what it always comes down to, which is how the information is presented to the public through the media who are working ha you know, every day assiduously with their allies and paymasters in the federal bureaucracy. And if you care what they think you will achieve nothing, they will control you. And if you don't care what they think, then you have a chance at eliminating corruption and writing the country because You, you look at what history's gonna say, Biden did all the things you mentioned. He got along with everybody, everybody loved him. But history will condemn him and all his leaders. Trump will face heat up at the front. But if he does these things, then history will love him if it improves our country. And that's what I hope we see.


Colonel Davis, Thank you very much. That was great.