
Thanks for joining us, Mr. Prime Minister. Thank You very much. So you had the World Cup a few years ago here. It was very widely covered around the world, and part of the coverage, maybe the majority of the coverage was not about soccer, football, it was about your country and how it was, you know, needed to come into line with the social mores of the West, et cetera. There's a lot of lecturing about, to your country, about the way that you live. Did you feel that? Well, it's unfortunate. You know, there are, the whole purpose of hosting the World Cup is to bring the world together in that country, to put the country in the spotlight about the football, about the tournament, and about people coming together.


Unfortunately, countries and some NGOs try to use this as an opportunity to attack on values of the society itself, on the values of, of the country, of the community. By using it as an opportunity to change these values and to impose their own values on our country and our people. That's something wasn't, was expected from our side. That we will be attacked. We will be hearing a lot of lectures about values and things that are not belongs to us. And basically our decision from the beginning that we don't need to change the country for one month tournament.


And I cannot change the value of a whole society and impose on them values that I don't believe in. And it's against every principle in our society, against the principles of Islam, against the principles of Christianity as well. And that's basically we said, very clear, we respect everybody who is coming here as long as they are respecting the laws in this country as you are expecting from the Qataris when they visit any of your countries in Europe to respect your laws. And basically that's what we want from the people. Anything happen in their personal life, it's their personal life.


But nothing should happen in public against the laws of the state of Qatar. And we will never change the problem that those countries and NGOs put a lot of efforts in demonizing this World Cup in order to impose their values. Yet there were many things happening around the world, And they are just turning a blind eye. If they put some efforts and energy on those real issues that affecting the human lives around the world, it would be much better than the waste investment that was in campaigns against the country to change its values, to impose new values, which are not even, you know, related to us.


So why do you think that is? This used to be called Cultural Imperialism. Yeah. You know, taking your values and using force to impose them on another society. But this is probably the richest country per capita in the world. It's free. Qatari can come and go. They don't have to live here. They choose to live here. And your values are thousands of years old. Why would it be important for an NGO? I thought they were supposed to be feeding people, but instead they're yelling at you for not having enough transgender Qatar. Like what is the point of that? What, what do you think that actually is? What are they trying to do? Well, I think it's, it's mainly driven by Enogen that these are the things that we would like to see in countries that they are not accepting it, you know, and societies that they are not accepting it.


We, we need to make it normal for them. We need to normalize it. Second, a lot didn't accept the fact that Qatar is a small Arab country, can host a, a world class tournament. Basically, they were like, you know how a lot of attacks that why Qatar won the World Cup? Like they don't have even the culture of the World Cup. I don't know what's, you know, what does it mean if, if I am a country, like a marginal country, I don't have the right to host a world tournament. And this is more about honestly, like, I see it like more racism and superiority.


And that's, that's basically I think the main driver for this. So one and officially here told me a funny story and I wanna check to see if it's true. This person told me that some bureau or commission in the United Nations is, was rating the human rights Yeah. Here in Qatar and said, in order to score higher, you have to build nursing homes Yeah. For your old people to live. And this person tried to explain, you know, we don't have nursing homes because old people, parents live with their children, but you built them anyway in order to get a higher score on this And they remain empty. Yeah. Is that true? Well, it is true actually. They are like, you know, sometimes when you have international organizations trying to impose certain conditions in order to give you like the better status that will make you look good, it requires from you some steps that you will do that it's not even required, needed here in, in, in this kind of society.


Look, Qatar is a very, it's a small country. The people here, family matters for us, parents matters for us. We are in debt to our parents until the last day in their life or in our lives, whatever comes first. If someone will left his will leave his parents alone without taking care of it, he will be publicly shamed by the society. It's not really an acceptable custom or or habit in, in this country to have your elder, to have your parents staying in a senior role.


He's the one, the parents are the ones who took care of us when we were children until we grew up to become independent. And we should, we have the duty to take care of them. And that's really the genuine nature of the Qatari society. So that's why you end up with something that you don't need. It's not, it's not according to your value, it's not according to your religion. But we build it anyway to get, you know, so to get the fancy brand It does, if you take three steps back, it's like they're mad at you because you don't have enough transgenders.


They're mad at you because you don't put your parents in some institution. Maybe they're trying to break up your families. Well it's, it can be, it can be a reason. Honestly, I don't know what is, what is really the purpose behind this. But we see that, you know, a lot of things that are happening are attacks on, on, on humanity in general. It's when you, when you lose the family value, when you lose the connection between the family themselves, you'll lose the connection between the people as well on a broader level, on the people in the same neighborhood, on the people in the same region, in the same countries.


And that's basically will just make us, you know, as individuals who are quote unquote independent from anyone. That's what we will feel yet. It'll just make our society vulnerable and easy to be penetrated. That's right. And, and that's, that's I think the main issue that we are facing and the main threat that we are facing. You have seen Taka, you, you spend now a few days in Qatar and you have seen, came to my home and you have seen that my home is surrounded by my family homes and it's not, I'm not really living in an isolation from, from them. I'm the family.


You're definitely not the nuclear family, the bigger family. And it's like, it's all one, one community, one, one family. And basically You can apply this and magnify it to the entire country. This is not the case for Mohammed. This is the case for everyone here. People even when they move temporarily to another neighborhood or to another place 10 minutes away from their family, they feel homesick. So it's, it's, we believe that this supposed to be the case for all the countries where families, families, bonds, matters, families, bonds really create from you, from your society, a strong society that's not easily penetrated.


And that's what create the national ity as well in, in face of serial threats and everything. So that's kind of the key is that when you are cut off, when you're alone, you are powerless and You can be controlled. Yeah. You can be penetrated. You can be penetrated. Yes. Very true. Your country has been in the American media sporadically recently, and it's under attack for reasons I don't, I don't fully understand. One of the reasons I wanted to come here was to understand why people are mad at you. And I think you've got the biggest overseas US air base right near here. So you're clearly a US ally. Yeah.


But I keep reading reference to Qatar as anti-American or pro Islamist or a threat to the United States somehow. Where do those attacks come from, do you think? Look, we as a country, we always want to do the right things and basically the right things. Not for only for our people, but for our people, for our region, and for our friends. And when you are trying to do the right things, sometimes you change your mind, you know, when you hear this kind of criticism. But it wasn't really in our culture because we believe that it serves the real cause behind all these efforts is to bring peace, peace for the people, peace for the region, and peace for our friends.


And basically the peace like is the main foundation for us, for our people to prosper. And peace has a lot of enemies, a lot of enemies who wants to undermine it for political reason, who wants to undermine it for economical reason, who wants to demonize your effort in order to make sure that every step you will take will be suspicious in order to control also the parties that you are helping in that.


And basically they don't know by doing such a thing, they are not harming us, but they are harming the region And they are harming our friends, including the United States and having an ally like and partner and friend like Qatar with the air base as one example, and working together very closely on a lot of issues, a lot of files helping, bringing Americans homes from different countries, whether it was in the evacuation in Afghanistan, whether it's in American hostages all around the world, mediating in different conflicts.


They basically, they, you know, keep criticizing Qatar and the attack Qatar. They think that this is just harm Qatar and Qatar reputation. It's not, it's actually because we always like, you know, we go back to the results, we focus on the outcome and we think about it that that should be our objective and we should focus there and we shouldn't really disturb ourself with any noise. But they don't know that this is harming the US and the US interest at the end of the day. So I I I, my sense is that part of the criticism and the confusion from Americans, well I think two causes.


One, you have a Hamas office here and Hamas has been designated, I think repeated by the US government, certainly by the congress as a terror organization. And people say, well how could you have a Hamas office here? What is that? We have to go back to the root of this, of this office. Like why, why it's here in the first place. And Hamas office, when it was opened here in the first place, it was opened with full transparency and full consultation and actually even request from the us And they, the US asked you to put a Hamas office here They are actually, they have asked us to open the channels with them and to have an established communication channel with the same case what was applied to Taliban as well.


And look, at the end of the day, if you have a presence of someone in your country and you are engaging and talking, it doesn't mean that you are endorsing his ideas. It doesn't mean that you are supporting him. We are, our, the purpose of this office was to facilitate peace to stabilize the region and to make sure that always it's serving the purpose. And You can go through even everything that, all the events that happened in the recent 10 years since the office was officially opened here in how many piece deals been broke, brokered from that office through that channel, many of them.


2014 was the discussion and negotiations was initiated here and ended in Egypt in 2018, 2020, 20 and 21. With all those escalations and many of escalations that we avoided to prevent war. There are many plenty of them. You will lose count. Then after 7th of October, the first hostage deal that that released the hostages, the women and children was 109 and the foreigners was 109 hostages.


November 23 happened through that office, second hostage deal, which we are going through right now. It was produced out of this office. So the office is a communication channel and it doesn't make me, you know, feeling shy that I speak with someone whom I have a disagreement with. President Trump spoke with North Korea, he didn't shy out from, he met with him, he engaged with him. He wants to put an end for the conflict, he wants to make a deal with him. He's a deal maker. And this country basically is brokering deals at The, initially at the request of the US government.


Yes. And it continued like everything that we did looked at her. But I'm confident that throughout the years that I've been working under the leadership of emir, we are sure that every step we are taken, we are very transparent coordinating with the US and making sure that we are doing the right thing. So I have nothing wrong that I did that I'm shying away from. I know that we have a lot of attacks and unfortunately we have attacks from the US legislation, like from the congress many times that although we did it at the request of of the government, yet we, they me all always tell me that if we are able to save a single life, it's worth everything.


And I'll tell you something, we've been under a significant attack in the last 15 months during this war and rise, unbelievable. No one would handle such an attack. And we worked tirelessly on achieving this deal. And the moment we went out to announce that a deal being achieved and we see the celebration in the streets, whether it's in Gaza or in Israel, that moment make makes us forget everything You've been attacked with the US Congress, it, the, the core question for me is if Qatar is an enemy of the United States wiser air base here, have there been calls to remove the airbase?


Well there are like some voices who unfortunately very much misinformed that this is will be, this is very critical for the us for the US security to be here in this region. And you know, actually the base itself when it's moved, the first place was moved after September 11th Yes. To Doha. And it was a very risky decision for any country to take it. And we took it, we took it because of the friendship that we have with the US because of the partnership that we are committing ourself together with the us Yeah. And it's turned out to be like the most important to us base out outside the United States.


And basically it served the security of the United States, but also it served the stability of this region.


If you're like us, you're probably a little tired of companies that claim to care about your privacy and then whip around without your knowledge and sell your data to the highest bidder. They do it all the time. They make a fortune off your private information. Everything about you, everything you do online can be sold and it is, but there's one way to stop it. It's called express. VPN Express. VPN is an app that sends a hundred percent of your online traffic through secure encrypted servers. Privacy is the point of the product. If you don't have it, everything you do online can be tracked and recorded by data brokers and then sold to pretty much anyone including foreign governments. That seems like a total violation of your rights, but unfortunately it's legal Express VPN prevents it, it prevents data hawks from compiling your personal information at, blocks them from invasively, profiting off what you do online. So if you're new to using A VPN rest easy, it's super easy. You just plug it in and it works with express VPN, their identity defender scours the sites of data brokers and requests that your information be removed. Right now You can get an extra four months of Express V ExpressVPN for free to scan the QR code on the screen or go to ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker.


I'm ready for my life to change a B, C Sundays American Idol. It's all new. Give it your all. Good luck up the golden ticket. Let's hear it. This is amazing word. I've never seen anything like it. And a new chapter begins Hollywood Carrie Underwood joins Lionel Richie, Luke Bryan and Ryan Seacrest on American Idol New Sundays eight seven Central on A, B, C and stream on Hulu.


The new KFC dunk it bucket with juicy original recipe tenders, new mashed potato poppers, crispy fries, plus three sauces that fit right on top of the lid. So You can dunk anywhere. You can dunk at the game dunk while security points to the no outside food sign and dunk as 20,000 people watch you and your dunk it bucket get removed from the stadium dunk almost anywhere with the new $7 KFC dunk it bucket or get the double dunk it bucket for 25. Prices and participation vary while supplies last, taxes, tips and fees extra.


So the president's envoy in this region and to Ukraine and globally at this point is Steve Whitcoff, his friend and Witkoff, who I think has done a good for the record, I think has done a good job, but was attacked in u some US media for his connect. He had done business in your country And he was attacked as a tool of your government. Well, you know, sometimes when you read the reports about Qatar, Qatar, like you feel that this is a superpower that's controls, you know, everyone and everyone is a tool in the hand of Qatar. Like this is all joke. Steve is a respected businessman.


He has done business. We didn't do anything wrong with him. We have done business. I I've known him for a long time. I attended his son wedding. I have a personal relationship. And all this happened before even the election, you know, before the election taking place. This was I think last fe February, just months before the election. And this friendship and relationship, it means that there's a trust between two people. And this trust will of course matters for, you know, the working relationship that we have and partnership that us and Qatar has and benefited the deal.


At the end of the day, the man traveled all the way. He stayed here, he spent a few days in Doha, he participated with us in the negotiation. He pushed when it was required. He did a great job. We as you know, as partners, we achieved the deal. At the end of the day, the deal wouldn't be achieved without, you know, with Qatar single handedly or with the United States. Single handedly means all of us, all of us are one team and work together. Now People are attacking him for his relation with Qatar and being a tool in Qatar.


If you go back and trace back those people who are not interested in having a deal, not interested in having, they put their political interests ahead of the interest of even the hostages themselves. How many family in Israel celebrated the return of their loved ones? I am not going to talk about Russia. There's hundreds of thousands of people they've been fed after a very long war. But just, you know, if you look at this and look at the ones who attacked someone like Steve Wico who achieved and succeeded reaching this deal because of his relation with Qatar is to make sure that the next time he calculate his steps.


But Steve is great man, straight shooter. Doesn't matter for him as it doesn't matter for us. We are friends. Yes. This is something I feel proud of that I have many friends in the United States and those friends might become, you know, in certain positions and whether in this administration or in the future administration doesn't mean that, you know, those friends will be like a tool in my, in our hand and or other hand. And basically the people who are using this, they just, you know the problem that they cannot take it, that a small country can get the results.


They, they always have to think about an external factor that bringing them these results. And when they look at it as small country and with this amount of resources, the first thing that'll come to their mind, oh, they are everyone. I'm a country, like any other country. I'm operating like any other country. I protect my people's interests. I protect my region interest, I protect my friends. And that's what will always continue the same way. So Trump gets selected in November, inaugurated in January, and immediately there's a ceasefire almost immediately with, with Steve what caught reading the negotiations with your help.


But that's coming after years of bloodshed, utterly destabilizing this part of the world, the world itself. Where was the Biden administration during all of that? Look, Kar, what's really making me feel sad that the agreement that we have achieved in 15th of January this year is almost 95% the one, the framework that's been agreed in December and the agreement that's been agreed in March 24. And it took all these months in order to, you know, to put it in motion with the previous administration.


We, we were working very closely. I mean the director of CIA is someone that I worked with, I respect a lot and we did, you know, a lot of work together. The partnership was honestly, you know, an exemplary, but at the end of the day, I think it's the calculations of of one party over the other that why would I do it now, let me wait.


And then President Trump, of course they know there is no, like, there is no deal happening before the inauguration as he announced it might have a consequences. And I believe that was, that played a big role in this. But the fact is they couldn't get a deal done And he did. I think this is look also the way that Steve has managed to represent President Trump was also a very effective way. One of the criticisms of your country is that you're too close to Iran. And I should say you're very physically close to Iran. Yeah, We are physically Close to I yeah, how close?


It's around 120 miles away, Right across the water. Yeah. It's just, you know, You can have a boat ride in 90 minutes. You are there. So what is, how would you describe your relationship with Iran and why do you think you're being criticized For it? It's, look, it's, you know, Iran has, has lots of problems. The west, we understand that. We acknowledge that they have problems with the region, with countries in the region. Yes. At the end of the day, Iran is, you know, our next door neighbor and we have to have to maintain a good relation with all our neighbors.


We have a lot of things in common when it comes to the gas field, the largest gas field in the world, it's partnership between us and the Iran. It's half two third of it in, in the Q territory and one third is in the Iranian territory. This is in the Gulf. This is under sea. Yeah. This is the one in, in, in the Gulf Sea. You have, I have to coordinate on environmental issues like for example, the water contaminations. I have to coordinate on security issues like smuggling. I have to have this relationship, this working relationship with Iran.


But also when you think about it from a bigger perspective, it's for the interest of the region to have a better relation for everyone in the region with Iran. And you have seen that there is a huge progress in the relationship with Iran and the GC between Iran and the GCC in the last few years. And basically even the disagreement that we had in certain policies, for example, we worked against each other in Syria for 14 years. Against Iran. Against Iran, yeah, right, Which was backing Hezbollah. Yeah. And you Opposed and, and the same thing in Lebanon. And those differences are, put an aside when it comes to the bilateral, we, we made the bilateral as a relationship of necessity that we need to have this engagement together all the time.


Those disagreements, we talk about them, we try to understand each other concern and we try to find a common ground. And basically that's what we expect from other countries to do when they have, when they are, you know, around neighbor, around neighbors that some others has disagreements with, you need to engage. Now This is criticized in the US that we are close to Iran. In terms of what, in terms of policies that has controversies with the, with the us, it's not true. Our policies has been very clear.


Our policy is based on principles. It, our policy has zero enemies. We have to have friends with everyone. We would like to see peace in our region. We would like to see a peace around the world. If there are, if we see innocent people under attack, whatever their backgrounds, we will always help them and we'll support them. These are the things that our foreign policy stands standing for. So if they see me that, you know, this is like putting me on a club on the other, they are watching me from thousands miles away. They don't know what's happening in this region. They have no knowledge about it.


This relationship, it's an important relationship not for me, for the entire GCC and for the entire GCC stability. Look Tucker, I think that there is a misunderstanding or let's say maybe it's more about a legacy issue that the US needs to take care of the whole world problem. This shouldn't be the case. Each region needs to address their own problems, needs to make sure that this region is stable. The US is the friend and the ally of, and partner of all the GCC countries.


So the US expects from us To come to them with vision that this is the way we would like to see the region and that's the way we are going to work on the region. And we would like to have also your support in that direction. That's, I believe how the relationship should work between us and the us. Not, I'm waiting for the US what's the problem between them and the Iran And then I based my dealing with the Iran based on what the US want. The US is waiting to listen to me, what I need from Iran because I'm the friend of the US and Iran is my next door neighbor. And basically I think this misunderstanding or let's say the legacy issue, that's what's driving this whole narrative floating here And there.


I think that, you know, one day everything will be resolved diplomatically. If I take a stand against my neighbor because of an external issue, very strong stand. What I will, I'm going to do if those two adversaries come together. So I think it's the policy of your government that you oppose Iran getting nuclear weapons. Certainly your neighbors Yeah, of course are on the record against it. How close do you think Iran is to getting a nuclear weapon to building one? Well look, actually a nuclear weapon is bad for the region for any country, whether it's Iran or any other country.


But also like when it comes to, you know, developing a nuclear program, there are concerns of course when, whenever any nuclear program is developed around your region. And those concerns can be not only amatory concerns, but also security and like safety concerns that as I mentioned to you and if, if the water is contaminated, the nuclear facilities of Iran are on the other side of the coast, it's closer to Doha than Baan itself. So the risks and the threats is affecting me. My country affecting other countries in the GTC more even. So There's a nuclear side directly across from you. Yeah. And that's basically, you know, that's why it's putting the entire region in a lot of risk.


If there is no clear standards for managing those nuclear facilities and those clear standards, ensuring that this is a nuclear power plants that will be used for peaceful use. Now who's who's right or, and who's wrong? This is not for me to judge yet. What we would like to see. We would like to see a nuclear program that have complying with the international standard. We are speaking with Iranians all the time that we need to work together. We need to work with the I A A in order to ensure that those standard are, are followed. There are a lot of news and headlines.


We see that Iran is close to nuclear weapon. This is nothing we have ever heard, we have ever seen. I mean, or experienced even our engagement with, with the leaders there, even with the supreme leader, he said very clearly that he has issued a or a declaration that Iran will never go for nuclear bomb. And basically this is, has also its moral status within the country. So I hope that we can reach to a solution, a diplomatic solution where, you know, there is prosperity for the region.


Sanctions are left in nuclear programs, peaceful and assurances for the entire region. And this is will be I think a booster for the region development and prosperity. So there's a great deal of pressure in Washington on the White House and, and on the Congress to participate in or sign off on an attack, an aerial bombardment of the Iran nuclear sites. However many there actually are. One of which, as you said, is directly across from you. So you think about this a lot. What would be the consequences if that happens? And that that's not theoretical as you know, that that could happen. Yeah, soon.


What would happen next? Well, I think it will just will be a start of, of all that will spread all over the region. And basically do we expect from any country to get attacked and to stay silent, there will be a reaction, those reactions and retaliations where it's going to be. Are they going to reach thousands miles away? They are going to be in the region and basically every country in the region are concerned from such a step because it'll affect our security, number one. But also for, for country like the us, it'll affect their security as well.


They have big stake in that region, whether it's on military basis, whether it's in energy facilities in that region, economic interest. Forget about everything, educational facilities. So all those, you know, interest will be affected if something, God forbid, up in, in that region. Look, we, there is no way that Qatar with, you know, support any kind of milit step in that region.


And we will not give up until we see a diplomatic solution between the US and Iran. This needs to reach to an agreement. May, May I ask, just going back a second. You, you've said that, that there's the Iranian nuclear facility directly across the water from you. If that were blown up and nuclear material wound up in the water since it's right on the water, what would happen to the water? This'll be basically entirely contaminated. We have run this exercise of risk in the country. Few years ago before we bought, we, before we built our reservoirs, we had the water that we use for our people is from desalination.


And we don't have rivers, we don't have water reserves. And basically the country would run out of water in three days. The whole country. The whole country. Now after the reserve, ours, we increase that capacity and we are keep increasing it. But this is not only applied for Qatar, this is applied for Qatar, this is applied for Kuwait, this is applied for UAE. It's all of us in that part. So if that nuclear site gets blown up and nuclear material winds up in the water, none of those countries have water.


No water, no fish, no nothing like has no life. Oh. So that would be a history changing environmental catastrophe. It's it is an environmental catastrophe. That's why I'm, you know, that's why I'm telling you that's the position of Qatar in the map and the region with Iran. A lot of people, they, they don't even understand it. I remember one once I went to, you know, the US Congress and I was meeting with one US senator and we were talking, discussing about Iran And he said basically you don't have, you don't have to deal with them.


And I drew for him a map on his desk for the first time. He realized that this is, these two countries are that close to each other. So there are a lot who doesn't see this region as close, you know, to Iran and like it's too intertwined. So they don't have maps in the Senate? No. They do have maps, but probably they don't know what other, we are very small. Do you think, I mean to the extent You can say, I should say you're the prime minister, but you're also the foreign minister. So you, this is what you do all day every day.


But to the extent You can say, do you think that the Iranian government is willing to deescalate through negotiation, open up its nuclear sites to international inspection of some kind, reassure the world. They're not two weeks away from getting a bomb as we read directly every day on the internet, whether it's true or not. I mean, do you think that's achievable? Well, I think it is achievable and actually all the engagement that we had with the Iranian officials as, as I mentioned to you, it's, We were just there a few days ago actually, and engaging with The president, engaging with the leader, the foreign minister over there in order to find a diplomatic solution.


And basically they are willing to engage, they are willing to get to a level that, that create comforts for everybody. And most importantly, they are focused on lending their relationship with the region. And that's, that's something in itself. It, it can create a lot of progress in, in, in every front with Iran. So I believe there is an opportunity now we, you know, we come back to the question, the chicken and egg and egg, which come first, I believe we should forget about these questions and you know, get the parties together, start to understand each other concerns.


And basically if everything is complying with the international standards, I don't see any reason why we don't have a deal.


Sleep is essential. All mammals do it, but only people have trouble doing it at night. You want to get into bed, feel great and pass out. But how do you do that without drugs? Well, cozy Earth is one way. Cozy Earth makes an amazing bamboo sheet set that sounds weird but is awesome. Next level soft. They're temperature regulating And they let you stay cool and comfortable all night long and it really helps your sleep. Cozy Earth makes them, they also make bath sheets the perfect addition to your shower routine. Huge super absorbent, stunningly soft. You'll never want to go back. Once you go the full enormous soft bath towel route. Cozy Earth is all about turning your house into a sanctuary. You can unwind, recharge, sleep. They make it risk for you with a hundred nights sleep trial and a 10 year warranty. Really? Yep. A hundred nights, 10 years. Go to cozy earth.com/tucker, use the code tucker for up to 40% off. That would include sheets, towels, pajamas, and more cozy earth.com/tucker. And you get a post purchase survey. I probably sent it to you. Tell 'em you heard about it here. That's good for everybody. We hope you enjoy it.


There's talk in the United States of increasing sanctions on Iran. I didn't know that was possible, but Iran has been under some form of sanctions for almost 50 years, 46 years I think. Have they achieved their intended goal? And and bigger picture. Have you ever seen sanctions against anybody achieve their intended goal? Look, this this issue is very controversial. First as a principle for, for my country, for state of Qatar, we see unilateral sanctions are ineffective and it's punishment of punishing the people, not punishing a country or or regime.


That's number One. They still have the revolutionary government from 1979 in power, right? Yes. Yeah. I mean if this is, if it has, if it would lead to a result, we wouldn't be in, in that situation until now. Castro died in Havana. Yeah. After 50 Years of US sanctions. So, so just, you know, know, going back sanctions, what does it create? Pressures the people, it stars them. It creates black markets. It creates a whole illegal system. It, if the sanctions are coming out of the US it actually prevents all the US interests or companies to have business and lose the opportunities for other countries.


So I don't see a world where the sanctions work, honestly, for us, as I told you, it's a core principle in our foreign policy. We refuse. We don't, we don't support sanctions at all. And san sanctioning countries I'm talking about and sanctioning countries is just making the situation much worse. Well, can I just ask, so three of the biggest oil producing countries in the world, Venezuela, Russia, Iran, yes. Have been under, I mean, the most extensive sanctions in history. Yes. They're still selling oil though. Oh yeah. Like a lot of oil. Yeah, much.


Yeah. I think, I think it's mainly it's sold in different means in different currencies. And look, Kar I I recall when the Russian sanction came out at the beginning, beginning of the war on between Russia and Ukraine. I had an interview in one of the US media chance and I said very clearly that sanctions will only create a parallel marketplace for other currencies. So the dollar dominated international currency, you will start to see people moving, countries moving away from that.


Yes. By the time. So it won't benefit, it won't benefit, it won't get you what you want. It's the contrary. That's basically what's been, you know, at the end, like any country like Venezuela for example, earlier on, they need to survive. They need to feed their people. They need to get, you know, at least the basic requirements that they want. They will find ways to sell, sell their oils, they will find ways to use other currencies. They will find markets who will accept them and you know, selling them and buying from them.


And that's basically you, you created like a parallel market. And that's, that's what I'm been saying. That's So you cut out US countries, you weaken the US dollar, you make the country more repressive inevitably, but you don't dislodge the leadership, whether it's Putin, Chavez, Maduro, the atolls in Iran, Fidel Castro. And you don't prevent them from selling their oil in international markets. So why exactly would you levy Sanctions? Honestly, look from, at least, you know, my, my humble experience looking at all those sanctioned countries in the last, let's say, you know, I, I always like to talk about my tenure in diplomacy, which is 10 years.


In the last 10 years I've seen a lot of sanctions floating around on a, on a lot of countries. None of these sanctions has achieved the results that's intended to. Well, I mean I think that's true. That's not an ideological point, I think. Yeah, that's like factually true, right? It's It's it is factually true. Yeah. So why does the, I have, why do we keep doing it? Just, you know, if you go and name a single country that has a regime change Yes. Or an entire like, behavior change to the good because of sanction, you will not find any. Okay, Sue again, I, I don't think what you're saying should be controversial 'cause it's provable.


Yeah. Go to Wikipedia. Yeah. So why, I mean, just was, I think this morning I was reading we're gonna sanction this person more. Why? There's gotta be some reason that the US Congress and various administrations have continued to want to do this. Even those, there's absolute proof that it doesn't work. What would be the reason to do it? Well look, a as I told you, you know, when, when you know some, I don't know honestly when You can ask this question more for us, you know, legislator on policy makers, but I think from my perspective, this is when you have, like, if you don't talk to the other party, if you don't want to use military, which is something that we never advise for, the only tool will be, will remain in your hand, is sanctioned to show power and to show leverage, which some people they think that this is leverage and power, which is not What doesn't seem to be No, I power's measurable.


Right? Actually, look, as you know, just, you know, if you go through every, like every sanctioned countries, it never achieved the objective. That's what I want to see. Yeah, I I think that's, it's true. How does the Ukraine war end do you think? Well, look, you know, there is lesson that history taught us that there is no war started with one of the parties once the war, always two parties, they don't want the war And they end up in a war.


And there is no war ended without a negotiation around the negotiation table to find a peaceful solution. How, despite how long it took. So this war will end at the end of the day around the negotiations. Now, if you look at the recent efforts that President Trump is, is doing, and together with the kingdom of Saudi, I believe this is the right direction, the right path forward because, you know, we were like, when the war started as a state of Qatar, we always like, you know, express our willingness to help to support if there is any chance for mediation.


We looked at it, it's something far away, it's in Europe, yet we have some experience in mediation, which is a track record that we have built throughout the year. And we saw that this conflict is too complicated. We tried to break it down to smaller mediation efforts and we were working on the children file, for example, Russian and Ukrainian children, bringing them back to your fa their families. We were working on the energy file, but unfortunately it didn't, it didn't work out. In order to build a foundation for, you know, someone like President Trump to come and to broker a peace deal.


I believe it is the moment I believe that the steps that's being taken are the right steps. And basically the way it ends, it should be the way that it addresses both country's concerns. I think that the Ukrainians has legitimate concerns that they need to address and the Russians has legitimate concerns that the Ukrainians need to address. And I believe this will never reach a solution unless there is some, you know, direct talks between them and also some demonstration of support from the partners of both Ukraine and Russia.


That they need to put an end for this And they need to understand each other concern And they need to take them in consideration. And the partner's role is to give them the assurances and the comfort that those considerations will be taken seriously. I hate to say it, but I think Russia's partners are probably willing to express support for a settlement. I, I don't know if Ukraines are, and that would be Europe, great Britain and Western Europe. And I mean you just saw the prime minister of Britain say the other day, we're gonna send British troops to Ukraine. Well it's, you know, at the end of the day, as I told you, it's, it's an issue between Russia and Ukraine And they need to, they need to address it themselves.


They need to get the assurances that, you know, both countries need. I think that within, even within the eu, not everyone is sharing the same opinion, I believe. But at the end of the day, they will come, they will come down to a conclusion that this issue needs to be settled peacefully. And this issue needs to take in consideration, everyone concern You participated in a successful ceasefire between Israel and and Gaza. And who knows if that lasts. I mean, I don't know when this is gonna air, so I don't even wanna speculate, but, but clearly it's been awful for everybody.


Certainly, certainly been awful for Gaza. It's been awful for its neighbors. I think it's been really bad for Israel. I mean, it's just kind of hard to see an upside. Yeah. So how would you, if you were in charge, fix this, you know, 80-year-old conflict for good? It's going, going back to the basics. You know, if you look at the history since Madrid declaration in the nineties where Israel needed to be integrated in the region, economic normalization should happen between the countries and the region and a political horizon for the Palestinians to establish their own state on the borders of 1967, which is according to the security council resolutions, since that time until today, we didn't see anything.


But the situation is going backward. More settlements, more violence, more you know, policies which are destructive for the Palestinians, fortunately. And basically we are expecting from the Palestinians, you know, just to obey, to stay quiet and not, you know, there will not never be any anything instigated. This is normal. You know, when you have, you know, a situation that lasting that long to have this kind of turbulence all the time.


And I'm not talking here about 7th of October, I'm talking about the entire period, how many wars we had. We had a lot of them, a lot of people, we hear them saying that we need to try something new. We need to try things that we are not even, you know, thinking about. Yes, we agree. The two state solution we've been talking about, we never tried this. Have we ever tried it and didn't work? Does this country that's established next to Israel will be a threat for Israel?


It's a threat as long as it's not a country. And we said that we are willing to provide security guarantees for Israel. We, all of us, we will be integrated together as one region and demilitarized Palestinian state even. So it's not even like, you know, a fully independent one, Not even a real country. Yeah, it's de militarized. So it's, it's basically like everything you are offering. And in exchange we all, we were always like, you know, either because of their political situation in Israel, like we were always faced by rejections.


There were just few leaders in Israel who had the courage to come out and to say that this is this the only solution, this is the only way forward. But in the last few years we, we didn't see any of them. Do you think Donald Trump can force a Palestinian state? I think, you know, look, The President Trump, he's, he's a great deal maker. He's a great businessman. He's a very successful, he made brokered many deals around the world during the first administration. And I believe if we will have peace one day, this is The best opportunity for us with someone like President Trump.


Are you, is Qatar at net zero? I know there was some enthusiasm making sure you got to net zero. Well, if you see, you know, the largest exporter of LNG and net zero, I think there is something happening wrong. Does that mean you're dead if you're at net zero? We are, We, we are. Look, we are, we are committed first of all that you know, Wait, aren't you supposed to pretend you're getting to net zero? Look, I'm, I'm not, I'm not, you know, going to pretend anything that I'm not going to do. But the gas has proven that it is the most important, reliable base load, source of energy for the next century maybe so, and the gas is much cleaner than a lot of other energy resources and benefiting the environment, benefiting a lot of countries switching from coal to gas.


And that's what we are producing, that's what we are focusing on now. Countries who were just, you know, rushing to get to net zero and trying to impose some, you know, green policies that are not realistic. They are attracting from those policies now. Yeah. You see them like, you know, some of them they go, they are going back to coal. Well they're also on the verge of revolution in some cases because they destroyed the lives of their people. Yeah. So it's, it's basically also, it's not fair when you try to impose, you know, these kind of regulations in countries that they have their resources not not being developed, not being exploited.


And there they have no electricity, even like Africa for example. And you want to make sure that no, everything there is greens, everything is net to reach net zero and you are not allowed to come and to exploit your energy. But I don't have electricity. So the whole concept, I think it's right now there is a lot of debate, there is a lot of, you know, argument about it. And I'm not sure if the world will be able to achieve it. Look, we understand the danger of the climate. We understand the danger of the climate change, but it doesn't mean that we shut ourself in the foot. We need to think about it wisely.


We need to think about gradually. And look Tucker, maybe I told you in a separate meeting that you know, the pyramid of, of the needs of the people first security, then food and water, then health, energy, education, education, strong economy and then climate change and the environment. So we are living in a region that barely handling the three, like the three layers of foundation and people like coming and you know, trying to impose on us the tip of that.


We need to make sure that our neighbors, our surrounding are secured. We need to ensure that they are fed. We need to ensure that they have enough healthcare. We need to ensure that they have a good dedication. We need to make sure that they have energy, access to energy in the first place.


Time for their true life. Alp story. I got a call from a friend of mine yesterday, honestly true story, who said his girlfriend had just broken up with him over alp. He wouldn't stop. And I thought to myself, that's kind of sad. And he said, no, it's not sad. Imagine if I'd married her. Now I know I was saved. Then the next day, this same friend is driving at twice the speed limit through a major American city. Pulled over by a cop and a speed trap. Cop takes his license, registration goes back to the patrol car, runs him, comes back, looks in the window and sees a tin of ALP on the dashboard. Pauses stunned. Says to my friend, use alp. Yeah, I do. Says my friend. So do I. Says the cop, we all do. He looks at my friend thoughtfully and goes, drive safely, sir. And hands back his license and registration, no ticket. So in two days he's saved from a tragic marriage to a girl who doesn't like ALP and a speeding ticket. All true. It's more than a nicotine. In a nation of 350 million people are guessing there are about 350 million ALP stories. Email us, yours, we want to know and read it on the air email tell all@alppouch.com. Tell all@apouch.com. Give us your op story.


It does seem like things have changed just in the past six months, partly because of the electricity needs of ai, of EVs, all the stuff baked in the cake, the clear limits of renewables. Like they can't actually run a modern society. That's all obvious now. And so a lot of investment funds and politicians have sort of pulled back from the net zero theology. But what's amazing to me is that it seems like some of them really believed it. I mean, in the case of Qatar, you are opening up a new gas field and I think some, like even energy people laughed at you and said that there's kind of no future for gas.


Yeah, Well look, Why did they say that? This actually happened to us twice. Once when we started the gas exploitation. It wasn't yet the future of the energy at that time. This was back in the early nineties and we took the risk. Qatar was in totally different economic situation at that time. We took a great risk. We we put a lot of, you know, pressure on the country and the needs of the country. And apparently the LNG picked up and became one of the main sources.


Then at the peak of the net zero and the green engine, we announced the expansion of our production, which was back in 2018. And we decided to go invest. And at that time there You can read reports from the IMF for example, that you will, that a lot of countries will end up with a lot of oil and gas, but with no money because they will have no countries to sell the gas to or they will have no markets to sell their royal to. And this was just in 2018 and like everyone was panicked the same, in the same year, we have announced that we are going to expand our gas field production and we are hoping to double it by 2030.


So from 77 million cubic ton, which was peaked in 2011 and continued being sustained until today by 2030 we'll reach 144. And that's basically will be the biggest. So there was a projection in 2018 that no one would want to buy your natural Gas after, after 2050. Who, who, who made that? I mean that's like, That's IMF report actually it's not a projection for Q but it was for the entire GCC and basically That's so far out of whack with observable reality. Like that's that's insane obviously. Yeah, it's not, it wasn't, I mean like we had the debate about this within our government at that time and we didn't, we didn't believe it.


We, we have seen that the requirement for the energy will just increase. We have, we were watching the revolution in a lot of technologies and we, we, we have seen that whether it's the green hydrogen, the blue hydrogen, the renewables, all of them, they cannot never be cost effective in the next 10, 15 years and maybe more. And they will not be enough. The base load, you will always need an energy mix and the base load of this mix will be the NG will remain always the gas. So that was obvious to just interested non-experts like me.


You're just people who read about it like on the side, but the IMF researchers and, you know, energy analysts who came up with this projection. Do you think they really believed it? Well, I, I don't know honestly. I mean, we were like, at the beginning when we have seen these reports, we, we were just questioning why they are doing that. But it was like part of the global sustainability agenda and probably this is an idea that all international organizations agreed to promote. And basically it's the same thing. Like, you know, when it comes to those organizations, you always see a common agenda item that everyone is advocating to toward the same direction.


Look. So They're lying to you in order to keep you from, we Have nothing against energy, against, you know, the green and the climate change. It's, it's something that all of us we need for our survival, for our planet, yes, but also we need to be realistic in our approach. We need to make sure that this progress is not harming us, it's benefiting us. It's not because we want to make sure that the planet lost forever, that our people doesn't last forever. I mean, it's it's basically, it's, it's really a miscalculation. Now another example I will, I want to give you like for example, in our partnership with the US and the gas area, we have during, you know, the time before like the fracking and the shell gas in, in the us we were supplying the US with LG at certain point of time and we built this, what so called the golden pass in Texas in order to be receiving terminal for the gas during President Trump time in, in the first administration we signed with him, we signed during his administration to make it as ascending terminal.


So all the gas, the US gas will will be exported through that terminal, which is a, a partnership between Qatar energy and ExxonMobil. So to explain you take natural gas outta the ground. Yeah. It's often found with oil. Yeah. But then you have to basically freeze it. Yes. And make it to convert it to a liquid state in order to ship it across the ocean. Yes. So LNG is liquified natural gas. That's what You're talking about, liquified natural gas. Yes. And then you have also beside that, during the same meeting when during the previous administration or The President Trump, the first one we have signed the largest single largest petrochemical plant in the world.


It's called the Golden Triangle, which hopefully will be online very soon. And that's what will provide the basic feedstock for all the industries in the United States, which is the polymers. And this is also a partnership between Qatar Energy and US Companies. I mean, looking back, I think we can be a little bit more critical and try to understand what the green agenda was or net zero was. But no one ever explained without natural gas. How are you gonna get fertilizer and plastic? Did anyone ever explain that to you? No. They have no answers. Even, I mean, look, even people with like who are adopting the green agenda when they are talking about electricity, for example, generating ity from green energy, green resources, those electricity will need batteries.


Batteries will need lithiums or the avs. Yeah, this lithium, when you mine those lithium, what is the effect on the environment? Oh, I know. And when a few calculated, it's much worse for the planet and for the land then the oil and the gas combined and maybe from the coal as well. So it wasn't really well thought of. It was something that I believe was, you know, taken to a direction, doesn't serve the interest of the entire world. Does it make you nervous that the smartest, most powerful people in the world could jump to conclusions They didn't think through without evidence that they could just say something was true without knowing it was true and thinking through the consequences.


I mean, it seems like a kind of mass insanity that took over the world. It keeps us up all night. Does it? Yeah. Me too. Mr. Prime Minister, Thank you very much. Well, Thank you very much Tuck. Appreciate it. Thank you. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it, good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell so you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter, telling the truth. Always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.