
Every day. Thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists, like Kunle, put people at the heart of everything they create In the average household. There are dozens of connected devices here in the Comcast family. We're building an integrated in-home wifi solution for millions of families like my own. It brings people together in meaningful ways. Kunle and his team are building a wifi experience that connects 1 billion devices every year. Learn more about how Comcast is redefining the future of connectivity@comcastcorporation.com slash wifi.


Yeah, I was on the five, I remember, start again. No, I was on the over, what do they call it? About, what was the one with the women and Oh, outnumbered. Outnumbered. And I was up there. They used to bring me up there all the time because Doug Diamonds was such, so popular With our viewers. It was popular. Yeah. And the girls, the girls on that show, they were laughing And they said, oh, this guy, Donald Trump's, you know, says he is running for president and all that. And, and they're laughing and they're kind of, you know, making like it's a joke. And they came And they said, what's, say you Willie? And I said, tell you what, I think he's resonated with a lot of people and You can just see him like, like, oh, like they thought I was gonna laugh and be joking.


I said, don't underestimate the power of celebrity. 'cause I was like, I'm just new to it. But man, when everybody knows who you are, it that, it's a big advantage. Because the thing about Kamala Harris, she was the vice president for three and a half years. No one knew how to say her name, Including her, And she was the vice president. Welcome to Tucker Carlson Show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else. And they're not sed of course, because we're not gatekeepers. We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly.


Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's the episode. When they got elected, or whatever it was in 2020. I, I totally, by accident I pronounced, I called her Kamala. Yeah. Which is what I thought her name was. And the White House press secretary attacked me as racist, which okay, fine. But it really was, I would admit it. Right. It was totally accidental. Right. And so this kid on our staff found tape of her calling herself Kamala, and then Kamala. Ah. And I just thought, like, who can't pronounce her own first name? Yeah. That's Funny. If you were like, I'm Willie Robertson, I'm Will a Robertson.


You know what I mean? I mean that kind of weird. Right. Hello, I'm Wiley Robertson. You know, I, I mean, I think it's fair to like, settle on a pronunciation of your own first name. So one of the things I was, I've never hunted with you before. You've, you've become famous for bird hunting. You're an excellent shot. I can, I just wanna confirm that for people watching. Oh man. It's not fake. I've gotta make my dad and brothers watch this. It's true. No, so, so that they know That it's, no, it's true. You are, but you're not. You become famous from television. You've, I just wanna get right to it. You've written this book, gossiper, which is not about hunting.


It's kind of, what's it about? Hunting for people, Hunting for People, or fishing for people, perhaps Turning, turning darkness into light. One conversation at a time. Yeah. That's came with this book this year. And this was kind of the one I wanted to write, you know, it was like, before I die, I wanna write this book. And it's really about my faith. The faith that was passed down the first chapters, my mom and dad's story about how they got their faith. We put out a movie last year called The Blonde, which was their journey in faith shot in the late sixties, seventies. And that was a bad, he was a bad guy.


And In what way? Oh, he was just, well, he called himself a heathen. He was just a bad dude, you know, just into everything. He shouldn't have been into, he's married, he's got this young family. He's drunk all the time. He loses job, he's ends up running a bar. And all hope literally was over. He had kicked us outta the home. He was a bad dad. He is a bad husband. What do you mean he kicked you out of the home? He kicked mom and us out of the house. He's or outta the trailer. Really? Yeah. And yeah. And so, and the one person who didn't give up on him was my aunt Jan, his younger sister.


And she, she'd go up to this bar he was running. Dad has like a master's degree. He was a, could have went professional quarterback. He played a head of Bradshaw. And in college at Louisiana, tech gifted athlete had everything, you know, ahead of him and just pretty much throws it all away. And so my, my, my aunt would go up there and pass out a little bible track. She was a very charismatic Christian. And, And he hated it, you know? And he was like, stay outta here. And, and she bragged this preacher to go preach the gospel to her brother. And, and I write in the book, I can just imagine this conversation like, 'cause 'cause the preacher's in Louisiana, the bar's in Arkansas, and, and I'm sure it was like, can you share the gospel with my brother?


He's wayward. And, And he probably was like, yeah, tell him to come to church. We'll meet after. Oh, he is not coming to church. And you'll have to go see him. What does he do? He runs a bar, you know, in Arkansas. Yeah. Which one? In town? It's not even in, it is not even in the state, you know, and this guy gets in his car and drives to a bar, walks in, where was the bar with his Bible was in Junction city of Arkansas. And it was rough, you know, it was a rough Right. That goes thick spot. It goes that, and it was adversarial. Like the guy goes in. Phil does not want to hear it. He does not, he's not even invited in there. And, and I knew the preacher up until he passed away. And, And he, And he, he says, he says, your dad, your dad's sitting there.


He says he's got a pistol in his belt and a giant Budweiser. And he's about half lit. And the dad looks at him and says, what you selling preacher man? And so the guy sits down and nothing happens. Phil doesn't, there's no, there's no conversion, there's no, just as I am bar baptism, Phil just said, I'll keep that in mind. And so he leaves and then, and Phil's life even goes more in the tank. He ends up the state police showed up to arrest him. He goes and lives in the woods for six months, I think. Like he was that guy. What Were they arresting him for? He had put two people in. ICU beat 'em up over a bar dispute, And he just takes off lives in the woods, says I'm on my, and out there is when he, he, he got really sick and nobody, you know, everybody was trying to figure out where he was.


And, but he was literally, he's got wife and kids at this point too. Well, then they let mom ended up moving to, they moved to Louisiana and we're pretty much like, hope he doesn't die, you know, but it's over, you know, he's already kicked us out. And, and then he comes dragging back up into that town And he pulls up to where my mom was working. She has a new job and trying to move on with her life. And, and she's like, call the police. Like, oh no, he's, you know, he's all beard And he is living in the woods. And he pulls up And he, he's crying. He said, where, where's that preacher? I need to talk to him. And that's when Phil became a believer, right there. So that's the first chapter in the book. So how long did it take your mom to take him back into?


She took him right back. It was amazing. You know, I always said if it weren't for dad changing his life, but also if it wasn't for mom, forgiving him. And yeah, It's easier to change your life than to forgive someone who's abandoned. Especially when you're just saying it. Yeah. And who knows, you know, there, I'm sure there probably wasn't the counseling that we had, you know, they just, yeah, no, you know, and she, but she needed help. I mean, she's got three young boys, and at the time, three, and I was the youngest at the time. So in the movie I'm portrayed, I was very particular on who played me in the movie at two years old. I mean, you gotta get that part right. You know? Oh yeah. That's, That gotta be a handsome toddler. Was it? So it was, my grandson played me, my grandson played me about his greatgrandfather.


Oh, that's, it was awesome. That's fine. It's fun to watch that movie and it's a hard movie to watch. And dad didn't even want to do it. He, it was tough for him to go back, you know, and relive that, you know, just pull all those, but we said dad and mom too, both. We just said, I think this can help a lot of People. You know, a lot of people who were in similar situations. And so yeah, they stayed together. And so the first chapter of the book is that, and, and So if you think about it like this, like 50 years ago that happened. If that doesn't happen, this family does not stay together. If the family doesn't stay together, there's no duck commander. If there's no duck commander, there's no Duck Dynasty, there's no podcast.


I, I don't know where I would be. I don't, my whole life would look completely different. And so part of the reason for us being still so excited about our faith is because we feel like we owe everything we have to our faith. Had it not been for faith, it would've been over, you know, marriage was over. I, you know, who knows? So Do, I mean, do You remember a time before your father Was a Christian? I don't Do your brothers. They do. They do. I, I don't really, everything I remember was, was great. And, And he went from, you know, darkness to light. I mean, he literally, it was kinda like sawing Paul in the Bible, you know? It was like this old person. Then he just turned and just went, I mean, just full blaze.


And he just wanted to share the gospel with everybody he knew, you know? 'cause I guess he had lived And he said, I live so bad now. I gotta go help these people. And so he became known. He became a known gospel speller of just known for preaching the gospel to everybody. A gospel speller is someone who preaches the gospel. It is, it's a, it's a real word. It's not, it's an old word. Did you ever heard of it? I've never, no, never. I've never heard of it either. So I'm writing this book, it's 2020, you know, COVID. And I was like, I wanna write this book. And so it was about sharing your faith. And my wife, who's way smarter than I am, she comes in 'cause I couldn't figure out what to call it. And she goes, Willie, I found this word, it's called gospel speller. And it used to be very commonplace.


And it was not necessarily pastoral. It was just like common folk who were just known for sharing the gospel. And it simply means somebody who shares the gospel with people either publicly or personally. And it didn't fall short on me that the word is literally a dinosaur. No one's ever heard of it. Right. But at one point in America, in Europe, this was a common word. And they were, they were called known God spellers. No, I, I found a law, I wanna say it was up in, it was up in the northeast where it's like nobody can stop a, a priest or a known God speller from preaching on the town square. It was actually in a law, like that word was in a law. Amazing. Isn't that cool? Yeah. So she found the word. And So how did you grow up?


Like, did you grow up in a world where Christianity was at the center of everything? Oh yeah, for sure. Number one. Number one, no doubt about it. So it wasn't like, oh, we should try to go to church. It wasn't, it was, you know, every, and we had so many Bible studies that it, it just really went all week. Like, 'cause what happened, it was, we would, once you're kind of known for that, so people would bring people down to the house for Phil to talk to there. And there was the most wayward people You remember, it was like murderers, I mean, the craziest people ever. And I would just, and dad would just go, no matter who they were, he would just sit there on the couch and he'd feed 'em supper, and then he would jump into the Bible and just, I mean, it was Fridays, Tuesdays really?


All the time. Yeah. All the time. And then dad started teaching Bible classes. So he would teach his Bible class on Sunday mornings, and then he would, but he would just study like crazy, like just crazy person. This, you know. And my father's never owned a computer. He's never owned a cell phone. He, he doesn't have a cell phone. How do you text him? You don't, I just like saying That you go find him. So I call and I'm like, there's, there's, there's a dude, there's a dude down there near, so you call him, but you gotta go find him. And he is like in the woods, you know? And you, you've gotta, if you want to track him down, you gotta go find him. So does he Still hunt? Oh yeah.


But it was, but yeah, then dad would just read and study and, you know, he would just, just thirsting for knowledge. You know, he loved the knowledge, but then he loved trying to, to share that. And that's kind the point of the book is just turning darti in light one conversation at a time. And that, that, the tagline comes from, it's, it's funny how my business mixed with my faith. So we have some new products for deer, and it's this, this feature where You can, you click a button. So right at that time where it's real dark, you know, it's getting a little dim, still legal, shooting hours, and it just boom, it just goes, turns it into it's daylight. It's crazy. How, What is it? It's pulling light.


Whatever ambient light is, it's pulling in, right? It's amazing. So we had this new product, so I'm looking at all the marketing material on it, And they add on there, turned, turned dark into light. And when I saw that, I went, that's the tagline for my book, turning Darkness and Light One conversation at a time. So through a conversation, meaning had the guy not gone and shared with dad, you know, he was the one that actually planted the seed or shared with dad. And, and boom, that's where it started. Just that conversation. And then I watched, you know, hundreds and hundreds of other people just through a conversation lead to a life change. And so, and so what I wanted to do was go through the book and go through kind of how to do that.


Because a lot of people, they're so intimidated, they don't know what to say, And they like the idea of it. And they're like, well, I hope somebody tells somebody about their faith or about Jesus, but it ain't me. You know, I don't know how to do that. I don't, it's like, I don't know where to start. I don't know the Bible well enough. And so we kind of dis qualify ourselves from a lot of those for a lot of those reasons. And so I just tried to go through and tell stories, and I pull stories from the New Testament, just conversations, like, especially conversations like, especially in the book of Acts. Like that's where you're really seeing kind of the church meet with the world and just pull the conversations. Like, this is what they said, and this is how you could share with others. So you, Your family, despite living in a very rural area, you've got a duck call business, and you're seriously Christian, you wind up in television.


Yeah. Which is like the opposite of all of That. Yeah. So how do you have the, so the, the crew comes in for wherever you're meeting with the studio executives from wherever, but not from West Monroe, Louisiana. No. How do you begin a conversation about your faith with someone like that? Well, it was obvious. I mean, I think the faith just comes through in every, it was gonna be hard to separate that, separate the faith. And so, but I understood television enough to know that, you know, it can't just be a sermon. You know, it's gotta, you know, right. And we, we love Our lives. I'm saying the people who run television, I have noticed from spending a lifetime there not super receptive to the message. They weren't, as, you know, a lot of people ask me that.


Like, we ended every show with a prayer. And, and I get, I almost get this like weekly. It's like, I bet they didn't want that prayer. And, but that wasn't the case. They, they were like, oh, it's cool. You know, like, good for them. Yeah. It wasn't a, it wasn't a battle at all. It was just a good way to end the show. They knew faith was important to us, and, and that's how they, well, that's how we ended every show was with that prayer. But there wasn't a lot, lot of resistance at all from that. So, but you're leading. But I know, I think people, they thought that was the case, or wanted to No, I love that. It's not, yeah. And it really wasn't. It was like, and then once it works and once it's Right, the commercially successful, It's the biggest show, you know, ever in reality tv it's like, oh, we loved that prayer.


You know? That was our idea. No, no. It, you know, it, it, it worked. And so once we talked about how to do it, and my father was, he was so funny with the show. So when I went down to tell him, I said, dad, we, you know, we got this idea doing this television show, And he hated it. He's like, I don't want to do it, you know? And I said, Well, where did, where did the idea come from? I said, it's a way to get the gospel out to more people. And, and literally that's what I told him. And he says, the share. He goes, Hmm, I never thought about that. He goes, you think it can? I said, I don't see why not. He gives up a thumbs up And he is like, all right, we'll do the TV show if he can get the gospel out tomorrow. People, So you do a show like that. What are the mechanics of it? 'cause it seems like it would take over your life completely.


It Does. So like, how does it work? It's a lot of, well, we didn't know when we started, like, we had no idea. I get a, I get an email. This is, so we had done a, another television show on the outdoor channel, and in the same way, like my, it was my wife's idea, Corey said, Corey watched reality television. Is she From West Monroe? She's from West Monroe. Well, she's from the city. I'm from the States. So, so she says she's watching all this reality television, and she said, Willie, I think I think your family needs to have a reality TV show. And I'm like, That's not a compliment. Well, when your wife says your family needs a reality TV show, that seems Well, that's What I said.


I, I said, that's Usually an Attack. Well, that's what, well, I didn't realize it. And I said, Corey, we're just normal people. And she goes, Willie, y'all ain't normal. Like, and then so what? She was like, you guys are like, she goes, I I've been with you for a long time and where'd you Meet her, by the way? Summer camp. Fifth grade. Wow. Camp Chka. Camp Chka, yeah. Her, yeah, I saw her sitting on the swing. So her grandfather and father were business guys, very successful business guys. And part of their charity work, they had built this summer camp. And so now that we're new believers, my parents are, that was a new thing.


Like, now we're going to church, summer camp, you know, and we'd never been to church, you know, it was like, and we couldn't even afford it. So when we would pull up to the camp, my mother had no money, and she would be, and so we would have our bags packed, like, we're ready. And she'd like, all right, here's the deal. Y'all stay here. Let me go see if I can trade working in the kitchen for you guys to come. If they say yes, you're in. If they say no, we're going back to the house. And we're just like, please say yes. Which what's funny is it was, it was my wife's parents who were making the decision, my, as it turns out in life, I later married their daughter who ran the camp. It was the same camp I was hoping to get into. That's Amazing. So every time they said yes, and so they would let, and so we would go and I see this girl, she's on the swing, so I can see her to this day.


And she's got this big giant, you know, 1980s saying, I'm like, who is that girl? And they said, ah, it's Corey Howard. You know her dad and them, they, they're the ones who run the camp. And so I went over and talked to her. I invited her on the moonlight hike, and she said yes. And we went on the moonlight hike in fifth grade. And we did keep dating. We didn't, and we didn't get married that year, but we waited. How old were you when you got married? 1918. You were 19. She was 18, Correct. I proposed to her when she was 17. I was 18. What'd Her dad say? He didn't like it. I bet he didn't, he didn't like, he didn't like the idea of that he wasn't a fan.


They were very well off. They were, yeah. They, they lived in the neighborhoods. I was like, and I pull up in this neighborhood deck and I'm like, looking around, it was like, mow grass, you know, like, you know, sprinkle, they Mowed their grass And sprinkler systems, you know, I'm just like, whoa, man, this is crazy. I'm looking around and there's not one visible burn pile anywhere. And I'm, I'm going like, what are these people doing with their garbage? You know? I, I didn't know there was another wedding, so we're, we're gonna have the talk, right? So he is like, we got, and I know then, like, we went to church together, so I knew we were family and, but he just was like, oh, y'all need to wait and you're too young and, and we're just dead set.


We're like, no, we're getting married. So he gets, so when we have a meeting, And he is such a, he's a smart business guy, and he's got all these papers. He's got statistics and papers and files, you know, and I'm just sitting there, white t-shirt, like, he's blowing me away and he's making me so mad, you know? 'cause I'm like giving him, I'm, I'm pitching vision, man. You know? What was your vision? Well, Christianity like, we're brothers. Like, come on man, it's gonna be great. And he's like, you haven't thought about all these things in life. And finally he just goes, he's getting so mad. And he's like, I thought he was gonna hit me. You know? He's like leaning up on me. He said, where exactly do you plan on living with my daughter?


You know? And I, right. I mean, I said, well, I reckon I'll pull a trailer up in the back of Phil's house and we just live there for free. That was your vision, not the, not the answer the dude wanna take and we'll burn our garbage in the yard, like normal people. But it worked out. So last fall, I was out in Las Vegas and I ran into Theo Vaughn, who's hilarious. And I wind up doing a podcast with Theo Vaughn and I have a Tin of Zen on the set with me. And he says, what's that? And I start joking about product nicotine pouches.


And I say, in effect, this is a, a cure for erectile dysfunction. Totally joking. Of course. Not serious. Not a doctor. Never even think about making medical claims. I have no idea if that's true. I'm totally kidding. It's what we call a joke in the business. It's a joke. It's not serious. So I get home And there is a letter from the General Counsel of Zinn, written in the most super silly is nasty, to whom it may concern, Mr. Carlson or representative thereof. It has come to our attention that on a, a broadcast with a nationally known comedian, you made an inaccurate health claim about our product. I'm like, what is this? What did I do? You should know that there's no medical study that suggests that our product is an effective ed cure.


And I'm like, are you kidding? I made a boner joke and you're sending me a nasty lawyer letter. It was the dumbest, most humorless thing I've ever seen. And it was instantly recognizable to me as someone who has worked at big companies most of my life. It was the product of HR lawyer culture. Only like a pronoun company could issue a letter like this. And it was like, somewhere on this planet, somebody is laughing, we must make them stop. Call the general counsel issue a nasty letter. And I thought to myself, I cannot believe I'm buying their product. I have nothing in common with these people. They, they can take a joke. They're stupid And they hate me And they hate humor And they hate joy.


And I thought to myself, I'm gonna create an alternative because there's no way I'm gonna spend another dollar on a product made by people like this. And so we created an alternative, Alp Pouch dot com. Usher in tomorrow, a brand new world of nicotine pouches. The American lip pillow on sale now.


Wait, how Long? Did take 32 years later. We're still married. It's amazing. And We're great. We're we, I mean, I, so her parents' house at my house, literally, I, it's like a Pi. I know you don't play golf. It's a pitching wedge away from me. And we were just right beside each other Now. Yeah. I see 'em every day. We're, yeah. And I learned, I, most of what I learned in business, I learned from him. How many grandkids did you give him? Eight. Eight, so far. You have eight? I have Eight. So he is, Oh, how many does Eight grand. Great-grandchildren. How many kids did you have with his daughter?


How many kids do you have? Oh, How many kids do I have? Six. Six, okay. He's gotta be pretty exciting. It's just the way You ask him. Sorry, I asked you backwards. Lemme Just start again. I have six children and eight grandchildren, so, yeah. Amazing. But yeah, they're great. And so we live, they're on the, and we all live right there. We're just all connected and live beside each other. So how long Did it take you to, to win a Yes. From your father-in-law? I mean, it was after that night, he wanted me to come over to their house. And so Corey was, she was in college, so she wasn't even there when all this happened. She was in col. I wasn't gonna college, I was gonna seminary.


I was gonna be a preacher. And, and so Corey calls and says, dad wants you to come over. And I said, oh, he's gonna come pick you up and take you over to their house. I said, nah. She said, why not? And I said, I'll have to walk home. She goes, what do you mean? I said, oh, it's gonna go bad. And I, I don't have a ride. I'm gonna have to walk all the way back to my house. It's like seven miles. I said, no, I'm not time to come over here. So he comes over to where I was staying and I was living with my brother at the time, and it was he and his mom and me. We were on the couch together. And, and his and my mother-in-law, she was in between us. But I did, I thought, man, I think he may punch me.


And which I was ready. I mean, I have three brothers. And so I was like, if we just gotta fight, let's just fight. I was like, I, let's go. You know? But then it was after that night they said, okay. And then I think just a six months later, we got married and we were driving to the wedding And he said, you know what? I, I said what I said, and that's what the way I felt. But now we're good. And, and I literally never heard another word about it. Like really? Yeah, he was great. So was your wife that came up with the idea for Duck Dynasty? Yeah. Yep. Then I had to go tell Phil and then, 'cause originally it was on the outdoor channel. Yeah. What Was it called?


And I was approached by Benellis at Shot Show. Have you been to Shot Show? Yeah. Yeah. So I was approached by them right after she said that. And they were like, Hey, are you guys interested in doing a, like a reality TV show with the shotguns? And I was like, Corey just said we should do a reality TV show. And He goes, well, let's, let's, let's have a meeting. And so, so we sat down And they said, Hey, we will, we'll pay for production. You guys will be on the show. Thankfully, they had two guys that came in that they had just hired who were, who they came out of reality television. So he'd hired them for like, their in-house, you know, all their commercials and stuff that they do.


And, and we love Benelli. I mean, we love the shotgun. So we was like, yeah. And so we're going through the deals. And so right at the end Corey says she's, she's such a smart business person. And I'm excited. I'm like, Hey, This is our business is gonna go up. So I go to Phil, like Phil, he's like, oh, it's a terrible idea. And I'm like, dad, we'll sell more duck calls. Like we'll be on the outdoor channel, like plus free shotguns, plus free shotguns. I was like, plus free other stuff. I was like, this is the smoking deal, you know? And so Cory says, so we're gonna go up to Maryland. I think that's where the Maryland, and we're gonna have this meeting. And Cory, oh, she been reading these books. And she goes, well, I think, I think I think they should pay y'all a talent fee.


I'd never heard that word. I said, what is talent fee? She goes like, they should pay y'all to be on the, I said, Corey, Corey, Corey don't get greedy. Like, this is a gift. They're paying for production and I for shotguns. Yeah, yeah. I'm, and she's like, well, it won't hurt to ask. And I said, what? Okay. But I said, here's the deal. When you ask if you get any weird sense, abort the mission, get outta it. Do not screw this. You know? So I was like, because I was like, This is our big chance, you're gonna ruin it by asking for too much. So we go in the meeting guy's going through, he said, okay, we'll start production here and we'll do this and that. And, and He goes, I think we're about ready to go.


And Corey's like, I, one more thing, you know? And I'm like, oh God, you know, I'm like, to me. And she's like, we're thinking you should pay the guys a talent fee. And he was like, oh, what, what were you thinking? And she said, we were thinking $30,000 a piece was be for the whole season. And I'm making $28,000 a year. That's my salary. What were you doing? That was my job. I made 28,000 at, but what was your job? Oh, at the, at the duck call company. That, that was my whole yearly job. I made 28,000. She just asked for 30 for, to do this thing, which would essentially double my pay. And when she said 30, I'm like, oh my gosh.


Like, that's way too much. And the guy literally just goes, yeah, okay, no problem. And I'm like, crap, we should have said 50, which just said 50. Like she said 30 we went to. And so then, and here's what kind of CEOI am. So we were excited. So we go back to the house, I go back down to dad's house, Jason's there, we're all in the house, and they're waiting to hear what happened with the TV show. And I walk in, I'm like, well, boys, we were fixing to do us a television show on the outdoor channel. And guess what else? I got us $30,000. Act like it was my idea. And everybody just like, we, we were like, we did it. We, we, it's over.


We finally figured out we got pre shotgun, we doubled our back. We have to do a TV show. We have no idea what we're doing. And we launched into that show. What year was that? This would've been probably oh eight. Yeah, somewhere in oh eight. So we launched into the show. We were able to cut our teeth. So we had been making DVDs and hunting videos. Now we go on this TV with these, these boys from reality TV where they're, so we really learned how to do television, you know, how to do you know, what was gonna become ultimately Duck Sty? It was a, it was a different show. Like half of it was just like hardcore guns, you know, and, and all the good they were showing their products.


And, but the other half was just like silly reality stuff that we just came up. And I kind of focused on that. My brother and dad and them, they did the hardcore hunting. And then I was over there doing the, Hey, we can show this and we can just wild, crazy stuff we were doing. And, and the show was super popular, like in in that world. Everybody loved it. And we won awards and our sales went up. More people were buying duck calls and our T-shirts. So it was like, Hey, we did it, man. And I had to sell, part of the deal was I had to sell half the advertisers. So, 'cause in that, that when you get your commercial, then you have to go sell 'em. So Bonelli would sell half and I sold half of them.


And it was so funny. Like it was hard selling, but ultimately it was gonna be Duck guys. It was, you know, it was hard selling an ad for this thing. I ended up selling all mine. I would sell my ads and that was part of the deal I had to do. So then we get an email, I get a generic email information at Duck Commander and there's no tell how many, these just never even get looked at. Of course it's a dude. He said, I'm a producer in Los Angeles, I've watched the show on Outdoor Channel. He saw that show. I think you guys have a really big show. Gimme a call. Left his number. Secretary comes in and says, I got this email.


Somebody's sitting, they're from Los Angeles. And she said, do you want me to throw it away or do you want me to respond? And I looked at and I said, I'll respond. So I respond, said, Hey, this is Willie. What, what do you thinking? You know? And I get on the call with him and man, he's a fast talker, you know, he is la he is like this, Willie, I'm gonna tell you, this is gonna be the biggest show. I mean, I'm telling you, I've got something that's big y y'all like, like you have a really big show. Like you gotta, we gotta take this thing bigger. You know this, this is on cable, this is on. And I'm thinking, this guy's full of crap. I'm like, I said, you think so? And he is like, he said, Willie, you will not be able to walk down the street without people. Everybody recognizing who you're and I God, this guy, like he is laying on thick, you know?


And so I said, well, so what do we need to do if we were to do that? He said, we'll make a Siz reel. And unfortunately we had, we had just done like three seasons of this show. So we took three minutes and then he started pitching around the networks And there was a lot of interest. You gotta remember, this is the time Louisiana, the tax credits were big. Like before Georgia had it before, right? Louisiana was kind of the hotbed. And there was tons of shows. I mean our state is like, there's so much culture and just fun people in our state anyway. And so you had Billy the Sterner Swamp, swamp People, sons of Guns, all these are Louisiana shows, Bayou billionaires.


There was tons of shows been shot there. So if you had anything in Louisiana, 'cause they knew they could go say 40%, you know, in the state. And he saw it and we were on the outdoor channel. He saw it and then outta nowhere comes A and e, a and EI, I didn't really know anything about a and EI didn't watch, didn't even know what it was. And he said, A and e is interested in two pilots. And I'm like, what does that mean? What? And he says, well, if they pick it up, that's where we wanna be. It's a good mixed audience. Like men and women watch a and e big company, you know, it's, you know, combined with History channel A, B, C, Disney, all this and ESPN. And so he said, the problem is that they pass on his dad.


Like, because then everybody just said, oh, they passed on. Yeah. And so we shot two pilots for a and e had no idea what we were doing. And then the film crew got giant, you know, they sent down this huge crew and, and we had no idea. And we just kind of went into it, not really know what we were doing. So what's it? And didn't know if it was good or I didn't know, you know? And, and so what was interesting was they didn't know. They didn't know what exactly they were getting. So if you, if you kinda just looked at a picture of us, you'd be like, I think they thought we like grunted and like, you know, and couldn't speak English. So they didn't, I think they thought, And they thought it was gonna be like danger, like alligators are coming outta the water, you know?


So they come down and so hey, He goes, so we shot the pilots, we sent it off. And so they come and we're like, well, we have good news and bad news. The the bad news is, this is not the show we were ordering like at all this, we were all shocked and we're like, uhoh. They said, the good news is it's way better than what we thought we were getting. And they were like, this is a family show. 'cause nobody had put us in any category of family show. Even those we were family, but it was like, they just didn't, I think they thought kinda like, we're gonna laugh at these, but you know, these are Oh, totally. And they just totally didn't. It was a honey boo boo thing They did. Right. They didn't realize. Right. That 'cause some of their ideas initially.


Some of them it was like the women folk are out, you know, getting the possums, you know, and skinning them out. And my wife's like, these women folk do not, we don't even go in the woods. You know? So, so, but they saw, and then there was this comedy, this real, 'cause the first show we did on Outdoor Channel wasn't really funny. And once we saw this kind of comedic thing come out, that's what I mean, that was what really I think set it apart was, it's funny, it's a fun, you know, something You can laugh, you know, it's a funny show. What's the, I mean, what's the process of filming it? Well You said you, your house got descended on by a swarm of producers.


It was, yeah. So we, we shot in all our houses, especially mine, especially my Miles was kind of the, 'cause the show was kinda, we, we didn't know any of this going in 'cause we didn't know what we were doing. But it was kind of shot through my, and so you would have like Willie's dad, Willie's wife. So you're watching the, as a viewer, you're watching it through my eyes. So I was supposed to be the normal guy. I'm the normal person. And then everybody else is, is crazy. You know, this chaos is happening And they, to some extent, they are crazy. And so, so you had some people that are just kinda like themselves, like, like my father just ne he dad never understood what exactly we were doing.


Like he, he, he never understood the show. He never liked it. He never understood. He, he told me early on, he was like, well, tell him we need more preaching on this show. I said, dad, I said, dad, there's another Robertson family with a show like that. It's the 700. Like, we're, we're not that show. Like this is, this is not that. Are you related to them, By the way? And he was like, I'm not, no, I'm not, not that they haven't asked me for money, so I guess I'm not, everybody related to me has asked me for money. So You're like an NBA player. So yeah, he never quite understood the show. He, so my dad gotta tell you this once. So my dad got so mad one time he said wouldn't even say anything.


He just didn't understand. He thought it was so goofy and we were just being stupid. And so we sit down, this is my favorite thing that ever happened to Doug Naty that never got shown. So we had this dinner scene every time, you know? Yeah. And so we're on like episode 80, you know, and you know, the part of TV is, you know, you got these kids, they come in from la they're 25 years old And they're telling you what to, you know, all all go, you don't look right And you know, it, it is just, it's kind of weird when you become a CEO of your company and you're doing this now you're, you know, you're listening to people you don't know and they're telling you what to do. And so I think my dad had gotten a little past the point of that. At this point I be pretty quickly. So we're sitting all the table up and we're just sitting there, you know, we've done this a thousand times, you know, and jibs on the table and like, okay, everybody ready?


And some little young producer's like, okay, and Mr. Phil, you'll pray action. So we bow our heads and Phil said, father, I pray for these bunch of heathens from Los Angeles, California with their latte coffees and their filthy language. I pray you don't burn 'em all in hell for their sinfulness. Amen. And we were, we were laughing so hard because none of us knew that was coming. None of us realized. And so we, we all look up and we're just like looking around and go, what was that?


And this, this young producer never missed a beat. He was like, Thank you Mr. Phil. Now can we do another prayer that we can actually put on television? And that never aired. Mm. Never aired. Never aired. It was so funny. So yeah, dad didn't quite understand the, But I mean, these cameras are in your house for what months or time They Are. But you know, you, you know, well it was like walking into here. Yeah. We're we're filming in here. Yeah, that's, that's a good point's. Like obviously, you know, And we're in a pheasant camp in South Dakota, So May Yeah, we are in a pheasant camp. I was a little worried too about that. I thought we did a bad idea. So we stayed up too late last night.


That's true. We were telling the story. It was so fun. That's true. And it was, I'm glad we did. So we get up this morning, we go shoot tons of birds, quite a few birds walk around and then we go, I, I think I ate two pounds of meatloaf At least. Yeah. You said at least I ate that or no, I did. Okay, you did as well. I didn't know, I didn't look at your plate. Yeah. A lot. And I thought that's not a good recipe for doing a long podcast. I was like, Not at four in the afternoon after hunting In a big one. Oh man. You any of that. That was part of my demands though, because I've heard recently about people in their podcasts and demands and what Yeah. Contract writers. Yeah. And I said, I demand we have to fly to another state shoot birds that morning.


Yes. This should be every, this should be every podcast. And It was literally in the contract that you signed with us where you demanded lemon squares after. I thought that's a bit, that's a little much. Yeah. No, I said let's just go, we have to go find somewhere to actually, this was your idea. And so Thank you. It was my idea. I was gonna go to Maine To shoot. Yeah, but we don't have any pheasants in Maine. No. This was a better grouse. This is a way, trust me, this was a way better idea. If, If you could, I don't know how many birds we shot this morning, but if you could shoot two grouse a day in Maine, you're The best grouse hunter in Maine. Really? You're a good shot too. Alright, well I'm telling your audience. I would hope So. I'm telling you the audience. You're a good shot. I'm not half as good. That wasn't Surprise.


I mean, I knew you hunted a lot. I'm not, I'm not half as good as I should be after all the practice I've had. I'll tell you that. But no, it's actually, actually, I, I missed a bird. A bird got too aggressive with me and it intimidated me. And I always think, you know, when you're bird hunting, you are the pursuer, you're the aggressor, you're the predator. Right? And when the bird turns it around and tries to fly up your nose, I just, I freeze and miss the bird every Time. Wow. And you had the gun, you know, 'cause it's unnatural. I was here a month ago doing this pheasant hunting. I didn't grow up pheasant hunting, so we were poor. So I have a pheasant come, he literally is coming at my face. Yeah. And I didn't know what to do.


And I, I took the shotgun and I went back like I was gonna hit it like a baseball bat. And I alm and I, if I had a little more kaons, I would've, the God said, you should have done it. You know? Oh, it was that close. It was that close. He had, I think he'd been hit. So he was, he's coming down And he is like, and I'm like, what? He was just so close and I, there's a picture And he see me come like this, but, and you just go, sure. Right. And then I thought, why didn't I, can you imagine if you just grab it the presence of mine and that's what separates the Yeah. Most of it to that one. The just grab that sucker outta the air. Oh, would've been, That's an Aaron Rogers move.


And I blew it. And then one day I'm gonna, now I'm gonna schedule like it's, I was months of pheasant hunting. Do I can get that same scenario to happen again? You Can. I watched my father get hit right in the chest on a driven peg shoot for pheasant when I was a kid. And it knocked him right down And he was turning talking to someone and the pheasant just came and hit him. Right. And just bam. And he's a big man. Did you grow up pheasant? Yeah. Oh you did? Oh yeah. Yeah.


It used to be only crazy. People thought they were being watched all the time. Surveilled the guy mumbling next to you on the bus. But now anyone who knows what's going on thinks that because it's true. Your phones are listening to you tech companies tracking all your online activity nor to profit off of what ought to be private information governments are watching too. It's a corrupt system. It's frightening. And the worst part is it's all legal. The government certainly will not help stop this. Of course the intel agencies love it. So it's up to you to protect yourself. And that's where Express VPN comes in. The express VPN, which we use here is an app that sends a hundred percent of your online activity through secure encrypted servers. That means nobody can see what you do online. Not internet service providers. Not data provoke brokers, not Intel agencies. Don't believe it. Listen to this. Within the last year, express VPN received over 400,000 data requests from tech companies and government agencies, but did not share a single piece of Kager data. That's because the company has a strict zero logs policy Express. VPN cannot and will not share your data. They don't even have your data to share Express. VPN is easy to use, takes one click. It's rated number one by the experts at CNET and the Verge. And right now you get an extra three months for free when you use this special link. Go to ExpressVPN dot com slash Tucker and get that extra months for free. It's ExpressVPN dot com slash Tucker.


When you think about businesses like Allbirds or Skims that are selling through the roof, sure you think about a great product, a cool brand, and brilliant marketing. But what's often overlooked is the business behind the business that makes it all possible for millions of businesses. That's Shopify. Nobody does selling better than Shopify. The home of the number one checkout on the planet. With shop Pay, You can boost conversions by up to 50%, meaning fewer abandoned carts and way more sales. Whether your customers are scrolling online, scrolling through your store, or browsing social media, Shopify ensures you're ready to sell wherever they are. It's no secret businesses that want to grow, grow with Shopify, upgrade your business and get the same checkout Allbirds uses. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash dax. All lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash dax to upgrade your selling today. Shopify dot com slash dax.


We report. We report to you too. Yeah, we were really poor. Oh yeah, we were Super poor. You were middle class man. Us too. Oh yeah. How did you get off of McDonald's to go work? Do your I've come a long way just bootstrapping it. So Did you, like what was it like to go from being maybe locally famous to nationally famous? Yeah. Night and day because it, but it was, man I'm so appreciative. So we, we, it was like we did just enough to get comfortable enough to figure out what it is that you're doing. And I love the, you know, the progression, you know, I think zero to he, you know, just like nothing to something, but it was just enough.


Like we knew just enough TV and then we had done some, you know, stuff to where if we went in Bass Pro shop or what, you know, he was like, ah, there's duck commander guys. And, but just enough. But then once we hit the, the really national spotlight, especially to the level our show was, it was crazy. It was just crazy. It not Good for you? No, it wasn't good. No. And many way business. It's not 'cause business went crazy and it trying to do everything, you know, because you're still trying to, you have, you have a business, you're trying to run your business and, and then ours was really unique because the nature of the show looked like we were goofing off or everybody in the, well then I'm getting, you know, 50,000 orders, well we can't fill 'em.


And then I got people emailing me. I just saw y'all goofing off. I just watched the show. It was like, like that's really what we are. Go build some More duck holes. So then, yeah, I had to go like, do a video going, Hey guys, look Willie from Doug Nastia, we really are working for, it's not everything you see on the TV show is what exactly happened that day. You know, exactly that day. So it was, it was crazy. It was, we, the first holidays we crashed our computer I think three times. It was so bad because they ordered their product. So we got their money and then it crashed. But we didn't know what they ordered. So we have your money, We dunno what you, what'd you do?


Just tried to put out saying, hey call, call us. And they call and be like, I didn't get my order. And be like, why don't you tell us what you ordered? Well just, just generalize whatever you think, you know, just spitball it, you know? We'll, we'll get as close as we can. We're just trying to ship stuff out. Ugh. People were like, those are good problems to have. And I'm like, no, they're not. They're terrible problems. No, they're not. They're terrible problems to have just really overwhelmed just wasn't, wasn't ready. And, and to think that when we did this show, we had this meeting and my wife Corey says, do you think we should order more duck calls? And I said, no, no, nobody's gonna order a duck call. You know, even if you like the show, why, why would you need a duck call? I mean, if you're, if you're not a duck hunter, what do you, oh, was I raw?


Really? Oh, people were buying decorative duck calls. People were just buying any duck call. Like they just wanted that. What did they do? I mean, unless you have a Duck, they were on a shelf. Well it was just a, they wanted a piece of the show and that was a, that was the piece they wanted. How many duck calls Did you sell? Oh man. Like million and a half or something Crazy. Duck calls. Yeah. And the year before we'd done 50,000. So 50,000 to 1.5 million. That's Crazy. It's insane. It's insane. We were working 24 hours a day. I had crews, I had everybody who could possibly How much child Labor? Not much child labor except for ours. We made ours work.


Yeah. What Does your kids think of the whole thing? That's what I was, I mean I think that's your big fear. I mean, your fear is, is how's it gonna, how's it play with them? Yeah. I always say this young life, I've been able to do a lot of things and most of the things my kids are gonna do or have done, I've already done, you know, went to college, have children, get married, you know, move what I mean the only thing I had zero experience with was being famous at a young age. Yeah. I understood it at 40. 'cause I was 40 when, when the show came out. But being 16, you know, I had no idea. And also you've got the beginning of social media too, and so that's new as well.


And so yeah, I think they probably struggled, you know, with some of it and struggling. Certainly some aspects of it understood the good oven and, you know, figure out a way how to use it. You know, use what it was for, for the good and then ditch the stuff that was that. So they're Not mad about it now? No, they're not. How Many are married? Four. Five. Five. Five. How do you get your kids to get married? Get married so young. Yeah. I don't know. I didn't encourage it. You didn't? Well, that was the day I told you about Corey's parents.


You know, her dad's mad. All right, you're too young. This is what made him mad. I said, how old were y'all? 19, 18. Same age. I was like, you're the same age we were. We got married. So it was interesting that, 'cause he couldn't say, oh, we waited and, but no, they wanted to get, you know, they got around the same age And they got married as well. But it's not, like I said, here's how we do it around these parts, you know? Not at all. They just, I don't know. You find the right one and then make a commitment and go. It's Pretty great. Yeah. It really is. Great. Well, it's great 'cause then you're young because I'm, I got eight grandkids.


I'm a young, young grandparent. I mean, it's fine when you're younger, you know, you're not So how long did the show go? Five years. 130 episodes. Wow. Why'd they end it? There were a lot of reasons. I think one, it gets more expensive. It just keeps getting more expensive. Yeah. You know, everything goes up, you know, it's like Your fees go up, Everything goes up. Did you? Well, not just ours. Everybody, you know, production, of course. Everybody's going, Hey, if this keeps, you know, generating income. And, and so I think, you know, it's, I'm assuming, I mean, I think it's probably like a baseball player.


Like, you're paying a guy $10 million at first base. He hits 25 home runs. We could pay a guy 500,000, maybe he'll hit. Maybe we hit 12 home runs and good enough. We'll save them. You know? And so I'm sure they're like, we could make other shows. And some of it just played out. I mean it like, you just kind of run out of like, what's, what do we do now? You know? It's like you have, you just have more kids and stuff. It's like, you've done so many, I mean, 130 episodes with two storylines is 260 stories. That's a lot of stories, you know? Yeah. We were certainly ready. I mean, we were ready for a break. It was a, that's a lot of work, man. I mean, the first year, man, we filmed, God, we filmed 10 months that year.


Yeah. This is not some couple month deal, you know? And this is not like that. How Many days a week? The first year we did six days a week. And we did even some Sundays, Sunday afternoons. Just getting it, man. We were just, That's crazy. It was hard for 10 months, six days a week. It was hard. It was hard. It was a lot. But we were just, you know, at that point we're like figured out. And then they were just, it, it became so popular And they must have gotten closer because they wanted more evidence. They was like, we need more, we need more. We need more. And so it was like, keep making 'em. Keep making 'em. And so finally we're like, time out, you know, renegotiate. And so part of that, we went to Monday through Thursday, schedules gives us a day off at least a day to go the hospital.


I mean, to go to the doctor to go. Yeah. You know, just stuff, you know, stuff you need to do. 'cause it's not like you worked every day, but you're on the schedule for that long. So some days you may not be, you know, you may not be on that afternoon, but you won't know until it comes out, you know, on the schedule kind of where you're at. So, did you ever feel misrepresented by the show? No, because I, you know, I kind of played a part, like I had a part that I played on the show and it was kind of consistent of, it just kept me, it was authentic. I mean, it was like, I'm the CEO I'm the head guy. And so I think in order to make some of it work, you know, you kind of had to have a, a bad guy.


You know, somebody. It's like, yeah. And I mean, it's kind of the sort of comedy comes from, you know, it's like you think about it, like the stories you think about in school or in church growing up. You know, what are the funniest things? This when you're gonna get in trouble. Right. You know? Of course. It's like, ah, we're doing, it is so funny. You don like, you can't stop laughing. So some of that was, was kind of like that, you know, let them do stuff. And then, then I'd be like, this is so stupid. You know? And like, 'cause it was stupid, but, so I just kinda, you know, so for my role in it, and, and then I was also the guy that narrated, you threw the show. So I had to keep you, I had to keep you up on what was going on. 'cause 'cause people get confused. They get, and if you get confused and if you don't, if you can't figure a show out, you'll just change the channel.


Of course. Because it makes you feel dumb. Yeah. And you're like, oh, I can't watch this. It's, you know, 'cause I can't figure it out. Did you watch the shows? We did. I, I did. I don't, I, I never liked watching really myself. And I don't like watching speeches or other stuff. But we watched that one together because half of the show, I never knew what happened because it wasn't the parts I was in. Right. To be like, meanwhile down at the river. And so I didn't see that stuff. And it was hilarious. I'd been watching it going, this is so funny. 'cause I didn't know what I was, I was watching it with everybody else in the world. And so it was so funny. God would get so tickled at some of the stuff they would do. So we'd watch it together.


We, like, my family would all get together and, and the kids were younger, so it was cool for them to be able to, you know, kind of see themselves on tv. How were they treated at school because of it? Different. I mean, everybody's treated different, you know, but they were, it was probably wor you know, good, probably good and bad. You know, they didn't go to school as much as, like, they were out of school a lot. So we had a teacher there on set just 'cause it was a lot of days. So they weren't, they just had to do a lot of the school. Sadie did a ton of school from, from the house, just 'cause that's what she had to do.


But they were, they were in a Christian school And they were pretty lenient. I mean, not on the grades. They were so lenient on, they let them play sports And they could still participate and stuff like that. You know, Even those, they were kind of doing school from afar. What year did it end the show? 12 to 17 maybe. So It would have to end at se I mean, at some point you're gonna run into the, to the political problem. Right. Show like that. Yeah. When you say political problem, well, I mean, I don't know. You know, you you, you live in Louisiana, you run a hunting related company and you're Christian.


Yeah. So you're probably gonna reach a different political conclusion. You're probably gonna be pro-Trump. I mean, just Right. Judging by all that. That is true. Yeah. There was Trump. Yeah. Most of the show was President Obama. That was the Yeah, he was The president and yeah, Trump was right there. Did you address it on the show? I don't remember that. Trump? No, No, no. We didn't. We didn't Because it kinda wasn't that kind of, it wasn't like really reality like that. It wasn't like you didn't see stuff from Right. The like I remember we would be filming at a grocery store. We'd have to turn the magazines around 'cause we would be on the cover of the magazine. But we're filming the show around and be like, Hey, It's too fourth wall coming down. Yeah, It was a little, it was a little, but yeah, Trump was, no, that was right when Trump, yeah.


I kinda, I I stick my toe in the water a little bit on that one. On the air You did? No, just in life. Yeah. Just with Trump and Well, Yeah. I mean, it's a different world now though, right? I mean, Well, in my mind I was a little naive. I just thought, well, this is cool. You know, I like trying, I like, when I first heard about, I thought, oh, that's what we need. We need a business guy. We need, we gotta get away from these politicians. We need a bi. That's exactly who we need. Yeah. And, And he had a reality TV show. So I, I was like, hey. He is like, so yeah. And so I meet him. I, you probably never read the story. So first I met him.


I was doing, I was in Oklahoma City. My son was speaking at something, I can't remember. I went to hear him speak. We had been elk hunting, not my son, but me and a buddy were elk hunting. And the dude has a plane. I said, Hey, can we stop in here? My son's giving a speech. Yeah, cool. So we, we go in there and see him. We're at lunch. And this guy said, Hey, guess who's in town? I said, who? He said, Trump, he's doing one of his rallies. This is back 15. And you know, he is doing these, right? He was at the Oklahoma State Fair. And I was like, oh, we gotta go, we gotta go to this. This is awesome.


You know? And I had just met Don Jr. Who's a hunter. And that's how I certainly is. That's how we, we met each other. We just met and talked. And so I, I emailed him or texted him and just said, Hey, your dad's doing this rally. I was gonna go check it out. And he is like, cool, I'll set it up. And I remember I got a police officer. 'cause I was like, there's no way I can go to this Oklahoma state. Like, I'm gonna get mobbed at this place. You know? And I may be more recognizable than Donald Trump in Oklahoma City at this in 2015. And so I show, I have this cop with me. I get, there's an RV in the back.


So it's like a outdoor, you know, there's a giant crowd. You know, it's outdoor thing. There's an rv. So I get on this rv, me and my buddies and, and my cop friend. And there's these other people in there. There's like cater person. There's a few of people. And this, this is a funny story. There's a dude on there, And he comes up to me, he's got a earpiece then, but he's like, got beach shorts on. You know, oh, who is this guy? I said, what do you, he said, can I get a picture of you? I said, yeah. I said, what do you do? I, 'cause I didn't know who worked for Trump. Trump's not there yet, you know. And He goes, oh, I do all kind of stuff, you know?


He said, do you wanna see my gun? Now I've been around, you've been around enough. Has any security person ever asked you, do you wanna see my gun? No. That's not a, no, it's not a thing. And I'm looking at this cat going, what in the world? So I take a picture and Corey Lewandowski gets on the bus. He goes, if you ain't with Willie, get off the bus. And so these people start getting off the bus, right? And so here comes the whole entourage, you know? And Trump gets on first. I met him And he is like, Willie, look at Willie. Did you see the crowd is huge in 2000.


He goes, even for you, it's huge, right? And this is a huge crowd for somebody like you. You know? And, and so I'm kinda laughing. My buddies are just like, this is the funniest thing ever. I look back on the, You can ask Corey the story. I look back, that dude who said he had a gun is talking to Trump. He didn't get off the bus. And he's got like his book or something. And I could see, like Trump does, he just looks, and that's back when he had those like giant security guards, you know, this is, he wasn't The president, you know, he used to have those like six foot nine guys. So Trump just gives us, look, there's a look here. They come to me and go, is that dude with you? I said, no, he is not with me. I said, And he said he had a gun.


And when I said that, oh, they grabbed this guy, like by the bike and just threw him off the bus. And Trump said, these spies are everywhere. And so I was like, and they're all looking. I could tell, man. And I remember I looked up and I said, what kinda operation y'all running here? Well, that really made it bad because then I'm making fun of their security. But it was a true story. Like this dude, who was he? Thankfully I had the cop. It was a detective from Oklahoma City. So later, a week later, he calls me, he says, Willie, he said, I found out about you about that guy. He brought the porta-potties in to the fair.


And he tells the fair director, anything else I can help you with, I'll do. Well, they start putting him to work, doing all the, he has a earpiece. 'cause they're telling him, his whole thing was he wanted to get Trump signed his book. He did the whole thing. He goes, he didn't even know you were gonna be there. You were a bonus. And he was excited. He got the picture of me. Isn't that while, that's amazing. So, so I'm on the bus. So, so Trump's fixing to go speak. Well, when I went to this deal, my wife, I said, look, Trump's speaking, we're gonna go over and check it out. She says, Willie, do not, do not get on that station. I said, don't worry, I'm out of this. I'm not getting involved. Bobby Jindle was running.


Yeah, he was a friend of mine. I was like, nah, nah, nah, I ain't doing any of that stuff. And so Trump, before he gets off the bat, He goes, Willie, did you wanna get up and say anything to the crowd? And I said, nah, nah, nah, it's Trump. I'm good, man. I'm good. I'm I'm you go ahead. You know. But I thought, you know, I thought these politicians, you know, but I thought, well, he's not a politician, so probably maybe he won't do it. So I go out there, Tucker, I'm like, he gets on the stage and I thought, if he's gonna do it, he is gonna do it right off the bat. And so there's a stairwell. And so I'm kind of hiding in this 'cause I don't want to, I don't really want to be seen at this point, you know, I'm like, and somebody would be like, there's Willie Robertson. I'm like, nah, no, I look like him. You know? And I'm just, I'm kind of like leaning in the stairwell and I'm thinking right off the bat, he is gonna go like, Hey, guess who's here?


You know, nothing. Trump just goes into his speech. He's chy. He's this, he's 30 minutes deep. By this time I'm, we're ca we're laughing. We're like, this is the funnest thing ever. You know, I never dreamed he'd be The president. I was like, this is cool to see, you know? And, and Trump 30 minutes deep. He just stops. He looks around And He goes, where's Willie? And my heart stopped. I went, oh my gosh, please tell me. He knows another guy named Willie at the Oklahoma State Fair. And he just starts walking down the stairs. He goes, where the hell's Willie at? Where's he at? You know? And nobody knows who he's talking about. Everybody's going, who's Willie?


And my buddy's going, Willie, you gotta go up there. And I said, I can't, I can't go up there like I can. I'm not prepared to go up on the stage. And he is like, he's calling for you on the stage. So I pop up on the stage where everybody goes crazy. Like, it was like, oh my gosh, what? So I walk over And I was like, eh, I'm like waving to the crowd. And so I, I leaned, I shook his as said, Hey, good job Mr. Trump. Kill it, man. It is awesome. And I go to pull away. He doesn't let go of my hand. He just holds it. And I'm like, you're in the Trump trap. And I'm going, uhoh. And, And he's holding. He goes, Hey, hey, hey. He goes, Hey, I got something. He said, do y'all know who this is? And everybody goes, He goes, this is the biggest television star in America.


Everybody's going crazy, you know? He goes, there's Willie Robert Duck down this thing, you know? He said, I got one question for Willie. And I was like, yeah. And I'm like, oh, please. He goes, do you love Trump? And just hands me the microphone.


Do you ever feel like you can't trust the things you hear or read? Like every news source is hollowed, distorted, or clearly just propaganda lying to you? Well, you're not imagining it. If the last few years have proven anything. It's that legacy media exists to distort the truth and to control you to gate keep information from the public instead of letting you know what's actually going on. They don't want you to know. But there is, however, a publication that fights this, that is not propaganda. One that we read every month and have for many years. It's called Imp Primus. It's from Hillsdale College in Michigan. Imp Primus is a free speech digest that features some of The best minds in the country addressing the questions that actually matter. The ones that are not addressed in the Washington Post or NBC News, The best part of it. It is free, no cost whatsoever, no strings attached. They just send it to you. Hillsdale will send in Primus right to your house, no charge. All you gotta do is ask, go to Tucker for hillsdale.com and subscribe for free today. That's Tucker for hillsdale.com. The only way this stays a democracy is if the citizenry is informed. You can't fight tyranny if you don't know what's going on. And Primus helps. It's free. Don't wait, sign up now.


It's the iest question ever. Tucker, my brain is going so fast. I'm like, because here's the situation. We've got 10,000 people here. They're all there to see him. They're there to see me. And now he's asking me this super awkward questions. I'm like, I've already endorsed Bobby jal. I'm like, what am I supposed? You know? And so I, I lean up to the, the mic and I go, yeah, yeah, I do like me some Trump, you know, and everybody cheers, you know? And I said, and Trump's behind me with his hands on my shoulder. He's ready to laugh. If I say the wrong things, throw me away.


And I said, here's the deal. Me and Mr. Trump have three things in common. We both had successful television shows. We both were successful at business. And we both married people that look way better than we do thank Oklahoma City. I'm. And so I walk off to the deal, and I, and I'm still just like literally kind of shaking from the whole experience. And I get in the stairway and my buddy's going, oh my gosh, I can't believe that just happened. And my phone just immediately starts going crazy, just buzzing, buzzing. And so I'm looking at it and I, and I'm like, oh no, you know what, what have I, what have I started? Now it's all my buddy's going, oh my gosh, we just saw you ont.


Oh my God, you're on. You know? And one of, I'm sending a screenshot, Trump's behind him with a sign, you know? And he iss behind me like this. And then there's my wife's. And I went, oh no. And she said, did you just endorse Donald Trump from president? And so I just screenshot the picture with Trump. I sent it to her. And I said, no, why would you say that? And she was like, do not get on stage. And, And there I am on the stage. And the next day I got in an Uber car in Oklahoma City to go to the airport. I'm sitting right beside this driver, little old guy. He looks at me, He goes, what'd you fellas do last night? And I said, we went to the Oklahoma State Fair.


He goes, so did I. He goes, I went to see Donald Trump. I said, did you? He goes, he's gonna be the next president of the United States. I said, you think so? He said, oh yeah. Oh yeah, we believe in him. He's gonna be The president. I said, did you see that dude that got up in the middle of the speech? I'm this part of his face. He goes, you know who that was? Willie Robertson from Duck Dynasty. He flew in just to endorse Donald Trump President. And I said, really? He goes, oh yeah, he's a huge fan of Mr. Trump. Yeah, he's a big television guy. And I mean, I literally, I'm, and I said, sir, you know who I am. He looks at me, He goes, no idea.


I said, I'm that dude. I'm will. I was on the stage and I thought he was gonna freak out. He goes, you had a different bandana on. I said, I did have a different bandana gun. He goes, yeah, yeah. I didn't recognize you with that other bandana on. So that's how I met Trevor. Have you ever met him again? I have. Yeah. I saw him a couple more times. He did. Well, Don Jr. Came to the house and hunted that when we set up, we set up Phil. Well, Phil made me, so Matt, my dad. So dad, I go, so Don Junior's gonna come duck hunt with us. He goes, I'm coming down. Let's duck hunt's perfect.


We set it up. Well, I'm going to Mexico for my anniversary four days, four days. I'm in Mexico. So I go to Mexico, you know, and your phones are all jacked up down there. You know, it's like numbers come in. So I'm leaving the Mex Mexico airport coming to America. I get this call. I don't, but it doesn't say who it is. I answered, this dude is talking so fast. I'm like, he is nowhere within a thousand miles of where I live in the south. It was a northern accent. He is. And I'm like, now I'm whoa, whoa, slow down, slow. Who is this? He goes, it's Don Jr. I said, all right, what's up? I said, oh, we on, huh Don? And He goes, I don't know if I can come.


I, I don't know. I don't know. We're still, I, we, we've gotta figure out. I said, oh, what happened? He was like, 'cause of what your dad did? I'm like, oh, I've been gone for four days. I'm like, four days. What ha who has he offended? What has he done? And I can't understand this about my dad. He lives on the end of a dead end street. Does not have a cell phone, does not have a computer. But somehow he can get messages out all over the world. Like instant. It's amazing how he can, how he can do this. I'm like, what did he do? He said he endorsed Ted Cruz. I said, no. I was like, where did that come from? He goes, there's commercials. I said, there's commercials in four days.


He has met Ted Cruz And he has endorsed Ted Cruz and there's commercials. He goes, yes, they're playing right now. So I pull up the commercial. Phil's in, Phil's in the duck line. So, and it's Ted and they've all got Face man on Ted's got this face, man, he doesn't look like he's in play. He's like, he looks scared of dad. You know, he's like, everyone's like shoes in their back of, you know, spits come outta their mouth. And then there's Ted Cruz, like, like dude a face mate. And so Phil, He goes, we're voting for Ted Cruz. He's a brother in Christ. We're all voting for him.


And insinuate like, we're, we're all like the whole duck coming, duck diocese, crew is vote one, I'm not there, obviously I'm in Mexico. I went, oh my gosh. So I call the house, mom answers the phone. I said, mom, where's Phil? He's in the woods. I said, well, crap, I gotta talk to him. She goes, well, You can go try to find him. I said, she goes, what's wrong with you? I said, he just made a commercial with Ted Cruz. Nobody, these are things you have to tell me. Like, you know what I'm saying? You have to let me in on. And she goes, oh no. He knew he was gonna be mad over that. He knew you liked Trump. But you know, Ted Cruz showed up with a bunch of TV cameras and I don't know that next thing I know.


And I said, well, mom, he said, we're all voting for him. We're, we're not all voting. And she goes, no, no, no. He didn't mean all you boys. He meant all the Christians. I said, mom, I'm a Christian. Well, you know what I mean? So, okay, so we, so we set up, so we set up, so Don Junior finally kind, he's like, all right, I'm, cause he was like, I'm not coming down there if you're endorse it, you know, it was, it was awkward. Yeah. So I said, oh, we're going, we're gonna set up Dad good. So we're, we're gonna burn him on this one. Don ju come down duck hunts. And you know, he's lights out shoot shot. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. And I knew it. So you know his, who's now, so dad's blown away.


You know, it's good. So by what, What a good shot Don is. Yeah. Oh yeah. And so, so I reached out to Hannity. I said Handy. I said, put me and Phil on the show. I'm back in Trump. He's back in cruise apparently. And I said, I'm gonna set that sucker up. So we get on the show, dad and I are going after it. And I said, hang on. I said, I got one question to ask Phil since we're on the show. I said, you Phil, recently went duck hunting with Ted Cruz And he also went hunting with Trump. I just said Trump. I didn't say Don, I just said Trump. I said, dad, who exactly is the better hunter?


They said, ain't a doubt about it, that cat from New York can shoot son. So I got him saying that Cruz wasn't a Uck. 'cause I asked Dad, he said, oh yeah, he couldn't hit the broadside. And finally true. Cruz dropped out, thank goodness. And so then Phil came on board? He Did. Has he been on Board ever since? He has been. He has been. I mean, is there anyone in the world that, I mean, I think things have changed since then, of course. But like the world that you live in is probably pretty much a hundred percent Trump at this point. Yeah, I mean down there. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I mean, I think it's, well now it is for sure.


I mean, Like, did you have a lot of friends voting? Kamala Harris? Yeah. Well, I mean, well just, 'cause I know a lot of people outside of Louisiana, so No, I mean, in Louisiana production, yeah. All my TV friends, I mean, yeah, I've done tons of tv. I mean, so yeah, I've got friends all over who were, and we had great debates, but it's the way it should be. Like, we debate, of course we love each other. Of course, we're friends. We're, you know, and, and I can certainly look at Trump and call them like, that doesn't make sense, or that's not how I feel, or that's not right. I would say, or that's ugly or that's unkind, or whatever it is. And so, and this year I was staying out of it. I I, I really wasn't because of the book.


'cause I, when I wrote this book and I said, I don't wanna get pulled. I want this message to come out, you know? Yeah. I want the mess of the gospel and I don't want it to get gummed up with, and I understand, you know? 'cause I was involved. I mean, I was the first speaker in the 2016 convention. I was the first. You were, You don't remember? No. That powerful message that I can, golly Tucker, where were you? I think I was just in a cloud of euphoria To, I was to race my brain first. Bigger. And you, and now you gotta remember 16 when I went out there, they were like, all right, look, we don't know how this is gonna go. Remember? 'cause they were fighting. They were, yeah. They didn't know whether they were gonna walk off or, oh, yeah. So they were like, good luck, Willie.


Because I was the first guy out. Like, I was the first guy on the stage. And Don Junior called And he said, Hey, my father wants you to speak at the convention. I was like, and I I, I was gathering my breath to say no, he, because I was just gonna be like, no, because in my mind, I thought it was like 45 minutes. I was like, I don't have 45 minutes in me on politics, you know? And I'm going, and I said, I said, let me check my schedule. That's what I said. Let me check my schedule. And He goes, okay, well check your schedule and they'll get back with you. So like, the next day someone calls, some lady calls and says, Hey, so we've got you scheduled. You're the first speaker. And I'm fixing to tell her like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I, I didn't, I I didn't say yes, you know?


And she goes, you're the first one up. You go for three minutes. And I went, three minutes. That's a commercial break. Yeah, of course. I'll do three minutes. You know, and so I was, yeah, I was the first speaker in the 16th. What'd You say? I can't even remember. I mean, it was nothing. It was like, I really don't Remember. Did you think he was gonna win that year? I did. Did you think he was gonna win this year? I did. Why? Well, I thought he had a really good, I mean, I, I was a little, I called it at 8 33 central time that night when I saw Virginia and North Carolina. I said, it's over. Virginia was close. I was like, it's, it's over.


Yeah. I mean that, that just, I wasn't sure about North Carolina. That was the only state though. That confuses me sometimes. But Virginia, I mean, he, I think he was winning, like, you know. Yeah. He was like, early on I was like, oh, it's, I, and I, I told my family and I texted my friend, I said, Trump wins. It's over. But yeah, I, I had a good, I had a good sense about it. It just, it felt like it did in six extent. It felt like I was just kind of looking at the culture and looking at what people were saying. And I was like, these got a lot of people that are, you know, 'cause it wasn't as, it wasn't as weird as it was before. Like that was kind of cool. It was like people, you weren't ostracized as much. I mean, 16, I mean there was, it was people did not like him in 20.


Oh my gosh. But you had that covid, I mean that whole covid. And I said that year, probably earlier that year, somebody asked me who I thought was gonna be, I said, oh, Trump. I said, it Trump's got this. There's no way he can lose. The economy's strong. We're safe. We're not in a war. I said that. That's it. That's game over. I said, unless something really weird happens. I said that. Yeah. Like, did they manufacture a virus in China? And then the weird thing happened And there you go. And, but I went to bed last time thinking I went to bed in 20 thinking he had, I was like, oh, it's over. Oh, so you fell asleep before they shut down the Yeah, I woke God. And I was like, uhoh The polling places. And I was like, uhoh.


So here's a question you shouldn't have to think about, but probably do. What would you do if your family needed lifesaving medication and you couldn't get any? You hate to think you're gonna face that. We depend on our supply chains all the way from Asia to here. Thousands of miles across the Pacific Ocean. But let's be honest, that chain is fragile. Just one weather event. When container ship accident, an unexpected crisis, a war run the brink of a couple and suddenly you can't get the medication that you need, that your family needs. Now people are gonna tell you, don't worry about it. Calm down, everything is fine. Alright? But why not spend a little bit of money to make sure everything actually will be fine. And that's where the J Jce case comes in. JASE case. It's not paranoid, it's planning. The JCE case is a simple portable supply of emergency medications. Ones you actually will need that You can keep at home. So you're totally prepared. It's better to be too early than too late though. At this point. Nobody thinks we're gonna be too early with this. Check it out for yourself. Go to jce.com, jc.com and use the code Tucker for a discount. That's jce.com promo code Tucker, you should do it.


We have, did anyone in that, you know, in Louisiana have questions about that election 2020? All of them. It's Kinda what I thought. Oh, I thought we've all got question, but I don't understand what it is. Like, I was like, I've listened to people over time. There's tons of people who question that stuff. Always. They que you know, like, ah, you know, they question like, was it done right?


Was it, you know, I mean, I didn't realize it was a crime to question just to make sure, hey, did everything, did y'all do that right? 'cause it seems strange, you know, maybe it wasn't, but It was strange. Yeah, yeah. I think the people in Louisiana are all like, hmm. You know? Yeah, it was pretty obvious. Got a few cities we're waiting though. Well, we'll let you know tomorrow. How much are we behind? Yeah, they had to tally the number of votes they needed. So what's the new show? Yeah, we have a, we are getting back into production. It's kinda like the next generation of duck sty. So my kids are older.


Well, so since 2017, 2024. Yeah, a lot's happened. The cast has grown up and then everybody else is still around. And so, yeah, so back with a and e we met and they said, Hey, you guys interested in, you know, kind of redoing a show and felt like the time was right. Met with the family, prayed about it was like, I think so the kids were excited and said, yeah, let's show, you know, realized Tucker, what, you know, we talk about, it's a long show and it's like, it's hard work, whatever, you know? I mean, it's a lot. But man, when you talk to people And they tell you like how much that meant to them and how much, I can't tell you how many people just like, it was what my dad and I watched together.


Yeah. And my mom passed away. It was like the la you know, it was the only thing that we could laugh at together. And we watched as a family. Now I have like 25 year olds even here. I mean, these kids are like, you know, when I was eight, I watched every show y'all had and was just, you know, watching the prayer at the end and just watching our family be positive with our, you know, the roles were correct and it wasn't a lot of, you know, just darkness and stuff that people watch. And it wasn't just a train wreck. And so it's really inspiring. You're like, oh man, you know, it's good to make something. Especially when it came out originally, you know, it was a pretty much a little bright light amongst a lot of, you know, some dark stuff out there, some dark tv.


So, so I think when You can do that and You can provide that for people, there's no Pressure at all from your corporate masters to change anything or make it Different? No, I mean, I actually, I mean, to be honest with you, I feel stronger now than I would then because they know who we are. You know? Yeah. I mean, they know what we're all about. It's not like, I mean, back then they didn't know. They were like, I think they're religious, I think, you know, like, yeah. But now obviously over the past, well crap, since 2000, you know, the last 12 years, you know, where we stand, you know, what we're, what our morals are, you know, what's important to us. And, and we have a lot of followers, you know what I'm saying? Like, we have social media for Sadie has millions of People, you know, my kids have followers, they, you know, so a lot of people are interested in that.


And it's, it's, they're interested in, I think they want to be entertained, but they also, you know, I think they learn stuff. I think they can watch and learn. You know, a lot of people that watched our show are like, we, we never prayed. Like we never prayed before a meal. We didn't even know, you know? And we started trying that, you know, probably more often than not, even the pre, they rarely ever sat down and even ate together anymore. That's a gone, that's The saddest thing. They were like, we never even, we never even had dinner. Everybody's just grabbing it and going, you know, meet you there, meet you at the deal, go the ballpark, get, you know. And so this whole idea of just sitting down and just spending time with each other at dinner was becoming a foreign concept.


And so I think people can learn And they can be like, oh that's, you know, maybe they can't, they don't have the family we do. Maybe they don't have, maybe everybody doesn't live there like that, but they can kinda live through that and kind of, you know, start their own, you know, traditions or doing something more as a family and realizing, you know, the importance of it and, and then also just taking a break and not, you know, I think what I love about diagnostic was we didn't take ourselves too seriously. We had fun, we laughed and oh God, I mean, do we need that? I mean, we need, yeah, we need some, you know, everybody's so serious. I think if you had written this book 10 years ago, it would've seemed pretty weird. You know? Why is the reality TV show, writing a book about spreading the gospel right?


Does not seem weird Now. Do you think the country's changed? I think it's changing. Yeah. I think it's, I think it's certainly changing. I think people are looking for answers. That's why I wrote the book, I think because I think we get so lethargic and, and some of this was even like, even in churches, they get, they just get lethargic And they get off. You know, you gotta know what your goal is and what kinda what you're here for and what's your mission, you know, what's your mission? What's your mission in life? Well, and I take my mission from Matthew 28, which is the, it's labeled as the Great Commission. And Jesus says, go out and make disciples of all nation baptize people teach people three things, three specific ideas.


Make disciples, baptize people, teach people. So those are the last things he said before he left. Like, make sure you do this. So when that's your mission, you just think about what you've gotta do to accomplish those three things. You're probably gonna have to have conversations with people. Yeah. If you're gonna make a disciple item, 'em, if you're gonna baptize 'em. If you're gonna teach 'em, you're gonna have to have some sort of conversation. And so what I find is people, if your mission in life is as, as a, as a Christian, if you're like, well I try to go to church as often as I can. I try to be a good person. Nothing in of itself wrong with that. That's not a mission. And what happens is the mission, because it comes a little self, I go to church so I can listen, so I can learn, so I can try to get through my week, you know?


And everything becomes inward. Those three things Jesus said were outward, it's out, out, out. Other people, other people, other people. Not just you, it's other people. And again, back to my father who was sitting at a bar, the guy drives up there, why? Why? He's not gonna be a member of his church. He doesn't have any money. He's a reprobate. You know, who's got a terrible reputation? What drove him to drive up there, that hour drive, walk into that bar? What drove him to do that? It was just for him. Just for that guy. Yeah. And I thought, I thought, wow, I don't know if I would, would I drive? But I'd be like, you know, but he did that.


It changed, literally changed my life. It changed my whole family's life. And if, and if that would've been it, I'm not a big prosperity guy. Like, and look what God has done. You know, look at what he gave us us. Yeah. It paid off. It didn't matter if it just changed our life and kept our family together worth it. Yeah. Nobody knows who we're at worth it. I got to see my dad and grew up with two parents worth it, you know? And you look over time as then dad took that and then never went about this for money or fame or anything. In fact, really pushed that away more than embraced it. Even when I told you the show. And he is like, no. You know?


And, and that was, that was a little different too with us. Like, we didn't go, an email was sent to us, a company came to us, the network came to us. We weren't trying to go become famous, right. And so you see a lot today, you know, people are like, I'll do whatever it takes to get famous. You know? And so there's no authenticity there. It's like, we want you to do this. Fine, I'll do it. Will I be famous? Yes. Then I'll do it. You know? Why would you wanna be famous? Why would who? Anyone? Oh, I don't know. It seems like a lot of people, I mean from social media. Yeah. People do. Yeah. People wanna be famous. What do you think of being, you are famous. What do you think of it?


It has its good parts about it. What are those? The people I've been able to meet? Yeah. I wouldn't know you if I wasn't. Yeah, well you wouldn't have invited me on this podcast had I not had a TV show. You know? So I know I ran into you in an elevator in Nashville. That's true. But you thought I was a homeless guy. I did. Yeah. You you put money in my coffee cup, Which was filled with dip spit. Anyone Who I did I spit in my cup. And you said, he looked at me And he said, did you spin your co first words? You said to me, you said, did you spin? That comment said, I did. Anyone who dips in an elevator is a potential friend of mine. That's how I feel about it. And you started doing your little maniacal laugh and you started laughing so hard.


And it was so funny 'cause of all the people I was expecting 'em to see, it wasn't you Catch you deal. I didn't expect to catch Willie Robertson dipping in an elevator. But that was it. I was, I was, I was headed to my room. I had been promoting this book and, and you happened to be there as well, which is how this all ended up. And I think, God, you know, I don't know, I think God works like that. I think he puts people together in a, you know, just seems too weird to me. Not so I think there's those opportunities that people have And they meet, and some of you take advantage of, some of you don't. Some you miss some, you're like, oh crap. You know? And yeah, but I just, I don't know. I mean, well I, I, it, he did that in the Bible, you know? Yeah. There was, there was things moving around.


And so, so it could be for that person, it could be for someone else, it could be for something completely different, you know, some situation that maybe needs to, to get out. And so, but it was interesting that I had written this book. I had decided this year I'm not jumping in this spot. Even those, it's so tempting. And everybody tried to get me to, you know, Get involved, let's Go, you know? And, and I'd really just said, no, I'm not. And I, I'm just gonna promote this book. And then, and then I meet you. And then you said, Hey, you should come on the podcast. And it was scheduled for a few months ago and I went, I'm gonna get pulled into the politics.


I was like, I said, I'm gonna get pulled into this thing. And, and then as it turned around and spun around, we still did podcasts after the election. And then, you know, and that was kind of the commitment I made. Just don't get so involved because I didn't want the mess. I don't, I don't care what I don't, I really don't care. Like if it's the gospel or some political agenda, I'm going with the gospel every time. Amen. Because this is the power. This is, you know, if we can change people's, you know, I just saw it, it, I mean it changed me, but it, like somebody like my father can change people's lives and turn them into completely different people. And so that's what I want to get to People. You know, politics Turns people into completely different people too, but rarely for the better.


Right? I mean, it, it has its place and it, you know, and I, and I'm not casting aspersions on people who, you know, want our country to be, you know, a great country and to, but we're, you know, I'm not even one that says we have, we have to, everything's gotta be like, you have to have Christians in every position. I mean, I mean No, that's okay. I mean, we can work together and figure that out. Let the gospel do what it does and let politics do what it does and let government, you know, so almost Like re under Caesar what his Caesars and Exactly. You Got, is that What you're saying?


Exactly, exactly. Where do you Get that? Yeah, because, and that's the thing ha had back to mission. So I'm into that mission, make disciples, baptize people, teach people not to, you know, I think if Jesus wanted us to just make sure your government is, he would've talked about it, right? And I said, yeah, let's lay out a plan and, and all that because it was, you know, under these governmental things that he was gonna end up being crucified anyway. So, and those things are, they're, they're of the world. I mean, they're, you know, they're here And they come And they die And they go away And they change and you know, stuff happens. And you know, I was like, if we, if that's where we end up, and I do think there's a lot of darkness for sure, but they need the gospel.


They don't need a, a better program from dc you know, and that's what'll change it. Oh, well look now families are staying together and, you know, and it's not gonna be, it's not gonna be that way. And it's gonna be when the church wakes up and decides to go out and, and have that kind of mission, you know, is to go after. But we can't hate each other. That's the problem. We can't hate each other. 'cause that's the deal, man. I can't, and I saw that so much in this one. God, I got roasted. I mean, people would get in my face and if I said the wrong, like if I said, oh, I'm not, I'm writing this book and I'm not doing as much with, and people would just be like, what this country it is, we're not gonna have a country tomorrow.


And, but what I don't like about the tiger is it's like my fault. It's like, like they're telling me it's my fault that I'm not, I'm like, how's it my fault? You know? Yeah. And that's where we got to. And then it was just bullying everywhere. Everybody's just bullying everybody. I mean, you certainly saw that with, you know, the Democrats being bullied, going, you better vote this way. You know, like, like, we're telling you what to do. And I, I'm just not good at people telling me what to do. I'm like, yeah, I know what you mean. Don't tell me what to do. Don't tell, you know, vote for, I'm going. But now it's like, no, you gotta do more. We, you know, you've gotta go out and you know, and do all this. I understand their, their passion and all that, but we've gotta let people, and some of that's the politic.


It's their job is to win the vote. You know what I'm saying? It doesn't answer the deepest questions like what happens when you die, you know? Right. It doesn't address that. So When you die. Yeah. Yeah. When, when you die. When you die. So my last question is, if I do think a lot of people are all of a sudden wondering like, is there something beyond what we can see, hear, feel, and taste? I mean, is there, you know, is there a spiritual realm? Is there a God and I I, people all around me are asking those questions. What would you recommend to them? Like how to pursue that? You, something stirs in you, you think, wow, maybe I should learn more. Right?


I mean, I find those answers in the, in the Bible and particularly in the New Testament, you know, that's where I found those answers. It comes down to the faith. Like, you've got to have this faith and you're gonna have to jump and believe something that you can't see. It's interesting how people can't do that. I remember I was talking to a guy one time, I was having one of these conversa, I don't know if this story's in the book, but there's a lot in there. And we're having this story. And he is like, I don't, I don't believe in faith. I don't, I don't see it. I don't believe it. You know, And he was, he had just got married. And I said, and we're at a, we're at a hunting camp. And I said, where's your wife right now? He's like, she's at home. And she's, I said, I bet she's with another guy.


And he said, no, she's, I, I love how you proselytize. Yeah. And he said, no, she's not. And he, And he gets, I can tell he's mad. And he's like, well, Yeah, He's been married like six months. I said, oh no, for sure. She's, she's with another guy, like, no doubt. And He goes, no, she's not. You know, what are you, what are you doing? I said, how do you know she's not? He goes, because I trust her. And I said, so you do have faith in something that you can't see? And he went, I've never thought about it that way. It was atheist. He was, he said, I'm an atheist. I don't believe in any of this stuff. And that. So it was just a small move though.


We moved him off of that position. Did, now we have moved him to, there are some things that Even those I can't see it. I have faith and I trust You. Why you more preachers not start with that? I bet your wife's sleeping with somebody else That works. Maybe they don't go to enough hunting camps. I mean, for me though, what, what else? I mean like, he's an atheist. What else? So say, okay, good luck with that. Lemme know how that works for you. You know, I mean, I'm trying to think of, Paul says in the New Testament, Paul who knew the gospel better than anybody who's a writer, And he says, pray for me that the mystery of the gospel can come out of my mouth more clearly.


He's praying that it can come out more clearly. And my question is, why? Why is he, he knows this stuff. Like he wrote that, you know, he's writing because some weren't obey it, some weren't giving it. And he is going, Hmm. So you have to keep coming at like, keep asking more questions, keep, maybe I'm not asking the right questions. I did that. There's a story in the book, A beautiful story of a guy that I just kept, I kept trying to, he, he had problems with his brain. Like he had lesions on his, I thought he was gonna die. And I was like, he's gonna die. And he, I, I don't think he's a Christian. I don't think he's a believer. And so I'm just like, Hey man, have you thought about heaven? And he would say the same thing every time to me.


Well, anyway, he who had not sinned, cast the first stone. That's what he would say it was. He was quoting a scripture and I knew what that meant. That's, that's redneck for, I don't want to hear what you gotta say. Like, yeah, I'm not interested. And I was like, Hmm. So I could have thought, well, I tried, you know, I get to heaven. I tried, remember I told you four times And every time he would just divert, divert, divert wall. And so finally we're in a car, we're in New York City working on business deal. We're talking about money. He, he's super rich guy. We're talking about money. He's over And he smoking. He's like, we're gonna make so much money. He was just like, he was just like, he was so excited about it, you know? And I look at him and I asked him, I said, how?


I said, how old are you? And he said, I'm 58 years old. And I said, I bet you're gonna be dead in 14 years. He just looks back, goes the cigarette outside. He goes, what? I said, I bet you're gonna be dead in 14 years. He goes, why would you say that? And I said, the way you live, I, you know, I said, but you're, I mean, I'm just guessing. But I said, have you ever thought about that? Like, what's gonna happen then? What happens then? I said, we just did an investment that, what are you, are you investing anything beyond here or, or is just here?


He goes, I've never thought about that before. You know what he didn't say? He who had not sinned cast the first stone. No, it's, we got past that. Yeah, you did. We finally got past that. And I was like, if we get past that. And so we get to the, we get to the hotel, we're in Manhattan. And then He goes, can you come up and tell me more about that? I said, yeah. So I go to my room, I get my Bible, I go to his room and I sit down and that's the ver I got like seven verses. It's not a lot just, and I just start reading 'em to him And he just stands up in the middle hotel round. I'll never forget it. And he yells at his wife, she's not bed. He goes, I'm getting baptized.


And I was like, man, it's midnight. We're like, we're Central Pond. Like, I don't know where I gotta go find some water here, you know? And which I was ready. I was like, we'll go find some. And I said, well, we, let's go. I guess we were in a hotel in New York City. I said, we'll, go find somewhere. And he said, no, no. I gotta tell everybody, I gotta tell everybody I know that what's fixing to happen. This is the same guy I've been working on for years. And he iss like he, you know, and now he's saying, I got, And he emailed everybody. He knows everybody. So finally, like a month later, I show up to his house, the big house. There's people everywhere. There's people from New York, people from LA Florida. People have shown up because he said, I'm getting baptized.


Come watch this. And so, so I get there and I walk up and He goes, everybody gather around. He goes, Willie, tell him what you told me about a hotel room that night. And I said, yeah, no problem, sir. Go through that. So his wife gets baptized, daughter gets baptized, he gets baptized, he says, anybody else? And they just start screaming. And that blue jeans taking their boots off just over and over and over. Just like, what's happened in the bite. You see that in the book of facts. It's like 25 people that night over that, that one, that conversation.


But I didn't stop that conversation. When You don't hear it, you just, you keep on. And plus I'm still there. Sometimes it takes 20 minutes, sometimes it takes two hours. Sometimes it takes 20 years because I don't give up on anybody. 'cause they didn't give up on dad. I would've given up on Phil a long time. God have said, forget that sucker, he needs to go to jail. You know? But that dude didn't give up. His sister didn't give up on him. That guy went up there and talked to him. And it changed my whole life. And so I never give up on anybody. You never know. You never know when that time is. And they're like, oh no, and they're ready. And they're like, so we're just really planting the seeds. I'm just planting the seeds. 'cause I'm ready. I'm, I want to, you know, make disciples.


I wanna wanna baptize people and I wanna teach people. That's what I'm doing. So everything I look at in life, where does it fall in that category? This book does, the TV show does the stuff that my kids do, the family stuff, you know, all of it can fall through there. And that's where I want it. It's way more than going to church and trying, you know, having some look and being a c way more than that. That's like an hour a week. That's not, that's nothing. Like, I'm like, you take, how about this? You take your hour, don't go to church. I want you for the other six days. Yeah. And we'll, we'll go change the world, you know? But people gotta miss, they got a miss. They got a bad idea on that. They're thinking they, isn't it just like you show up an hour? I mean, try that in your marriage. Try that with your kid. Try to see 'em an hour, you know, and see if that gets you enough to get through.


And so it's just a bigger idea and it's a bigger concept. And then when you're in that moment, when I, when I've, when you're there with people and you watch their lives change, and then you watch the fruit of that come out of it, it's a good, it's like a high, I mean, you're just like, that's what it's all about. You know? That's the kind of stuff to where you're then going, there is hope. And so I live my life based on there's hope in something beyond. If it's not, it's not. And I've hopefully lived a great life. I have great friends. I've, you know, the, my, the my faith and the principles of the Bible has probably kept me out of a lot of misery and hell and, you know, bad stuff.


And, but I'm, I'm thinking that there is, and I'm, I see evidence everywhere. I see evidence everywhere. You know, like what I mean, I just, I can see it in people's lives. I can, you know, if Jesus lives in us, the Holy Spirit lives in us. I can see it in their lives. I can, I can see this, I can see people doing this. I'm like, why would you do that? Like, why, like, there's no advantage. It's not financial advantage. Exactly. And I'm, I'm seeing 'em share and do things and sacrifice. And I I see that for each other. Yeah. For each other, for other people. And for, you know, I can see it. I can, I can feel it. Like I can at times. I feel stuff too. I feel, you know, like, it just seems like, I'm like, wow, that's a lot of, I, yeah.


I can't help but think something was going on with Trump. Like there was a lot of weird Yeah. Turn your head the right way. Do it. This, we were shooting birds today. Yeah. How close is that? Too close? I mean to, yeah, to who knows what would happen? Who knows what today would look like. You know what I'm saying? Like, who knows? So it just, I, I, you know, I'm not, I'm just saying it looked like God was doing something there. I don't, and I don't know. I don't know what it is. I don't know. You know, but that's the faith part.


I think sometimes token, we're out. I think we think our goal is to try to figure it out. Yeah. Like, we're like, we're like, we have to know. We gotta read the signs and we gotta, everybody was wanting to know like, what's gonna happen even with our country, like where will we be in 20 year? Where it's like, we want to know, but there's too many factors. Like you, you're gonna have to have faith. It's impossible. It's impossible. You can't figure that out. You gotta live. I can always look back and it makes sense. I'm like, oh, wow, that made sense. But looking forward, that's the, and if, and that's the message that I'm gonna, but somebody's been sharing this message for 2000 years. We're halfway around the globe from where it happened and still talking about it. True. They had no money. They had no fame. They weren't soldiers.


They weren't, you know, they, And they didn't even speak the same language. We're speaking a different language. We are sitting here today, halfway across the globe, and we're still talking about it. I'm still say writing books about it, living our lives on it and professing it. It just, that's a big deal. Like, I haven't seen that with anything else. Most everything else 2000 years ago, we don't even know what it's, they're gone. You know. Exactly. It's just gone. So we don't know their names. Yeah. That at all. Willie Robinson, Thank you very Much. Awesome. Thanks For listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made.


The complete library, Tucker Carlson com.