
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert Experts on Expert. Hi Monica. Hi. Hi, Aaron Weekly. Hi. We have a really fun and special episode we love and you've probably heard us talk many times about Acquired one of our favorite podcasts. They do these incredible deep dives into different companies. The history of the companies, their finances, everything. And the Super Bowl is upon us. That's right. And so I thought it was your idea.


I was about to say you had a great idea. Well, I had the idea to bring them in to do this. You did. And then they had the idea, well what about the NFL? Which, what timing? So we are going to learn the history and the finances of the NFL and it's, would you, I need you to give me a testimonial. It's so much more interesting than probably anyone would expect. Right? It's so interesting. I don't care about NFL when they suggested it. I thought that's a good idea for timing, but I don't, I'm not that I wanted the row. Sure. But you know what, it was so fantastic and I was talking about it all night at your party Acquired is hosted by Ben Gilbert and David Rosenthal. Please, If you like this check out Acquired, there is certainly a business that will entrust you.


Costco. Everyone should listen to the Costco episode and be reminded. What a beautifully run business. Ethical, very ethical, lots of integrity. And it's such a good company. And now I'm obsessed with it. I've, I've been in the Costco religion I know for years. Man. I'm late. I shot two movies in Costco. Yeah, please enjoy Ben and David. On the NFL,


we are supported by All state. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, you know, to check your sunroof first before driving through the car wash. Like you know, to put the leash on your dog first before you open the door to go for a walk. Not that I've ever made that mistake and had my dog run outside without me, or scream his name repeatedly over and over and over again until I found him. Or, you know, to check that the guy who asked you out is an arm cherry first before you agree to go on a date with him. Sage advice. Essential Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is intended for audiences in the US only. Savings vary terms. Apply. Allstate Fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


We are supported by Quince. You know, Kristen's been ordering a ton from Quince. Quince Is amazing. Yeah. And I told her I, you know, they're a sponsor and she, she couldn't believe it. Being stylish and comfortable allows you to feel your best, making you ready to tackle anything that comes your way. That's where Quince comes in. I was just in the house and our friend Anna, she had borrowed a sweater from me. It's blue and it's from Quince. It's gorgeous and it fits so well. And when she was wearing it, I was like, I want it back. Of course that's a sign of a great item. It's when you regret loaning it out. There's no better workout motivation than some new active wear Quince performance tees and tech shorts are perfect for any movement. And if your work wardrobe needs a revamp, you can't go wrong with their Mongolian cashmere sweaters, which start at just $60. They're able to offer such affordable prices by partnering directly with top factories, cutting out the cost of the middleman. Then they pass those savings onto us, indulge in affordable luxury. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for 365 day returns, plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dx to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


He's an Okay. Gentlemen, we are so tickled that you came. Yes. This is kind of a freebie for us because normally I would've had to do a ton of research and that has now fallen on both of your shoulders. So Ben and David, you guys are the hosts of Acquired. Does it get back to you how much we talk about Acquired? Yes it does. Oh Good. Good, good, good, good. Yes. We never know if we're in a vacuum or not. I know. Even my Hermes hiccups seemed to have made its way back because You liked it so much and you wanted to buy one of the old Bags.


And I stand by it. So I don't think there's anything wrong with liking Eyes. Right. Thank you. It is A truly unique thing in the world. And they make it by hand. Yeah. And it's Special. Wait, why'd you get in trouble? I was unrelatable. Ah, Too rich. I get it. When I was poor, I hated people like mine. But now I love people like mine. I don't have one. That's the whole point. I just want one. There's something interesting about what we file offensive or gratuitous and oh we don't because a piece of arc, no one's mad at Picasso's worth $150 million. They're like, well that's kind of rad. But for some reason this is very triggering for people. You're Mad at the Person who owns it. Well I think the counterintuitive thing that I didn't realize till we did the episode on them is there is this spectrum between a functional object and art.


And Hermes is somewhere along that spectrum. Whereas stuff you buy from Amazon is about the product you're buying history and brand when you're buying Hermes as much as you are the product. Yes. Well, I'll tell you, I think it was your Hermes episode that got me interested. 'cause our friend Eric, who has zero interest, he was a lawyer who quit and now he just trade stocks and he called mon. He's like, I've gotta get some Hermes stuff. No, this is how it happened. This was so funny. We were at a dinner and we both had these Goyard card case holders, me and this other person, and one was a dupe. And so he was looking at both of them and he goes, you know, the saddle stitch is the most impressive stitch. And I was like, excuse me, how do you know that?


And it was 'cause he had just listened to your episode and he got all of us totally in. Yeah, all he knows about is the stock market. He vaguely knows law and he knows peptides and he, He doesnt know who Natalie Portman Is. Soccer team owner I think. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. You've heard of her. So at any rate, it's really, really great to have you guys a little bit of background on both of you. 'cause this was a question of mine when I started listening. I was like, why is it these guys have such a deep knowledge on all these things? And then as you covered different companies, I would say that meta episode, which was phenomenal. Thank you. I was like, they had to be programmers or something for them to understand the tech as well as you guys both did. I'm sure one of you was better than the other. Ben, you have a computer science degree that makes a little more sense.


But I'm just, as I listen as a fan of the show, trying to piece together how it is you guys ended up with this podcast. So let's just start with, it really was just an endeavor for fun, right? You both have your own careers, you both have different disciplines. So Ben, kick us off with how you came to the podcast. David and I met at a Passover Seder and we sort of instantly hit it off. You know those friends where you keep thinking we should do drinks more often and you try and then it's like every two or three months. Yeah. You're like, why don't we see each other more often? Well, at one of these scheduled drinks that actually happened, I give David two pitches. One was Acquired and the other was a podcast. That was a much worse idea. Ooh. I would love to know the worst idea. Me too. It was companies that had successfully innovated more than once.


Incredibly would've been very Short. I was gonna say, I can't imagine you get a ton of episodes on that you might Run out. Okay. But you went to Ohio State. I did. Congratulations. Thank you. You guys Just win National champions. Well, I went to UGA, so I also have a national championship background. I'm just throwing that out there. You and I did a lot this. We've done. We've done So much. I see you another fisherman Now. Okay. Why did you end up at Ohio State? I Grew up in the Cleveland Akron area. I applied to nine colleges, but my entire family went to Ohio State. We were touring and we were opening different gates, walking around the horseshoe. And one was open and so my dad and I walked all the way up to the top of the south stands. We're looking out over all of campus and I'm looking out over the field and realizing I could go to a lot of games if I come here.


I think there's a specialness to being in a place like that and looking around at what your future could be. Yeah. I'm gonna keep this really brief 'cause Monaco will kill me, but just off the top of your head, what's the greatest amusement park in the history of the world? Cedar Point. Yeah, of Course. That's an easy question. You got that Right. Halfway between Cleveland and Detroit. Yeah. Sandusky, Ohio. Every time we have any guests on within the Tri-state area, we'll do 20 minutes on Cedar Point and she cannot stand It. I hate Cedar Point now. I'll never go. We should have done it on Cedar Point. Yeah, Millennium Force top thrill. Dragster Magnum. XJ two 20. The The Gemini. Oh, the demon drop. The cork screw. Oh my God. Yeah. They were just Acquired by Six Foot. That's right. You really could do an episode on them.


We actually should, You Just turned me on to defunct land, this YouTube channel. What's that Ben? You can tell it better than me, but it's like Acquired episodes of old defunct amusement parks. Oh, That's fun. This could be the first thing that got you interested in Cedar Point. If they actually did an Acquired on it. If you I would. I would look Too successful to do it all. Have you ever heard of Action Park? They just made a documentary about it. No, in New Jersey? Yes. Yes. This was the YouTube channel that popularized people looking back and being like, that was completely insane. That Action Park existed. I forget the Stat, but I just read it as well. I wanna say it's in the order of like six trips to the emergency room. A day that it was open? Nope. That Park. No, thank you. It's like a badge of honor. And I think Adventure Land, that movie is based on that. Oh, way. Yeah. The writer of that film or director at worked there at the Nuts one.


And people would go upside down and they would come up with lacerations and yeah. Okay. So you graduated with a computer science degree. Yeah. And then you end up moving to Silicon Valley, Seattle. I was going for a job at Microsoft or Google, and I had an offer from Microsoft. I made the mistake of saying, I also am waiting to hear back from Google. And they said, when are they gonna tell you? And I said, the date. And they said, we are not gonna extend your deadline. You can tell us before you hear back from Google or that's it. Oh God. That was your first lesson in negotiating. Yeah. That's a rookie mistake. So I have no idea if I would've gotten a job at Google or not. You just took Microsoft. I wanted to go to the West coast. I wanted to be in tech. I grew up in Ohio and that was my ticket. In Retrospect, do you wish you had worked at Google or No, It worked out great.


I live in Seattle. I've been there 13 years now. Great. I met David There. No Acquired, no, no. Microsoft. Okay. Now David, you go kind of a fancier route. If we could say, I don't have Any national championships. Undergrad at Princeton and then Stanford graduate school. You have an MBA and what's your undergrad degree in? French literature. Oh, You romantic son of a bitch. The long hair. That's nice. And the angular features. Yeah. Yeah. You wanna Mix. You're a babe. You must know this, right? I appreciate that. Oh yeah. What a stuff. Ben. You're hot too. I don't wanna leave you out. I grew my hair long during Covid. It didn't play as well as, Yeah, that's an enviable head of hair, so, okay. How do you end up, I always wanted to work in venture capital.


Not the easiest thing to do with a French literature degree. Just sort of randomly. I learned about the industry at Princeton actually, and I was like, I would do anything to do this. Sounds like the coolest thing in the world. I got an opportunity a couple years later to join the biggest venture firm in Seattle. I didn't know anybody in Seattle. A headhunter called me and I was like, hell yeah. I will move to Seattle. Am I not wrong? In that headquarters of venture capital is generally though Silicon Valley. Oh yeah. Yeah. Have you read Nate Silver's new book by chance? No. It's about gambling and it's about venture capitalists and it's about risk taking Freeman. Oh, Thomas Friedman? No, no. Is that No, Sam. Sam Altman Friedman? No. Sam Altman People. Sam Freeman Alman. That's two people.


Sam Alman, which is also in the book is Open ai. Sam, Sam b something. Sam Bateman free. Oh my God. Ohio State. This Is where they're going. We're gonna keep that in 'cause of you coming through. He just blew Princeton. Stanford, UCLA in Georgia outta the water. Ohio State knew it. Okay, so you end up there and you were employed in that capacity That Led to the Passover seater where Ben and I intersected. And then we were trying to recruit Ben to join us at Madrona at the firm. And then we ended up working together. And so that's how this beautiful friendship began. Wow. This is great. How many years ago was that? 10 that we started Acquired. 11 that we met. So Dave and I were just in Taiwan doing this crazy interview with Dr. Morris Chang, who started TSMC, one of the very few trillion dollar companies in the world.


Not on the west coast of the United States. Wow. The guys 93 years old. Oh my God. He was around at the beginning of Moore's law central figure in semiconductors. And we realized that we were doing that interview exactly 10 years to the day from the drinks where we decided to do Acquired. That's Awesome. Isn't it Crazy where these podcasts can take you? We're In the hotel in Taipei. You texted me. Or getting ready to go over to his office to interview. And what a way to spend our 10 year anniversary together halfway around the world. Yeah. We're interviewing you on our seven year anniversary and I feel equally, is it really? Is it? No, No. Well, it'll come out probably The 14th is our actual anniversary of the first episode out. Our first recording. I don't know. Okay. I should know this. What give you guys the idea to do this crazy thing?


Ooh, Wait, I think I know this. Please, please. If Wikipedia is accurate, you wanted the opportunity for people to experience what an AA meeting is without necessarily having to become an alcoholic. Pretty much. Yeah. Could we do in public what happens in an AA meeting? There's a lot of explanations. Yeah. They're all kind of true. Yeah. And there's not one, but probably more accurately is Serial the podcast? Mm. Because Monica and I were both consuming it at the time. Monica was babysitting and we would fight for hours in the kitchen about whether Adnan was guilty or not. I'm like, you're not a dude, dude. You don't understand. Dudes do fucking weird. You're That's not, it's not shocking. You know, we would fight nonstop. So we had a hobby of arguing with one another, which Turned into arguing about just everything.


And We thought that's a good engine for a show. Yes. Good G Grist for the mill. They're gonna know a lot of venture capital We're gonna write or For the mill. Yeah, sure. Well I love it. Good g grist for the mill cereal Paved the way for this whole industry. Okay, so you guys start doing it and it's just for fun, right? You don't have any aspirations. I can't imagine. Nor did we that it would be a business. And at this point it's also a nice business that you guys have. I'm imagining It's our whole thing now. Oh, you're Completely retired from all that. We are Full-time podcasters. We do some investing as part of Acquired our previous careers. We have sunset. What Year did you guys make that decision and did you guys get together and be like, I think I'm ready. We did it different times actually. Yeah. David did it three, four years ago, Five years ago. And Ben, you last Year, how Does it feel?


Right. That's a good answer. We're entrepreneurs who took the least risk out of any founders I've ever worked with? Well, we're doing a different thing. Yeah. But by the time I went full-time on it, it was an extremely good business. Very established in the world. It's not like I plopped down my life savings. We Accidentally built it on the side. Yes. I'm not qualified to say this, but I do think you're a little bit inoculated from both a plateau and a decline because the folks that are already drawn to it, for me it's like this American life. I'm never gonna not be interested in it. It's not a pop culture phenomenon. You didn't have a guest on who talked about some sexual escapade with someone and that, you know, I think you have such a solid foundation of a listenership that will only grow as people like us talk nonstop about it. Thank you for doing it.


In Any given month, a third of all consumption of Acquired is episodes older than six months. I believe that for sure. 'cause you get brought in for a certain topic you're interested in and you go, oh, I gotta listen to every single one of these. You start shopping as I did. Exactly. Okay. So because the Super Bowl is upon us, it was Monica's brilliant idea that what if we could do kind of a mini Acquired episode about the NFL. Oh no, I'm not gonna take credit for that. It was my idea to bring them in to do an episode for us. And then they brilliantly came up with that. Oh, It sounded too smart to be honest for you. How, how did, yeah, did. Thank you. It really did. It always was a little suspicious. No, We workshopped six or seven different ideas we Did before. Of course. I threw out the row.


Lemme Guess. Taylor Swift's car collection. This candle company. I can't get the candle of. Yeah. Is Taylor Swift a car collector? No, no, No, no, no. But you know they have a great episode on Taylor Swift. I know that. That's why I had the throwing car collector. 'cause they already did Taylor Swift. Oh, I, and it didn't make any sense. That's I was been Revealed. This is something we didn't find. I bet she has a collection of SUVs she gets driven in, is my guess. That's probably right as she should. So What a great time to learn all about the NFL. It'll be very fun for us. And we're very appreciative to let you walk us through the history of it and the economics of it. I was wondering If you were actually gonna do this or not. I had this feeling, it's not actually gonna get handed over to us to do, or like prepare the script as if it's like, okay, we're ready for an Acquired episode.


But I was very ready to throw this away and be like, oh, we're just doing arm. We will be interjecting because we can't help ourselves. It's Like a live studio audience for an Acquired episode. Yeah. I looked at the transcript the first time we did the NFL episode four years ago. It's 40,000 words. Who David started the version to send to you, which I think is three or four pages. But as obvious to me is each bullet point is like the Browns win for a decade ruining the thing. You're not gonna say that sentence. We're not gonna hear more about that. This is a very concise bullet pointed outline. So our recording day typically is an eight to 10 hour day. People say like, why don't you split it over multiple days. But you probably know this, you lose the thread in your head. Of course. Yeah. And your voices sound different. So That eight to 10 hour day turns into a three to four hour episode when we cut.


'cause we sort of produce for each other too. I'll be at home in Seattle. David's at home in San Francisco and we're both saying like, do that again, but shorter. Oh nice. Do that again, but punch up this part. That part's actually not very interesting. You're Co-piloting one another. You guys probably have little ego that if you're able to take that from one another, We have a large trust with one. That's Lovely. And we've had good hard conversations. Okay, so the NFL. Yeah. L. Here we go. Football is by far America's favorite sport. The Super Bowl is watched by over a hundred million viewers every year in approximately two thirds of America's household. My favorite Super Bowl sta is that the weekend with the fewest weddings per year happens on the Super Bowl weekend. You know Seth Green?


He's a geek. Admittedly he loves the Super Bowl because he goes to Six Flags. 'cause nobody's there. He's like, he is basically like Out the Place Sunday afternoons when in Seattle there's a Seahawks game. It's actually a great time to go to Costco. Oh Yeah. Another fantastic episode of yours that really turned me on to Costco. That's my favorite company. My Favorite company too Now. Yeah. I've shot two movies inside of Costco and I loved it. One was just nights for six weeks. I had a bicycle. I rode around what movies employee of the month. I had a little notebook in the back of my pocket and I would find items I wanted when I got home. And I just accumulated this list of WA Awesome. For six weeks. Awesome. Well, my favorite thing in your deck was of the hundred most viewed broadcasts of the entire year, 72 of them were NFL football games.


Holy Shit. And in previous years it's been higher. It's been closer to 82 to 85 last year. 'cause of the election, there was things that people watched en masse. But basically America watches NFL games, college football games, the Thanksgiving parade and presidential debates. And other than that, nothing Cracks. I Mean, kind of the punchline of this episode is the NFL props up the media industry accepting the streamers, which that's a whole nother conversation. Yeah. Like the economics of that. But linear television would be deader than a doornail at this point. And probably all the other conglomerated media companies. Again, except for the streaming part of it. There's nothing else that people watch on TV anymore.


Yeah, Yeah. And it has the most coveted audience, which is they're watching it live and they're gonna sit through the commercials. Exactly. So Award shows are not making the list there. Oh, Award shows do that is one of the 20 that are not the sell. Got it. Interesting. Also interesting. ESPN was responsible for some enormous percentage overall of Disney as a corporation. Historically, every year it's a little bit worse. It's getting eroded. But there were moments right where that was just the crown jewel in this thing with all the IP Sports really in America means the NFL. It's not baseball anymore. Basketball's a complicated thing. But it's basically just the NFL. The Fact that the NFL is the thing that America watches is extremely intentional and has been finely tuned every year for a hundred years.


Really? World War ii, the NFL more than anybody else. The teams and the players are different. Okay. But the NFL is a collective embrace. This is a entertainment product and we need to put the best entertainment product on the field. But really on the television screens of America, It is the most incredibly produced content you see. I mean the 17 camera production, the whole director, producer, you kind of forget that it's a show while you're watching it. I don't Think of it like that. My 10-year-old was watching the Lion Game with me a few weeks ago, and she goes, how did they know that was gonna be the score? And I go, what do you mean? She's talking about the graphic. There's this incredible graphic package that happens instantaneously. And she naturally is assuming, well, someone would have to design that a day or two ago.


And I go, no hun. Isn't that incredible that they have these real time graphic packages that just emerge? We take all this for granted. The NFL invented that. That didn't exist before. Wow. Pete Rosell and then the NFL collectively realized that television is this incredibly powerful thing. There's basically two chapters to the rise of the NFL. There's riding the television wave, and then there's riding the fantasy and betting wave. Ooh. One sort of tapers off right as the other one picks up. So it's this classic stacking S-curves in business parlance. Interesting. So when does it invented and when does the NFL form? Yeah, Let's get back to Acquired. Take us To Princeton. Okay. Princeton was gonna be relevant here. So American football was invented, quote unquote.


I think it was 1868 between Rutgers and Princeton. 69. Ah. It was Close. But football really until World War II was a college thing. It got very popular around the turn of the 20th century. But it was like an elite Ivy League. This was where the future government and military leaders of America proved their medal was on the grid iron of college football. It was amateur. It was sacred to the extent professional football existed at all. It was like a dirty thing And shameful that people would be paid Yeah. To do it. It was profaning, this sacred American elite Collegiate rite of passage for young men. Oh wow. And in fact, the formation of the NCAA happened because the game was super violent.


There was no padding. Many, many deaths. Lots of college men died playing this game From head injury Before leather helmets. And there was a thing called the wedge formation. There's no Forward pass. So this was basically rugby. Oh, interesting. Okay. And people would try to just line up behind one person and all pile on. It was like the extreme push. And Nobody was wearing helmets. It was the touch push. Without helmets, they would Just make one human. The vanguard Of the spear. Exactly. And people were getting trampled. Can't remember When 11 players was standardized. But for a long time it was like the student body, anybody who wanted to show up in play. So President Teddy Roosevelt, this was in 1911. I think his son was at Harvard. 1905. Oh, I keep, can I Real time.


It's funny. His son was at Harvard, got seriously injured playing football. And so he called all the Ivy League presidents together and was like, y'all need to fix this. We can't have all these serious injuries and deaths among our country's best and brightest here. In response, the Ivy League presidents instituted the ncaa. So it was Kind of organized around safety initially. Yeah. By the president of the United States. Wow. Which is wild. Yeah. That made the game safer. They started introducing some padding. That's when they introduced the forward pass Neutral zone. Wedge formation gets banned. It starts to resemble football like we know it today. Was it hard to get this done? 'cause I'm thinking about now, people are talking now about trying to put more restrictions on some of these things because of CTE.


Obviously that had to come up. I Couldn't wait. I'm proud You waited that long to Say CTEI bring it up a Lot. Oh, Debbie Downer. Here I am conflicted watching football. 'cause it's one of the most entertaining things in the world to watch. Amazing storylines, ways to communicate with your family, your reasons to get community together. And it's extremely dangerous. And the NFL knew it for a long time. Right. It's just weird to hear that they all came together and they were like, yes, let's do this, this. And they were able to do it. And now that feels impossible. But Monte, it was in the wake of many, many deaths. There are many, many deaths. It was a Different time. Instant deaths. Not like 30 years later. I know. I would even argue if we had watched two dozen NFL players drop dead. Remember when DeMar Hamlin a couple years ago when He laid there? Yeah. Very scary. That was a really profound moment I think.


Yeah. You could also make a case that they were even less safety oriented. Maybe a bunch of people died already. And keep in mind, there's no money on the line at this point in history. Right. That's the big difference. Good point. We're not even talking to Ohio State, Michigan here. This is an institution of the elite. It's almost Like cosplaying European. It's the Ivy Leagues trying to be as cool as the English colleges they were trying To emulate. Yeah. In the lady 10 hundreds America still had this little brother syndrome. Yeah. To England. It's a shame. Ben's taken. I talk about little brother syndrome. Oh really? Little brother energy. I'm a little brother. I'm done. Okay. Seems like it. But you Can be a little brother and not have energy. It's very specific. But yes.


This is what it sounds like America is doing. Yes. So That's the origin of football. The NFL started in bank, in fact chicken here. 1920 came in Ohio. In Ohio. Jordan and H automobile. Hupmobile showroom. First of all, it was called the American Professional Football Conference. Oh wow. Has a nice ring to it. The American Professional Football Contest. A FLI think you could probably say thinly veiled marketing attempt for mostly automobile dealerships. Yep. And it was these individual local teams in small markets that were until the A PFC. A PFC. I messed that up Then. NFL. It was not an organized league. People would start their own team, call around and say, anybody else wanna play some games against us? And maybe some people could come watch.


It was very loosely organized. And the local Car dealership will sponsor the whole thing. Exactly. Yeah. In fact, the Chicago Bears Where the Decatur Staleys. Yes. Because it was in Decatur, Illinois. The Staley what company? Staley Steel. No, but it has a ring to it. Yeah. Daily. Dan, they should have done that if they Yeah. Corn starch. Corn starch corn. Wow. This is why you have a Producer. Yeah, he real times. It's nice. Yeah. Yeah. We're like flashing forward a little bit to the Decatur Staleys. But this idea that you couldn't really in good conscience have a proper professional football team. It had to be Oh, we all work at the same company. Like a company softball team. Yeah. So there's a Canton team, there's the Columbus Panhandles, there's the Akron Pros. This is the original.


Yeah. Yeah. This grew into The NFL teams. So there's 14 teams. Teams sort of came and went. There's some great infographics on this. The modern teams have sort of been there for a long time. The early ones are a complete mess of like this team was in one year, but not that year. Constantly cycling through. And so there's a few of these original A PFC teams that survived the Bears, the Cardinals and the Packers. The Packers The only legacy of this era. Like why is there an NFL team in Green Bay Packers? Was that a nod to meat packing? Why was it the Packers? Do we know? Can we get a real time fact check? The Indian packing company. Meat Packaging. Meat packaging. Okay. I assume it was probably like the staleys, like whatever the company was that was sponsoring And the other reason they needed a sponsor was because it didn't make any money.


Right. And so everyone was doing it sort of for the love of the game. I think they're paying players already, but at the very least, well they're Employees of the company. Right. There's operational stuff to do to market the team and to get people to come to the game. And so every single team is loss making. And do we have any sense of what the attendance was of these? Are they playing in high school stadiums? Are they playing in college venues? I think in this time it was sub 10,000 maybe sub 5,000. Right. So This is day of play till World War ii. Nobody has ambitions. There's no vision of the NFL as we know it today. So 38 years of That 1920 was when the Oh, 19, 20. Okay. So 25 years. Okay, great. Then World War II happens. And that leads to a couple things.


One, the whole west coast of America happens. Television, small Market teams can't really survive because there's so many people that are going to fight in the war. This is when the Staleys moved to Chicago. The Cleveland Rams would eventually move to LA in World War ii. The Steelers and the Eagles actually combined to form the Stegel. Oh yeah. Because they could not field the full roster. It's kind of amazing. They eventually decoupled and went back to their original teams. Yes. So Then post where all these GIS come back, they want an entertainment product. Importantly though, these gis are not Ivy League educated people. They have no affiliation. They have no reverence for this sacred institution of the elite of the past. Profaning the college game means nothing to them.


Yeah. I'll Add the end of World War II is the birth of the Hell's Angels. You also have a lot of young men who are now bored out of their fucking mind. Yeah. Even before everything the NFL has done to make it in entertainment products. And you just go see a high school football game. It's entertaining. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. So after the war, an upstart rival league to the NFL get started. And that's the A FC Event. All American Football Conference. Yeah. And the centerpiece of that is Paul Brown. Folks may know that name. The legacy of the Browns, The founder of the Cleveland Browns. I didn't. And I've always wondered why a team would be named the Browns. So finally that's answer. It's a great color. Iss A great color, but also it does have poop connotations. The Browns.


Yeah, it does. But now we know it's a human name. Yeah. It's not the first thing. I would probably pick blank slate. I prefer Stegel To add even more confusion to this. He would go on later in his career to coach the Bengals and the Bengals stadium was named after him. So Paul Brown Stadium is in Cincinnati, not Cleveland. Oh weird. Oh wow. And what was his background? He's, I imagine a business owner got some money. He's A football coach. Oh, okay. He's like the first modern football coach. So he coached the Massillon Tigers High school Football, eventually goes to Ohio State and then Navy, right? Yes. He's Ohio State's football coach. And he's the first one who is deciding let's watch game film and let's get everyone in a room and let's be analytical.


Let's have a full-time built out coaching staff. Yes. Oh wow. We need a quarterback coach. We need a A defensive coordinator. We need an offensive coordinator. We need to employ these people year round because we need to do recruiting. We need to to plan in the off season. He Gave the players written tests. We all know. Now it's like, oh, football's a physical game, but it's also a mental game. Nobody was honing that. Which is arguably the more difficult part of the game. Oh god. Yeah. And he's pioneering the earliest stats. You talked to football obsessed people now and there's 30 different stat lines that they can quote you other than the score and their down conversions or a few primitive stats. They didn't really exist pre Paul Brown. And he's the one coming up with what are the metrics that we care about to do better in each game. Do you think he Is just observing baseball and recognizing the power of them having kept all these stats?


Well That's the other part of the background here is baseball was the national pastime. It's not like professional sports writ large weren't big. It's like no professional sports was baseball. Right? That's right. Right. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by better help. We often hear about the red flags we should avoid. But what if we focus more on looking for green flags in friends and partners? What I've said in the past where it's like it's better to bond over the love of a band with somebody than the hatred of something. Yeah. Yeah. Look for the positive positivity. Whether you're dating, married, building a friendship, or just working on yourself, it's time to form relationships that love you back. And if you're not sure what green flags you should look for, therapy can help you identify them, actively practice finding them, and even help you bring that green flag energy into your relationship with yourself. Better Help is fully online, which helps make therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide. Access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Discover your relationship Green Flags with better help. Visit better help.com/dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE lp.com/dax.


We are supported by Squarespace. Maybe you've got dreams of turning your hobby into a side hustle this year, or finally opening an online store. Maybe you wanna share your knowledge with the world and make an online course. Squarespace is the perfect partner to take your website to the next level and help you accomplish your 2025 goals. No matter what type of site you want to build, Squarespace can help you make it. If you're starting an online store, Squarespace makes checkout seamless. Their flexible payment options, including credit cards, PayPal and Apple Paying, make it easy for your customers to check out. And Squarespace has all the tools you need to create and sell your own online course. Start with a layout that fits your brand. Upload videos and customize everything with next generation editing technology. Create engaging lessons your audience will love. Then add a paywall and set the price. Take what you know and turn it into income. We use Squarespace to make our lovely website. It's incredible and it functions. It's pretty, it's effective, it's efficient, And highly functional. Yes. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial and when you're ready to get started, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dax to get started today.


We are supported by SKIMS. You know, I was just in my SKIMS tank top last night taking a little snooze. Wasn't it so cozy? Everything is so soft and so comfortable and so cute. You know, I have a bunch of their products I've I've Acquired over the years and I love them all, all for different occasions. The bras are really something special because it's really hard to find a good comfortable bra that's also chic and they have a really good one. The fits everybody t-shirt, bra. It really does fit everybody. I have gifted this and big hit. It's a big hit And I wear the tank tops when I go to sleep. I couldn't be happier. Shop SKIMS, best intimates including the fits everybody collection and more at SKIMS dot com and skim stores. After you place your order, be sure to let them know we sent you select podcasts in the survey and select our show in the dropdown menu that follows. And if you're looking for the perfect gift for your Valentine or for yourself, SKIMS just launched their best Valentine's shop ever available in sizes for women, men, kids, and even pets.


So the NFL is resting on their laurels. They're kind of the only big football league. And all the little ones that were the barnstorming teams have kind of fallen by the wayside. And there's major market cities that are NFL teams now. But they're classically not seeking to innovate. They're like, this is good enough. There's Some interesting parallels here with wrestling, Very much like wrestling, You know, all these regional divisions, they chopped up. Exactly. They would TV rides. And McMahon was smart enough to start trying to accumulate. This is where the McMahon character start to emerge. And Paul Brown, he goes and fights in the war. And then when he comes back, he was well known enough as a college coach, I think particularly from his time at Navy, that a group of entrepreneurs that said like, oh we should make another professional football league in major markets all across the country.


Take advantage of television. And our marquee thing is we're gonna sign Paul Brown. Our product's gonna be significantly better. Yes. 'cause this person is in Innovat And they were so confident there was already a Cleveland team. The Rams. Yeah, the Rams, the Cleveland Rams. So the Rams are now same team Rams. Now the LA Rams, they Start with the new league. They have a Cleveland team for that league too. That's how confident they are that Paul Brown is like a big deal. Whoa. They're like, that's great. You already have the Rams. The N-F-L-A-A-F-C is going to have the Cleveland Browns. They build this league. But they haven't discovered all the stuff that we talked about about making the NFLA show and keeping it really competitive and trying to make sure that the best teams play the best teams and the worst teams play the worst teams. So what happens is Paul Brown goes 47 and four oh over the first four seasons of the A wins All four championships, loses four games in four years.


Well, is he just saying, I wanna play this team now? He's just so much better. He's So Advanced. So they blow the Rams outta the water in Cleveland. They're getting 10 x the attendance and the money's all in the ticket sales. TV's not a big thing yet. Right. The Rams in Cleveland, they're like, we just gotta get outta here. That's when they moved to la They Get run out of town. Yeah. But LA is all these gis coming back from the war. It's the beginning of the television industry. It's automobile, Glitz, glamor, people that understand marketing. Meanwhile, the A A FC is actually a failure because it's not interesting to just watch the Browns run the table over and over Again. So the Browns sell out all their home games. No other games make any money. The Browns go on the road. Sure. Some people wanna come see Paul Brown, but like they don't wanna see their team get decimated.


Yeah. And then the other teams aren't that good. So the league actually folds 1950. They had only played four seasons. The Browns 49 ERs and Colts joined the NFL. There's now two Cleveland teams. That's a big problem. And the San Francisco 49 ERs are sort of established. There's now this real West coast Presence For the NFL. And it's funny that it wasn't even as if there was a merger or some consideration. Yeah. The NL got lucky. Yes. That's nuts. They got to basically buy a company in bankruptcy. Yeah. Right? Yeah. The A FC had no better option. I keep Going back to, we had Kate Maron, she and her sister, Rooney Mara, they are the grandchildren of the Steelers owner. I Had no idea. And The Giants owner, my assumption is they grew up incredibly wealthy and she's like, yeah, we were obviously had a lot of money, but you have to understand my grandparents.


I'm like, yeah, where'd they get the money to buy a team? And she's like, it didn't cost anything. Both of them were bookies. Wow. So back in the day, If you were just like a wheeler dealer bookie, you could own a buy a team. Which goes to say, and that was gonna be one of my questions when the entire income of the endeavor is just the live audience tickets. I can't imagine they were terribly profitable If you were the Browns and you were selling 60, 70,000 tickets. They Weren't that big yet. The First Browns game sold 60,000. So I don't know if every game was, but they were crushing it. And were they playing 12 games a year? I don't know. There were eight teams in the league. Maybe they played each other twice. So that would've been 14 games, I guess. Okay. So I mean, you got an arena, you got a staff, you got a lot of players.


So Some money but not Some money. I just can't imagine anyone at that point owning the team because they have any sense it'll be worth billions of dollars or that it's some cash cow. That's still the case at this point in time. I think many of the entrepreneurs who started those A FC teams did it 'cause they wanted a professional football team. Some of them probably saw television. This might be a way to make some real money Here. Yeah. And I don't want to jump ahead or behind, but I feel like this would be a good time for me to learn what the actual arrangement is between the NFL and the teams. They're owned by individuals. They join this league. What does that mean to join the league? So until a couple years ago, the NFL was a nonprofit organization.


It then switched, but it doesn't matter. It's a thin layer on top of the teams. It's not like the commissioner is the boss of the teams. No, he's an employee. The commissioner works for the owners. So the league exists at the Pleasure of the owners. Exactly. The real power is the 32 team owners. Okay. The NFL is this agreement that they've created with each other that governs how the game is played. And then they hire the commissioner to represent their interests. But What really matters is, I don't think it's a democracy. I was gonna say what the majority of the owners want, what the most powerful owners think is good for the sport. Those Early years of the NFL. My assumption then would be that they are just given a budget that they're gonna operate at net zero from these team owners.


It's not like that organization itself is going to try to generate money And it still doesn't. It gets distributed out to the teams. Well, How's Goodell have a 70 million a year contract? He's paid by by The team owners. The top Level NFL entity, its mission is not to aggregate profits. Let's flash forward to today. Yeah. Why is the NFL so freaking awesome? On average, 70% of all the revenue for each team comes centralized from the league. The bulk of that is the television deals. Ah. So the NFL uniquely, and this is what we're gonna get into centralizes and collectivize, is the television. When you watch football and you're watching it on Fox or you're watching Monday Night Football on A B, C or YouTube tv, any streaming network, all 32 teams collectively as the NFL, do those deals and then share that money out to each team.


Yeah. It's not like the Rams are striking their own tv. Right. Exactly. With anybody Until recently with the NBA has now moved to the NFL model baseball. Like the Yankees have their own broadcast network, all the other sports, it's all each team for themselves. And that's what the early NFL was too, is the key. You asked this the perfect point in history. 'cause 1960, the appointment of Pete Rosell as commissioner is what changes everything. What they Learned from the Browns is it actually fricking sucks for the product on the field. When one team has more resources and gets this positive cycle and wins everything. I mean, it's almost a miracle this would've ever been agreed to because clearly there are people that were in huge markets that had teams, they could have taken the lion's share of all TV revenue and they're gonna have to presumably make a little less to give these bozo teams some money.


It's like actors negotiating together. Yeah, I was just about to say it's like the friends deal. Yes. Yes. They're like, we're going it all together, which Rarely Works. And If you actually link arms and you actually hold arms, which almost never happens, at least for a long time, it starts that way. And then fracturing People start. Exactly. People start saying, well, I'm The guy who does this is Pete Elle. The Rams get run outta town of Cleveland by the Browns. They land here in la. Pete Rll, he's A PR intern. PR intern, Compton College alumnus. Oh wow. Joins the Rams when they come to LA as a intern doing PR and media relations, which meant like newspaper Relations. And he's doing stuff like realizing newspapers aren't gonna write stories about the teams because no one cares about his league.


Baseball's still the dominant sport. And so he's hiring writers. Well, He does it himself at first. He's like, I'm gonna write the stories for you And just give 'em to the journalists. I'm just Gonna give 'em to you. He's trying to get it in the spotlight. He rises through the ranks here at the Rams, becomes GM of the Rams. And then ultimately at age 33 gets elected commissioner of the NFL, which Also only happens 'cause of a weird standstill. The Existing commissioner died unexpectedly. And there's these factions of owners. This faction has their guy, this faction has their guy. They can't agree. It Is like the beginning of our country. Yes, Totally. Pete Rozelle is the least disagreeable candidate. The Analogy is perfect. It's like the founding of America. You got all these states Yes. That have their own interests. And then there's this pressure from the outside, from Greek Britain.


And then they got a band together. And Then even Washington, he was the only guy who wasn't outspoken. He said the least. I kind of trust him. Yes. That's exactly what happened. And he turns out to be exactly what the league needed at this point in time. A young person who saw the future, who got tv, who got entertainment comes from la. He's able to make an argument to all these old school owners. We've seen what happens when one team gets too dominant. We need to put all sorts of checks and balances in place to ensure the best product on the field, which means competitive parody. The phrase any given Sunday, you guys probably know this, there's of course I know, but I don't know what it means neither. This is the origin. Oh. And Then any given Sunday, that team could win anything could happen. Any team could be any other team. The NFL's dream is for every team to go eat Nate.


Right. And there's so many things they do to make this happen behind the scenes. Again, it's amazing they got the dominant teams to go along with this strategy. Totally. It's like seems impossible. So just like last time, the NFL without a competitive force couldn't actually come to the conclusion that you're stuck on Dax. There's another new upstart called the A FL, which spoiler alert becomes the A FC. It becomes a conference within the NFL. Yes. When they eventually merge, they sign one collective TV deal as their way of coming on the scene. Oh. With A B, C. Which again, they're in a very vulnerable situation where they probably only have any appeal.


If they're all one thing, they're probably doing it out of desperation originally. And they need money to sign players. So they go to A, B, CN, BC and CBS. They're the legacy came out of the radio era. A BC was a new television network. Oh. And the A FL has eight teams. They secure a five year, eight and a half million dollar deal that is league-wide with the profits from the deal shared equally. And they do that deal with Roone Arledge. So Roone Arledge built a B, C sports things like Wide World of Sports. Oh sure. If you guys remember that. That was all him. Yeah, he was Bob. He was Bob I Bob's mentor Bob. No way. Bob Iger came up under Roone Arledge at a BC.


Oh wow. Oh interesting. And then took over Cap Cities, the Disney merger. So he's A visionary. No Ro Arledge? No Bob Iger. Wow. No Frozen. Ah, Don't even say that here. But so this was Ru Knowledge's big career defining thing was signing this deal in national football and NFL has already been televised on those other networks at this point. One off local deals. So the owner is going to the local affiliate and saying, Yeah, Detroit WKBD. Exactly. Yeah. So the Giants had like a great deal in New York. I think they're making a couple hundred thousand dollars a year in TV money. There was just theirs. And so this is the bargaining chip that Relle needs to then go to the owners and say, look, if we don't do the same thing, they're gonna smoke us.


This is the right strategy because it will ensure that all of the teams are doing well so they can be the most competitive and the most entertaining. And we're Now starting to talk about real money from this too. Like eight and a half million dollars in 1960 Ish. That seems like an unsellable proposition. Oh, Well Depending on who. It's so impressive that they did it. It's just like the old adage we hear all the time, the rising tide lifts all boats. It's real Like people buy. It is. But I imagine the delta between some of these franchises, I'm sure some teams were like eight x Green Bay Packers are still in the league. They're not making any Money. Right. Right, exactly. It's like Costco. It's making me feel Costco feelings. I want a shirt that says Costco Feelings. Exactly. We can make that happen.


It just seems interesting too that a guy that it seems like maybe was allowed to take on this position because he wasn't overtly charismatic and powerful, somehow is secretly quite visionary. Pete Relle was like the kink of soft power. You look up soft power in the dictionary. It should have his photo there. I love Soft power. It's so much more interesting than I was expecting, to be honest. It always is. I thought it just would like the money 'cause I'm a greedy pig. But that's absolutely fascinating. That Is kind of the only way that these things get to exist in our world. Nothing started as big money. And most of the things that try to start in a big money way don't end up becoming successful. They don't build that grassroots, durable, passionate following and they don't follow an organic path to building something great.


Look at the birth of your show. It's not like you launched on some big network that promoted the hell out of it. You made something that for that moment in time, people really, really wanted it and craved it. All these stories, the Costco, the Starbucks, the NFL, they always start sort of an obscurity. Yeah, yeah. With these passionate visionaries who are trying to will the future into existence. And big money is true too. I think that eight and a half million dollars deal that the A FL had done, the Jets signed Joe Namath And the Jets are the A FL. He was the first athlete celebrity in the original episode. You were like, I know him. 'cause he was on the Brady Bunch. Yeah. Yeah. Well I watched the Brady Bunch episode to prep for this show. But yeah, he like comes on and throws a football in the backyard, but he's like stylish and he's photographed at clubs in New York City.


Oh yeah. Interesting. He was killing it. Well, because of tv he's getting broadcast all across the country. The country's falling in love with Joe Namath. So that's what's forcing the NFL. The owners were kicking their feet all along, but they're like all, well you didn't have a million dollars. It's a boatload of money. And look at the publicity that Broadway Joe is bringing to our rival league here. When you think All American, he was born to be on a wheat bar. Yeah. First celebrity athlete. That's wild. Well, Football, I don't know. It might be outta my depth here, but I think it'd be like if Bob Dylan played football. Wow. I have to imagine throughout this story we're also getting some kind of transition in who's playing the game. Whereas it was people who went to elite colleges and learned this thing.


I imagine it's getting more and more democratized as we're going along. And I imagine the racial makeup of these leagues Oh, is transitioning. There's some dark stuff in the NFL history. They were segregated. Nobody except white people allowed for most of the thirties. Interestingly, not in the beginning. In the beginning anybody could play. But then it's actually the Redskins, it was the Washington team. They had a big southern fan base. There was some racism at the highest levels of the Redskins. I'm So shocked that the team named the Redskins His Right, right, right. No settle. Believe you. It's on brand. And from the monetary perspective, they were incentivized not to change. I think they were the southern most NFL team. Yeah. Yeah. They had a black player. There would've been people protesting. It Was the LA Coliseum where the Rams played in LA when they moved out here said, we won't let any organization, because it's a public facility, apply their trade here, run business here if there are segregated teams that are visiting.


So that's what forced integration. That's go la Boy, it's interesting how many different forces can work on one thing. How dynamic that is. Yeah. That oh, they're gonna play in a publicly held facility. And there is the leverage by which that could be proclaimed otherwise not. But Yeah. To your point though, about blacks coming into the league, that's actually good for business too. Yes. You know, you got Jim Brown and the makeup of the league is totally changing at this point. Name The list of famous players and it's some of the most loved J Simpson. Well, Sure for a minute. Well, for more than a minute. I mean, I think mostly we know the quarterbacks and then outside of that we don't know many white players. But OJ wasn't black. He was oj. That's Right. According to him. Did you watch the Documentary? Yeah. Yo, that was so good. Okay, so a FL, how do they absorb them?


Do you guys know Al Davis owner, GM and head coach of the Raiders for many years? No. Oh, he's such a gangster. Oh, I dunno if it still carries. Anyway, but they were like the pirates f the law type attitude. That was Al Davis. Oh, That's interesting. 'cause that's caries to this day. If you want bet on someone getting knife in a parking lot, there's only one bet to make's. So Raiders came, that's gonna be Obvious. Totally. So it starts with the, the original owner. But The original owner, they were in the A FL. It was clear that the A FL wasn't going away. They had this big TV deal. Then the NFL got their TV deals with CBS and NBC. Interestingly, the CBS deal, the NFL is granted an antitrust exemption. I think that JFK signed into law because what you had is all these teams with their individual TV deals, and then they get together, they collude and they say, we're gonna sign one TV deal.


And if you're the TV networks, you're like, what the hell? Where's the competition? This is illegal. But JFK deemed it in the good of the nation to have this. This is also back to Rosell and soft power. He cultivated the Kennedys relationship. He put a lot of effort into Wow, having the NFL in communities, being broadcast on tv, being a rallying force. Loved that. And so they passed an exemption. So there's a federal exemption to antitrust for the NFL from 1961 in order to sign the 1961 CBS TV deal. And I'd imagine that has some collateral impact. And I'm confused. I don't know which leagues do this, but I think most people, just knowing you don't get to pick where you go is already an interesting thing.


Contractually. Right. If you're a player that gets drafted, I think it's part of the collective bargaining with the players association. It's essentially a unionized trade. It's still interesting. Contractually. It's totally interesting. The trade is, it's a good enough deal for us to get some stuff in return that Yeah. We're open to being relocated. And it's not really up to us. Back to the Paul Brown era. It sucks when one team wins everything. There are two things that the NFL didn't response. One was the draft. So still to this day, If you have the worst record in the league, you're getting the first draft. Pick that reverse order that was and it's direct Response. And because of that, to keep a competition. Yes. To keep the competition going. Wow. The other thing they do that still exists to this day that very, very few people know is they Jimmy, the schedule used to be explicit. I'm now implicit goal is that every team should be 500 at the midway point in the season.


So the first half of the schedule, bad teams play bad teams and good teams play good teams. That's Orchestrated. So the lions are gonna have a really tough first half of the year schedule. Interesting. I didn't know that part. Yeah. Most audience has no idea. That's not The same with college. No, that's exactly where I was gonna go with this. It's fascinating watching this whole playoff system and transfer portal and all these sort of NFL like things that they're putting into place. Yeah. Because this is not a goal of collegiate football at all. The goal is for the really good teams have a schedule that lets you win out. Play just enough hard teams in your conference for people to take you seriously. And then historically have the big bowl game where you're put on a national stage against another good team. But if you're a fan of a good team like Ohio State, you sort of expect them to go undefeated or near undefeated.


It's like the browns of old Wow. Yes, You're right. And it is near impossible for an NFL team to get a perfect season. It's Happened once. It just, Brady. Did Brady have a perfect season? Dan Marino had a perfect season with The, he's my Taylor. So If you shouldn't even bring him up, I'm because I'm sorry. I'll not be able to get off Of him. Oh, you got him on the show? I have. Yeah. Yeah. When you're rooting for Tom Brady, you don't give a fuck how far you're down. It doesn't mean anything. You go to that fourth quarter, like down three touches and you're not even worried. The Patriots almost did it, but lost the Super Bowl. There You Go. Ah, there it's, I knew even Tom Brady can't have a perfect season. Yeah. God, it's heartbreaking. That's so poetic that the season they went undefeated in the regular season. They lost in the Super Bowl.


Yes, I know. Yes. See the NFL storylines, they're so good. Yeah. It's wrestling and not script, But they kind of are scripting it in a way with the NFL. They're planning it for that Outcome. There are levers in place. Yes. And they're pulling all the ones they can. And after the season, I dunno if it's every year, every other year there's something called a competition committee that is a set of owners that gets together to try and say, okay, what loopholes did people find? How can we make it even more competitive and tweak, tweak, tweak every year. Wow. Sort like Formula One. That way it's just endless. Yeah. It's just a business. We forget 'cause we just think of it as sport. But it's a real business business. I'm really mad, I just learned this term in Bill Gates' new book. It's a Japanese manufacturing principle.


It's what Toyota, they probably know. It imply, which is every year we must improve our manufacturing process and we must improve. Improve. Yes. Well, God, you just earned your this Ohio paycheck. Yes. Good job. Wait, What's it called? Kaizen. Kaizen. Kaizen. Kaizen. And the other half of that is reduced weight. We could stand to do a little more kaizen. I try. I think you guys would do it just fine. You gotta know your business. You're not in an optimization business. We're trying to ride that line between jazz and classical. You know how much you're supposed to do improv and be loose in how much you're supposed to be classical. Tell us about it. I Know you guys are very classical, you're an orchestra. And We've gotten more so over time, I think when we started, because we had nothing to lose more Jazz.


And what have you gained and what have you lost from that evolution? We're right more often, but we have less fun. Yeah, Yeah. Well we have fun in different ways. Yes. We get to go to Taiwan. Well, It's that thing. We talk about it all the time. Once you have something to lose, things get harder, they get scarier, they get more stressful. There's a little bit less fun. There's more rigidity. It's tricky. Honestly, this is a breath of fresh air. If this were an Acquired episode, we would have a hundred page script in front of us. We'd be retaking everything for fear of getting anything wrong. Well, the person I have felt most guilty interviewing, which we've now done four times, five times, is Malcolm g Gladwell. I was gonna say, revisionist history is the most perfectly produced product in the marketplace and the amount of effort that's put into it, we finish an episode and we're friendly.


And I'm like, is that not annoy the fuck outta you? Like we just created two hours of content and it's almost minute for minute real time content. That's it. There's no more work to be done. That's Not true. You know, I Had to say, Monica's like, you have no idea what I do. It's not like revisionist history, But we actually put at the top of the script right before we start now have fun. You need a reminder of just because the stakes are higher and just because all these people are gonna listen. The reason people like it is we're having fun. We're doing the thing we love. I have the same resolution, which is yes. Getting mired in these very complicated deals with humongous companies. I had to get to the point where I was like, remember, you love talking to people and somehow you guys have figured out how to get the most interesting people, nor does swing by your house and talk nuts.


Fucking stop thinking about anything else. I Didn't realize this was your house by the way. I kind of walked up and I was like, I'm pretty sure we're just at DAXs house. Indeed you are. By the way, you asked us about our careers earlier. Do you guys consider this your career now? Yeah, A hundred percent. Yeah. Especially we do hundred 52 episodes a year now. Wow. We have three episodes a week and we had five episodes a week up until September. So it's more than a full-time. Like in general don't want act. But if Tarantino for his 10th movie calls me, I'm going to figure it out. But how do we do it at this point? It would be very hard. I don't know. Anything else that could speak to the power of podcasting and the rise over the last 10 years. Clearly you've made the decision that this is a better trade For you.


I'll admit this out loud. I remember Joe Rogan stating that years ago, like he's done with acting and hosting and I was like, I don't buy it. I don't think you're having the opportunities you want. I think this is bullshit. And I was completely wrong. He definitely was just in the position we are now in much earlier. And yeah, it's much more fun to me than acting or anything else. So now the NFL absorbs the A FL FFLs. Yep. Which is fast forwarding for time, but due to basically Al Davis being a gangster, he's like a mafia boss. He directs all the A FL teams to go sign all the NFL teams. Quarterbacks just like as a bargaining chip. 'cause there's no free agency in either league, but not between the leagues. They could fight as much as they want. They had a gentleman's agreement that they wouldn't poach And they had just signed a new big TV deal.


So A FL got NBC to pay them 37 and a half million over five years. And they're like, guess what we're gonna do with the cash money? Let's go take that money. We'll going to the NFL money and Go steal all their Quarterbacks. Oh, This is the Ted Turner McMahon War section of the story. Now. Basically, as soon as he does that, it's all over. And then they mer It's so Crazy. They got outperformed twice. Exactly. And still remained the NFL. Exactly. Yes. So here's the terms of the merger, which is so fascinating. The NFL absorbs all the A FL teams. They're also gonna add additional franchises. So they're trying to cement monopoly. They're basically saying, how do we make sure we cover all the biggest markets? Cut off a future uprising. Yeah. Make sure this doesn't happen again. We're gonna pull the TV deals.


So there's now one national TV deal. We're gonna do a common draft between both of us. I think there was contracts in place, maybe TV contracts through 1970. So even though they're doing this in 66, there's like a phased plan over the next year to truly merge as one Pete R. Result maintains the commissionership. At first, the A FL was supposed to pay a ton of money, $50 million per team. That was where negotiation started. Before Al Davis kidnapped the quarterbacks Totally changed the leverage position. Yeah, it was, yeah. You can all join our league. Just pay us 50 million per team as a franchise fee and you can join the NFL. The actual deal is 18 million spread over 20 years. Oh, total. Total. Oh wow.


Yeah. It was a 900 grand a year for however many teams. Yeah. And what actually ends up happening is all of it, or at least half of it goes to the New York Giants because they're the most harmed from the jets joining in the same city. Oh, Okay. Oh, Interesting. So they didn't do that evenly? No. Basically Al Davis is a gangster. Wow. Wow. So this is where anyone with less than a 50,000 seat stadium needs to upgrade. They're like, this is the big times. Now we're signing these huge TV deals. Once this is in place, after the merger, two things happen. One is the Super Bowl, which we can get to in a sec. Arguably the more important one is Monday Night Football That starts in 68, Right around there. One of the other just incredible inventions of the NFL was they invent more football prior To that.


Are they only playing on Friday and Sunday? They only plan on Sundays, which is a bad spot. When they originally conceived of this, it was, no one watches TV on Sundays. So where can we get airtime cheap Real Estate? Monday night Football is the first time, there's only one game happening at a time. So there's one nationally televised game before it was, oh, there would be like a game of the week that maybe more markets would see than others. But they're all happening at the same time. They do the deal with Ro Arledge and a BC to create Monday night Football that basically invents the modern football telecast. Eight and a half million dollars per year that a BC pays the league for one game per week. So it's $500,000 per game, which today seems like it's common.


Yeah, tiny. It's very large. Relative to the other TV contract. They're basically saying, because it's one game, because it's prime time. This is a really expensive slot. Oh, and by the way, when you pay us a lot of money for the rights to broadcast this, we are gonna make it a spectacle. Football. Before this on TV had been referred to as football in a cathedral because it was one camera at 50 yard line. No Up top. Just panning back and forth. Oh wow. No field mics and commentators that would just chime in every once in a while. Oh, that One hurt. Yes, exactly. They weren't experts at all. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so this is the list of things that are introduced at Monday Night Football. They start with nine and then eventually go all the way up to 17 cameras, including handheld sideline cameras.


I'm gonna interject movie stuff. So a couple of technical innovations that helped it greatly is the Superfly cam, which is invented by John Brown, the DP of Without a paddle's father, who had also invented the steady cam. So the steady cam allows them to run along the side and keep your vision nice and stable. And then the super fly cam is a four point system. Yeah. Yeah. That'll allow it to go anywhere. So those are huge tech innovations that help the Three person booth. So you've got three commentators instead of two. The Booth guys have personality. This is when Howard Cosell becomes a character. Yes. In the arc. In a lot of ways. It's the precursor to podcasts. Right. It's like, oh, Monday night with my friends Howard, and you know, the dudes in the booth And talk about filling time.


You're gonna talk for two and a half hours without a script. Yeah. They gotta be interesting improv geniuses. Really? Yeah. They've got theme music. Hank Williams. Remember, are you ready for some football? Yeah. Yeah. Remember that before you got canceled? Are You ready for some football? Football? That's the best. Ah, yeah, that was a good one. Whenever you're watching football, it kind of looks like somehow the camera is at or near the line of scrimmage. Well, when it was at the 50, whenever you'd be starting in the red zone. It's really this oblique angle to be watching the play. So they put two more cameras on the 25 yard line. So now you're always looking at or near the line of scrimmage head on. They've got parabolic microphones. There's 40 engineers, 20 production people split screen interviews.


They are for the first time showing cheerleaders on television. So there's now some sex appeal to it. They've got green screens and the big, big thing replays. Oh for sure. Okay. So think this through. You've now got this Monday night game for the first time before everything else is happening. Real time in Sunday. All the other games, you don't Have the technology to show something from another game. What do you do during halftime of Monday night? All the other games are done. You can't update what's going on in real time with the other games. You gotta fill half an hour and halftime. You show highlights from Sunday. Great. And build Anticipation about next week's. There's ES, ESPN yet. Yeah. This leads to ESPN and Sports Act. Oh my God.


And If you are in a market that didn't show these other games, there was no way to, there's no way to See that. You read about it in the newspaper, but that's sucks. What a powerful aspect to build interest in the whole league. Totally. Yes. The crazy, crazy thing that is hard to wrap your mind around today, because everything is shot in 4K real time stored digitally, easily playback. Most television that was broadcast was in poor quality and never recorded. Or It was in film 16 millimeter that needs to go get printed. So They start NFL films. There's a whole long backstory that we don't have time for. Amazing. But they've got these people shooting, I assume 16 millimeter on the sidelines in real film all Sunday at every game in Parallel to the broadcast. This is not the broadcast.


They send teams out to all the games for the Monday night halftime show. So Then they've got a 24 hour turnaround to make a 20 minute highlight Reel to essential editing facility. Oh my God. Put a highlight package together. Wow. Get that back out to wherever the Monday night game is happening. Yeah. Those people all got to work at 8:00 PM on Sunday night and they did not leave till Monday. Yes. Howard Cael is essentially the first sports center anchor. He's narrating the highlight reel, but the highlight reel's sliding into the tape deck as it's happening. He's never seen it before. So he is improving. I mean really he is like the invention of Sports Center. So it sounds like they were smart and invested virtually every dollar they received from this television contract into the product. I think so. The original Myonite football was so expensive.


Incredible. The owners were also like pretty greed. They're like just a lot of money we're talking. Yeah. Late sixties, early seventies. I'm just thinking 500 grand per game. No, But that's just Monday night. So The show that they're gonna put on now with all the extra cameras and all this bells and whistles. I mean this is now becoming a bit more expensive to produce 500 Grand per game in meteorites deals. The NFL says oh A BC, you produce it. Oh, they have to pay N NFL's not Paying for this. Oh, they just want 505. It's It's just the meteor. Yeah. Yeah. Whoa. A BC is investing way more than eight and a half million dollars in this. So This is why the NFL collectively team ownership in aggregate is one of the best businesses ever. They sell the rights, but then they don't have to incur any of the costs. Right. Of doing the deals with advertisers.


Oh, It's entirely on the back of the network. And then they get them to compete and make the product better. Yes. 'cause now Fox has gotta have the blue line on the field. They Gotta have John Madden and Fox is paying John Madden not the NFL. That is Incredible. You get your customers to make your product better for you. Stay tuned for more armchair expert If you dare.


We are supported by Macy's planning a winter getaway before you hit the slopes or chase the sun. Make Macy's your first destination at Macy's. You'll find everything you need for your vacation at incredible prices. If you're planning a cold weather vacay, head to Macy's for great deals on coats, earmuffs, hats and gloves, boots and outdoor active wear from brands like the North Face, Ugg, and Columbia. And if you're booking a sunny destination, Macy's is still the place to get everything you need. They've got stylish resort wear, shorts, dresses, sandals, swimwear, and more from brands like Nike, Steve Madden and Levi's. I get my Levi's at Macy's. I just love Levi's. Head to Macy's, define all your travel must haves at affordable prices and spend your next vacation in style. Shop now at macy's dot com or visit your local Macy's store.


This is a mini meditation guided by Bombas. Repeat after me. I'm comfy. Comfy. I'm cozy. Cozy. I have zero blisters on my toes. Blisters. And that's 'cause I wear Bombas. The softest socks, underwear and t-shirts that give back. One purchased equals one donated now go to bombas.com/ Wondery and use code Wondery for 20% off your first purchase. That's BOM bs.com/ Wondery. And use code Wondery at checkout


Behind the delivery trucks that keep your life stocked. Thousands of employees at BP go to work every day. People bringing a new offshore production platform online. People making our refineries capable of more like making renewable diesel from agricultural waste people trading and shipping fuels to our customers and people helping truckers fill up and get maintenance at our convenient locations. They're part of the more than 300,000 jobs VP supports across the country. Learn more at vp.com/investing in America.


Fast forward a couple decades, what do you think NFL Sunday ticket is? I'll give you the whole rights packages right now. We may as well flash all the way forward to like how much money. Yes. This is What I, yeah, Excited. So Disney slash ABC slash ESPNs package right now is 2.7 billion per year just for Monday night football. Oh my God. So that's what, 16 games? 'cause there's no Monday night the last week of the season. I think 17, then Whatever. It's either 16 or 17 games. That's before the cost to produce it. That's just the right, I did the math. I'll go through all the deals. Okay. But across all of them, it averages out to, it costs the networks 45 to $50 million per game to have the rights to that game.


Okay. That's net after they've sold advertising. No, that is the cost to be able to bring your production crew there. You then have to also invest in the production crew. My God, are They recouping? I mean, they have to be Walkthrough 'em all. So, okay. Sorry. Then there's an NFC package and an A FC package. And of course you should sell those to different networks. So the NFC Sunday games go to Fox for 2.2 billion. The A FC Sunday games go to CBS for 2.1 billion. Disney Is paying more just for Monday nights than Fox and CBS are paying for all the slightest on ring games Or something. You'd rather be Disney because you'd rather only have the cost of producing one game than NBC. They're like, how else can we slice and football because there's another bidder.


So we may as well let them buy something from us too. They invent Sunday night football, $2 billion a year. Wait, Sunday night football's different than Sunday football. Sunday day. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Thursday night football. Oh my God. And For a while, I can't remember who had it, but now Amazon has it. Now it's just a streaming package. And that's what like one six is, it's A billion a Year. Seven-ish total. Call It five total for Sunday between the NFC and the A FC two and a half for Monday. So that's seven and a half. Add another one for Thursday or at eight and a half. Okay. Then they have NFL Sunday ticket. What is That? What If you wanna be able to watch any gig you've Probably seen all day YouTube TV advertising. For every time I sign onto my YouTube I Gotta deal with this offer.


Okay. You're a bar and you wanna be able to flip on whatever game your patrons want. Ah, you're a big fantasy football player, which fueled the growth of the league and you want access to all the games to be able to flip around. Well you gotta buy NFL Sunday ticket. The league is like, well we don't wanna be in the business of providing NFL Sunday ticket. We'll just find a distribution partner. We'll sell the rights to them and they can figure out how to make it available. That was DirecTV for a long time. Now it is YouTube for the pretty penny of 2 billion a year for that rights package. Oh, for the same footage? Yes. Yeah. Here's the great thing. Nothing new. All the Television networks are producing the games, the camera crews, the commentators, everything NFL Sunday ticket is reselling on top of what they've already sold. Well how does that not violate the rights?


Yeah. Commercials are still the TV networks And then YouTube's making their money on the subscription model. Oh. And not the advertising model. DirecTV, When they had it, and now with YouTube tv, If you want NFL Sunday ticket as a consumer, you have to pay an extra. It's like what HBO used to Be. Wow. Wow. They have skinned this cat. There's one more that they came up with five years ago. Do you know about redone? Okay. This is where you're playing four games at one time. So the NFL launches, NFL network, 80 years in. They're like, we should have our own network. Mostly non-game content, some analysis. And they realize because they're the one dictating terms on all these TV contracts, they can just keep putting in clauses. And this clause that they negotiate in is you can't watch any game at any time.


But If you leave that channel on on NFL network on Sundays, you'll just see the most interesting current moment of football being played. They're just snapping back and forth to all these different games that are happening. Oh, you're just seeing play after play after play All day. It's called the Red Zone channel. 'cause it's whatever team is in the red zone at any game going on at every, you can even point in time is the theory. So the NFL doesn't have to take on the costs of filming this. They Have one dude in a studio is so bad who just sort of is like, now we're switching to the lines and commanders. Yeah. And they licensed it to them, but now they're licensing their footage for free. Yes. Yeah. My God, this is incredible. So to your point, do the networks actually make money on this? At this point? It's not totally clear. They certainly used to, but NFL viewership has basically plateaued.


If you look at any metric first game of the year or the Super Bowl, or the average viewership it rose for a long time in the last 15 years has been pretty flat. And they're just adding more product. 'cause then you have Netflix, Christmas game. Yeah. Another one 50. Then Peacock has another 110 Madden video games. That's a lot of money. 300 million a year. Then Also you do think about that Christmas game and Beyonce. I'm surprised that they haven't done that more. It is only the Super Bowl halftime show. They have to be able to top everything they've been seeing all year long and bring in people who don't generally watch football. So they need something novel football. But no, Monica, I think you're right. Like in doing it on Christmas, they traditionally shied away from Christmas. 'cause that was the NBA's holiday. It was, this is more speculation.


But the NBA had historically operated more like baseball with each team had their own TV deals, baseball still to its great, great detriment. Yeah. Yeah. The NBA and Adam Silver realized, hey, the NF L's a better model. So just this past year, I think they renegotiated and centralized their TV contracts. Interestingly, now this is the first year the NFL is like, oh well Christmas maybe we're not just gonna let you have that. So Christmas is now a battleground and how's This Super Bowl Work? When the merger happened, there was the NFL championship and the A FL championship, which had been sold to different networks of you're showing a championship game. And then they're like, well now that we're one league can't have two champions.


So then they invent the Super Bowl, which Made the network executives live it. 'cause they're like, I thought we had the championship game. Right. You're putting one more game after the game That I got, I'll spend money again. Yeah. It just totally devalued this other thing. We sold people totally. But the right to show the Super Bowl is, I'm imagining a standalone TV deal. I actually don't have that in the sum of deals. Well, It definitely was in the beginning because I think it was A B, C and NBC that had the separate rights for the NFL championship and the A FL championship. And then they both each paid a million dollars to both show the Super Bowl. The first Super Bowl was shown on both on two Network, on two networks. Four Network rotation starting in 2024. What does the rights to that cost?


Let Me, I think it might be built into the rest of the deals. Okay. I kind of thought they all bid on just that one game maybe. So it rotates every year. N-B-C-C-B-S, Fox, What is this? Year's, It's on court TV this year, which is court tv. Big win for them. NBC gets winter Olympic years. I'm so glad I don't have the chart in my office trying to keep track of all the shit we've bought when we're airing it. This sounds like The worst. Well these days if you're a networking executive, you're just a slave to the NFL essentially. Yeah. If you really follow the logic of the rights packages are getting more expensive. They're keeping basically the same number of commercials over the last 10, 15 years in any given game. And so if the number of viewers is fixed, how do you make more money?


You need to keep raising your revenue with your costs. And so I think what's happening is every time it gets renegotiated, the NFL is like We're gonna take more of the profit pool. Yeah. There's a total profit pool here. A lot of it used to go to the networks. You have no leverage against us. We're just gonna take that profit. The NFL's the only reason You over to us and you'll be near zero profit entities that are a part of something else. Wow. But they're also not to get too in the weeds on it, they're amortizing the cost of that through some value. They assign launching television shows on the back of this audience. They have. They have 16 million viewers. They show a 32nd spot on the new. Yeah. It's almost a lost leader, Which used to work. And especially 'cause in the streaming era, you don't monetize through advertising.


So viewership actually doesn't matter as much. I mean it does, but you guys would know better than me. But yeah, You're getting into this complicated model of new subscribers. Their only metric is new subscribers and subscribers that are staying. Why are they staying? Are they staying for the new show? Are they staying for this thing? We had it talk about a job that's nebulous that they're trying to figure out best. ROI, who fucking knows why someone sticks around on a streamer and I think they have good ideas on how to get new subscribers, but I'm not sure they know necessarily. But then There's also a cap on that Ultimately 7 billion. Yes. They've all got a lot of room to go still. Yeah. Yeah. I guess So. Super Bowl, what we're ostensibly here for many, many people would disagree with this. I think basically the NFL, just from a business standpoint viewed this as more in the NFL films category.


Like how do we add Sheen to the league through this? Yes, it's a game. But this is when they introduced Media Week and the halftime show and famously like the halftime show, the performers don't get paid. It's a great honor. Exactly. Podcast. Yeah. Should Yeah, great honor. Right? Exactly. Exactly, exactly. Doing someone's live podcast. Right, right, right. It's An honor. We promise. Interestingly, I don't know for sure, but I believe obviously your stated goal as a athletic team is to win the Super Bowl purely from a business standpoint, winning the Super Bowl is economically suboptimal because you're playing many extra weeks for which you are not making more money. All the revenue gets shared, right?


All the teams get equal shares. Oh yeah. We should come with the bottom line. It's a $12 billion a year pool of capital that comes from networks that lands in the NFL's pocket to get distributed equally truly to the state, truly equal. Equally, Packers get the same amount. That is why the packers are Still up there. Yes. That's incredible. And that is why Kansas City can win Super Bowl. That's why Kansas City can win super. You would never see that in other sports leagues. That's so true. Dead Equal. So If you as an individual team, so like I only care about my business as a team, I don't care about the NFL. If you make the Super Bowl, they'll say you don't get a buy week. So you're not a number one seat. So you're playing the wild card round, the divisional round, the championship, the Super Bowl, four extra games. And then especially if you're a lower seat. And those are all road games.


The range in revenue for an NFL team, a small market team would be 80% of their total revenue is from the centralized TV stuff from the NFL. 20% is local ticket sales suites Merch. Merch is centralized. That was another Pete result. No Way. There's some merch that's not, But most is jerseys all centralized. And the reason for that, wow. Relle was like, we can't have all the teams having different quality levels of merch. We need to make a promise that If you buy a Packers' jersey or Alliance Jersey or a Rams jersey, a quality product, this Is democratized Business. Well we were researching it. David texted me, this is communist capitalism. Literally this is Communist capitalism. Yes. It's, yeah. One example of communism working like a motherfucker. Yeah. And it's working.


Yeah. So there's a sub-organization of the NFL called NFL Enterprises that manages almost all the merch. And then again all that revenue gets shared out equally to everybody. Yeah. And if I'm a player, I'm pissed. I'm like, bullshit. I'm fucking Tom Brady. 13% of all Jersey sales this entire year were me. Oh, think about Travis. Well Taylor Have this. We gotta come back to that. Think He's fine. He's not getting Screwed. So many Kelsey jerseys on children now. Yes, sure. Because Of that. You're Right. Now, I don't know if on something like a jersey where it's an individual player name if the player gets a small cut of that, but probably The players actually have it pretty great. It took a long time to get here. There was a big deal in 93 that enabled free agency and then 2011 and the collective bargaining thing has been renegotiated a few times.


But today, 48.5% of league revenue is the new salary cap. So players are entitled as a whole to almost half the more money the NFL makes, the more money players will all make. Haha, that's pretty high. It's really high. Yeah. So everyone has an incentive. Top tier quarterback contracts are 55 to 60 a year and they're by far the highest paid players. But yeah, some of these are half a billion dollar contracts Over a period of time. Now You might say, oh my god, there's so much inequality among players. There is, but it's actually a narrower band than other sports. The NFL has done a better job at making sure there's a league minimum that's sufficiently high. I'm always thinking about it when you watch that HBO show hard knocks training camp and you're like, this guy's making 400,000 a year and he is sitting next to the guy who's making 29,000 a year, they're arriving in these dramatically different vehicles.


It's pretty wild. Most coworkers don't experience that. I Don't know If you have it off the top of your head, what the league minimum is though, but it's pretty high. Half a million. A million, Rob, 795,000. That's Good. And most are making more than that. Yeah. And They're what, 80 player rosters? Like these are big teams, Rob. Exactly. Okay. So here's my great question is the only way for these networks to fight back is if they themselves formed a coalition and they collectively said, guys, we're not paying more than 1,000,000,005 for these rights. People were concerned about this. People were like cord cutting's happening. Obviously traditional linear TV is going the way of the dodo. Is the NFL screwed here? Yeah. Tech companies, They're coming In.


It doesn't help networks, but it is a way for the NFL to continue to extract dollars. Thursday night football was streamed on Twitter for a year or two, right? Yeah. That Was so weird. But again, If you look at it right now, it's the exact same situation the NFL was in in 1960 or whatever. Because currently Netflix would be heavily disincentivized to enter into a collective buying group because they can all spend everybody. So they are currently someone who would be like, fuck that. But in the long run, they might benefit more from being in bed with some of these other, They do have these published goals of wanting to grow revenue. NFL Total revenue last year was $20 billion up from 18 a couple years ago.


And as you know, the lion's share of that is the 12 billion from the TV deal. But then there's all this other stuff on top. I think they want it to be 25 by 2028 or something like that. Yeah. My last question, and this one was really my agent when he found out I was gonna talk to you guys, he's obsessed with you as well. He is like, you can tell them, figure out what is going on with gambling, what's their participation in this gambling? 'cause this again is some potentially huge revenue source. So what's their relationship with now this rise of these online gambling platforms? When We did the episode two years ago, what did we say? 45 million and people-ish bet on the NL, which was Illegal then it just goes to show prohibition is a goofy concept.


Everyone still bet, except you legalize it. And even way more people bet A lot more people drink alcohol after prohibition than Yes. Right. 75 million people bet on the NFL last year. It's growing 35% year over year. That number's huge in and of itself. Only Americans watch football. If you are going to analyze the NFL and say what is its one weakness, what have other sports done better? It's internet. Yeah. Nobody except Americans care have They tried. They have these exhibition games, the American expats who go to them, locals don't care. It Is curious to me why it holds no interest. I'm not a huge sports person, but I just do think objectively that game has a magic to it. The results would suggest that aside from their collective bargaining and all these other things, it's an easy game to jump into really quick and love.


I was just about to say, I think Americans are so attached to our teams. I think that's a little bit because we don't have a very long history, so we have to like build our own allegiances and stuff. And I don't think all these other countries have it. But then I think soccer, I'm wrong. The eat guys up in the street. Cricket. Yeah. Yeah. Back to betting. So 75 million people bet on the NFL. The total population of people who care about the NFL is only Americans. So what's the denominator? I don't know. 300, 3 30. That Includes children. Right? So probably a third of the country is betting on the NFL. Wow. So does the NFL, are they licensing anything in that process?


Yeah. They've started making money. They wouldn't have let this happen without having some sort of vague in it. There are figures that an industry association puts out that says they're making $2.3 billion a year from gambling. That's kind of amazing. That's already a sixth of the TV contracts. Right? They're taking credit and double dipping and other pies too. So I'm not sure if there's yet a published number on here's our gambling revenue stream. They Don't want to be known as having made money on this. Yeah. But how crazy is it watching football the last 30 years and there was this puritanical thing where they would never even mention the spread And now it's all over the Place. And it's like, this is the Draft Kings post game. Yes. I Can't believe it. They did a Big old pivot on that.


They really did. There Was this original fear of course, that it would somehow corrupt the game and people would throw games. And we did see it in baseball. There's some examples. Yeah. So I think the ostensible threat always was it was going to change the outcomes of these games. Is there any proof of that having happened? I'll tell you in my own personal anecdotal situation, I would've never found a bookie. I stupidly thought that the Jake Paul and Tyson fight was real. And so when I heard it was three to one Tyson and knock him out, you're Now convinced it wasn't real. Yeah, yeah. When a man has that much muscle memory with his, Bob left everything, and we see him do the entire series and then stop just short of knocking him out, that's a little hard for me to understand.


But at any rate, I was stupid enough to believe that that was going to be a real fight. And I'm like, Well's three to one money sitting on the fucking table. Mike Tyson's gonna knock this guy in two seconds. I can download an app right now and make that. I was like, I gotta get to Vegas. I'm like, no, I don't anymore. Now it turns out I would've needed to. 'cause in California you still can't do that. Thank you. California. You saved me A Thousand dollars. I would've lost. It's not legal here yet. I think it has a lot of restrictions. I think This is part of why there's so many different things. You can bet on Any state that you have a native gaming industry, which California has, you're gonna find that we have more restrictive laws every time there's an election cycle. You see all these gambling anti and pro funded by different reservations.


So I think that's why I wasn't able to bet. So thank you reservations as well. Your congratulations on your, congratulations on keeping your money. So yeah, raises those questions. I guess then you look through another lens of, well, the NFL always explicitly has been, this is an entertainment product. We don't want a Paul Brown situation. They're putting their fingers on the scale in every which way. Yeah. Let's take the schedule. It's not totally innocuous. Having the best teams play. The best teams staying for the 500 record. Actually it's gonna make the best teams worse in the back half of the season. 'cause they're more beat up. Here's the one thing other than CTE that could start the decline of the league, we are slowly seeing the erosion of the league first mentality of the cooperative. Oh really? Capitalism. It used to be the case that the overwhelming amount of revenue that you produce comes from the league, the national revenue.


And still for most teams about two thirds. But there are more teams finding clever ways to say, oh, that's actually not part of national revenue. That's part of my revenue. So when you see a new stadium get built and it has an absurd number of luxury suites. Luxury suites are different than admission tickets. Admission tickets have a way in which a lot of the money goes to national revenue. Oh, They have to kick up their own ticket sales. The justification is a visiting team is half the product. Oh, I thought for sure that was all theirs. Oh, I think 40%. I think It's about a third. And again, it's not just directly to the visiting team, it's up to the national pool, Which then gets split evenly. But these luxury suites, for example, that's all local revenue.


You get to keep that. Oh. Or other businesses that you start around Stadium and you get games like seat licenses. If you guys have heard of that, of like If you want season tickets, you need to buy a seat license that gives you the right to then buy the tickets. The ticket revenue is gonna get shared up. But the seed license, Oh, that's not mentioned in the national agreement. Oh. And so the way this nets out is you have teams like the Cowboys that will do something like 600 million in profit in operating income at the end of the year. And these are F Forbes estimates. But then you've got the Bengals, the Lions, the Bills teams of that ilk doing 50 to 60 million year, oh My God. 10 x. And it's because you know Jerry World, they've managed to build a really profitable local only revenue business.


So you do have teams that are making a lot more money than other teams as more of the cleverness shift to the local business. And you think that could seed some kind of animosity that could start to erode, Even if not animosity, just some teams are way richer than others. Yeah. The salary cap still is low enough that you can, as a small market team, still have parody. Are A lot of the teams not even hitting the cap would be my guess. Or do they all hit the cap? I think they all hit the cap. They do. But there's all sorts of engineering you can do around the cap. It's a game of chicken between the players and the individual teams and the league of like, well, you're back weighting the contract, how much it's guaranteed. Your margin of safety isn't that much. Further with the bottom teams making on the order of 50 million in profit a year before, let's say the next time there's a renegotiation and it goes from 48.5% to the players to, let's say it goes up north of 50, or let's say costs go up for everyone.


The Players, from their perspective, they're like, we just want as much money as possible. We want Jerry Jones to be able to pay us more money. Wouldn't that then incentivize teams moving much more? 'cause if I'm only making 50 million, I see in Dallas you can make 600. Well, I mean, it's already happening. Look at the Raiders, right? Going to Vegas. This is the thing that made the NFL was it doesn't matter how big of a market you're in. If you have the best team and we create this really even product it makes for this really powerful league, they're very aware of this. They're not dumb, but money works. Hmm. Money talks. What a fascinating business. Okay, so the last thing is the Super Bowl. To put a bow on it. Yeah, please. Again, I truly think every team genuinely their number one goal is to win the Super Bowl.


If you make it to the Super Bowl, you're playing all these extra games, you're not necessarily getting more money from that, especially if you're not the home team. When you go to a Super Bowl, nobody's the home team. And then you might think like, okay, well If you get to the Super Bowl, at least you're there. You spend all the money you would want to win. If you win the Super Bowl, you gotta pay for the parade. Last line item parade, Send the parties and all that. So, Well, don't players also have Super Bowl bonuses? Probably the bigger impact is not just Super Bowl bonuses, but what it does for contract negotiations in the coming years. Players be like, well, I helped you win a Super Bowl. And it does affect their value on the market, their skills every hard, like well, they're part of a superb Bowl team. Yeah. You know, could the NFL have a downfall?


Baseball was the NFL 50, 60, 70 years ago. Nobody would've questioned national past. You and I were even much more bullish when we did our NBA episode three years ago that the NBA was gonna eclipse the NFL. But this 82 game season where the coaches are incentivized to sit their best players and nothing really matters till the end of the season anyway. Well, Nothing matters to the fourth quarter then, and nothing matters to the end of the season. Yes. I was the biggest NBA fan that was my religion for like eight years. And I was watching the Lakers during their run of complete dominance. Oh, that is so fun. And I remember just going, I should really only tune into the fourth quarter. That's when they start playing. Doesn't matter how much they're down. And then I was like, do I even like this sport? If I sit through three quarters, that don't matter.


It's, it just seemed, the limits that are just inherently in place, like I guess the obvious choice for them would be to add games in the NFL. But it's such which they trying to do such a violent sport that there's really kind of a limit. They can't play 82 games a year in that sport. They're likely gonna add another week, Wednesday morning football Tee top football, breakfast football. That's how they're gonna finally get Europe. Exactly. Yeah. Key time. Oh well David And Ben, this has been awesome. Yeah, thanks for coming. How fun. Yeah, thanks for having us. We Love your show. Thank You for being such fans. And there's not a day that goes by that we don't hear from some, oh, I heard about you guys on armchair experts. Oh Good. Thanks so much for coming in.


I hope we get to do this again. Yeah. Another topic will verbal up the row and yes, we'll be on your show. We'll be on yours. You don't Have to ask. Yes. Feel uncomfortable. Oh, David, were you whispering at that? Thanks so much you guys. Thanks guys. No, you take care. Stay tuned to hear Miss Monica correct all the facts that were wrong. That's okay though. We all make mistakes. Okay, well, okay. Hello. If you say so Now, tell me if the, if you've ever experienced this. Okay. Okay. You get a new scratch. Scratch, yeah. Yeah. And it turns into a scar. Oh, Okay. Okay. And you with me?


Yeah. You get along so far. And then when you look at your arm or hand, wherever the scratch slash scar is, you don't recognize your own self. Oh No. Oh, you can't relate. I've not had that experience. Okay. That's what you're dealing with. Yeah, I have a new scar. Is this a the mole you try to pick out or the freckle that you try to Dig out? I do. I do often try to remove my own freckles. You're one to talk. Okay. I've Not tried to remove a freckle. You try to do lots of surgeries on yourself. True, True. But just no freckle removal. I don't know that that's possible. Well, it is. I mean, I'm not advising it. Yeah. Okay. But I've successfully completed many.


Well, and replaced it with a scar. No, this is not that. This, okay. This was a scratch or something. I don't know what happened there, but I guess I must have picked at it. And now it's a scar. Is it a little light white color there? Is that What? Yeah. Do you see it? Well, it now it has a little makeup on it. 'cause this is where I put my makeup. Oh, You you put make, oh, I thought you were covering up this. Okay. No I wasn't. In fact, now it's like, now it looks like I'm lying right Now. Give yourself those scar. Yeah. Oh my God. I know. It's huge. It's so I can't see it. Really? Yeah. I'm sorry. Well, the brown spot. Yeah. Oh yeah. I see the brown spot. That's Him. That's a liver spot, I think, Don't it?


That's not what happened. That is not what happened. It was a scratch. It's time to enter our liver spot phase of life. I'm going to try to avoid that. Okay. Although it's, look, aging is normal and natural. It's very natural. If you can do it without liver spots, you probably prefer it. Ideally. Yeah. Yeah. But anyw anywho. So now when I'm like typing, it's on my hand. I see it all the time. And I am like, who? Who is she? Right. Whole new hand. That's kind of fun though, I would say. Yeah. It's a novel. It's an opportunity for reinvention. Yeah. Slowing time down. That just a ding, ding, ding. This novel thing. Slow time down. Yeah, they do.


No one, maybe that's why Jan's going so slow. Jan Brady, January. We're calling her Jan Brady now. Yeah. You gotta catch me up. I'm sorry. I thought I Already said that. Where you develop Jan Brady. That's a, sounds like a Jess. Absolutely. Well, I've Been calling Jessica Con, I've been calling her Jan. Okay. Right. And then he added Brady. Well, tomorrow it's over. I know. Yeah. One more day. We can make it through. Yeah, Maybe We can. No, we Can. Yeah. I started compulsively cutting my hair today. You know how I like to do that. Yeah. And it's an indicator. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But now I can't blow my nose. Oh. And I think that it's replacement. Burling up.


Okay. I don't, I think you're gonna need a new replacement because soon you're not gonna have any hair. I think I satiated my thing. It's what happens is I was gonna do a little trim. Trim. It got bigger and bigger and bigger. And then I thought I had finished in the bathroom. But then I went to work out, and as I told you, I have reverse lighting or back lighting. I know it exposes all these things. And then the madness of, I'm just gonna do a trim. I know. That's it. I keep scissors now in my gym, which is, yeah. And then I got a vacuum it up, and then I'm like, that's it. Because we can't get the vacuum out again. And I got the vacuum out like five times, I think. Okay. Yeah. I was lifting weights, cutting hair, vacuuming, lift more weights, see more hair cut.


More hair. Vacuum if someone was watching. Yeah. Which someone could, it was very exposed. There's A lot of people in this area, And it's just windows galore. Oh, true. Yeah. So if someone was interested, they'd probably watch the ramblings of a madman. Your hair looks nice though. Okay, good. You did a good job. You See, any spots I need to trim? No, I think I'm not too far from my scis. They're always within an arm's length. Had a little bit of a gusher. Caught my ear a little bit. Okay. I'm just trying to be accountable. I know. I appreciate It. It's like an AA meeting. It Just me. I'm just like telling on myself. Okay. So maybe with your gusher, you're gonna start understanding what I'm talking about, about the scar.


I'll be blessed with the fact that it's very hard for me to see, other than when I saw blood and blood overtook my whole sideburn area. Well, when you get a glance of it, you might be like, whose ear is that? Yeah. Speaking of people watching you do weird things. Yesterday I was at Sunset Tower. That's a very fancy location in this city. Wow. We had overlapping days continue. So I went to Sunset Tower and I was working, I just bought this new bracelet. Okay. And I love it. Yeah. It's from Sarah Hendler. Great. And she put it on me. And so then when I got to Sunset Tower, I was like, oh, I'm gonna try to tighten it a little bit.


Like move it up a rung. Okay. So I took it off, and then I spent I think like 20 minutes trying to get this bracelet back on my hand. Oh, I could not do it. This is a great way to meet somebody. I that to ask a strange, I thought that, yeah. I'm so sorry, sir. Could you hold my delicate risk and help me get this? Do you mind helping me with this? I did think it could be a meet cute situation. Yeah, For sure. And then the universe is Wiley, right? Because Braley. Yeah. I, I was thinking about that. A meet Cutes and guess who reached back out?


Who? The matchmaker. Oh, really? People remember it didn't last time. Didn't go great. And I felt Bad about yourself. Yeah. Yeah. I did. I felt bad about myself to the chase for you. And this one seems more promising. Okay. Less, less like conducive to me feeling like I hate myself. Okay, great. So we'll see. So Sunset Tower. Did you see fancy people? Since I sat at the bar, I couldn't really look, but I'm sure there's fancy people there. There always are. So, you know, I had this dinner with Nate and Panay. That was a con. It was really a deception.


So that I could get to my birthday party. Yeah. But then I really wanted to have dinner with them. So that was last night. Oh. And then Panay was like, where do you, where should we go? Like home base, one of our standards. And I said, I could go to home base, or I could also go see some new hot place. I felt like I wanted to see that. Wow. Boy did he deliver. We went to, have you heard of Navio Nco? No. I thought it was Navi cough. When I saw it written, I was like, oh. They named a restaurant off after Navi Cough, the writer. Oh. But it's Navi cough. Oh. In Beverly Hills. On Cannon. And it was everything I could have Aka Hoped for.


It's only been open since July, I guess. Mediterranean and Italian. The food was outrageous. Ooh. You know how when you're at Karara, you can pretend you're in Italy? Yeah. I was like, we're in Miami. Oh, sure. It is. It was Miami where People were dressed. I gotta be Careful. Well, I gotta be careful. It's not, it's fine. Almost All the dudes looked exactly the same. I can picture it. Five, nine shaved heads, probably on a little too much testosterone, but not working out a lot with very, very attractive younger women. And were they wearing chains? Maybe. Yeah. There was a lot of jewelry. There's a lot of paddock watches. I mean, it's expensive. Yeah. So, Yeah. Yeah. I'm watching like, it's Kinda like, no boo in a way.


Yeah. It felt like a throwback to the eighties or nineties, which I enjoyed. That's fun. I cannot put it to find a point how good the food was. No. It was outrageous. I want that. And we pigged out like crazy. The A risotto with truffle. Oh, gluten-free. Blew my Yum. Doors off my barn. And then a great steak, a baby chicken, tiny Chicken. They, they described it as a baby chicken, Not a Cornish hen. Not a Cornish hen, but a oven baked tiny baby Chicken. They don't need to call it that. That is not as appetizing. Well, I was like, what do they mean? A chicken? Right. Exactly. But that wouldn't be enough meat. I don't think. It was delicious. And it was very entertaining.


It's fun. It was, it was. It's fun to, to do that every now and then and get in the scene. Yes. I loved it. What was the vibe at? I didn't know. You're now working at Sunset Tower. Only. It's a far ride to go edit. It is. That's why it's not a main stop for me. But I love, I love Sunset Tower. You love it. I only go like once a year, twice a year. You love it for the food, the atmosphere. Atmosphere. And what are you seeing? Also, the food is very good. I had a fried chicken. Ooh. And it was really delicious. You have a great shrimp crock. Was it a baby chicken? Fried baby chicken? It was full size, I think. Okay. Grandpa Chicken. Yeah. It's also such a vibe.


It is. For people who don't know, it's a hotel here. Sunset Tower Hotel. And then there's, there's a bar. Very historic in a restaurant. It's a very la old school, la old Hollywood vibes, If you will. Yeah. It got packed. See, I went at two 30. So that you'll be still there at happy hour. I didn't mean to, but we left at eight. Okay. So we were there all day. I've been craving it for a while. The energy there. Yeah. Similarly. Yeah. I was dead. I had ridden my bicycle too far, and I hadn't had caffeine since really early in the day. And I wasn't gonna have any Oh.


I was driving there. I was like, oh, A little drowsy for this big outing with the boys. But I did have some dcs at the place, and then the energy really did lift me up. Do you think that maybe now is not the time for you to be like, cutting out caffeine? Well, I think it is in, in, in service of making sure I'm getting good night's sleep. Oh, okay. Right. Like I think getting a full on uninterrupted aid is, is ideal right now. Yeah. Which I did last night. Yeah. I just, I think may taking away things that you like Blowing my nose. Exactly. Yeah. It's like maybe his now's not the time. Although I've, I have the right mental attitude.


I'm, I've decided to go like, yeah, this is uncomfortable, but this is you being strong and not escaping and walking through. Yeah. And, and it's fine. And it'll change. So it's been fine. Okay. Yeah. It's a couple haircuts. A few naps. That's all right. Yeah. Oh, that's fine. Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare.


As you write your life story, you're far from finished. Are you looking to close the book on your job? Maybe turn a page in your career? Be continued at the Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies. Our professional master's degrees and certificates are designed to meet you where you are and take you where you want to go. At Georgetown. SES, the learning never stops. And neither do you write your next chapter. Be continued at scs.georgetown.edu/podcast.


Anything thrilling happening happened since I saw you last? I guess those were big announcements that I already did. We Both went to restaurants. I took a bike. Right. I took a long time to put my bracelet on. Yeah. Did you end up having someone help you? Yeah. When Julia got there, she did It. Oh. But not a stranger. No. I think that's the best Move. I know. But it's also so Cute. I'm so sorry. Excuse me. I'm, I've been trying to get this bracelet on for 20 minutes. Would you mind? I don't have any cooties. Well, I do have cooties. Look how fun this is already playful. Dance, dance, dance. Before he even gets to the bracelet, you've, you've now talked for 25 minutes. Sure. Because he's gonna have a hard time too. It's much harder than you'd think. Yeah. And then it's, then he's failing and he's laughing.


That's funny. Oh my God. I'm falling in love. Just thinking about this. We had a funny moment last night. Every now and then you'll feel 13, which is really fun. Which is George and I went to the bathroom. There was a girl in the cowboy hat he liked. Okay. Sitting at a table. And behind them was this cool little display of like the seafood they have. It was like a little mini market set up. Oh. And they're grabbing stuff from there. It felt like you were invited to peruse this little thing. Okay. So on the way in, George spotted her and he's like, oh my God, look at the girl in the cowboy hat. I'm like, okay. So when we're coming out, I'm like, oh, let's look at these.


Let's look at the lobsters. You were wing manning. Yeah. So now we're like, now we're, we are looking, but we're also fake looking. Of Course. And we're like looking at the vegetables and the lobster and this and that. And then as I turn to walk in, well, they're all looking at George and I. And then I'm like, and And now what? Yeah, he's gonna have to talk. He's gonna have to talk. It's so funny. That part hard. I felt like I was at the mall. We saw some girls at Burger King. Yeah. And then we acted like we were gonna buy something. Then we were like, you know what, I'm full. And turned around and it was like, well that was the, Oh wow. And then when I left George of this, well, I think we got their attention. Right. And then as was I was leaving and George's like, I gotta, I'm gotta go back.


I'm gonna go back and see what's happening with the cowboy hat. But I standing there looking at this stuff, It's so weird to be an adult. Especially 50. Right? Yeah. I think I was hearing the updates of a single life and I was thinking, yeah, I'm glad I'm not. Yeah. I'm not on the scene. Well That's, yeah. Speaking of young men, Ben and David. Oh wow. Fun. Ben and David. Yeah. They're great. Really, really, really. That was a very fun time. Yes. And now I'm really into the NFL as an institution. Yeah. As a A corporation.


Yeah. As a business. As a capitalist. Communism. Yesterday I bought some vintage clothes and bought a La Rams. There's an La Rams vintage shirt. Oh really? And I got that. 'cause now I really like the LA Rams because they were really ahead of their time progressively. Right. So now you're a huge fan. Yeah. Of the Rams. And I live here. You're a Ram fan. Well, let's see. The biggest fact to check and the most exciting fact to check is Taylor Swift's car collection. Oh, okay. Yeah. This is very exciting.


Very. Does she have a car collection? I was a definite no. And I felt very arrogant in my opinion, because I feel like I know everything about her. Yeah. Only because I listen to a great podcast. Every single album. Shout out, that breaks down all of her albums. And they do other, other people too. And they also just do like music industry stuff. And they're, the two hosts are really awesome. So I love that. And I feel, so now I feel like I know everything. 'cause they do deep dive, but I don't think they've talked about her car collection. Right. They skip that part. So she does have one.


This is fantastic. What are her cars? Okay, there are three sections of cars she has. Okay. Luxury sports and practical. Okay. Luxury. Mercedes A MGG 63. Oh, what a wonderful sedan. Luxury vehicle. Twin turbo. Luxurious. Is that a sedan or a Yeah. Four-door sedan. Oh, I thought it was a G wagon. GWA is the G 63. That's What I said. Oh, I thought you said S No G. Oh, wonderful. Love those. Love those. Eric's even thinking of getting one. Really? Yeah. G wagon. Yeah. They're so good. I would like to have one in my life.


You would At some point. Yeah. Potentially. They're great. They're, they're very expensive. Are they? Me though, but kind of Every time I see a G wag, it's mostly rich hot women driving GWAS in la. Oh yeah. It's, it's, it skews fem female. Really? She also has Mercedes-Benz S class. That's what I was referring to, but not the AM MG version. Right. Okay. Then she has a Mercedes Maybach S six 50. That's like, that's fancy. A coach built Mercedes based, you know, like a private plane for cars. Wow. It's a rolling atill.


Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Then there's the Cadillac Escalade Standard. You gotta have it for arriving at functions. You're up high. If you're wearing a dress, you can exit the vehicle without your beaver exposed accidentally being exposed. Yeah. Special occasions. Okay, now we're into sports cars. Okay. Audi R eight. Okay. Yes. Yes. Very elegant design first. Okay. Not the most performing. Oh, Alright. Of super allegedly Cars. Okay. No, no. Objectively but very elegant looking. It does say right here a high performance supercar. Yep. And it is, it's got the Lambo V 10 or it's got the V eight, depending on which this says V eight. Okay. I'm surprised she doesn't have the V 10, but when I talk to her, I'll get her to You'll get her up, right?


Oh yeah. That's a very feminine supercar. Okay. Okay. Now she also has a Ferrari 4 58 Italia. That's a shocker. Yeah. Yeah. That feels, that's interesting. That's when she plays Lavender Haze. I think that's her lavender haze car. Is it sexy? Well, it's just an Italian. I mean, it's so Italian Stallion. Yeah. Very dude car. Very, very few women go up and buy a 4 58. Oh wow. Yeah. Yeah. I'm looking it up. It is. It looks fast. I'm gonna ask Chad if it knows what percentage of Ferrari owners are men.


Oh, that's a great question. I bet you it's about as high as any brand. What percentage of Ferrari owners are men? The percentage of Ferrari owners who are men is estimated to be around 90 to 95%. Oh Wow. That's, that's really quite high. So she, she can count herself in the 5%. That's Awesome. Okay. Then she has a Porsche nine 11 Turbo Perfect car. Very exciting. Great taste. Should I see if chat, what chat thinks the percentage of women who own Porsches? Yeah. I it, it needs to be higher. If it's not, What percentage of Porsche owners are female? 15 to 20%. Okay, so that's four x the amount that own Ferraris.


Right. And that tracks, I know more women with Porsches. The Cayenne has female ownership estimated between 30 and 40%. Oh, That's the electric one? No. Oh. Oh, here we go. The Macan, that's the small SUV. That one's got 50% of buyers are women. Wow. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Practical vehicles. Okay. She has some practical vehicles. She Has three. Okay. She has a Toyota Sequoia. Great. She'll have that until she's dead. It'll run until she's dead. She has a Chevy, which we hope is of like 150. Yeah, she's 150. Yeah. Yeah. It'll run that long. Don't worry. Chevy Silverado, her first car, which she still keeps.


Okay. Is it pink? Yeah, it's pink. It's pink. It's like a Mary Kay. And then the Nissan Quai. That's Q-A-S-H-Q-A-I. That's She has that. Why does she have that? She Has. Was that given it's Does she have she have a deal with Nissan? Does she have any kind of No, She just loves it. She loves it. Okay. But actually, according to this other site, her very first car is a pink truck. Cute. That's very cute. That's cute. Another site has a little bit of a different opinion on what she has, but a lot of these are crossing over, so I feel good about that. Okay. The Ferrari, the Porsche, they're all on here.


Okay, Good. The Sequoia, the A MG, the Nissan Qua, the Everyday Humble, Everyone says the Nissan Quai. If we ever interview her, I want to do 20 minutes on this. I hope She arrives in it. That would be great. And she probably will because it says the everyday humble choice. Oh, it's her latest acquisition. She can move discreetly. Right. So In London it says in London specifically, This vehicle is in London and it's so she can leave an apartment without anyone thinking it's her. Yeah. But don't, Don't, Don't go looking for, I know. Don't go looking for her quash wise and try to find her. She's just trying to live.


She's just trying to be, She should own a UPS truck and then just deck out the back like a sprinter van and then get driven around a UPS truck. No one Ever. You could design something for her. You've been designing cars with ai? I could. And then her driver could wear the UPS outfit. That's fun. Or FedEx, I guess if she's in London would probably be FedEx. Okay. Do players get a cut of their Jersey sales? Yes. NFL players receive a cut of their Jersey. Sales players receive royalties based on how many of their jerseys have sold. These royalties come from group licensing deals negotiated through the NFL. Okay. So that's cool. Action Park, I don't believe is the park based on Adventureland because it says Adventureland is based on the real life.


Adventureland Park in Farmingdale, New York. Okay. Action Park is in New Jersey. Okay. And there's a doc about it called Class Action Park or something. Oh, five to 10 victims daily. Five to 10 people went in an ambulance away from there. Emergency room. Yeah, Emergency room. While they were keeping probably the Town Emergency Clinic in business. Yeah. Maybe that's what it was all about. I wonder if they were giving away like the woman who lost her eyelid on the slide and she got an embroidered sweatshirt or something. Yeah, from Armchair Anonymous. Yeah. That was a great Episode. They should had a shirt that said, I was sent to the emergency room by Adventure Park And all I got was this little What called T-shirt?


Is that what called Action? Action Action Park. No. Action Park. Yeah. Yeah. Well that's it for Ben and David. They were awesome. Ah Yeah. Really fun. Yeah. Incredible. And I've been talking so much about what I learned. Yeah, me too. I basically repeated the entire episode to my father-in-law while Time. Oh, fun. Alright, love you. Love You.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Behind the closed doors of government offices and military compounds, there are hidden stories and buried secrets from the darkest corners of history, from covert experiments, pushing the boundaries of science to operations so secretive that were barely whispered about each week, un redacted, declassified mysteries. We pull back the curtain on these hidden histories. 100% true in verifiable stories that expose the shadowy underbelly of power. Consider Operation Paperclip where former Nazi scientists were brought to America after World War ii, not as prisoners, but as assets to advance US intelligence during the Cold War. These aren't just old conspiracy theories. They're thoroughly investigated. Accounts that reveal the uncomfortable truths still shaping our world today. The stories are real. The secrets are shocking. Follow redacted, declassified mysteries on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to Redacted Early and ad free right now on Wondery Plus.