
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan Shepherd and I'm joined by the Duchess of Duluth. Hi. Hi. Our sweetest friend Adam Scott is here today. Yeah. We discovered, which I would've not guessed. Yeah. I forget now. Seven. But in In seven in the interview, we realized he was his seventh guest. It does feel like it's been a long time since he's come on, but not that long. No, I just didn't think he was that early.


Yeah, I felt like we were up and running for a while. Me too. And I reached out. Me too. But yeah, so this is his second trip. Oh, this will be good because I remembered this. There's a point in the interview where I go, weren't you super into hip hop? Yeah, you did? And he's like, no. Yes. And I was so discombobulated by that. 'cause I'm like, I know, I remember this. Okay. And it hit me after this interview and I text him and I was like, oh my God. Do you know what I think I'm confusing is were you obsessed with Do The Right Thing and Spike Lee and started wearing African gear and he is like a hundred percent.


Oh. So that's what it was. I knew he went through a phase. Oh. And he was wearing like the Tricolor Africa shirts. Got it. And it was Do the Right Thing. Oh. So I'm not, I wasn't totally insane. There was some connective to Sue. Got it. That makes sense. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And also lends itself to him being a cinephile. Yes. Which he is. Big time. Parks and Recreation Stepbrothers. Big Little Lies Party Down The Good Place in Alas, arguably the greatest show on television, which returns to Apple TV plus on the 17th Severance. I can't wait. So excited. It's so good.


It's so, so good. And I gotta do the Severance podcast that they're doing. Oh, fun. Which is really, really fun. That's great. Yeah. I do recommend it's been three years. I have a pretty good memory. I don't remember anything. It is so worth, yeah. Starting it from the get go. Yes. It's so enjoyable. I had forgotten so many great things about it. Me too. I re-watched it as well. Oh, You did? Yeah. I mean, it's just what a Show's. Fantastic. Please enjoy Adam Scott.


If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners, subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs. Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC. Terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, check that you have all the ingredients for a recipe before you start cooking dinner. Or checking If you need to use the bathroom before you start recording. So you don't need to take a break. Mid show checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is intended for audiences in the US only. Savings vary terms. Apply Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


He's in Steal yourself. Is that the expression? Oh my God. Okay. Steady Steal, prepare Yourself. Okay. Thank God there's no buttons on your slacks. Like Camilla, Anthony, that Doesn't stop. I wonder what it is I'm, I'm supposed to be looking at. Yes. This is very nice. You're Fucking hot as hell. It's, hold on. Adam, you're a thousand percent sexy as fuck. What is this from? I've always known you've had good hair, like enviable hair.


But this photo I can't do things like, like you can take big swings with your hair. Would you acknowledge that? And I would say that's a big swing and I think it might be a bit of a miss. No, No. Oh my God. The whole thing just feels a little stupid. No, Adam, listen to me. You can own this. Can I hold this up? Can you see that Rob? But look at this. This is great. You do have great hair. Fuck You have good Hair. Thanks. You're Welcome. I'm stealing this from Anette. He would call it the 40 yard stare like that. Vietnam. Yeah. Yeah. The like middle distance stare. Yeah. Like am I seeing a sniper in the background that you're not Right. Me and Pratt used to do it on parks.


It would be saying something stupid to each other and then just kind of breaking into and it's just like, what are you, what exactly? There is this middle distance where it's so clear. I wasn't looking at anything. It was just look over there. Yeah. That's maybe part of why it's embarrassing. No, no, no, No. You're so self-deprecating. It's a gorgeous picture. It's Gorgeous. Don't think I'm, it's just Gorgeous. It's just absolutely gorgeous. By the way, it's so different in here than I know where we are. Oh, sure. You know, let's take a second to, to process this. Yeah. How long have you been in here? Three months. Because I, I listened to the show. I don't watch it so I would, I don't know. Yeah. Taking him, first of all, Rob did all of this. It's Really nice.


Like homey. Thank you. And well designed. I know you have impeccable taste. Monica. Thank you. But this wasn't me. This was all Rob. It's really lovely. Yeah. You can almost forget, right? That's the dream. Yeah. It's nice. And you got the camera sort of hidden. It's really nice. Orna Style. Well, we Have overs in this podcast which people don't have over. It's over. They line up in a line Overs. That's so good. You're a director. You know these things. What if I said I'm a director at heart? Ew. That's gross. I'm a Storyteller at heart. Oh, That's worse. I'm even scared to admit out loud how much I hate that. 'cause so many people I love I've heard use that term. I know. And It's true. We are story animals.


Stop. Just cut it out. D The dawn of man, we gathered around the fire. We tell stories. We can stop saying that. Yeah. I would like to stop. Yeah. Yeah. You've seen people you love say it, right? Of course. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure I've said it. I mean Jesus. He just run Of things. We're gonna pull up for the fact check. Both of you saying it A thousand times. Yeah. A stream. Is There any other current words That piss me off? Yeah. Nomenclature that's rubbing you the wrong way. I have too much of it to the degree that I'm not proud of myself. Too much of what I am hypersensitive to words people are using in pop culture. Yeah. To the degree that I have to be a little self-reflective and go like, this is the kid in high school.


Like I'm still looking for reasons that all the popular kids have their code. You feel left Out. I got That. I think that's why it's such an acute 'cause Monica will tell you I've called out words like artisanal. The second artisanals, I said, you watch, that's gonna be on a fucking Arby sign. It wasn't on Arby's, but it was on Subway. My current one I'm tracking is a till eight. This is the new word. Wait, I don't know this one. Great. You're getting it on the ground floor. You do know it. It's just means like a shop. You don't know it. It just means a metal shop. It's like a apothecary bubbled up a few years ago in the wrong places. Yes. Atelier, which I learned this from Monica. This is like a small bespoke, handcrafted luxury item.


Whoa. And it's the studio for it, which I'm fine with those Italians having theirs or French, whatever. It's Yeah. It's where the designer actually makes the items. It's a real word. Sure. But we don't use it to describe the sandwich shop in Beverly Hills. Correct. Which is coming. I just started hearing at a little too much and I was like, Monica, you watch the gap's. Gonna have an atill. Yeah. Okay. So we have storytellers. That's rough. For me It's rough. And again, so many people. I love it. I see you. Sure. I don't think people can get through an interview without saying it these days holding space. Can't you just do that without talking about? Yeah. Does that trigger you at all? I've Never said it. I do think it's rough. This is where the left is losing people, by the way.


Yeah. Stuff like that. 100 because it's cultural and rhetorical. That's it. Of the two parties, there's one that actually helps out the working class. And it's not the one that won. Exactly. It's the one that rhetorically and culturally don't know how to talk to them. Right. Yeah. So it's shit like that. A hundred percent. Yes. But wait, holding space means I'm just creating space for myself. Well, I think it's more often used in like, I just want my husband to be able to hold space for me to have my emotions or hold space for a coworker or a friend. Right. It sounds a little too sanctimonious. I think I tuned that one out. So I use one that probably people hate. I will say often my story.


My story about you and I as this or my story about losing That job. Yeah. Yeah. That to me feels a little more honest, which is I know I'm a storyteller. Yeah. And It's just, it all comes back to storytelling of you Guys. This is just a story. Monica's visibly uncomfortable. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We thought her pants were gonna explode, but they've retracted. I see the opposite. It's Literally, it's the more belt. Were You wearing three belts when you walked in? I didn't notice. Isn't it funny in movies where they flash to the future and you see them taking stabs at what will happen fashion wise in the future. I think in back to the Future, people have two ties in the future. Right? Right. In 2015, which by the way, you would've known that already. That's right. You know what no one's playing with, which they should be, is that as we see drugs like ozempic become ubiquitous.


Yeah. And people will more and more have the same body shape. It's almost interesting to think. No one's projected that in the future. Everyone just virtually, there'll be like three versions of people. Yeah. But Also with Botox and fillers and all of those things. Yeah. People's faces are starting to just look like one thing. I mean, young teens are doing Botox and filler. I Know. Yeah. I wish I was alive when they were 90 so I could see how perfect they look. I bet it's really gonna work. I feel like an Old lady to saym against it. But I am. You are. Even though you are for kids To do That, Honestly, that for like an 18-year-old, you don't even know what your face is yet. But also you're not done forming. Exactly. And growing. I have two teenagers, so they're always on TikTok and Instagram stuff and yeah.


There's a lot of perfection and redefining perfection. It's all really crazy. Yeah. It's very sci-fi. It does make me think, did you ever have these days when you are in elementary school? I'm plagued with a lot of coly. I don't have the head of hair. You do back to your hair cowlicks. You know where your hair jus this way? Yeah. Yeah. And then that way it's getting WMS and back I a swirl. Yeah. So the middle part with a feather, when you and I were kids was king. Totally. You had to have that hair do bone and Luke Duke had it and I just couldn't get it on the middle. It was always off to one. Oh, okay. It was like a 60 40. Yep. Split. Yep. And so occasionally I would have a morning like in fourth grade where I would feather it. It would look great and I would make this weird promise to the deities.


I would say like, I commit to this hair for the rest of my life. If you can keep it looking this Way. Yes. If it can remain this perfect, I will keep this parted down the middle feathered construction for the rest of my days. Okay. Now did you ever do any dumb thing like that in front of the mirror? I remember my brother had the little lead figurines for Dungeons and Dragons. They were made out of lead. Yeah. And as a kid I heard lead is poison. So you need to be careful. I used to just steal all his shit and look at it. He's older than me. So I remember one day taking one of these little lead figures and just sticking my tongue out and just touching it.


Sure. And then just being like, what am I doing? And I remember looking into the mirror in our living room. There was a mirror hanging there and just going, I don't want to die. Hi. Thinking that it was imminent. Okay. What you stumbled upon right there is called the call of the void. Do you know this term? No. So the call of void is very, very common for people to experience this. You're on an extremely tall building, you're looking over the edge and the voice is going jump you fucking pussy. For some reason it's daunting you. Yes. And that's what licking that lead was. And I, yeah. I would've done the exact same thing. Like, whoa. It's pretty powerful. It's Powerful. That's what it Is.


But You got to be on the other side of answering the call void, which is you laughed. I did it. And it sounds like you had immediate regret. Yeah. There was a stupid thing to do. Did you think in your mind at that time you thought you'd be dead before the day's end? I thought I would drop dead any second. Were you like touching or Get Yeah. Getting under the faucet on Instagram. I'm constantly shown, you know those kids that are now climbing skyscrapers all over the world? Oh, without any equipment. What? Yo, they're just free balling it. And they're running and jumping. They're not like being careful. Oh. They're getting up to the top of literally the Empire State Building and balancing on one leg and Oh, taking some pics. Yeah. They have their drone up there and they're just like, what's up?


Some toss them a beer. Crazy. And there's a documentary on a couple that do this in Eastern Europe on Netflix. Their whole group of friends are traveling the world doing this. And they die often of course, because they fucking fall. Oh Yes, yes. But I'm on that algorithm on Instagram and I'm constantly being shown these. This is because there's nothing that I enjoy more than watching these people on the edge of a fucking skyscraper. And I love it. Yeah. It makes my hands sweat so profusely. I get butterflies and I get an adrenal rush I think watching them. And then I have to just put it down and not look anymore.


Sure, sure. Yeah. It's weird. Look in front of the mirror and say, I don't wanna die. It's like, well, it's just a video. You are fine. Were You a really good kid? It sounds like you were a really good kid. Yeah. That's the extent of Mischief. Yeah. Yeah. I must have been a good kid. I can really relate to being the younger brother who he'd leave the house to go do something fun and I would run to his bedroom like a chimp. Just like hold his objects A hundred percent. Covet them. Oh yeah. Look at chimp. Your little possessions. His idols. I felt like I was holding special idols. I remember once he came home when I was in the midst of one of my archeological digs and I hid behind a chimney that came through the middle of his room and I just hid there for 15, 20 minutes while he just sat on his bed reading a comic book or something.


I was sitting at my grandparents' roadside motel in the summertime. And I had an uncle Rob, who was five years older than my brother. So this guy was on top of the world. He had a 68 Camaro. He played the guitar very well. He had a dirt bike. And I got into his room and he was out. And I found just a treasure trove of firecrackers. Oh shit. And I was like, this motherfucker's got major power ment in here. Firepower. I was like, oh, there's 60 of these. I'm gonna steal one black cats. And then later I was out in a field next to motel and I lit 'em off and I was like very scared and excited. And then I just hear, they're loud, aren't they? Oh fuck. And I turned around and it was Uncle Rob and he fucking called me red-handed. Just like the cool uncle You'd guess he didn't mind too much.


Yeah. He understood what was going on The Other day you told me you've never stolen. I didn't say that. Yes you did. No. Yes you did. No, no. Because then I said, yeah, you tried to steal a parking Meter. Parking meter again. I did steal. And then I said, no, I did steal a parking meter. Yeah, you said, then I did. But I, And then I tried to rob Seven 11, put that in a different compartment. 'cause I was drunk. But now here we go. It sounds like, sounds like he was in his right mind when he stole his fireworks. It does. I was pretty hammered. What is that? That's a nicotine spray. You've certainly seen me use These. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. On our yearly vacation. Yeah. I've Got, yeah. What are you rocking Zis? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's right. You're a Zi man. So stupid. What's a Zen? A zi is like a little pouch of chemicals.


Oh. It's kind of like a skull bandit. Except It's non-tobacco. Or maybe skull bandits or non-tobacco. I dont, No, they're Tobacco. Okay. These are non got itac. It's just Nicotine bandits are made in Anier in Raleigh Durham. One. So is Z. They're Made in So is Yeah. One by one Gorgeous atelier in Terre Haute, Indiana. Very bespoke, very artisanal. And they fold each packet Bespoke. That's another one. That one doesn't bother me. Agents started using it describing different kinds of movies and shows. Oh, By the way, that's a great source for trigger words is agents. 'cause agents kind of like Silicon Valley bros. There's a lexicon and you gotta stay abreast. And Political talking heads.


There's always a new word kind of cycling through. A few years ago it was crossing the Rubicon. So and so's going to cross the Rubicon into That's so true. You're So right. This cycle. It was something else. But yeah, it's annoying. Okay, now I gotta go all the way back. 'cause when I talked about your hair. So basically we're getting into this era where the Faustian promise could be we're nearing a technology that at ate, I could have injected myself with something and my hair would've looked like that for the rest of my life. Yeah. That's where I was going with that entire story. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like the notion of freezing your face at 16 is kind of interesting. I don't have a moral judgment on it quite yet. Yeah. Yeah. I may about have to. It over My face has gotten better over time.


So that would've been a big mistake. Mine too. Is yours improved? I think so. I look at photos of me when I was 30 and I'm like, what's going on? And it might just be the way you perceive yourself. It's hard to gain perspective on that. I just saw the substance. Oh. Which was super interesting. Yes. So interesting. So good. But remember when the kid in the doctor's office introduces her to the idea and that kid's perfect face. Yeah, But creepy. Very creepy. That's what I immediately think of when you say there'll be like three different kinds of faces. Or If you have the power to just freeze your face, everyone starts kind of morphing into a face like that.


To me that looks like a YouTube tutorial face. Right. Like it's just weird. And it's become this standard that people are looking at on social media. It's hard to say what's better or worse. Is that better or worse than you? And I thinking, you gotta look like Brad Pitt and there's no chemicals or I can't Freeze my No, there's nothing you can do. No, I'm not sure if it's getting better or worse. Yeah. Okay. But my sci-fi fantasy is this. So if we just think really quickly that your cells divide and they make perfect copies of themselves. Yeah. So there's this great mystery. How then does your body evolve and look differently? If it's making perfect mirror copies of each cell. What is this aging process? How are the cells changing?


And there's a lot of science that's getting close to figuring that out. So let's just say there is a future in which you take it and then that's it. You're arrested exactly where you're at from now on your cells will just duplicate as they should. That's an interesting sci-fi movie where everyone is 28, the wise elders are 28 And everyone is immortal Probably. Unless they get hit by a car. Unless some kind of accident happens, right. Could die. Their cells are die. Just gonna make perfect copies of themselves. So that would be an interesting sci-fi movie where everyone's 31 Guy's, 130 and one guy's 30. Yes. But they look exactly the same. And It just makes me wonder like status wise and how you treat people at a grocery store. Yeah. And all this weird stuff. If everyone was the same age, what would that do?


That would be really weird. Also, it would make the first 30 years of your life, or 28 whatever number, everyone shut it down, Decides down. Yeah. You'd like be living in a bubble. 'cause you have to protect yourself until you get to 28. Yeah. So you don't get Messed up or die before. Well I did think, think of that is once you get the procedure, it'll heighten your fear of accidental death because you're not gonna die of any diseases. People would be so much more accident phobic. And also there would probably be some sort of celebration when you hit 30 or 28, 8 or whatever. It's exactly, I bet 27, that's when they always say you just start going downhill from there. Is that right? Is that like the peak? I think that's when you like kind of peak. Remember Looper one of the great sci-fi movies of the last 20 years or so, Ryan Johnson.


Yeah. They have that party when you close your loop and you know your death date. Is that what it was? They throw a party and it's a really dark, weird thing. But that's the great thing about really good sci-fi is when you drop in and you see kind of the customs of this new altered environment and when it's pulled off, well like in Looper, it's really kind of mind bendy. Yeah. That's the fun stuff to think about is yeah. Not the actual big juicy tech Cultural reverberations of these. Like if a guy that's 130 is dating a actual 30-year-old woman, but they look the same, do we throw out that whole thing we care about? And what are the apps that would be created to catch you up on what a 30-year-old is into?


You're fucking 430. What if, okay, we gotta get back to reality. But after this Things, No, but listen, Dating a 400 and 30-year-old, Although then it's like they're mature. Right? That's cool. I don't know What if. Okay, so these new meta glasses, they have a speaker right behind. Yeah. Whatever the arms. I'm told that you could be in China and you can have the AI be translating what someone's telling you in Mandarin and you'll hear it in English. I think we're really close to the Star Trek. Like we're wearing glasses, Chinese guy's wearing glasses and we're just communicating. So knowing that that's close. Now what if back to the 300 year old, let's call it a woman dating a 30-year-old man. That's safer. Yeah.


That's safer. We like that. And then the 30-year-old man goes, I loved this new show. Typically crossing, it's a great Show, doesn't It? Is a good one. And in the woman in her ear hears, I'm watching this new show, Dawson's Creek, the AI knows totally where this reference is going. So they can communicate, They can have the conversation. Wait, what Different references? Do you understand what I'm saying? Sort Of. But they're still living in the same world. Like you'd be talking about Taylor Swift, like let's say you and I were on a date, you'd be talking about Taylor Swift, how great she is. But I'd be hearing Madonna so that I understood. It's A cultural equivalent translator, Cultural Translator. So you can have the same emotional interaction and just be on the same level at all times. So all cultural references become the same too.


Yes. Everything evens out. So there are no obstacles anywhere. No. It's just emotion. I'm conveying an emotion. I have You say you like Raiders of the Lost Dark and I hear Tron Tron 3d. Yeah. I mean that just made me sound so much older than I intended. But these aren't real relationships. You're just hearing what you wanna hear. 'cause what If you didn't like Taylor Swift objectively, and I'm talking about Taylor Swift and you're hearing Madonna something you do, it's just translating into what you like. No, no, no. See, I mean my version of this cultural translator, you're saying Taylor Swift. Yeah. And my equivalent of that was Madonna. Now I actually feel about Madonna. However I felt then.


Right. So maybe I thought she was, I don't think this, well, I just think she was a stage show. She wasn't really an artist. Let's just say. That's what I thought. We Don't, we're Not, that's not what I think. None of us think that we don't Just, we don't Wanna say that. So I am hearing you talk about someone who's a perfect comp, and then I feel the way about, and then I go, and she's not for me, I don't like, But your AI would be so attuned to you that it would know If you say Taylor Swift to perfectly translate that to Someone I Love. Maybe it's not Madonna, maybe it's Emmylou Harris. It's attuned to you and your taste. Jeez. If the objective is to get along with this person you're talking to and create an emotional connection and get rid of any snags along the way.


Yeah. It'll just provide equilibrium for everything. Yeah. So in your version, like a liberal and Democrat are wearing the glasses. That's right. And the liberal goes, I'm so afraid the earth's gonna catch on fire. And the person hears, I'm so afraid of immigration. Yeah. And everyone's like, I know. I know. I know. Totally. Totally terrified. Which by the I totally agree. Yes. I'm scared too. Oh, that's wild. Okay. This actually brings me to a real question. First of all, and I told you this privately, so I'm not just fluffing your pillows now that we're in public. Fluffing your pillows. I like That. Not a really common colloquial. We go on this trip every year. It's the funnest trip of the year for us. Yes. So fun. Our friend Jimmy Kimmel host, all of us in the most generous possible capacity, the loveliest.


And there's a lot of things you could say were the bells and whistles of it, the location, the accommodations, the activities. But for me it's dinner every night. Yeah. It's a giant table. How long would you say this table is? 40 Feet. Probably 50 people. 40 people. Would you say? Yeah. That feels right. Everyone is terrific. And every year there's additions and people can't make it and someone else arrives. And it's always just fascinating group. So you can't miss no matter who you're seated next to. But, and I don't wanna rank, it's not polite to rank, but If you and I get seated next to each other, yeah. I'm like, this is gonna be the greatest three hour dinner. You're the funnest person to talk to. I love talking To you.


That is so flattering. And when you texted that to me, I immediately went and got Naomi and told her, because my immediate reaction when finding a seat at that dinner is if I'm sitting across from you or next to you, I'm like, I really don't want Dax to feel like he has to talk to me. Oh my God. And I'm trying to engineer getting seated across from you. And I love sitting with you too, because you're an inherently interested person and you're so fun to talk to. And I've always felt that way about talking to you, even when we didn't really know each other that much. You can just drop in with you and talk about stuff and you always have something to say.


And you telling me that was a huge deal because I also feel comfortable sitting across from you. Me too. Or sitting next to you. Like I'm immediately at ease. Same. So so much of our conversations, and this is where one of my questions comes in, we have a lot of nostalgic conversations. Yeah. We have a lot of the same favorites from the eighties and nineties. Yes. We did, I don't know, 90 minutes on against all odds. Oh, You had Jeff Bridges? I did. And I brought up the car chase scene and I asked how much of the drive he did questions. Only you and I would. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Juan answered. Yeah. Yeah. If I'm wearing the glasses I just heard now and then maybe That's a pretty good comp. Okay. Yeah.


He talked about that being the first movie he started physically training for. Oh, interesting. And how it created a lifetime interest in exercise. That's so interesting. I was watching a behind the scenes thing on Temple of Doom and they're like, Harrison really had to bulk up for this one. And it shows him at like a shitty gym. Just like doing bench press with those Plastic weights filled with sand. Yeah. Like nothing. He did some bench Press. No, nothing. He's definitely exercising. But gyms have changed a lot. Yeah. There's no trainer there. He's just by himself. No squats. No deadlifts. No, no, no. Just bench and some Curls and then a couple of beers. Yeah, A couple of beers and a dobie. And let's get to set. Yeah. But I guess what I was wondering is you have this deep nostalgia.


I want an explanation for it. And I'm wondering, do you think we're just that way? Or is there something about childhood that was so comforting you would recognize you are more encyclopedia about that whole era than most people you talk to? Yeah. You always blow me way out once we start talking. Yeah. You've watched the behind the scenes of Temple of Noom, my Habit, Right. In the last three months I've gone and looked at that. It's so comforting to think about that era. And I think movies in that era in particular were geared for us. Yeah. When I referenced Temple of Doom, that is my favorite movie.


I was 11 when that came out. That And Goonies and et. I know it's kind of tired now because our generation has beat the nostalgia to death a little bit. Back to the future. Those movies, at least for me, they meant everything. Yeah. I ask myself that a lot. Why did this stuff mean so much to me? At least for me, that whole period of time, from 82 to 88 when I started getting interested in beer and just a social life hip hop. For me it was like the dead. Why Do I think you had a crazy hip hop phase in high school If you, I didn't. I think you're Thinking of Macklemore. Oh, I don't know if I am. Yeah, if I could count the amount of guys.


You get that all the time. I know. Oh my God. That's why we wanted to do this on video, to be honest with you, to See if Macklemore and I, 'cause he's not here so you don't know, but Is he? But I think people would think it was Macklemore posing as Adam. Probably. You're right. It's a particularly potent period of time. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Peloton. Peloton can keep your goals on track no matter what season of life you're in, whether you're starting a new chapter or looking for a way to mix up your routine. Peloton is a variety of classes and class lengths that adapt to all the seasons in your life. Whether you want to try a new type of exercise from cycling to Pilates to yoga, running, and so much more. There are a huge variety of classes to fit whatever you're looking for that day. Or If you just want to try a new trainer, Peloton has world-class instructors to keep you motivated. I was at Molly's gym and she has a Peloton and every time I'm there I try to sneak up there and get a little workout. Steal a little sash, steal a sesh. 'cause it is so fun. It Is the whole instructor part and the class. Yes. And any chance you can make working out fun, I'll take it. Peloton is everything you've ever wanted to try. Whenever you need it, find your push. Find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


We are supported by Noom Noom Leaders in Behavior change. Weight loss now offers noom GLP one a compounded semaglutide. It's affordable starting at just $149 for those that qualified noom. GLP one is available and ships to your door in seven days. And Noom offers more than just medication alone. Noom pairs GLP one Meds with their proven weight loss program that has helped millions of people lose weight. Noom helps you build new habits for a healthier lifestyle that can help you sustain your weight loss. And with Noom GLP one, you get access to a doctor, a coach, and a supportive community all from within the app on your phone, ask your care team anything and get support with medication and side effects management. Noom GLP one starts at $149 and is delivered to your door in seven days. Start your GLP one journey today@noom.com. That's NOO m.com. Noom the smart way to lose weight. Not all customers will medically qualify for prescription medications. Compounded medications are not reviewed by the FDA for safety, efficacy, or quality.


We are supported by Better Help. The start of the new year brings you 365 blank pages waiting to be filled. What do you want your 2025 story to be? Maybe you're ready for a plot twist or maybe there's a part of your story you've been waiting to revise. Think of therapy as your editorial partner helping you write new chapters and become the author of your own life. I know for me I want 2025 to be filled with a lack of codependency. Hmm. That's nice. Yes. If you wanna start your therapy journey in 2025, join Better helps over 5 million users worldwide. Better Help is fully online, which helps make therapy affordable and convenient. You'll have access to a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. And you can easily switch therapists anytime at no extra cost. Write your story with Better Help. Visit better help.com/dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help hlp.com/dax.


Okay, last thing I'll say about this, then I started watching this Brat Pack documentary. Yes. That's another chapter of that same period of time. Those movies hit me so hard. Pretty in pink. Oh my God. Oh my God. Pretty in pink. Yeah. And the Psychedelic Furs and how that was making you feel. Yeah. But I was watching the Brat Pack doc and I was having the realization like, oh, we also lived in a very peculiar time where five of the biggest movie stars alive were 21 years old. I think of that now. And of course that would seem crazy that there would be this cadre of enormous stars. But that was a unique thing that was happening when we were kids that we didn't know was unique. No, they were green lighting like 1215 teen movies a year. Right. From that period. They still don't look that young to me.


And I think it's because they were six years older than me or something. They looked Sophisticated and adult like of course they were driving a portion dressed nice and had a big apartment and They were 21. Yeah. Did you have that Monica? Am I wrong about that? That's a unique aspect. You didn't have that when you were 12. Oh, the 21 year olds. Yeah. It was like a whole crop of movies every weekend. Yeah. Dad has Been Zach Aron little bit before. I'm sorry, that's A little laughter. Little. I'm not calling you a baby. Yeah, I'm a big girl. Harry Potter Stars. No, I was like the friends era. They were young. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I guess they were young too. But yes, older than me. But I was gonna say nostalgia I think exists because it's the things that you consumed before everything got complicated.


That's right. And also before you started wanting things for real, chasing things and deciding I wanna do this with my life. It was just pure. And there's only a very small amount of time you get in life of purity. Totally. And that window for us happened to be during this Spielberg era where Elliot in et Indiana Jones, the kids in Goonies, Michael J. Fox. Yeah. Yeah. In Back to the Future. These were heroes. Luke Skywalker Changing the world. Yeah. And they were all scrappy Nobodies. And Divorce was making its way into these movies, which I like.


ET is a very divorce driven movie. I was in a divorced family on my maybe second stepdad feeling like I want to just be in the world on my own a bit. Yeah. And all these kids, these protagonists in these movies were just kind of on their own. The parents weren't figuring prominently into any of these things. No. And I think that was really appealing. It sure was. Yeah. Get them outta here and let me run the show a little bit. Yeah. Let's see what we can do. Because those kids in ET were just like, yeah, okay mom. And they would just go up on their Bike. We're gonna build this alien on our own. Yeah dude. We're gonna outrun the cops. So when I went back to consult your previous episode, I would've not guessed this.


What number do you think Adam was Early? I think really early. Maybe 32. Right. I would've gone forties. What would you say first Five. Seventh Stop. Wow. Seventh guest that you had. Yes. I remember it being early, but I was kind of taking a flyer by saying five Seven. Yes. Seven. Not only seven but Monica, as I listened to it, the episode starts with housekeeping and it's me explaining Monica's a part of the show. She's gonna talk and she's not interrupting. Like I read in comments since she's a integral part of the show. Like it's me explaining. Oh Boy. Funny. Oh I just got like sweaty last. So funny. Oh, I got sweaty listening to the whole thing. Oh, How long ago was that?


Seven years ago. In February. Wow. Congratulations you guys. But obviously so much has happened since then. Yeah. Seven years. Oof. What I learned in a, a bunch of interviews I listened to of you today. One was I heard you on Fresh Air saying, which I thought was really funny, that you were just obsessed singularly on TVs and movies and that's all you thought about. Yeah. And I was thinking If you go into acting, that was a great use of time. But if you're just an average person that says, not all I've ever thought about and obsess about is TV and the movie, somehow that sounds like a losey endeavor. Yeah. Right. And I was thinking like just by the fact that you landed in it means that it was totally justified.


And what a great thing to be focused on your whole life. I think in the low points of trying to do this, that certainly crossed my mind like what have I done with my life? Because it's all I thought about and talked about, it was 90 cared, About 99% screen time. Right. And here I am with nothing to show for it and no practical skills of any kind. There was a real low point in 2000 when I had not gotten six feet under. I tested for that with Michael C. Hall. Thank god he got it. 'cause he was incredible and I was not ready to do that. Well That's heartbreaking. And then you're watching it.


Oh yeah. That Was a hefty role. A hefty role and a hefty show and yeah, Incredible show. But you played his lover ultimately, didn't you? Yeah, I did play his boyfriend for a couple episodes. So they brought you back. That's nice. Yeah, they did. But before it was even on TV and when I did not get the role, it was after a series of blows work-wise. Just not having worked in six months or you know, one of those, we all went through it and I was nowhere. I had been at it at that point for like seven years or something. Yeah. And was at Square one because when you're living like guest spot to guest spot and indie movie, you never hear from those people again to Remind people you and I were in one of those together.


Hair shirt slash Too smooth. Too smooth. This Is when you were volunteer. I was volunteer. But do you know what his role was? I don't know If you knew your role the last time Time guy at Bar Fan at Bar Fan at bar. Almost worse than Guy at Bar. It is worse. Way worse. It's far more humiliating. And who were you Vomiter at Party. What does Vomiter mean? Someone Who vomits at a party. Are you on camera vomiting? Yeah, I think so. Oh man. I hope so. Wow. That's what was promised. I've Never seen too smooth. You Haven't seen it slash hair shirt? Have you seen it? I've seen it. I don't wanna get bogged out on that, but you wonder who else was in that movie that I doubt you know was in that Rebecca Gahar. Rebecca Gerhard, nev Campbell. Yeah, of course.


And then our two leads, which I looked at the poster this morning. Our poor two leads are in the deep, deep background and Nev and Rebecca are front and center. Oh man. And they maybe have like, I don't know, three scenes. Nev Was playing like a big star. Hence you being a fan. Fan At Bar. Yes at Bar. Yeah, That's right. And me being volunteer at party. That's right. Alfonso Carone was in that movie. What I remember he and Dean were good buddies. Yeah, he played a director in the movie. That is so wild. So you and I have been in a film with Alfonso Corona. Absolutely. We are colleagues of Alfonso. That's clear beer. We are peers with Alfonso Coone. That's really, really funny. So obviously since then you have done a ton of stuff but Severance is the most spectacular thing.


Oh thanks. And as you know, 'cause Chris and I sent you voicemails. Yes. Almost after every episode. I'd like to play a couple of them Please. Oh hey. So we're in bed and we just had a quick question. Hi. We just had a quick question. Are you guys fucking drawing this new season? Yeah. Is that what's taking so long? What in the goddamn hell is taking so long? These are the kind messages you would receive up. Alright. You son of a bitch. You wanted the compliments were here comes the fucking complaints bell and I just sat here on the edge of our seat waiting to find out what happens when you guys come to you fucking prick. You piece of shit prick.


And that goes for Ben too. Losers. Oh. Oh buddy. Are we fucking pissed that this episode just ended when the switches were thrown? So you wanted the fucking cake and now you gotta take the rat poison to do piece of shit. Shit. Okay. So that's kind of an average. Was That for the finale? It was I think one before. Oh, the one right there? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. This ended up being three. Oh, Another thing. It's gonna be a long fucking week for us. Pissed and for you. Yeah, because we're waiting. So either block my number or get used to this shit. Fuck you. You piece of shit. Okay. And then the last one big Update, you'd probably find funny. My wife just ran through a plate glass window off the second story of our home and was rushed to the hospital.


You probably wanna know if she's still alive. I will tell you next week. I have all those on my phone as well. I Want to play one of your responses, which is so good. You Can't imagine how much pleasure it gives me to have the both of you over a barrel like this. I may as well tell you now that the entire season was created just to frustrate and destroy The both of you eat Shit. Guys are so fucked. Oh yeah, Naomi popped in. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh that's cute. But you went into Severance and I learned this from you. I don't know if this is secret or not, but you were involved and then Maybe you weren't involved for a minute and then you were involved.


So doesn't start on the firmest footy maybe or I don't know what you go through before you end up there. Yeah. But you go right at really what point in the pandemic? Well we were scheduled to start the end of March, 2020 or beginning of April, something like that. And actually went and did a table read March 7th or something. And then I was gonna go home, get all my shit and come out and at the table read they passed Purell around. Yeah. We were like this pandemic thing is fucking, this is weird. Yeah. And then as I was there just for like two days, shit was contracting in New York and I was like, maybe I should go get Lysol wipes for my room.


Like what's going on? Then I flew home and then everything happened. So we didn't start shooting till October. But even that, But That was early. That's fast. We were one of the only shows actually shooting. So a lot of shows were doing this where you have a mask, a plastic thing in front of your face and all that shit for the actors. The only time we saw people's entire faces was when camera was rolling. We would rehearse with all that stuff and there was a special person with your own box to put your mask and all your equipment in. Yeah. Oh my god. All that to say the isolation from each other. And in general because I would wake up in my apartment, go down to the van that took me to set with, it had a plastic sheet between me and the driver.


Oh my God. And go to my room where you weren't allowed to have anyone in your room suffice it to say the only real human contact was after action. Right. Yeah. So it kind of fed into the show. I didn't notice that your mom had died as well. Yeah. Right Before, I guess it would've been that table read Two days before the table read. I think the most interesting part of this is, so then the memorial gets kicked all the way to December or something or December of 21. Okay. So very far away. But what immediately happens after she dies is you go into quarantine with your family and it's like groovy. Right. You're with your family. Yeah. I think in particularly a time like that where there's the loss of this person, but at least you're connected to the fact that the whole thing just carries on and that's comforting and maybe misleading and then you get completely by yourself in an apartment in New York in this very lonely situation already.


And I'm imagining everything kind of must hit the fan at that point. Yeah, It really did. And it really was sort of from the moment I walked into the apartment and closed the door and it was dead silent and I was like, oh okay. I need to come to terms with at that point she had died six months before. But like you said, I was cocooned with my family, with the people who love me the most and was insulated. Which is, I guess one of the things love is for is to make you feel better. And they suffered a loss as well.


But obviously I was the one who was going to be grappling with it in a sort of a unique way from my kids in Naomi. So I'm in that apartment and I needed to find a way towards grieving and defining what this is and what happened. And I really did it through the show. I mean I, I sort of just decided I'm gonna figure this out but the show is about grief. I hate to say it was a good coincidence, but by God If you have to go through this Yeah. In fact that you got to play someone who's grieving the loss of somebody and your lonely ast fucking real life. Yes. Yeah. You Don't have to act really. Yeah. Just gliding right into it and very directly letting it out and processing it in the show.


There's a scene in the show actually where we were on the site of the road at the site of my wife's car accident in the seventh episode. And just by sheer coincidence because we shot the whole season at once, it was on the one year anniversary of my mom dying. Oh wow. And I didn't realize it till that day. And so there were things like that where I could pretty directly process When you shut the door to the apartment and you go Hmm, we got some dealing to do. Yeah. Are you overcome with fear for that process? What's your reaction to knowing that oh, we're gonna go through some stuff now and we're gonna be by ourselves and we're gonna get into this.


I'm a person who tries to compartmentalize and push things to a later date. Yeah. And so I busied myself with getting ready for the show and the election was about to happen and so I was preoccupied with that and so I closed that door and was like, oh shit. And really felt the loss right there. Like there is a giant elephants in this room with me, but it'll be there. I'm here for eight months or whatever. It'll Be there. I'll get to that, I'll be fine. And eventually after a few weeks and just hours of alone time because no one was socializing Really.


Yeah. And restaurants, you know, it was so weird that I really did have to figure it out there and I didn't talk to a therapist while I was there and I really should have. I did in a way sort of come to terms with it and come to terms with the fact that grief is something that is a flat circle in one way or the other. It stays with you. And sometimes it feels like it happened 10 minutes ago and sometimes it feels like it happened 50 years ago. Yeah. And sometimes it's surreal that that person is no longer in your life. It's just like unbelievable. It's really hard to imagine someone exists and they don't as dumb and simple as that is to say it is so weird that you can exist and then not exist.


Yeah. And someone that is so instrumental in who you are, you know, this thing that I'm doing for a living, when she was gone I realized that part of the reason I was doing this in the first place was for her to see it. Yeah. Yeah. You know? Yeah, of course. Yeah. And so when that was gone I was sort of like, who am I gonna impress? Yeah. So I had to straighten that out and sort of come to terms with the fact that these feelings and this love that you have for a person and their love for you doesn't go anywhere.


It's still here. It's kind of what you're made of. Yeah. The structure of you is that. That's Right. And a parent dying, it's like part of the sky going away or something. That's sort of a big thing. Well It's the thing you're most tethered to. Yeah. So when my dad died, I had these conflicting feelings of like a, he had become a dependent of mine. You were taking care of him, Supporting him. So unfortunately a lot of our conversations over those last few years were like, I need this. It's just not a great dynamic. It's hard. Yeah. And then, you know, I lived with my mom primarily my whole life when he was dying. It was a lot of work for me. So I had this conflicting, I felt a sense of relief when he died and I was like, okay, this battle's over.


We got him through it without too much carnage. That's a win. I had a misleading sense of relief for a few months and then opened up the door to like, oh I'm never gonna chat with him again. Or he's not gonna see anything I do. You know? Yeah. But through all of that I was like, also, thank God it's not my mom. 'cause my mom for me is the thing you're talking about. Like Dax wants to live in the woods and fucking be annihilated drunk all day. Yeah. And anything I've ever done positive was 'cause my mom believed enough that I was a good boy. Yeah. And I needed to make her happy. Yeah. And so I've often thought if she's not around for me to even think, what would she think? That feels like a very scary place for me to be in.


Yeah. I really rely on her to almost be my super ego. Just like in the back of your head, your mom is this very unique station. It's so fucking thankless. He wants Naomi. And I watch Chris and I go, my God what? Jesus Christ ghost. And meanwhile I'm walking around like I know. They're like Dad. Yeah. Oh no. You know that Nick crawl special where he's just like, moms are annoying. Yes. Like they're why Yes. So unfair. 'cause they know you Intimately well. Yep. In A, in a way that no one else does. Not your dad, no one. They just No, they Were in your body. Well they're who you Were Able to be scared in front of vulnerable.


Yeah. Even as an adult, something would happen. I would call her no matter how embarrassing you know that that call is there. Yes. You know, To your point, guaranteed I'm feeling better when I get off the phone with my mom. A hundred percent. She'd somehow find the silver lining in this. That's right. Horrific. And give you the kernel of whatever it is. At least for me, part of a son's journey. And I'm sure it's the same for no matter what gender you are, there is a period of time where you need to peel away and show that you don't need your mom. You've got this, you're good. You're A big boy now.


Yeah, That's right. And I already know anything you're gonna say anyway 'cause I'm a grownup now and but thinking back on that stuff is painful. But I think also just being a parent now, you just know you don't care. No. Anytime my kids are shitty to me, ultimately I don't really give a shit. Yeah. I almost think good for you. Yeah. Oh Totally. So sometimes like when they tell me off, I'm like, good for you. Huh? You got some backbone. Yeah. Not bad. You're supposed to hate me. From time to time. That's Right. It would be weird If you didn't roll your eyes and slam the door right now. Yes. Yeah. If you're lucky, you get two sources of unconditional love and then when that starts going away. Yeah.


It's so scary. What's left? It Is scary. We have the great luxury and gift of, I think what you do with that is you just turn it on your kids. It's like, I don't have that thing. I miss that thing. I'm never gonna have that thing, but I have this thing. Yeah. Imagine when you don't have kids and you go through the loss of a parent. It's gotta be really destabilizing. Yeah. Because you're kind of now not tethered to really anything. I can't imagine. Monica, are both of your parents with us? Yes, They are. I live with so much fear. Yeah. Of something happening to them. Yeah. And I think part of it is that I don't really have a place to channel it, but in some ways I think, not that it's a cop out, but like you said in the pandemic, you could sort of channel it with your family.


We're all ultimately by ourselves really. And so when you really sit with it, you are gonna have to process it anyway. Yeah. At some Point. Yeah. And the kids aren't really gonna be the answer to that. They probably don't deserve to be the answer to that. They're gonna bail like every other kid does. My son's in his senior year in high school and that's gonna happen in less than a year. That's awful. Oh my God. It's so awful. But Why, what the why fuck. Why is life structured like this? It's crazy. It's so wild. And you were so kind too. He came over and interviewed you for his film class. Oh yeah. Boy. Oh boy. Was that a feather in his cat?


Doing a little mini doc on cars and Dak Shepherds in his fucking, that's Pretty cool. Showing Pretty cool my cars. He's so smart and such a kind lovely person and into really cool stuff. It's the best, but it's going to be incredibly sad when he fucking leaves. Oh God. Yeah. Jesus. Well yeah. You shut the door to an apartment in New York and that had some justification, but the notion that you'll be shutting your door to your home. Yeah. When Frankie leaves and you'll go, we're gonna have to deal with This. Yeah. Now we just have each other. Yes. Jesus. Maybe they'll come back. My brother went back home for a while. Really? Yeah. For like after college.


Okay. He just recently left. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Really? Yeah. So you never know. You never know. Good for him. I was panicking for my mom because that's even worse. It's like then you have a really long time. I think you probably trick yourself into, this is forever. Great. He'll live here. This is just the way it's gonna go. She gets to make sandwiches for him every day and now he's really gone. Did she have to go through the grieving all over again? She Went to YouTube instead. Or She likes YouTube. I think she's Still me just watching YouTube. She's dealt with a ton of shit and she's figured it out. Where do they live? Georgia. So anyway, I was like, oh no. And also she just lost her dad and I was like, oh my God, my brother's leaving. And that's happening. Yeah. And this is a disaster. But she's, Well, you know what?


Know what? When that happens, sometimes the second time they leave instead Of this middle ground. Yeah. Maybe it's like, okay. I Remember when I came back in between years at school, I had only been gone for eight months and I remember moving back into my mom's house and she was a little like, huh, okay. Yeah. You're here now. She had processed in transit. She's already moved on. So there was some adjusting to The baby boomers did it quicker. They knew how to get through something really bad. That's right. Okay. Now back to Severance. So those are kind of unique circumstance in which you are filming the first. And so here's what happened. As you know, it's my favorite show. Told you nonstop. That's so good. Thanks. We got six screeners for the upcoming season.


Oh, you did? Which we were ecstatic about. I came in and I lured these few things I get over. 'cause Kristen has access to everything in the world. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm never offering something cool. And I'm like, guess who's got six episodes of next season? So, so excited. Sign in to watch them. And I go, let's watch the recap. I wonder If you've done the same thing. I had The same crisis Yeah. Of morality where I was like, I want to so bad, but I don't think I should. And mainly actually because I wanna be watching it while the world is watching. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's something about you being like, we have to wait a week. That's makes, yeah. That's fun.


It really fun. It's fun. Yeah. But that's not why I didn't watch the new ones. Oh, I watched the recap and I was like, hun, are you remembering this? Yeah. Yeah. And she's like, not as much as normal. And Kristen can really remember a TV show. Monica will tell you, we come back from Game of Thrones. She still Remembers a great memory. Yeah. So I was like, I'm inclined to start over, which I've done. I can't recommend this enough to people. You should start right now in anticipation. I'm Doing the same thing. 'cause Ben and I are hosting a podcast Which I hope to be on. Yes. Where we go through every episode of the first season. Then we'll be doing a weekly thing for season two. I love that. Yes. And rewatching the show, I hadn't seen it in a long time and it's been three years.


So we're encouraging people to rewatch the whole season. I can't believe how much I forgot about it and I can't believe how much I'm enjoying rewatching. I think more than I've ever enjoyed rewatching. Oh cool. There's a lot of it that feels like I'm watching it for the first time. Oh, That's great. I Think 'cause of the gap between seasons long time, but then also the density of it and the subtlety of it. And it's interesting watching it, knowing more about it. Yeah. I think you get more from it. But anyways, all that to say, I didn't watch any of the news season. 'cause now I'm on episode four, Kristen went outta town. I already decided fuck her. I'm going on without her. Yeah. Which is another rare, I don't do that. That's a tough decision to make. Whether or not you're gonna be honest about it or rewatch those episodes pretending it's the first time.


Yeah. Three viewings before we Yeah, that's Right. That's right. I guess my fear, 'cause I love the show so much is what do you do with a second season? Right. How long did that take for them to crack that? Also, Dan, is that the writer creator's name? Yeah. Yeah. The only thing he had ever written for before this was Lip Sync Battle. Yeah Man. What do you know? This Story he wrote for Lip Sync Battle, he sent the pilot for Severance as a writing sample to Red Hour. Yeah. And Nikki Wok and Jackie Cohen at Red Hour read the script and thought it was great and brought it to Ben. And so yeah, it was more of a sample like, Hey, I'm a writer. But they were like, what about this as a actual thing?


And Dan was working at a door factory when that sample was sent to Red Arrow. Oh really? In what state? Shit, in California Here somewhere. Good for us we're manufacturing doors. I thought that was more of a w Wisconsin Without Doors. Whatcha Gonna do Collapse. He's just the coolest guy and brilliant obviously. And he And Ben just started working on this and developing it. And Jackie and Nikki, I'm sure Dan was kind of scooped up from nowhere having no real credits. It's fun talking to him about the show and where it can go and stuff. And he has it all in his head. And also when he's thinking of something new, it's really fun to hear him sort of go, oh yeah, that's cool.


And then little cul-de-sacs and roads he goes down. He always takes an unexpected strange direction. But also as far as the kind of language of Lumen, there is no one who can really crack it and write it like he can't. It's a really particular thing that he invented and has a real direct line to is the strange phrasing and nomenclature of There we And Cure and this whole world. It's really fun. How much of Ben's fingerprint is on it? Directorially because, and I'll admit this, I had not seen Escape from Dan Moore or I saw the first one.


I don't know why I didn't continue. Yeah. But we just watched it, I don't know, three weeks ago and fucking loved it. It's Amazing. I just re-watched it too last week. And did you see the parallels? Yes. It's a similar thing. You're like trapped in a world. You don't have your autonomy, you're trying to escape. I dunno. It's interesting. Yes. I really zeroed in on this time watching Dana Mora how art figured into their lives because John Terro and Christopher Watkins characters, particularly John Irv, his life is really connected to art and the paintings and the rules and all of the sort of culture of the world is really important to him. And the guys in Dana Morra, Benicio del Toro and Paul DNOs characters, you know when you have very little, your sort of stimuli is really cut off, these things become really important And in Severance it almost seems dangerous.


You're looking at all those hallways, they're stark white, they're meaningless. And then the painting that he hangs up, it's like the most exciting. It's like the fucking sphere in Vegas in that world. Totally. And when Christopher Watkins delivering the new tote bags for the manual, that's a huge deal. Yeah. It's an event. Could You see all this stuff when you read the script? Not like this. The tone of it was really found during the first season. I think. You know, usually when you go back and watch the first season of any show that you know and love the first few episodes, it's like, okay, they're figuring it out. Yeah. Since we shot the season all at once, we were still shooting the first episode 10 months in.


So something that worked in our favor is us finding our sea legs was spread out over the season. There's No moment you can detect that. And that's to Ben and Dan's credit. Were You guys worried? Were you like, maybe we should put masks on and maybe we should redo the Covid experience while we shoot season two to keep the Tone right. Right. To keep our isolation. Because That was magic. And that's scary. It's scary. Going back to anything that worked. Yes. Or Works as much love I have for the show as I have anxiety about how we perpetuate this world in a way that ends up being satisfying logically. It's a big endeavor. You know when we started season two it was like there is this steep mountain in front of us.


Holy shit. Okay, let's go. Should like doing Pulp Fiction too, Dude. Yeah. And just the enormity of it. It's so much to do. And I love that. I love getting in and chipping away and I love working with Ben. Something we have in common is we don't wanna stop until we get it right. I completely trust his taste and his eye. And that's something that you have to have in a director is complete trust. And how often is that? But I do with him. I have no business saying this. Evaluating his career in this way. Yeah. But I'm going to. So it's like he did Tropic Thunder. He made that movie so big and glossy. Yeah. And Actiony, which is cool.


He showed he could do that. I was watching Dan Moore and I was like, okay, so this is him saying like I don't have to fuck with comedy. I know exactly how to do drama. And I feel like Severance is the beneficiary of him having proved he can do everything. And now letting in some of the comedy and the weirdness, this to me just feels like the total synergy of all the previous work. Yeah, that's really interesting. There's just like a confidence. It can be anything. 'cause the show's often hysterical, I think. And it's just all things now. Yeah. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Cook Unity. A lot of people think about their health in January and what you eat is a huge part of that. But if the thought of spending hours of your free time planning and meal prepping doesn't sound appealing, cook Unity is a great solution. Cook Unity partners with award-winning chefs from across the US to bring you an at-home dining experience you can't find anywhere else. These are healthy, balanced, and incredibly delicious meals made with the very best ingredients they use. Fresh seasonal produce, humanely raised meat, and even organic ingredients when possible. Convenience plus quality make a great combination so you have time and energy to focus on your other 2025 goals. What I love about Cook Unity is the variety And it's convenient, which I really like. We need that. Yes. Reset your routine with convenient mouthwatering meals, crafted with local ingredients by award-winning chefs. Go to Cook unity.com/dax or enter code DAX before checkout for 50% off your first week. That's 50% off your first week by using Code Dax or going to cook unity.com/dax.


We are supported by Liquid iv. New Year's resolutions are often about creating new rituals for yourself minus sprinting this Year. Yeah, that's a good one. I'm starting to journal more. Journaling, sprinting, take your pick. No matter what your goals, you can enhance them with the support of Liquid iv. It's an easy ritual to start that is scientifically proven to replace necessary nutrients lost from everyday dehydration. Just tear, pour and enjoy. Liquid IV has delicious true to fruit flavors to keep you hydrated. Like acai berry, lemon, lime, and pina colada. They even have sugar free flavors like raspberry lemonade and white peach. I love that pina colada. It is so ish. I love electrolytes. We all know this. Yeah. This is tried and true. That's your religion. Break the mold and own your ritual. Just one stick plus 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. So embrace your ritual with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code Dax at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code dax@liquidiv.com.


We are supported by Squarespace. Maybe you've got dreams of turning your hobby into a side hustle this year, or finally opening an online store. Maybe you wanna share your knowledge with the world and make an online course. Squarespace is the perfect partner to take your website to the next level and help you accomplish your 2025 goals. No matter what type of site you want to build, Squarespace can help you make it. If you're starting an online store, Squarespace makes checkout seamless. They're flexible payment options including credit cards, PayPal and Apple Pay. Make it easy for your customers to check out. And Squarespace has all the tools you need to create and sell your own online course. Start with a layout that fits your brand. Upload videos and customize everything with next generation editing technology. Create engaging lessons your audience will love. Then add a paywall and set the price. Take what you know and turn it into income. We use Squarespace to make our lovely website incredible and it functions. It's Pretty, it's effective, it's efficient, And highly functional. Yes. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial and when you're ready to get started, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dax to get started today.


Okay. Walkin and te Turo doesn't sound like you got to bond with them in season one too much 'cause you guys were in lockdown With Tero. I did because we had so many scenes together with walkin. I in season one, didn't really have all that much time with him. I had a couple scenes and it was incredible to just be anywhere near Christopher Walk and I couldn't fucking believe it. Yeah. Actually on my first day shooting with both of them, it was like six weeks into the shoot and they both were starting on the same day and I was so excited and actually took a picture of the call sheet and sent it to my friend Stu and was like, guess who I'm working with tomorrow, bro.


It's so fun to still be that excited. Oh my God, that's great. I was so excited but couldn't get to sleep because I was so excited. Stiff to like four. Oh boy. Woke up, not because of my alarm, but because of pounding on my door. I was supposed to get in the car at probably 6:00 AM and it was eight 30. Oh oh No. Oh my God. Two and a half hours sleep Set was an hour away. Oh no. Now it's rush hour. My assistant was pounding on the door, which means he had time to drive from set all the way down to Tribeca and Pound on my door. Oh no. This was the first day with John Tura. Oh my God.


And Christopher Walker. Have you bragged your buddy the night before? Yes. Which is the kiss of death. Right? My God, you're showing up feeling great about Yourself. Oh my God. I let him in and was running around the apartment crying, trying to get all my shit together because usually I wake up with at least an hour of just time to drink coffee and read the fucking whatever. Okay. So You finally show up on set. Presumably, you know these two legends who you can't wait to work with? They've been told our lead actor, yes. We can't find him. I just had to go apologize. And What did you say? I said, I am so sorry. I just flew in from China.


The thing that really sucked about it is that I knew, no matter what I say, it's gonna sound like bullshit no matter what I say. Okay, You're a guy who just slept in two and a half hours. I now have put myself in a position where I have to earn it back with these two guys who I don't know. And I've been working on this first impression now for a while. Yeah. And I am starting at a serious deficit. Yeah. You're in a hole no matter what I say, no matter how gracious they are, they're gonna be like fucking dick. The number one on the call sheet ends up being an asshole. I might have been tempted, and I don't know if this is manipulative, also just dead honest. I probably said to them, and you're to blame.


I was so excited to work with both of you that I couldn't go to sleep till 4:00 AM I Would've been a good move. Maybe bury in some flattery, but also that might've sounded you like, God, this guy's a pathological liar on top of being these guy's a drug addict. Probab. That's what it is. They go, oh, Just immediately went to, is that what you immediately think? Everyone is thinking about you is this guy's drug addict guy Relapsed. Ro was just like, oh, happens to everybody happened to me In the seventies. Yeah. Right. I have so much curiosity about both those gentlemen. They're in a similar category for me where there's this group of actors where I'm like, they're so intrinsically interesting and unique and different that I almost can't believe they can also act.


They're so genuinely authentic. I can't believe that Christopher Walken finishes work and then goes home and makes himself something to eat and watches television and goes to sleep. Yeah. Yeah. Like what? Or he is behind a guy at the parking garage arm who can't get his credit card to work and he's just there for 12. He's 15 minutes. He's like, this guy, Ah, should I get out and try to help him? Yeah. He's dealing with that stuff. Christopher walkin. No. So to see him in the makeup chair looking at his phone, I'm like, oh my God. Yeah. Ro is similar for me. I went to see his directorial debut opening night in 92 Mac. Anyway, I held all that back till I got to know him a little bit and then eventually kind of unleashed it all on him And did he like it?


Yeah. He's the coolest and such a sweet, who is he? He would be such a great person to have on. We're trying. Oh, we're trying. I would love Fascinating guy. And one of the great actors that we have, I mean, he is a beautiful actor. Yeah. That's another word I feel is overused. More so like 10 years ago. But beautiful. Everything's beautiful. Mm. I like you describing him as beautiful. And I have often described that, that whole storyline on Severance, it's hard to imagine that show without it. I know. Yeah. It's really the heart of the show. It Really, really is. It's beautiful. It is fucking beautiful. It's, they're both beautiful.


The way they play it is just impossibly perfect. They're really close friends and have been for a long time. And it was John's idea to have Christopher walk and play that part. You can just see the love there that they have for each other. It's very special. He was really taking care of Chris on set. Not that he needs to be taken care of, but he would come in for a scene every few weeks. He was just so sweet and lovely. And that's a rare thing to have someone who is that kind of embedded in our consciousness. I'm gonna put you in that category, which is, I think the most impressive thing about those two from the outside, not knowing them at all, is just going, yeah, man, these two are still fucking starving to make art.


Yeah. Like they're still dying to express themselves. I don't have that as much, sadly. But I see that you have that a ton. I think that'll be you as long as you want it to be you. That's Very kind of, I'll close on this, but you're Doing that here. I'm doing a different version, I guess. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Well, We're all storytellers. I mean, we're just, there's Three Story. There should be a fire right here, you guys. The last thing I'll close with is just an interesting conversation that we had this summer, and I've played it back in my head a few times to double check. It didn't at all offend you, but we were talking about the people that recognize you. I dunno If you remember this conversation and there is an enthusiasm people have towards you that you have a hard time accepting, I think, as we all do.


But I was trying to explain to you why I understand it very much so in regards to you, which is I think you are for people, what Nicholas Cage was for me, which is this guy isn't the high school quarterback. He's one of us. And he did it. He got invited to the big party and he's the star of the big show. And I see myself in him. And I think that's a rad space to occupy. And I don't know how you took that, but I know that's how people feel about you. That's how I feel about you. I'm like, oh yeah. The dude I was making jokes with in the classroom about the popular people.


He somehow is there. I keep thinking about Nicholas Cage walking out on that talk show and doing those kicks. Oh yeah. Yeah. That's on Instagram all the time. Have you gone down the full YouTube rabbit hole of his compilations of talk show appearances? No, I should. He's number one of all time the Best. I'm just gonna tell you, he's talking to Letterman about, he goes, you know Dave, you know I have this King cobra, it's Daryl or whatever his name is. Yeah. You know, I just love getting going from work. And I go over to see how Daryl is. Yeah. And I, I pull up the sheet and Darrell just kind of like, he looks at me. Yeah. And he's saying hi. And then all of a sudden he just says, fuck you Cage.


He just starts screaming at Letterman. He's doing, I mean This Cobra attacking the cage, The fact that you thought he was attainable is Hilarious. Yeah. That's amazing. I thought I could get that wild on tv. I could see the direct line from Dex to Nicholas Cage and I'm sure Letterman loved that. Yeah. Yes. Well, I'll say that. That is so kind of you to say. And I'll accept it just as much as I did this summer when you said it to me, which is not really at all. Yes. But I appreciate it and you're kind and lovely to say so. And I think that this show as a fan is so great. And it is where you're able to funnel and express yourself in a really direct, important way.


And I think you being so actualized and you journaling every morning is a really important thing. And the fact that there are as many people listening to this as there are hearing that healthy behavior from you, because listening to you talk about that makes me want to do it. I'm like, yeah, that makes sense. And without being preachy or self helpy about it, you're just talking about yourself and how you're living your life. And I think that that is incredibly important. And you're doing a lot of good just by sharing yourself in a more direct way than you would've been able to by acting. You're really kind of sharing your insides here and that's really hard to do.


So I'm grateful that you're doing this. Well, thank you Adam. And I'm grateful that you're doing this, Monica. Thank you. From episode seven to episode 8 0 7. Wow. What a gap. 8 0 7. Yeah. 8 0 7. That would be incredible. Rob, what would it be? Oh damn. Oh my god. That's a lot of episodes. So I just don't want you to let 832 episodes. Yeah. Go by between for sure. X visit. Wow. That's a lot. All right, everybody see Severance. It comes out on Apple TV plus on January 17th, and the podcast comes out on January 7th. Two episodes initially and then weekly as the show unveils.


Yeah. Two Episodes initially, and then one episode per day until season two premieres on the 17th. And then season two we'll have one episode per week. Okay. Wonderful. That's a complicated Schedule. I just gotta say this new season, we also add Alia Shawkat, who we're obsessed with. Ooh, love her Merri Weaver. Who I love to nurse Jackie. Yeah. Gwendolyn Christie Brianne of tar. Oh wow. Oh, this is so exciting. These casting choices are as good as it gets. Yep. Alright. That's all I love. You can't wait you for our next chit chat. Thank you everyone. Watch Severance. Thank you Monica. He is an our care expert buddy. Makes mistakes all the time.


Thank God. Monica's here. She's gotta let him have the facts. New shirt, Old shirt, new attitude. Oh Boy. Oh Wow. I Got New Who's rocks in Motocross Racer. Oh, is that you, Rob? Oh, okay. Did you take a little fall? Almost split. Even though you haven't done 'em before, apparently you can still do them. It's your New Year's resolution. Great segue to talk about Don't Die that Doc. 'cause he was working so tirelessly on his splits, which I guess he had identified as something that was youthful.


Yeah. Well, limber limb, you wanna be limber and flexible. That is, that's important. That's why people stretch and stuff. Yeah. It's just so, such a specific goal. The splits. I can see myself making one like that 'cause a lot of my goals aren't totally logical. Well, remember it's Max's New Year's resolution to Do the splits. Yeah. And you scare him. I don't think he can because If you don't learn by a certain time, yeah. I think there's an anatomic reality to all this, but maybe I'm Not, not according to Don't Die guy Brian Johnson. That's nice. You remembered his name. I didn't think I had it, but I do. For People who don't know, it's a doc about a guy who has sold an internet company and has some $400 million or something.


Yeah. And is spending two and a half million dollars a year to reverse his aging and try to live as long as possible. Yeah. He's doing it with this company where they have steps and it's all in like, it's wild. It's diet, the exercise, it's, it's his whole life. It's just devoted to that. Yeah. And I didn't finish. Oh, You didn't finish? No, I got, okay. I got to a part that was a critical part of the story where I think it explains a lot of his backstory and perhaps begins what led him here. But then I stopped and then I forgot to pick it back up.


And then I remembered we were probably gonna talk about it. So I thought, oh, I should finish it. Yeah. But then I watched Conclave instead. I did too. Not in that order, but I did see Conclave last weekend, which is not the type of movie I'm gonna run towards 'cause it's the Catholic church. Sure. But I'm gonna get derailed by that. I'm a little bummed you didn't finish because again, there's so many knee jerk immediate things you wanna say about this. And I was just kinda wading through those and trying to resist that urge. And you're watching all these pundits who just, they have vitriol for this man, like hatred. They're so mad at this man for doing it. Which I who, who cares ultimately.


Right. It's his life. Yeah. He made this money. He can spend it any way he wants. If anything, he's dumping it right back into the economy. So maybe they should be delighted about that. But there's some obvious things. First and foremost, you're right. It, it appears at least from the dock that is, it's his entire day. Yeah. And then, so yeah, the first question begged for me is like, well what's the point of being alive if the only thing you do while you're alive is try to stay alive? Which I think is semi relevant. But then also no, that implies there's some qualitative way to measure how one's spending their time. I'm choosing to spend my time one way that would not be pleasurable for me to do it his way. Yeah. So yeah, for me that would be a bad cost benefit.


But for him, I, I, I think he li he's very, very lonely. The dock is kind of sad and his and Sweet it's And sweet. And his house looks like a lab. It's so nice. But it looks empty. And cold. And cold. It's very modern. It's Probably supposed to be cold because I think you're supposed to keep your body kind of cold. Sure. And you probably shouldn't have too much color 'cause maybe that's bad for your eyes or something. I thought about him this morning, I was like, I am incredibly envious of his 30 days in a row of a 100 sleep score. Yeah. That's, I mean, daddy's Dialed. It is. But then for what I know then you don't, the energy you're saving is used to just like do the red light get a better sleep therapy.


Yeah. However anyone wants to live their life. If it's not causing harm to somebody else is fine. Yeah. Yeah. But I did think, spoiler, this is sort of where I stopped, but I got some information that he was Mormon. Oh yeah. Yeah. You weren't really towards the end. I think you're about halfway through. Yeah, that's probably right. He was raised Mormon and had a Mormon family before he left the church. Yes. And his mom and dad got divorced and the dad was, had his own struggles. Yeah. He loved Coke, which made me like the dad right away. Sure. And was in jail. He was a drinker. Yeah. You know, He's set up on all of these fronts to need a lot of control in his life. This overlaps nicely with the Aaron Rogers doc, which I keep bringing up because he was raised in an, by his account, a very, very constrictive, dogmatic version of Christianity that he found very, very cumbersome and you weren't allowed to question things and all the normal pushback.


But there does seem to be a little bit of a pattern where people who are raised in that and escape it, find their way back into another version of it. Just missing the deity. Yeah, Of course. Yeah. It's a discipline. You don't shed your personality that much. I mean that, this is like such a dumb anti anecdote. But when I was home, my brother is like always sick at the holidays and he was staying at the house and he like came downstairs and he was like, I feel that thing in my throat where I'm definitely about to be sick. Yeah. And we were like, Ugh. And I was like, maybe not, you know, maybe it's just a little scratch.


You're probably fine. And then he was like, well I know, I know what this feeling is. And then he went, but whatever. The next morning I came downstairs and I asked my mom, I was like, is he sick? And she was like, you know, if he was sick. And I was like, what? What do you mean? And he was, she was just saying like, he's just very vocal when he is sick. He talks a lot about it. He needs a lot. He needs. And she said, you have never been like that. You just went to sleep always since you were little. If you were sick you just went away and just went to sleep. Right. And I was like, huh, I guess I still kind of do that when I'm sick. And she was like, yeah, people don't change that much. Yeah, yeah. Right, right, Right, right.


And like a mom can see from day one till whatever, you could do fast math If you wanted 365 times 36. That's a biggie. 37, 3 7, 13,505. Thank you. That's a game. Is that In my head? No, it's more than that. 365 times three seven Is only what, 13,505? That seems like It's not that many. I did it in my head so I might be wrong. I did in my head. That's something Aaron Rogers can do insane amounts of math in his head. Oh, whoa. Yeah. Like his one kink is he can square anything real Time. He can Throw any number and he can square it, which is cool.


That is awesome. But at any rate, he has a very militant, and someone would applaud, and I have no actual opinion on it, but he is, he's in a five day silent room with no light. He is on a ayahuasca trip every few months. He's like, I didn't know that if he's not playing football, he is pursuing this spiritual path he's on. Oh. But with a veracity that just feels very still religious. Yeah. And then I of course am like, yeah, I don't believe there's a guy in the sky. I understand why you're rejecting that. But then there's also a lot of angles of this ayahuasca thing. 'cause you get to see him practice it a lot where it's, you know, to me it's just as you know, you gotta play drums and do the whole thing and the incense and the, and I'm like, or you just out in another, on another ledge.


Yeah. And it has similar things, rituals and all of Yeah. The same things that religion has. Yeah. I guess you really just community's the, the religion community is the superpower or the magic power, the deity, anything. When people get together and they agree on something and practice in a way, it's whatever. Yeah. So he is back to the dude. Yeah. So yes, he was raised Mormon and so in some ways that he brings that same diligence and work ethic to this pursuit. Yeah. But what gets really sweet and sad about it is he's very, very lonely. He, you know, he had this really bad experience with this one woman after he had been divorced. Oh. Who he broke up with when she had cancer.


Oh. And she sued him and said he should support her forever 'cause he's rich. And you know, I'm like, you don't get a Severance package when you date someone. It's just not even if the person's rich. That's not how dating works. You're not, you don't get a Severance package. You're not owed. Yeah. So the guy, but very publicly got sued by this woman. And of course people just because he is rich, he's the oppressor and she's the oppress. Yeah. Forget the other stuff. But also because she had cancer. Yeah. That's a tricky, that's tricky for I think for anyone to hear that is a little like you left for during that. Well, again, you assume they left 'cause the person had cancer. Well, No, but the problem is when you leave someone in their time of need, regardless of how bad they are, personality, I mean, this gets, just gets, it gets complicated.


It's A bad look. It's A bad Look. But you can't imagine you've been with someone for a year. You, you're already on the verge of breaking up and then they get a cancer diagnosis. So you're just like, I was already out. There's no way I have the capacity to now care for you for two years when I was already not wanting to be with you. I don't know. Anyways, let's not get him on with that. He's lonely. He has this boy and his son and him are so, so close. And his son also had left the religion. So he's dealing with the same, they can relate on that and the kid's gonna go to college. Yeah. And you can tell he is really, really scared about losing his buddy. Yeah. And all that's really touching. And by the end, I liked the guy, I guess is what I'm saying. That's Nice. Yeah. Yeah. So he does have a company that's helping him, but he also, he's going down to this little, you know, there's a smidgen, it's called like opportunity land or something down in Honduras.


They've carved out this little prospera, I think it's called, geez, the government granted this little area on a peninsula and basically total free market. Everything. You don't have, there's no FDA, there's, so there's a lot of experimental medicine happening down there. There's a lot of like crypto weird financial stuff happening. Got it. It's just free for all. It's a free for all. Wow. And he goes down there and he gets this gene therapy, which is just not allowed anywhere but prospera. So it's like he is got a company in a protocol, but he also, He's going rogue a little. He goes rogue. And then when you enter a path like this, I, I don't know If you can help but go rogue because Yeah. I am on the ladder somewhere.


Like I'm, we are, I'm doing things with the goal of living a long time to see my grandkids and I'm doing a lot more things than other people do. Yep. And they likely think I'm spending too much time doing that or whatever. Yeah. Maybe. And for me it feels completely normal. Yeah. And it's not taking over my life. And Yeah. Again, I think whatever people are doing for themselves to get through life. Yeah. If it's not and they're Hurting You on all is fine. I think people maybe rightly so, maybe not, I don't know. It's a scale of luxury. Right. Like this guy gets to because of his work. Yeah. Like, you know, he created this thing and he made this money.


Yeah. Got divorced over, worked nonstop because Of that. He has the luxury to devote his life to living forever. Yeah. And I think for a lot of people who watch that, they might say like, oh, that's crazy. But there's probably an element of, well, why does he get to devote his time to living forever? And I don't, I have grandkids. Yeah. Or, you know, I wanna live to see my grandkids and I have to work a nine to five. I could never do that. Yeah. And so there's just, it just gets hard. I would like to do something very self-serving, but I don't really know how else to get the message out. I desperately need a tattoo artist in LA Oh. I don't wanna fly anywhere. I don't want anyone to have to fly here. I want a, a good tattoo artist who is open to this is a total transaction going in and altering all of my tattoos enough that it is now an original piece of work.


And then sign me over the rights to that. Mm. And I will pay for that so that I own my art and can go short sleeve in commercials again. Got it. Is someone Experiencing coverups? Okay. That's a good way of saying Experience in coverups. Yeah. If you could hit me in the comments of this episode and I'll, I'll find you. But I, I definitely need to sit down and have someone go through and, and, and alter every single thing so I can have my arm back that was self-serving. But I've been meaning to, I don't know how else to solve that. Yeah. Great. Okay. That's, Anything else you want? Any, any appeals to the audience you wanna put out there? You looking for any specialists in any categories? No. No. Not carve conclave. What a movie Conclave was.


Great. Please see it. I think it's like yeah. A hard sell just based on the genre. It's, it's a Pope movie ki kind of, it's really not. It's about the process of electing. Yeah. Is that even vetting, electing TA pope. Yeah. And it's so much more complicated and human. It's so human. Yeah. At the end of the day, even though it's supposed to be godly and you know, above us, it's not, it's people making these decisions. There's ambition. People want power. Yeah. Yeah. And power. The things I liked right away is they are encased in traditions down to the tiniest things.


Like the way it starts and the way you, you take the ring off the Pope and there's a device that already exists. You put the ring in this thing, you chisel off this one piece and like that instrument exists and then the wax press and every single thing has a way of doing it and an order to it and all these little devices that go, go along with it. Yeah. I think to add validity and credence to the whole thing, I mean, I think it's very calculated. But I, I, there's something I loved about watching all these little weird customs that go along with this whole process. It's really good. Shout out to Tucci. He was Phenomenal. Yeah. Stanley Tucci was in it.


Love him so much. Double. Was Prada friend of the pod? Yes. Ray Fines is good too. Oh my God. He's so good. Can You explain to me why Ralph Fines is Ray fines? Yeah. That still is a big mystery to me. I'm just Not sure. Okay. But his name is R-A-L-P-H Fines. Yeah. Yes. And you pronounce that Ray fines. Yeah. That's a huge mystery to me. Yeah. I guess maybe his parents made that up. I don't know. 'cause you know his brother Joseph, His brother I think is, is Ralph finds spelled RAY. It's Apparently a, a UK tradition. Is It? Oh, it's Like UK to pronounce Ralph as rap ra raf strange English quirk where something is pronounced entirely different than how it's spelled.


Well his brother, the other, the actor Joseph. Yeah. Joseph finds he doesn't have a fun one like that. He doesn't get to go by like Zoe. Right. People Do sacrifice a lot for what they believe to be bigger than them. Not everyone does, but a lot of people do. I'm a Little more cynical. I think a lot of people try to do it and then there's just cracks everywhere in pursuit of that. Yeah, That's probably true. I mean, again, it's back to the don't die. Like, I think that's fine. Yeah. Like that's their decision. Yeah. I actually think it's a fairly noble one. Whether it's possible or not. I think the pursuit is Fine. Can I ask what's noble about it? Why is it good to not have had sex with a woman?


That's Not it. It's giving up your life for, to the service of something else. Got It. Not having sex part is a piece of that that they've decided. Yeah. That I didn't grow up in that so I can't speak to it. Yeah. You know, but they whatever have their own reasons for it. And it's A weird one to pick. Speaking Of giving up your life for your s you know, sacrificing. I remembered during the fi you know, the fires are still happening, but they're getting contain more and more contained, which is really good. My hot professor. Yeah. He was a firefighter before he was a professor. Oh he was? Yes. And I just, it just like occurred to me when I was walking and I was like, oh yeah, Of course.


Of course. Scotty had it all. I know He had the brains. He had the brawn. Yeah, he had the firefighting skills. Oh, he had it all By the time this airs all have gone to see the Lions play. Oh, fun. Which I'm so excited about. Oh, That's great. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Is it a playoff game? Yeah. Nice. They had a bi week, so they got to set out the first round of the playoffs and now we commence. That's very Exciting. Yes. They're gonna play the Washington Commanders. Commanders. Yeah. Okay. Were were they not So they were the Washington Redskins. Correct. Which Is a no-no, for obvious reasons. So they, they got rid of that name. But weren't they for several years, Rob just called like Washington football team or something.


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. A lot of sports. There's like a hockey team like that right now too. That's just the hockey team. Oh, that's kind of cool. They take a little while to name and brand everything. So there's like two or three seasons occasionally where they're not a real team yet. It's Just so funny. Are you gonna go to the wash? The Washington football team game Doesn't have a great ranking team. Yeah, it is at the Utah Hockey Club right now. The Utah Hockey Club. That sounds so aaa or Yeah, it does. Sounds really far down though. It doesn't sound like NHL. Yeah, That's true. Hockey club. Hockey friends. Detroit hockey friends. Well that's very exciting. Yes. I mean, I'm taking my boyfriend Aaron.


Fun. Oh, that'll be great. We also get to be on the field during warmup and stuff. Oh Cool. Yeah. That's very fun. Oh, I'm very excited. You're gonna be like the McConaughey. I Mean, I a, I don't deserve to be the McConaughey. Nobody can be the McConaughey, but of course I would love to be the McConaughey. Sure. And I haven't earned being the McConaughey. McConaughey has not missed Longhorns game. I think in 30 years he has left vacations. You know that incredible story. I told that Kutcher told me that he heard him partying very late at night in The Bahamas at four in the morning. Then when he woke up at nine and turned on the football game, McConney was magically standing on the field in Austin.


He knows how to teleport. He's the only one. Yeah. So I just, I don't even deserve that. But, and I'm also wondering if I'll bump into other Detroiters, like, will I see Sam Richardson? Yeah. You know, will I see any of these folks? That's very fun. Will I see Eminem who I've never met? If they go to the Super Bowl, are you gonna go? No. Where is the Super Bowl? New Orleans. New Orleans. New Orleans. New Orleans at the Caesar Superdome. You've been to the Super Bowl? I've Been twice for work. I went once for Ellen and once to promote chips. Yep. And as I said, it's the only ti two times in my life I've been nervous somewhere. Yeah.


I just don't like what kind of targeted pot I, I don't know. I just start ruminating and then I enjoy the Super Bowl so much being at home and eating the snacks. Yeah. And being able to actually follow the game. This was even a decision when I was like, do I go to one of the early playoff games? Or you know, God willing, they'll go all the way. Do I go to a later one? And I was like, no. As it's getting more and more intense, I actually need to be at my house watching play by play with a closeup and hearing the calls and all this stuff because I can't follow things all that well in person. Yeah. I'm not great at that. A little distracted. I feel like football's a newer interest and that's fun. Yeah. That's not my sport. I'll watch two or three games throughout the year tops.


Yeah. But I do generally watch the playoffs. 'cause I want to be very excited about the Super Bowl. Sure, sure. Because I love the Super Bowl just as a holiday. Yeah. So fun. And I feel like I can amplify it if I actually know the stakes and who went through what to get there. Yeah. So I generally will start watching in maybe the second round of the playoffs. But the Detroit thing adds a whole new thing. Yeah. I watched a ton of Detroit games. I put it as a season pass and I actually watched all the games. I know. I think it's fun to have a new, new interest as we get older. For Sure. Yeah. I think you gotta fight the inclination to stop being interested in anything. I think that's a natural arc of life. Yeah. You get interested in less and less things.


Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Tropical Smoothie Cafe. Do you know what time it is? Well, at Tropical Smoothie Cafe, it's always tropic time. That's because when you take a break and taste the tropics with their made to order smoothies, bowls, and wraps, every sip and bite feels like a little trip to a tropic resort. I love this idea of tropic time. It's that bit of brightness and refreshment we need when the days are shorter and darker during the winter months. Transport me to a tropical beach with the sun shining and the sound of ocean in the background. What a dream And tropical smoothie cafe just released two brand new tropic bowls. The dragon fruit bowl with goji berries and the acai bowl with Nutella. Try them today and get ready for some tropic time. Visit tropical smoothie cafe.com to find a cafe near you.


Have you seen the coach Dan Campbell Uhuh? Dan Campbell's bigger than all of the players. He is an enormous, he's an ex-player. Oh, cool. And he just has an enormous head and neck and shoulders. Oh, oh my. And it's really encouraging for your leader to look bigger than the players. Yeah. Like yet, at any moment he might pad Up. I like a coach that knows the game, walks the walk personally. Yeah. Like at Waffle House, when they have to work at a waffle house in order to be the CEO. Oh, They do? Yeah. They have To have, you have to Serve some time. Yeah. Walk, do the, do all the jobs. Break up a couple thousand fights at 2:00 AM Exactly.


Okay. JJ Reddick. The Lakers coach. Okay. Isn't he? We're Putting Rob to the test. You know, the funny thing is Rob knows fantasy football. Is that fair to say, Rob? Yeah. Yeah. Like he doesn't have any coach on his roster. I know, but In fantasy. So there's no reason for Them to know. I still expect you to know all of it. I did win Charlie's league this season. No, You had, you had Gibbs though, right? Yeah, I had Gibbs and a lot of Bengals players. And so the running back right now for the Detroit Lions is absolutely insanely talented. And he got four touchdowns in the Viking games, which was a Lion's record. I mean, he is young, very tiny and unstoppable.


That's awesome. Yeah. Okay. I'm right about JJ Reddick. He's the head coach of the Lakers. And this is a sad thing, but I, I didn't know that. And I saw he popped up on my Instagram because he lost his home. Okay. But I was looking at him and I was like, this is the coach. He looks so young. Oh, he, okay. This is now the age bracket you've entered. Yes. Yes. Now I'm at this point where I'm like the, what is going on? But he is 40. He, which is better. Okay. I thought, I thought he was younger than me when I saw and I got very Well, you're unnerved. I think you can measure your age in this very predictable way where it's like for a long, long time, all the players are older than you.


Then you have a moment in your early thirties where you go, oh geez, I'm older than all the professional athletes. And that's startling. Yeah. But then you still have the coaches. Yeah. And now I am at the age, Monica, where I am older than quite a few of the NFL coaches, which seems impossible most growing up. Those were all old, old men. And Is part of it also that they are hiring younger? I Think they are. They are. Okay. Yeah. Whew. Yeah. Speaking of age, 'cause we were really trying to figure it out while we were watching it. Nate and I had an impromptu dinner last night. Fun at Morton's, our home base. He was saying how much he liked watching the clips of Brolin.


Oh. And just how masculine Brolin is. And he just kept talking about how could there be anyone more masculine. Then we were talking about no country for Old Men. Then we was like, we gotta watch that shit. We still watch Once Upon a Time in Hollywood together. And then I just had this moment of, of recklessness and I go, should we go right now and watch No Country on a School Night? Wow. And we did. We came back here. That's fun. And we watched No Country for Old Men last night. Sleep Night Sleepover. Damn near. He left at like 1130 at night. Wow. On a week night. But Brolin is 38 in that movie. Oh, He's, but he carries himself like he's a little over 40. We concluded. Okay. You know, he looks like a man that's been around for a while.


And then Javier Baran. Oof. Love him. What A performance. I mean, he won the Academy Award for it. God, that was in 2007. 2007. That's So long ago. It's so long ago. Woody Harrelson's very young in it. Roland's 38. Great movie. Very unsatisfying ending, but great movie. I am accumulating a list of Rees. I would like to rewatch Minority Report. Interesting. Okay. Tom Cruise and Spielberg. Yeah. I'm gonna watch it tonight. I need to remember to watch it tonight. Well, this is good. We're talking about movies because Adam Scott loves movies. He's a movie File. A cinephile. A cinephile. Yeah. Oh, also we talked about words that have entered the zeitgeist, that people atelier, You know?


Yes. Things people are saying too much. Really? There's a new one. Oh, there is. Yeah. I learned, I learned that Elevated is out. People say elevated a lot. Like Yeah, It's, it's this but elevated. It's high end. Yeah, it means high end. Yeah. But No one says that now. No, we're not. People say it too much. Oh, oh, Oh, oh. I was thinking you were saying it was canceled and I couldn't wait to hear the connective tissue between Elevated. It's like, it's like everyone's just saying it, But I don't think so. Elevated is already a little pedestrian though. What do you mean? It's not foreign elevator. Elevated atelier and a, an artisanal.


Those have the, you know, appeal of being foreign and very exclusive. We were just talking in general about words that are just overused. He even said Beautiful. When people are like, ugh. Like it's so beaut. Like using beautiful A ton. Yeah. And app Elevate. I learned it's, somebody said they were so annoyed by that word and I was like, I do hear it a lot. My trigger isn't, did I already say about Glimmer? Glimmer? That was the thing that came up in comments a while back. We were saying there should be a positive version of triggered. Oh. And a lot of people wrote, oh, there is a term for it. And it's glimmer, Huh? Yeah. It's when you're activated, like if you're triggered, you're activated, right?


By a word. Yeah. In a negative way generally. But a glimmer is something that activates you, but in a very positive way. Oh, because I, some fact checks ago I was talking about being triggered in a really good way. Oh right. But I was like, the word feels wrong. Right. And then I learned there is a term and it's glimmer or glimmer and I like that. Yeah. But my specific trigger about atelier and Artisanal Artisanal is it feels elite. It feels like it's someone trying really hard to sound super sophisticated. And so that's my trigger. It, it wreaks to me of, of being a snob.


Mm. Whereas Elevated doesn't do that for me. Sure. You know? I get it. Yeah. I get that. But they're ironically, they're not trying to be a snob. They're trying to be elevated. Sure. Which is a little bit of snobbery. Alright. Where are, where's Skoll manufactured? Raleigh Durham, Its corporate headquarters, are located in Richmond, Virginia. And it maintains factories in Clarksville and Nashville, Tennessee, Franklin Park, Illinois, and Hogansville Kentucky. Copenhagen and SKO are the company's bestselling brands in each represents more than $1 billion per year in retail sales. This is a little bit tempting for me to get back on chewing tobacco.


No, no. The notion that I could be getting it fresh off the line in Nashville is very tempting. Fresh. Yeah. Minutes old. You could get it. Minutes old. Brings me back to the time we put the roof on the hotdog and hamburger bun factory in Detroit and we got to have hotdog buns that came right out of the conveyor belt and they were one of the most delicious things I've ever had in my life. You can't imagine how good they are a second after their marriage. But are they, or in part, but is it, it's so hard to know what's mental. It's really hard to know, I guess, but then you're kind of getting into placebo effect. Sure. Which is real. Yeah. Remember when when we went to the Hawaiian Sweet Roll, Hawaiian Sweet Roll Factory?


Yeah. King's Hawaiian Sweet. That, And we got 'em straight off the bell. And what do you think, how do those taste? Of course they taste amazing, but I, I also know, I, I don't, I know what I don't know and I can't know if that's placebo or not. I mean, hot one is just that it's hot, But it's like, it's not even set yet. Like the molecules haven't even totally formed. The thing that also made that King's Hawaiian Sweet Bread factory tour so awesome is that at this tasting station where we were eating them right off the conveyor belt, there was a block of butter the size of that refrigerator. I know. I've never seen a block of butter that big in my life.


It must be what they dump into the mix. And we just had these fucking spades that we were just carving off huge chunks of butter. That was amazing. And slathering it all over. You Know, butter sculptures are our thing now. No. Yeah. People are getting into butter sculptures. Oh. And So they should use that big butter and make it into some sort of Yes. Chisel away. Branded Every part that's not David. Okay. Now, okay. Is 27 the age you start going downhill between 25 and 30. Physically physical Peak, physically Physical peak between 25 and 30. That's not to say you shouldn't keep working on your exercise and your physique, as you said, you've never been in better shape.


Yes. I'm, I think I'm superior to my 27-year-old. Yeah. 4, 7, 11 chili dogs a day and a 12 pack of beer at night and pack and a half of camel lights. But I guess in some ways you were at your physical peak because now If you did all that, you'd die. I, this morning when journaling, I'm like, I, what is going on? Like I couldn't sleep for longer than an hour last night. Yeah. I woke up with a headache and my body's so sore and I'm like, what hap nothing Happened to Well, you been sprinting and stuff. Sprinting's not helping for sure. Yeah. And the air's bad. I mean, ev, we all have headaches. I'll leave this to you to decide if this's too gross for the fact check. It likely is, but I, at the same time, I am proud as a peacock about this.


As you know, and maybe I've shared in the past, a weird hobby of mine is, is I do like to weigh myself in the morning Right before I go evac. Sure. Because I'm curious. You wanna see, I wanna Know how much that weighs. Yeah. And I have been doing that for a year or two. What's the biggest, It's never above a pound and a half. Okay. There are times I look and I go, well buckle up, we're gonna, this is okay. Okay. Never been a more than a pound and a half. I swear to God. This was four mornings ago, three mornings ago I couldn't even finish journaling. I had to go evac and it had been, I didn't have a couple good days prior to that. Oh, okay. The first round was robust.


Then I was doing some posting then round, round, round, round, round, round, round, round, round, round, round, round, round, round round. Are you going back and forth or you just sitting? I just Stay. Yeah. Okay. I'm in there for probably 30 plus. I just read. I just read. That's really, really bad. People Hate that. Yeah. They're convinced I'm gonna get hemorrhoids. Yeah. But which you've had. And they can have a good laugh if I get 'em, but I haven't. Yeah, I Thought you've had 'em. No, never had a hemorrhoid. Thank goodness. You an had anal Fisure. Anal fissure. Yeah. I wouldn't believe this if I told, if someone told it to me, I got on the scale, I was 1 97 0.8. I was on there for a half hour. Isn't that an experience I never had in my life. Got on 1 93 0.8.


No. Yes. Is part of it water though? No. 'cause I'd already peed a bunch. But did you have diarrhea? But very Little pee came out. Was there diarrhea? What do we call diarrhea? It was like water. It wasn't water, but, but it was mud. Then there's water in there, Whatever the case. Okay. I three Xed my previous, I thought about that. Every 20 minutes. The whole rest of the day. Yeah. It's like hard to compute four pounds. Like at your body weight, that's almost 5% of your total mass in 30 minutes. I've never had an experience like that. That is a lot. It Was wild. Did you feel much lighter after?


I felt so much better. I had woke up that morning. Cranky, headachey, body achy. Yeah. Got all the poison out. Yeah, sure. And yeah, I felt good. I then I did my sprints that day. Were you much faster? There's no way for me to know. I just run as fast as I can. I'm just clicking my clicker. My clicker. So John Tarro, he said Mac first movie 1992. Now in the Wondery Plus I said he was wrong and he's not wrong. Oh, interesting. Yeah. This is really, I actually Think Speaks to the how hard it is to get facts. Right. No, I actually think if we go back, so I said he's right Mac 1992.


Oh wait, he's wrong. Like I read the same thing I'm reading. Yeah. But I think my brain, well definitely wasn't working that day, but I was like, no, it's Illuminata 1998. So I think in my head, 1998 was before 1992. Okay. But six years after, But actually after. Upon reflection. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, so he is right. He's right. Mack 1992. First film he directed, I'm not surprised. He's right. Not 'cause I think you're prone to be wrong, but just he is such a steel trap with these I agree. I was surprised that he was wrong and turns out we didn't need to be surprised 'cause he was right.


Yeah. What's the name of Nicholas Cage's? King Cobra. He has two Sheba and Moby Great Names. They're really good names for a king Cobra. Yeah. I already can't compute. Let's get some of the animals that live outside to live inside our house. Although I caveat to that, there are three birds. Mm. That going on now. Four months. It used to drive me a little crazy 'cause I'll be in bed journaling. I hear us wapping on the window. Yeah, sure. They fly outta the tree and then they try to sit on a little piece of the window. Oh, there's a little green guy. Oh, he's a little guy. He is about this big and he's green and he sits there and he like packs at the window and like flaps his wings. Pap pap pap PP.


Then he goes back in the bush, then he comes back out. Then we have these two larger birds with a big red crest. Oh. And long tail feathers. They are also on this when there's something about this window into the bathroom and I can't decide if they want to come in or they're just curious or they're confused. I don't know what's going on. But we have a veritable aviary just outside the window now. That's exciting. Yeah. Are you putting out food and stuff? No. I was kinda laughing at that. Like the amount of effort I put into getting crows to woo crows and to no avail and I'm doing nothing for these three birds and they want to get involved. It's a life lesson. Hard to get play. Hard to get. Yeah. No one wants availability. They Don't. No. Jesus.


Alright. That's It. That's everything. Yep. That's it for Adam. Well, I sure do love that boy. What A lovely man he Is. He is the loveliest man. I'm just delighted I got to meet him. And we're sorry that the crickets came in the middle of his sweet moment. Was it Audible in The car? I didn't hear it. Okay. But If you heard it, we apologize. Alright. Alright. Love You. Love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


On January 5th, 2024, an Alaska Airlines door plug tore away. Mid-flight, leaving a gaping hole in the side of a plane that carried 171 passengers. This heart stopping incident was just the latest in a string of crises surrounding the aviation manufacturing giant Boeing. In the past decade, Boeing has been involved in a series of damning scandals and deadly crashes that have chipped away at its once Sterling reputation at the center of it all. The 7 37 max, the latest season of business wars explores how Boeing wants the gold standard of aviation. Engineering descended into a nightmare of safety concerns and public mistrust. The decisions, denials and devastating consequences, bringing the titan to its knees and what, if anything, can save the company's reputation. Now, follow business wars on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge business wars, the unraveling of Boeing early and ad free right now on Wondery Plus.