
Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert Experts. On Expert. I'm Buck Rogers and I'm joined by John Lightyear. Hi there. Hi. Hi, buck. Hey, how are you? John Johnny Doing? Doing great. Doing good. You ever go by Jack? Because that's a common nickname for Jonathan Too. Presidential. Oh, I guess that makes sense, but I don't know why you would wanna be presidential. You already got my job. I do not wanna be president. Well, not president, but Presidential Ooh. Fine line. Okay. Today we have Allegra Castens. She is a licensed therapist and an OCD specialist, a mental health advocate, and a writer. And this is great because as people may remember, if they heard it in the fact check, I had apologized for perhaps misrepresenting OCD in general.


It was recommended we get an expert. And Allegra is the consequence of that recommendation. We Learned a lot And it was awesome. Yes. Yes It was. Oh, such a good episode. She has a podcast called Books Looks and Lobotomies And. that is everywhere you would get your podcasts. Recommend that Allegra was just a fountain of information and I learned a ton Me too. So thanks everyone for recommending that we get a specialist. It was very interesting. Please enjoy Allegra Castin.


We are supported by Squarespace. Guys, we have a Squarespace website that it's just gorgeous. That WBE wob. you You built that yourself using all the templates. Yeah. I sure did. Yeah. Easy peasy. So easy. The best part about Squarespace is it's an all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. You can get discovered fast with integrated, optimized SEO tools. and you can choose from professionally curated layouts and styling options with Squarespace Blueprint. Plus, you can kickstart or update written content on any website, product description, or email with Squarespace ai. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial and save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain with the code.


Dax,


we are supported by Sleep Number. Oh. Mattresses can be a pretty big purchase. It's kinda like a home. You and your partner have to shop around for one that you'll both love, that's comfortable and suited to your preferences. Well, I'm about to make your lives a whole lot easier. Instead of hopping around from store to store, just check out Sleep numbers, smart Beds. They're designed for you and your partners ever evolving Sleep needs. When you see it, you'll know it's the one. I mean, this just changed the lives of my bride and I. The fact that we didn't have to compromise on the firmness of the mattress and the fact that it can evolve as we evolve is incredible. Sleep Number is great because it's all about what you need. You can adjust the firmness to your ideal settings on each side. Perfect. For couples. The smart beds respond and adjust to your movements throughout the night to help you sleep better. My sleep number is an 85. Whether you need something with more support or something to help quiet, the Snores Sleep number has you covered. So sleep Better together with a Sleep Number Smart bed. It's the only bed that lets you make each side firmer or softer whenever you like your sleep number. Setting only at a sleep number store or sleep number.com.


He's in our Do you have everything you need? Water and everything? Yes. Thank you. We've got three coffees. You got water? We like to make sure everyone's prepared. Yes. Yes. Caffeinated. I've been dabbling with different types of caffeine drinks. Last week I asked for Cortado. What's That? It's different levels of milk. Oh, okay. But still tea base? No coffee base. Oh, coffee base. Yeah, but I didn't like that. Okay. As you'll see, Allegra, I've got Herba mate tea mixed with some Perrier.


This is a straight up chai tea. That's an old fashioned black cup of coffee. Chai. Did I say chai? I did. You did. Matcha. Macha. Sorry. But I was scared because you never drink chai CHAI's too much. I love Chai. I could have a sip or two of it, but 10, 12 ounces. Don't you think it's a little No, I Love It. It's very sugary. It can be. It's an Indian tea. I love the color of your hair. Thank you. I used to dye my hair a Very similar color for years. Mine was outrageous. Cherry Revlon. That was my mix. Damn. Okay. I used to do L'Oreal high color, but now it's the salon And Allegra. You're the first Allegra I've ever met. Really? Yes. That's so interesting. Tell me about this name. It's actually a wild story.


I was supposed to be a boy. The umbilical cord was in the way. So when I came out and I was a girl, they had no idea what to name me. Okay. Yeah. No, I was supposed to be James at Third. Meaning they literally were taking a sonogram of the umbilical card thinking it was a penis. Penis. It was a penis, yeah. And quite a long one. Ah, you would've been, I would've been end doubt. You have a different profession. Literally. And then I came out and they didn't know what to name me since I was supposed to be James I third. So they heard the nurse at the hospital call her daughter Allegra, and they were like, fuck it. Wow. Oh, that's Yani. Wow. Wow, wow. They Could have stuck with James the Thirdi. 'cause I love James for a girl That's controversial. But I like it. I like It. Yeah. Well that tells me a lot about your parents though. I think in a capsule, like that's pretty loosey goosey.


Willy-nilly. Like that's a chill set of folks. If they're like, they hear a name on the fly and they're like, fuck it, let's go with that For the rest of her life. Chill Would be one word. Okay. Yeah. I'm like, Be euphemism. There are a lot of other words. Have you met another Allegra? There's famously Allegra buses. They're a great manufacturer of motor homes. Interesting. I've met another Allegra. I was a publicist, so there was, I'm gonna forget her last name. She's married to, and I'm gonna forget this guy's name. don don't know how I worked in pr. I forget everyone that I worked with. But her name was Allegra with two Ls. And I think maybe the bus has two Ls, but this is a ding, ding, ding. Because you guys both presumably have a PR degree. Yes. And so does Monica. I also have a PR degree. You were employed as a publicist?


Oh yeah. I was a talent publicist for years here. Yeah. I lived in LA for six years. Oh My God. Were you working mostly with actors or? I had a few actors. Like I had Andrea Barber from Full House China. Oh yeah. I'm not allowed to say that I have a favorite, but she was my favorite. Okay. Yeah. And I'm like, you Just can't say who you hated. I would never Oh my God, but You can say who you love. Yes. She was just lovely to work with. So where are you from originally? Orange County. I grew up there. Oh you did? Yeah. So like totally southern California my whole life until four years ago when I moved to New York. Okay. So Orange County. What city specifically? Orange. Orange? Yeah. Yeah, the city of Orange. Where did you go to school? I went to school in Ohio for two years, 'cause I played soccer and then I quit after my freshman year.


So I moved back to California and went to Cal State Fullerton. But then I dropped out to work in the industry and then my OCDI just couldn't do school because of it. Okay. So as I was learning about your story, I know what your specific version is, but I guess it sounded like you were phrasing it at least one of the documents. I read that it was onset late. I had an onset at 19 and it was in 0.2 seconds. Whoa. Everything changed for me. Really? Yeah. So you didn't have any as a child? I definitely had some symptoms when I look back, but it wouldn't have been enough to diagnose me during soccer. I had weird stuff where I would stand in the soccer store for an hour and I'd have to feel out every Jersey until it felt right. Right. And it was distressing to me. Of course, in eighth grade I had two weeks where I was picturing my math teacher naked and like she wasn't cute to me, she wasn't.


So it wasn't for erotic purpose? No. It was highly distressing. God bless Ms. Chen. But it was a wild ride in eighth grade. So I had that for two weeks and then it went away and I never had it again until age 19. And then I had it every second of every day. And was there an inciting incident? I'm not sure of what order we should go in, but I'm definitely curious the physiological components of this For sure. And then also the nurture components. If something could trigger it. All these stuff. I will say I was anorexic at the time and it was untreated. So I do think an untreated eating disorder with malnutrition and everything else it did to my brain contributed. Sometimes I wonder if I wasn't anorexic, would I have suffered so badly with OCD? don don't have the answer to that question. And obviously it's too late to know, but that a hundred percent played a role in something that probably would've manifested anyways.


Right. Okay. So as you already know, I'm gonna botch a lot of this. I'm cobbling together what I've been told over the years and then my own personal experience of course with these different things. One thing that made a lot of sense was, okay, so I think I even told you in the email, so I had a litany of ticks really time consuming. I'm writing about it right now. It was like the amount of energy that was put into it's wild, both the ticks and then hiding the ticks and trying to find time to let a bunch out and all this kind of stuff. It was very all consuming. I met a fellow actor and she said she had this compulsion of pulling her eyebrows out. And she said to me, and she obviously had done work in this, I hadn't.


She said, well, you know, OCD generally is born out of a total loss of control and you latch onto something to attempt to control. So look, that might be completely wrong and I'm making room for that. But when she said that I did go, oh, when did they start? Oh yeah. It was definitely the moment that a stepdad arrived in my life. Maybe it's just completely correlated, not related, but is there any truth to that, that sometimes these arise out of moments of feeling no control or a lack of control? Well I will say we don't know the exact cause of OCD, but environment can absolutely contribute to the onset. So I would never say that having a lack of control would not be a cause or a correlation. I don't think it would be the thing alone.


Right. Because research points to genetics and also, what is it called? The brain. So yes, that That thing that's responsible for fucking my life up. Well There's like addiction as well. It's like of course a combination of these. It's a combination of a lot. But that does make a lot of sense because for some people OCD can be the brain's way of trying to protect you even though it's doing a really fucked up job at it. Yeah. Again, only 'cause I'm writing about it right now. Yeah. I'm also putting together pieces that I wouldn't have thought. 'cause when I'm writing about it, I'm kind of forced to try to explain the experience of it. And the easiest way I could think to articulate it is I would start the day with neutral luck. Like I woke up anew, I had neutral luck, I couldn't do anything that would give me good luck, but I could do a million things that would give me really bad luck and meaning something terrible would happen.


So I think that's where then the environment's like, well things were unpredictably bad happening 'cause of this stepdad and now my reality is unpredictable bad things happen and then somehow luck. Like magical thinking maybe. Yeah. Or compulsions to prevent that bad thing from happening. Yeah. It's just like really trying to understand why is this so unpredictable and where is this all going? And it's very tenuous and I've gotta be on it. And then also, so the first one really starts with I scuff one foot on the way to school and that's a failure on my end. I'm supposed to be walking without scuffing my feet. So I've done something wrong too. Right? Like there's some kind of guilt that I've done this and now I have to scuff the other side to both make it equal even and erase it. There's like an atonement, there We go.


Right? Yep. Or like a neutralization or a Punishment. Yep. And then this just would ratchet up all day long. Of course the one of the things I was juggling, but then I heard, I was watching a 60 minutes on people with super memory. Interesting. And they pointed out this correlation between people with super memory and OCD that they over-index an OCD if they have super memory. So then I thought, well maybe there's a physiological component that there's a part of the brain that's maybe a little more developed than it should be. I don't doubt that for a second. Because if it were just environmental, wouldn't everyone who had the environment that you had or I had growing up have OCD? And they don't. There are people who have really traumatic childhoods and don't develop OCD.


Yeah. Is it rare that someone would have an onset at 19 or is there nothing normal? Is there anything, is there any trends that we could say? 19 is actually a really common age. I found out from a lot of my clients, it's usually young kids. So it starts in childhood or young adults like 19 to sometime in your twenties. I have seen older adults, like even at the age of 65, have an onset. But that's definitely not the norm. And I don't mean norm as in right or It's not as common. Yes. There we go. Usually it's younger children or even early adolescents. The Same with schizophrenia. Yeah. Which is interesting. It can come on, It has a window. Yeah. But it can often come on later in twenties or late teens showing no symptoms Before.


I feel like there's two camps with OCD, some who will say, I don't know what it's like to live a different, like I've always had OCD. And then there are the people like me who I had a before, so I knew what it was like before and there's always the argument of which is worse. Well I could easily see one blessing of that. And as I've read what you've written, I recognize that for a lot of people they don't know they have OCD, which prevents them from seeking treatment. They think they're just goofy or wrong Or a pedophile or a murderer or a Rapist. So in some way your version does seem at least like minimally, you would know there was a period of your life where you didn't experience it. Versus if you have no memory where you haven't, I think it would be easier to make the argument, I am a killer course, I am a pedophile.


But definitely was helpful to have that before because I knew it wasn't me. But then in my brain I thought, did I just turn into a pedophile? Does that happen? It really did help, but it didn't help enough for me to set the thoughts aside. Okay, so this has been happening while you get your degree in PR and you start working? Yeah, and then I had to drop out of school because I couldn't read books because of OCD. I would read a word and it would get turned into a sexual thought. I couldn't watch tv. So the films for my film classes I couldn't watch because it sounds like I'm seeing things I'm not. But my brain would turn something on the screen into something sexual in my mind. And so I started a avoiding all kinds of media that wasn't related to my job. 'cause I had to do my job and I was failing most of my classes and had to drop out.


Okay. So it was having a big impact. And then you leave and then you get this job and then does it escalate to, we would say in recovery like a bottom, even though that's obviously not very clear, people have multiple bottoms, that's kind of a stereotype as well. Yeah. But did it reach a nay dear where you were like, oh fuck, I have to seek some kind of treatment for this? Yeah. So trigger warning suicide. I think it was about a year into not knowing what was happening. I wanted to kill myself. Not because I wanted to die, but because I saw that as the only way out. And so I remember thinking, I need to either figure this out or I'm gonna kill myself soon. A year had just been way too long of experiencing sexual thoughts and images about kids and family members and animals.


So I wanted to die. And then I was a colleague of mine at work. I was standing outside crying one day, which I rarely did. All of my symptoms were internal. So nobody knew I had OCD. I didn't either at the time. And she said, I think you need to see a therapist. And she called her therapist who then recommended a therapist in his office suite And. that was kind of the moment that I started seeing a therapist. But don don't think that that was my bottom per se. I think I had a few bottoms. Yeah. Yeah. Right. And is it hard to find someone that specializes in OCD? Is it a pretty small field of people that are qualified for it? Yeah, There just aren't enough OCD specialists. And then even people who say that they specialize, sometimes don't. You'll look at their Psychology today page and there's 40 different diagnoses and you don't specialize in schizophrenia.


OCD, bipolar. Right Know there's too many to specialize. Right. So even people who do often confuse OCD with either and OCPD or something else, or they just treat it like generalized anxiety when it's not. So it can be really difficult to find someone who gets it and then who also utilizes evidence-based treatment. Right. Okay. So at what age do you start a course of treatment that you feel like is effective or on the right path? I wanna say it was 22. And then you, I'm presuming decide then you want to go get your degree in psychology. Yes. I didn't wanna specialize in OCD treatment at first. I thought that everybody else's thoughts and obsessions were gonna stick in my brain.


Oh yeah. I didn't want the murder thoughts. I had enough OCD That makes total sense. I'm not gonna try to get sober in a crack house. Yeah, right. You go, it might. It might look good one day, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Totally. So I was worried that I would pick up obsessions or compulsions and then I realized this is my passion, this is what I wanna do. Yes. Okay. Sorry. And not to keep making it about me, but it was contagious for me. So I would randomly bump into a kid who also had an eye blinking thing and I was hiding mine. But if they were in full flare up, it would be contagious to me. And then we would kind of escalate each other in a way that like where our heads were gonna explode. No, that makes sense. And I know people will say compulsions aren't contagious, but my brain was so sticky that they did feel contagious to me.


I remember reading the Man Who Couldn't Stop, don don't know if you've read that. No. It's a book about OCD. He was afraid that he was gonna get hiv aids and he had all of these different kinds of mental compulsions. I started reading that and then I worried that I was gonna have that mental compulsion and then I started having that mental compulsion. Yes. And I had like a meltdown in the target parking lot after reading four pages of that book. So I get that they're not contagious, but for some people whose brains are really sticky, then you're like, I don't wanna be doing that whole ritual. And then you find yourself doing it. This might veer out of OCD, correct me. But one aspect of it for me is simply knowing what the Worst thing I could have or do is, is in itself sticky. Giving myself something to worry about is almost irresistible.


So yes, if I heard like Oh my God, this happened and the next thing they know they were doing this, I just would run towards that. Like, okay, well that's another thing we gotta stay on top of. You know, literally, especially when your nervous system is hyperactive and the fear center of your brain is misfiring. This is Just so tricky. 'cause as soon as you're saying it, I'm like, I feel like that's hypochondria. 'cause people say I have hypochondria, which feels like that. Now I learned about this, so now this is gonna happen to me. I'm scared it's happening to me. It's happening to Me. Right. And hypochondriasis or health anxiety or even health OCD, they can appear similarly, but OCD is different than health. Anxiety is different than even ticks or Tourettes is different than trichotillomania.


Like hair pulling. What a Word though. Say it again. Trichotillomania and dermatillomania. So even tic disorders are very comorbid with OCD, but they're not the same thing. Same with hypochondriasis. And they're like cousins in a way. Yeah. A lot of similar features. Interesting, huh. Yeah, I can imagine where someone had tics but they didn't have the component that was the tics. Were controlling for another feeling. Right. And There Is a kind, it's not a diagnosis, but a lot of clinicians use it. It's called Teretic, OCD. So it's a name for a blend of ticks and OCD where it's not just a tick presentation, but it's also not just an OCD presentation, which I'm not diagnosing you, but maybe you had something like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Okay.


So now I think would be a lovely time. 'cause I think a lot of people are upset. Really what happened, and this was lazy and not meticulous of me, but Camille and I had been talking about many things. I'm talking about addiction, I'm talking about Cab Ts, I'm talking about a lot of things. And at some point later in the conversation I just simply say personality trait. Which to be clear, I do not think OCD is a personality trait. Yeah, Absolutely. What I probably meant to say is that all of my different isms and compulsions and this And that add up to my personality, which I now have a lot of gratitude for personally. But one of the things that was very common in the comments for people who I had offended was, you're confusing OCD with and OCPD.


Which certainly at times I do do that. There's no question I do. And so it was very helpful to read the difference between those. And it would be I think very helpful if you told us how those two things are different. Totally. So, and what they stand for. Yeah. First and foremost, I'm so grateful that you're having me here doing this. I'm not out to cancel you or I'm not the language police. So I just want you to know that I am very sensitive to describing OCD accurately just because There Is so much misconception around it. Even Klo Kardashian constantly uses closed CD because I like to organize my cereal pantry and it leaves people so confused and without a name for the condition. So thank you for doing this and for owning up to that. I think that's the most wonderful thing in the world.


Okay, Great. Yes. And I think you're hilarious. And I love this podcast, so Oh, thank you. I just want you to know that it Must have been even more upsetting if you liked it and I did it. Yeah. I've had to backtrack things that I've said I totally understand it with and OCPD. So number one, it's ego syntonic a lot of the time. And what that means is if someone has a preoccupation with control perfectionism, organization orderliness, they tend to think that that is the right way to be. That's so key. Yes. We've gotta triple down on that point. It's very in keeping with their overall value system. That's exactly it. It could impair other people. I also wanna say that I'm not saying that, and OCPD is a likable condition. Right.


And actually someone was upset about my video about you because they thought I was saying, and OCPD is likable. That's not what I'm saying. Dismissing that. Yeah. What Does it stand for? Sorry. Obsessive compulsive personality disorder. This is what you have. Okay. When we're talking and we use these terms and you'll go, I'll be a little OCD in this thing. Got it. Yes. Where you might see excessive list making excessive attention to detail. People who say, I really need my spreadsheets to be in this way. They get mad at others often who don't align with the way that they view things. There might be excessive devotion to work so much perfectionism that can interfere with the person's ability to get a task done. But they think it's kind of like my way or the highway, this is how things should be done.


There's a lot of inflexibility and a lot of rigidity. I think people often also don't talk about and OCPD accurately, but when people are saying, I'm so OCD, I think what they're saying is, I'm detail oriented. I like to organize. Well that is not OCD. OCD is an ego dystonic condition. Well Now I will say this, and this is a time I misuse it. I am so uncomfortable when things that are hanging are not level. And I'll go, oh, this is my OCD, but that's my and OCPD, if I was gonna say it. Yeah. Even because it should be level in your head. I don't disagree. You know, like don don't think I want it level, but it should be crooked. I think I want it level and it should be level Totally And. that might not be distressing to you at that time.


Where if someone had, let's say, just right OCD or perfectionism OCD, that would distress them and they would feel the urge to do that over and over and over again until an internal sense of rightness is achieved. So There, Is that aspect of OCD, but it's also a very small sliver of how OCD can manifest. And is it fair to say as well, it's also specy, so it's like even as you're describing it, like yeah, I want it level, it should be level also, it's deeply unsettling in a bad luck. What? So it's like maybe, does it have to, is it a spectrum? I guess That's a really great question. To be diagnosed with OCD obsessions and compulsions have to take up at least an hour of your day or cause clinically significant distress or impairment in functioning.


So yes, technically speaking now there are more severe levels of OCD. Some people require residential treatment, whereas others can be treated in an outpatient setting once a week. But if you meet criteria we're having OCD, there has to be some kind of impairment in functioning or distress. That's a great metric to an hour a day. Yeah. Because right now, not a chance. Yeah. I'm not spending no five minutes of my days as a kid, it was a couple hours a day, you know? There we go. Right. Yeah. Interesting. Yeah. Monica, I cut you off twice. No, no, no. Well, I've been eating this burrito. I stopped, but I was eating a burrito kind of obsessively. It was all I was eating. And then I thought something weird's happening where this is becoming obsessive, but it wasn't causing me any stress.


But I also wasn't like, this is the way it should be. Everyone should be eating burritos every day. Right. So it was just kind of this like neutral obsession sort of. But then I stopped easily might. So maybe that's also part of it. Maybe the word would be just better used habitual. Like it became really habitual. I love that. Yeah. But it was a little more, there's some Suspicious going on. I wanna dissect your right. So was it a safe food for you? There could be so many reasons that people, I'm not saying you have an eating disorder either, but people with eating disorders have foods. For instance, apples for me, I had safe foods that I would eat constantly. So there are a number of reasons that you could be eating one particular food. It could be sensory issues. So I would be curious as to why a burrito for so long. Not that we have to do therapy right Now.


We're not leaving here until we figure out my moate. That burrito 14 days in a row. It Was weird. Like, please get therapy. It was so weird. Yeah. I mean it started out as just tasty. And then it became like, well this is, I really don't know what happened, but I needed to have it every day. And then it became the only thing I was eating every day. And then honestly, part of it, I was getting so full on it. I think it was like, this is kind of a hack. I just have to eat this once we go a day. And then it's hard to feel like, I think this is weird for me, this probably is becoming unhealthy. I don't have an eating disorder. Yeah. I've never struggled with that. But this is feeling a little adjacent. Adjacent in a way that I'm not comfortable with.


Right. Because you need more food than a burrito during the day. For sure. I Do think so. Yeah. And it could be a fixation. I mean, I sometimes will eat Chipotle multiple times a week. You know, it doesn't have anything to do with my OCD. It's just a fixation. And what tastes good. Yeah. Could be that too. But we often use obsession or I'm so OCD to describe so many things. Yes. That just aren't Yes, Yes, yes, yes. Now. And we're getting along so well and I like this so much. Truly. Were you worried? No, not at all. I don't think you would've come if you absolutely not weren't. Yeah. Yeah. I think that said everything about both of us, that we would want to sit down and chat. Of course. One part I can't relate to tremendously. Yeah. But now that I've read a bunch of what you've written, it certainly makes more sense. But if I hear a guy on a podcast saying he's an alcoholic 'cause he drank too much one Saturday night, I don't care.


I can't relate to being upset. People are using it wrong. And I'm curious why it's upsetting. And I think it's well-founded and I just would love for you to explain of, so if We're gonna go with the addiction and the alcoholism example, I think most people know what addiction is. And I think that there's a difference with OCD. If I could have from day one known that that was OCD, I would've saved myself a lot of pain and suffering. And I didn't, it took aspects of my life that I will never be able to get back. And the OCD community in particular gets very activated about that because there just is very little representation. You have such an amazing audience by doing this episode, you're saving so many lives. So I think people especially want people who have platforms to talk about the condition accurately.


Like maybe in 20 years we'll be in a spot where it's like, like Everyone knows what, right? Yeah. But we don't, right now, even on Instagram, when I post about sexual intrusive thoughts, it's, there's another white woman promoting bestiality. And it's like, that's definitely not what this is. Right. But you know, people just don't know about it. So then when we keep hearing, I'm so OCD or whatever it might be, it really impacts people's lives and it prevents them from getting the help they need. Well, what I really got a lot of understanding out of was you writing about the five taboo and very common OCD obsessions. Oh yeah. Because it started to make a lot of sense, which is if your garden variety knowledge of OCD is checking the locks twice, or as you say in in media, what's most commonly presented.


And certainly I agree, is someone washing their hands a lot. That's like what we like in movies. Well first of all, it's very visual. So Yes. Right. The internal stuff is a little bit harder. So if the common colloquial understanding of OCD is that then when you're wrestling with these five taboo OCDs, any one of 'em are a combination of them, you think you're uniquely broken. Not that you have this thing. 'cause this thing is checking your door locks, which you don't do. So you don't even know. And then I was like, yeah, that makes a ton of sense. That's very, very valid. Right. The locks and the washing and the sanitizing. Such a small portion. Not necessarily small in terms of not a lot of people have it, but if we're looking at just writer contamination obsessions, there's also violent obsessions, postpartum obsessions, sexual obsessions.


OCD spans so much more than that. But that's all we hear about. As if that's a hundred percent of the condition Right now. Okay. I wanna go through the five taboos. 'cause Yeah, this must be so distressing to be trying to evaluate what you are in spite of all these intrusive thoughts. Right. And I also think just really quick, 'cause I found myself figuring out the difference as I was reading obsessive and compulsive. These are kind of two pieces of something. It's an order. Yes. So obsession is repetitive, unwanted thoughts, images, or urges that are intrusive and often distressing for the person. So it's recurrent. It's not just one thought that pops in. Like I think I heard you say, well I have intrusive thoughts from time to time.


We all do. People without OCD can let them go. It's like, that was an odd thought. And you move on with your day. For the person with OCD, it sticks, it multiplies and it replays all day long. That is the obsession. It could be a what if, so what if I'm a pedophile? It could be a sexual phrase. I used to have so many of those. And then that causes a lot of discomfort. Whether that's anxiety, panic, guilt, shame. And the person feels compelled to perform the compulsion, the physical or mental act that the person is performing to neutralize the obsession, to prevent that bad thing from happening, to solve the obsession, to alleviate the discomfort. And. that just reinforces the obsession. And you're stuck in that.


Yeah. So that's great. So I guess when I was thinking about it is like the compulsivity is what you're observing, but that might not even be reflective of the obsession. They might not Be connected, you're saying. Right? Well, just like, yeah, if you were observing someone from the outside and you notice that they have some of these compuls, it's not so intuitive. It's like how they're choosing to regulate and address and fix and nullify. The obsession isn't so direct. It can be, but also it might not be. Right. Some people with sexual obsessions will wash, let's say their vagina or penis after having an unwanted thought because they think that that's the thing that neutralizes it To the outsider, it would be like, why are you washing that during the middle of your work day?


18 times. You Even think they were a germa fall. There we go. Oh yeah. So you can't always tell. Or it could be, if I don't tap this wood, then I'm going to snap in my sleep and kill my child. Right. And people wouldn't think that the tapping of the wood has something to do with that. And you also don't always see people's compulsions. Mine are all mental. Nobody would've ever known that I was performing compulsions because they all happened in the mind. Right. Did you know? So when I said I have intrusive thoughts, yeah, totally I do. And at this point, I do think they go away. But I did have a period of time after a major family incident where I was having intrusive thoughts. I could not stop. And the thought was, what if I kill myself because there was a suicide incident and I thought this was PTSD for a while, but maybe it wasn't because it would just be like flashes of what if I've done that, but not will I do it.


It's just if I looked down and it had happened sort of interesting and it was constant and it was debilitating, Absolutely. But I don't think I had any compulsions to neutralize it that I know of. Okay. Were you ruminating? Were you analyzing? For sure. Boom. Compulsion. Right? So if you're trying to figure the obsession out in your mind, like, well, would I do that? Congratulations, I did it. We all three. And I didn't know when I was struggling that I was doing mental compulsions. I thought it was all obsessions, but I was trying to solve it in my head, trying to get rid of the thought. Even if you're trying to suppress it and push it away, mental compulsion. But it's tough because there are also intrusive thoughts with PTSD.


So I see why your brain went there. Yeah. Maybe it is that don don't know. And intrusive thoughts with PTSD tend to be more so about the trauma that occurred and the person might be avoiding things 'cause they don't wanna relive that trauma. Where OCD is more this irrational fear that is popping up. It seems like A weird combo. Maybe It's, I was gonna say, I see both in yours, not that I'm diagnosing you. No, no. You're allowed to. By the way, we're happy to take any, I mean, your license is your issue, not ours. Feel free to let the diagnoses fly. I feel like I wanna know more. Stay tuned for more Armchair Expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Squarespace. Guys, we have a Squarespace website that it's just gorgeous. That WBE wob. you You built that yourself using all the templates. Yeah, I sure did. Yeah. Easy peasy. So easy. Well, the best part about Squarespace is it's an all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. You can get discovered fast with integrated, optimized SEO tools. And you can choose from professionally curated layouts and styling options with Squarespace Blueprint. Plus, you can kickstart or update written content on any website, product description, or email with Squarespace ai. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial and save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain with the code Dax.


We are supported by BetterHelp. It's easy to look at someone else and think, gosh, I wish I had their life. But you know, comparing your life to others never ends. Well, the truth is, their life probably isn't nearly as glamorous or put together as you think. So stop focusing on them and focus on you if you need a little help with that. I recommend therapy. I'm a big fan of the same. I don't compare myself to other people. Yeah. I only compare myself to earlier versions of Myself. Yeah, I like that. Have you heard the one comparison is the thief of Joy? Yes. That's a good one too. It is. If you want to give therapy a chance, start with BetterHelp. It's entirely online and designed to be convenient to get started. All you have to do is fill out a brief questionnaire and you'll be matched with a licensed therapist. So stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ Dax.


We are supported by ZipRecruiter. Oh, get recruiting. You know, getting your first summer job. It's like a rite of passage. You know, I de tased corn And. that was not just my, that was a family rite of passage when you were a young man, you had to go down to those corn fields and sweat. Sure. Yeah. That's important. What was your first Job? I taught gymnastics at Fantastic Gymnastics. Oh, wonderful. If you're hiring for a role like that or any other, you're going to wanna find top talent while you still can. And the best place to find it is ZipRecruiter right now. You can try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash Dax. ZipRecruiter will work fast to find the people you need and I mean fast as soon as you post your job. It's powerful. Matching technology will get to work and start showing you qualified candidates for your role. Gear up for summer with ZipRecruiter's high speed hiring tools. See why four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Just go to this exclusive web address right now to try ZipRecruiter for free. ZipRecruiter dot com slash Dax. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash Dax. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire.


Okay. So another really relevant part of all this, and you said it a second ago, but I think it's worth really drilling into, and maybe we could start, there's five, but pedophile obsession seems the best place to start to illustrate the difference between an OCD or a pedophile OCD person has versus a pedophile. You just dropped it quickly, but there's a great term. Yes. Ego dystonic versus ego syn, syntonic. Okay. So give us a picture of what someone's struggling with pedophile obsession is going through and how much it doesn't align. There are a couple of moving parts to this.


The first is the egodystonic nature of OCD. And what that means is the obsessions are opposite to the person's values, desires, self-concept, what they know about themselves. So they're having all of these unwanted thoughts that don't line up with who they are. Could be what if I'm a pedophile? It could be, what if I snap and sexually molested child? What if I molested a kid in the past and I just forgot? So there's kind of different variations of it. And it is the farthest thing from a pedophile. People with POCD commonly avoid kids because they want to make absolutely sure that nothing bad happens to the kid. Or new moms who have this will lock themselves in their bedroom and make their partner take care of the kid because they want their kid to be safe.


People with POCD often don't wanna see kids 'cause they don't want to have the thoughts. That differs greatly from a pedophile who does align with the arousal, the desire, the attraction to pre p scent children, even if they don't act on it. Well, I was gonna say, even they don't act on it. They're masturbating to it, Presumably often masturbating to it. Or they still know I am attracted to children. And that's not the person with OCD. The person is doubting what they know when they have OCD. It's what if I'm a pedophile, even though I know that I'm not. And it's wild. 'cause it's like, but don't you just know that you're not. But when you have OCD, it is not that simple. I knew I wasn't, but when you are being bombarded with a thousand million intrusive thoughts a day, get like naked images of children pop into my mind.


And then you feel something. 'cause you're having a sexual thought. It's not as simple as don't you just know that you're not. It's a doubting disorder and your brain is not firing in the way that someone's brain without OCD is Like this abstract fear based in nothing, Based in literally nothing. But then I'm sitting there all day long like am I a pedophile? Even though I know I'm not. It seems like the biggest waste of your time, but like I just couldn't get it out of my mind. Yeah, and you would, although this could be part of the compulsion. I was gonna say you would never go search for images like a pedophile would. But also I could see a part of the compulsion, which is I actually need to look at those to prove to myself, don don't. Mm. Yes. Like It. I'm so glad that you said that.


And there was actually a battle in one of my videos in the comment section the other day. So most people with POCD don't. That is a huge fear of theirs. Even so much so that when they're watching porn, if the word teen is in, I'll have clients come in and say, Oh my God, am I a pedophile? Because I watched one that said teen. And it's like they're over 18. I mean, I would hope, I will say that there are definitely some people who have looked at it to prove to themselves that they are not And. that is a whole different beast because then they feel so much shame that they've done it. Oh gosh. And they're not pedophiles. But you are so deep in it. You are struggling immensely. And you think by looking at this thing, I'm gonna finally have the answer. I'm gonna know that I'm not.


Now what probably happens is you feel something down there because when we have sexual thoughts, even if we don't align with them, we tend to feel something. I would even argue like that is the pervasive nature of suppression almost. There's something really interesting about suppression and fear that it's all together somehow. Oh, for sure. There are people with OCD who unfortunately have looked at that compulsively. That does not mean that they are a pedophile. They don't align with it. Even if they're having a groin response. Again, trigger warning rape, people who have been assaulted, they might orgasm 'cause the body responds. Yeah. So even feeling something when you have a sexual thought doesn't mean you desire it or align with it. Yeah. Or whatever.


Want to experience that in your real life. Yeah. Oh god. Yeah. So yeah, we went through some of them, but I wrote down some that I think are interesting. Well also, could you explain to us the difference between these two very common things? There's the what if, and then there's the command obsession. So there's like two different Yes. Thank you For addressing That. Columns of this. I Think that some people think that to have an obsession, it has to start with what if or to have an intrusive thought. It has to start with what if, like what if I'm a pedophile? People also get intrusive thoughts like you are a pedophile, or people with harm obsessions might get intrusive thoughts like kill them or rape them. Where you feel like it's your brain telling you to do something or that you want to do something that you absolutely don't.


It's still an intrusive thought and it doesn't mean that you're any more likely to act on it. And I think those scare people more because it's like if my brain is telling me you are a pedophile, then I really must be. Yeah, Your brain's telling you all The things. Right. It doesn't. So how do You know what's real and what's not real? Right. So it might not show up as neatly as what if I'm a pedophile? It might be you are a pedophile or sexual images of children or sexual phrases or even like noises in people's minds. Yes. Very graphic. It's not a fun time. Okay. And now at the risk of perpetuating another stereotype, I can't help but resist the overlap between that in the Call of the void, which is something I think people are very familiar with.


And I'm wondering how you think about that. So a lot of people experience standing on a skyscraper and the voice is telling them, jump off the building. Jump off the building jump. Now I get that a ton. Oh yeah. I can almost not stand on a tall building. Oh yeah. Because my brain's screaming jump. I wonder if that could help people understand this. 'cause although that's probably not OCD and if you're only on top of a skyscraper and it's happening, not a disorder. But if you've experienced that, perhaps that's a way You can kind of understand that. I'm so glad you described that because when you said the call of the void, I had no idea what we were talking about. Oh, okay. I Was like, Oh my God, this is gonna be the one question I can't answer. Okay. They call that the call of the void. I have new language.


That's wonderful. So that is exactly it for people with OCD. And I don't necessarily like that we describe OCD or obsession sometimes as urges because I think that implies that a person desires it. When we hear, I have the urge to go to in and out, or I have the urge to have sex with X, Y, and Z. We think of that as you really want to do it for the person with OCD. It's more of a really strong feeling internally that's paired with a scary thought and they don't wanna do it. When you're standing on a tall building, you might feel this internal pull, but it's not an urge per se because you're not wanting to jump off the building for the person with harmo CD who's holding a knife and they have this buildup inside where they feel like I could just snap and do it right now.


They don't want to do that. It's the perfect example except for the person with OCD. It's all consuming And all the time and a myriad of different things, not just a tall building. Yeah, yeah. But I like call the void and I often use it to explain how I'm feeling in certain other situations. It's like I identify the thing I don't want to happen the most, which is fall off this building and then the brain starts relentlessly telling me to get it over with and do It. Oh yeah. Or like shouting out a slur in public. Yes. Yes, exactly. I get it on airplanes. I've gotten it at weddings where it's like, just yell this word out and I'm sitting there like, don't do it. Don't do it. And now I know what it is. So it doesn't bother me as much when my OCD was bad, that consumed me. Like it might happen. You might, Yeah.


Oh yeah. So much so that I was worried that I would pick up my phone in the middle of the night and call someone and like say something. It got wild when my OCD was bad. And again, there's the version of that that most people can touch, which is like you walk into a room, there's four people, one person has no legs and you're like, oh, don't say anything about legs. Don't, and don't talk about running and don't look all these things like you're just completely consumed with what you shouldn't do. And then you feel like you're doing it more because you're thinking about it. Yes, totally. And that's why thought suppression doesn't work when we tell our brain, don't have that thought. Don't have that thought. We're thinking it more, which is why people with OCD, they try to suppress them and then it just gets worse and worse. How does Tourettes fit into this Really great question.


So Tourettes or tick disorders, they are a separate diagnosis, but very comorbid with OCD, with Tourette's, there tends to be what is called a pre monetary urge that precedes the tick. So it's this kind of buildup of tension in the body. It's more somatic than it is a cognitive obsession. And then the person performs the vocal or the motor tick that often feels sudden and involuntary. And then it kind of gets out that energy. And they can come in episodes where you have a lot of them, A lot of the times kids at school, which you were talking about will suppress them during the day and then go home and eat Rip. Yeah, Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. Go full throttle.


Yes. So you're Ticking For hours. My poor family, poor you. That is so awful. But then there can also be that teretic OCD where there's kind of a mix where the person has that pre monetary urge so they feel the somatic buildup or tension and then they perform compulsive tick like behaviors over and over and over and over again until it feels just right. So it doesn't always fall neatly with Tourette's or OCD. It can kind of be a mix. Yeah. The reason I asked is I was assigned this documentary in a psychology class and it was like a two hour documentary on Tourette's and this convention that the people in this doc all met at and they showed the check-in process at the hotel and they had warned the staff like, Hey, this is a Tourette's convention.


You know, you're gonna see a lot of things come. And sure enough, once they identified in these workers, whatever it was that could be called out that they knew they shouldn't, that was very common. That's why I was wondering how much of it's like, so they've assessed the same thing, like don't talk about this right now, but then they talk about it. And so it's adjacent. I know the physical thing very clearly, but then there's also this mental component where like, don't do this and then now I'm doing it. Oh, For sure. And that's part of why I didn't wanna be an OCD Specialist, 'cause I didn't wanna pick up on that or sensory motor obsessions. Have you heard of that? No, tell me that. Okay. So that is when you have a hyper awareness of automatic bodily functions and then you obsess about what if I never stop thinking about this.


So blinking as you were talking and you were talking about ticks, I notice my blinking, the Worst thing You can do is become aware of anything in your body Literally. Yeah, yeah. And, that can look like ticks too, where the person is aware of their blinking and then they're blinking their eyes multiple times to try to stop having that awareness of the blinking. It is OCD, but it can appear tick. Like there's a lot of overlap between a lot of these conditions. Oh God, now I can't stop. Yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna make more. I had horrible, I had a client once with that. I Was like, what you do is just, if I think about it, I think about it. Right. And just, okay, that's helpful. Yeah. If I think about my blinking, if I blink a million times today, I do. That's how I get through it. It's just like whatever. You don't give energy to it, just Accept It. Okay. Exactly. My only one I still have a touch of is I'll get acutely aware of my bladder.


Oh, Peeing. Yes. When I start obsessing, I'll be on an airplane if it fucking kicks off on a flight. I'm so sorry if you're seated next to me, but I'll have to go every 12 minutes. Oh yeah. I'm just like, oh fuck. And. that is a compulsion, right? Yes, yes. And sometimes it can almost feel psychosomatic where you probably don't even have to pee, but You're thinking about Well, the proof is in the bowl. Yeah. Like I'll pee three ounces. I'm like, well that wasn't worth a trip to the fucking head. Totally. Oh man. I think that one started on talk shows. Like I'd be so afraid that I'd have to pee once I got out on the couch, that I'd start peeing every five minutes in the green room. I Think a lot of people can relate to it before sleep. Oh, for sure. Oh, I think there's more like, I gotta go back. Yeah. Oh wait, one more time. Before I wish I could reach in and squeeze my bladder and ring it out.


It Probably wouldn't work. 'cause it's not related to the P. It's more of a I have to do this so that I can, right or no? Yeah. Yeah. No, Totally. Yeah, because I'm hoping that it's not necessarily a bladder problem. Be I'll bell, be disconnected from my surveying it. I'll get this P out and then I'll finally unplug from focusing on the sensation. Like right now, all I can feel is my bladder. Yes. We're Talking about It. Well, and you have to think about, This should be a bladder warning in this episode. Bladder blinking. But if you're getting up and you're constantly going to the bathroom, that's kind, kind of reinforcing that awareness. Yeah, exactly. So that's the other thing. That's why response prevention, cutting out compulsions is really helpful. So it's not the getting up and going to the bathroom probably that's gonna help you. It's the, okay, I feel something and I'm gonna try to go to sleep anyways.


To disconnect from that awareness. That's a tall order. Yeah, it is. That scared me. Yeah, that's like a, that's amazing. Sponsor. Tell me. I gotta pray every morning I'm like, oh, we gotta do that. That's a lot Meditation I think. Don't you feel like it's gotten better since you've been meditating? Well, unfortunately it's just so far away from when I meditated in the day. It's like the end of the day I'm starting obsess and I'm not gonna get a perfect night's sleep. All the things that are gonna fall apart. 'cause I don't get the good night And that all of a sudden it all gets hung on this bladder. Of course. Yeah. All roads lead to my bladder, I guess So. But present moment awareness, the more you strengthen that for me anyway, helps with some of this where I can be like, whatever I feel, I might have to pee, but I'm not going. I'm gonna come back to the present moment. Yeah. Mindfulness was huge in my own recovery.


It helps me so much. Well earmark that. 'cause I want you to walk us through the kind of course of action, but in effort to de-stigmatize this stuff and let people know that what they're dealing with is common and has a solution. I think we should go through a few more of the taboo ones. And you point out at the beginning of this piece, I read that the stakes seem incredibly high and they are in that the fear of, I'm gonna go talk to somebody and tell them I'm thinking about killing my baby. You're immediately thinking you're gonna have the police called on you. Yeah. That's why I didn't want to, to seek help. I knew I was having these sexual thoughts about kids, but I wasn't gonna go tell a stranger that and then risk them saying, you're a pedophile.


I'm calling the police. And unfortunately it does happen where doctors and clinicians who don't understand OCD treat someone with suicidal obsessions as if they actually are suicidal, violent obsessions. As if they are homicidal. It does happen, huh? Right. So you're saying one feared outcome would be getting the police called on you, but then another one would be a 51 50. That's happened for people who have suicidal obsessions and they're not suicidal. Their brain is going kind of like you were talking about, what if I kill myself even though they don't want to. My heart and compassion goes out to the doctor sitting on the other side of that. They're like, Oh my God if I don't do so. I mean, yeah. That's a very hard call to make. Totally. I think if, if you're totally, because then yeah, on the other end, I'd rather be wrong in they're alive.


I'm sympathetic to Of Course. Yeah. That And that's why this is so important because more doctors need awareness about OCD and what's ego dystonic versus egosyntonic. Right. So if someone who has suicidal ideations also is thinking, and the world would be better off without me, my family would be better off without me. Like things would be better. Like this is in accord with my principles. Would that symbolize the difference? Yeah. For instance, people with suicidal obsessions, they're hiding their knives. They're throwing away sharp objects. They're doing whatever they can to not die because they don't wanna die. I've had clients stop driving 'cause they're afraid that they're gonna open the door on the freeway or turn their car into the median. It's the exact opposite of someone, let's say, who is suicidal with a plan means an intent.


They are planning and intending to kill themself if they have that plan. Someone with obsessions. I don't know why I'm having these thoughts. I don't wanna die. This is Monica. Yeah, I think you've probably gotten close to removing knives from your house. Oh, A hundred percent. There's definitely moments of like that needs to be far away for no re like It's crazy, but it feels so real. It's so scary. It's the scariest feeling. Okay. So violent obsessions is one. This is to harm themselves or others. What if I kill someone? What if I stab someone? What if I'm Jeffrey Dahmer and I'm lying to everyone and I just don't know it. Jeffrey Dahmer got enjoyment out of killing people. He wanted to do those things. He planned actions to take to kill people.


Someone with violent obsessions like someone with suicidal obsessions. They're hiding the knives. They're avoiding being around people. They no longer go to the subway station in New York. 'cause they're afraid they'll push someone. It's the exact You Can really take over your entire life. Oh My God. Yes. This is not someone who desires hurting other people in that way. I feel so bad for those people because Yes. How are you to know that's not how Jeffrey Daher felt before he snapped and did it? You know what's wild too, and I should not be saying this 'cause I'm a trigger everyone. There's a Jeffrey Dahmer interview where he talks about obsessions and compulsions and I'm like, babe, no, you're a serial killer. Obsessions and Compulsions doesn't maybe. Okay. Doesn't have to be either. Or though. If it's OCD, if it were harm obsessions, he would not be killing people.


So in that case it would have to be either or. Now he could have, he talked about it as the compulsion to kill and his obsessions about killing. And it's like, but you align with that. That's ego syntonic. If it were OCD about something else, that would make sense. I'm more meant he could have had separately OCD about one thing and then over in this quadrant, No, he was talking about his obsessions and compulsions to kill. I'm like, babe, you like to cut people up and eat them. This is not OCD. In fact, thank you for giving us the Worst example. It's like him Hitler. There's a handful of people. They really did a disservice in talking about things. Honestly. It set the bar over here. Pedophiles to me, I always tell my clients P-O-C-D-I think is the most stigmatizing and shameful because even murder sometimes You can explain away.


Right. There's justified murders. There We go. There's never justified pedophilia. That is the one thing that society hates the most. For good reason. Yeah. Yeah. But with murder, like I used to want to have the harm obsessions instead because I think people are more accepting of that than pedophile obsessions. It's the number one. And look, I have on here many times said like I have enormous compassion with pedophiles. I don't have to fight the urge to do that. That's not what I desire. That would No one hard Picked that. It's true. And they a fucking health in treatment. Deaths a sentence. Yeah. Any Isn I would get struck with that would be my last pick. I'd rather be a murderer. Oh, A million percent.


I know. I Don't think they any day of the week. So I agree with You. And I think even if they want it and they desire it societally, they're aware. There's still gotta be enormous shame on the backside of all of it. It's Disturbing. It's awful. It should not happen. And I have so much compassion for You. can have compassion. Still want people to be put in jail And. yeah. Yeah. That's my take. And It would be so hard to be born that way. That's My point. I don't think anyone picked it out. No. And we don't have compassion for them. And they deserve treatment and care too. And to be put somewhere safe. Yes. So That they're not harming people. Protect the public. Of Course. Exactly. Okay. Postpartum obsessions. Yeah. I don't know why I am just arbitrarily saying, I feel like this one would be the most common. Of these five you've listed, is it more or less common than the others?


Probably about the same. And it tends to be a mix of sexual and violent obsessions for people. So what if I throw my baby down the stairs? What if I wanna microwave my baby? And a lot of new moms can get these kinds of intrusive thoughts. So if you've had that thought, it doesn't mean you have OCD for the person with OCD. It's all consuming. There's the onset after giving birth. It can also be though the safety of one's baby. So it could be harm be falling the baby. What if my baby stops breathing during its sleep? And then I have clients who stare at the baby monitor for eight hours watching their baby sleep. Or what if my baby chokes? I hate to say it Monica, but I can see that Me too happening to you. Me too. Me too. I already live. It feels like you live like that a little bit anyway. Of not having any kids. I do feel a lot like what if that falls right on your head?


Yeah. It's not great. Yeah. Worry about family members all the time. Yeah. You think I'm gonna die all the time. Yeah. And it's so painful. 'cause it really robs new parents from having that experience that they wanna have with their newborn. The compulsions that you listed are early heartbreaking to think that there are a lot of parents that don't wanna be alone with their baby. Oh no. They have people come over like their parents compulsively. They're afraid that if they're alone, they'll snap and do something. They don't wanna spend time with the baby because ultimately they want their baby to be safe. This is so opposite to their values. I work with a lot of moms who have had to grieve that postpartum period that they didn't get And, that they watch other people get with their baby. That euphoria, that bliss don't have it.


So That's postpartum. OCD. Is there postpartum chemical stuff that's going on that would cause you to actually act on it? Or is that separate With OCD? There could be postpartum psychosis. I'm not a psychosis specialist, but from what I know, the person is experiencing delusions or hallucinations. So that's what we commonly hear of when it's this new mom drowned her babies. Exactly. The tub, it's psychosis. That is very different than OCD. The person with OCD has insight, so they know I'm having these thoughts that I don't wanna be having with psychosis. There's an absence of insight and the person tends to believe the delusion or the hallucination The babies spirit possess. Right? Exactly.


Exactly. The devil. That's not a cd, but people worry that they are experiencing psychosis And, that if they tell a doctor their baby will be taken away. So it's a painful spot to be in. Ugh. Oh, I would be terrified if Oh yeah. Said all this loud. You wouldn't tell soul Child protective services. I mean, everyone has a heightened fear of that. Out of nowhere. Delta was maybe three at this point. A babysitter came over, friend of ours daughter, and she gets there and she's right in the kitchen, but Delta's only three. So she doesn't give a shit. She goes, I'll call her Bridget. I don't want Bridget to babysit me. I said, why? And she's right there. Bridget's wonderful. I don't like Bridget. Bridget, I'm gonna show you my daddy's penis. And I was like, all I think is like Oh.


my God. Is Bridget gonna think in this household That you are punishing Penis lot people by showing my P? Yeah. What will she surmise from that statement? And I'm like panicked for three hours that I'm gonna have child protective and like no. Yeah. And that's nothing that just verbaled up outta nowhere. No, I'd be worried about that too. Yeah. That's terrifying. I'm gonna show you my daddy's penis. She was kind of obsessed with your penis butts and penises. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She used to tell Me too, I'm gonna smack you in the penis. Yeah. And she was mad at me. Yeah. It's so bizarre. That Is wild. Yeah. Quite an imagination. I'm a child of the eighties And. that was during the moral panic on satanism and a moral panic on molesting. And so like all these teachers got thrown in jail and the tiny things that people could get incarcerated over Oh.


my God. When you're now a parent and the 10 kabillion things they say out of nowhere all the time. Do you have kids? I wish. No. Okay. Yeah. I Would like, yeah, you just like once every four days you're like, whoa, whoa, whoa. Where did that sentence come from? The little gears inside. Just fucking put that together. That's hilarious. Yeah. And you go back to the eighties when I was born, it was like, yeah, I think they put people in jail for a little less than that. Okay. So incest obsession. Oh Gosh. Yeah. I guess that would probably for me be only second hardest taboo other than pedophilia, which is like we all have a pretty huge incest taboo. Oh yeah. What if I'm attracted to my parents? What if I wanna have sex with my parents? I definitely had that. Really? And it was so awful. Images just sickening. Nobody wants to think about their parents having sex.


And then when you're thinking about what if I want to be the one? Yeah. Having sex with. I can relate on that One. It's sick. Yeah. I'm like, oh, please, Please. Yeah. A lot of my worst nightmares, people are like, what's your worst nightmare? And people, oh, I got chased by this guy with a knife. I'm like, no, it's always, I've had sex with a family member, a thousand. I wake up and I want to die. Yeah. And I was so worried that I would dream about the obsessions that I couldn't sleep Ooh. I stopped sleeping for so long because I was afraid that I would have sex with a child in my sleep or have sex with a family member. And sleep evaded me for a really long time, which probably made it all worse. So, oh, I was a mess. Now I don't wanna make light of any of these, but I will say bestiality and necrophilia obsession.


I just feel like of all these, that'd be easiest for me to talk myself out of. It would be these You think? Yeah, you would think. Exactly. But no, no. When I tell you the things that I believed, no, I had the dog ones too. I had insight. I knew I wasn't, but I really thought I could want to touch my dog's vagina. Or when you're in it and it's feeling so real and your adrenaline is so high and your brain is misfiring, you believe it, You're panicked. You're in the amygdala. Like you're not in the frontal lo. There we go. You're in the fear center. And that's why often when people say, but just tell yourself that you're not, you know, you're not. Well. I can't connect to that. When the fear center of my brain is active, those are two different parts of the brain. And one is better at hijacking the other. That's exactly it. And then when you're getting images of you touching dogs, oh God, I would get so many thoughts about my bosses, king Charles Cavalier.


Is that what they're called? Yeah. Never forget. That's An honest, they're very perverted breed. Okay. So you get on the path of a diagnosis and then presumably some schedule of treatment or some approach. So maybe let's start with what is the history of even trying to treat this? How new is this specialty? I don't know exact dates, but from what I've read, exposure and response prevention, which is the treatment with the largest evidence base, I think has been around since the eighties. But when I worked at UCLA at their intensive outpatient program, we saw people who were 75 years old who just had never had treatment or language for it.


So it is relatively newer. And there are other treatments that can be effective too, Is the approach you just said at all. Similar to immersion therapy. I hear this immersion therapy. It's like if you're afraid of you, afraid of waters afraid, You throw someone in a pool. Okay. They'll make them stand in trash can. Absolutely. But it's more gradual. So exposure is exposing yourself to the feared stimulus. So that might be cooking with a knife if you have violent obsessions. And then response prevention is cutting out the compulsive rituals. Those two things paired together. So for someone with pedophile obsessions who is avoiding TV like I was, it might be watching a TV show with kids and then not ruminating and not checking to make sure that I'm not aroused by the kids.


Right. So how does one do, how do you do that if it's in your head? Oh, that sounds very Absurd. Well, here's the thing. We can't stop intrusive thoughts. We can stop mental compulsions. Mental compulsions are active. If you are choosing to solve a math equation, You can stop doing that. Mm. Right. Or even people who worry You can say, I'm not going to figure that out. I'm not going to check. I'm gonna come back to watching this TV show. This is a benign example. But I will have arguments with people in my mind, yep. That are forthcoming. Or I have decided our forthcoming. And so I'm building my case and I have exhibits and I've got like 12 pieces of good evidence. And then by the time I get to the 12th, I get worried. I forgot the first one. So I go back through and I will find myself on hour three of having an argument with somebody that ultimately will never happen.


But I just keep building my case. And I would call that rumination. And I have to say to myself, court case is over. You can fear this inevitable outcome and You can whatever. But the actual court case building has to stop now. Is that, that's exactly Right. So if the obsession is what if I'm a pedophile, let's say that thought pops in, which it did for me. I can't control that because it popped in. I can control my response to that. don don't need to engage with that compulsively. I don't have to ruminate, I don't have to check. I can trust in what I know about myself and keep watching that TV show as the exposure. Would this fall in line with CBT? This sounds very CBT. Yes. So that's the behavioral portion of cognitive behavioral therapy.


There Is a cognitive component to OCD treatment too. I think a lot of people, when they think of CBT, they think, I'm gonna give you a worksheet. You're gonna challenge these unwanted thoughts and then you're gonna get better And. That's not the treatment for OCD. So There, Is a little bit of cognitive, but it's heavy behavioral as well. You just gave me one. But could you give me some examples of steps you took and when you started feeling relief in that timeframe? I know you consider yourself extremely lucky in having gotten your arms around it in like a year and a half of work. Oh no, it was not a year and a half. Oh, was it? Oh, oh yeah. No, no, no, no. Or Maybe it was that you sought treatment. Yes. I'm sorry. Exactly. So I got diagnosed within a year, which is truly a miracle because a lot of people go 10 to 15 years.


That's the average And that year for me. Like I said, I was ready to kill myself. People that go 10 to 15 years not knowing I have so much respect for, I did see one OCD Specialist at first. It just wasn't working. He was really sweet. He compared his balding to my obsessions. And I was like, sir. He's like, well, you know, I'm balding. I tend to think about that a bit. And we're not comparing your balding Oh, my God to my pedophile obsessions. And then he charged me for that phone call. And I'm like, but you were talking about your distress. Yeah. Not mine. And he pushed me into exposures and I didn't know I was doing them. So that was kind of my first OCD specialist. I just stopped working with him. And then I saw one about three years into my suffering And. that was what changed my life.


And this person's approach was Psychoeducation at first. So educating about OCD, which sounds ridiculous, but when you don't know it, Doesn just learn so much today. The most liberating part of reading the AA big book is going like, this is an illness. Yes. Oh, okay. So it's not a moral failing on my end. That's why I like being diagnosed with it. I respect Camilla not wanting to call it a disorder. And if I have clients who don't, that is fine too. I love calling it a disorder. Yeah. Like it's not me. So a lot of education about OCD then some metacognitive therapy, which is ultimately thinking differently about your thinking, which can be helpful. So again, this might sound ridiculous, I didn't know that you could have thoughts that weren't true.


I thought because I was having these thoughts that they were inherently true. Especially 'cause I was having them 40 million times a day. And then I learned that feelings are not fast. But Really quick. Let's spend one second on that. Yeah. The stakes are high to acknowledge that what you're thinking is not real because it then calls into question all the other things you're thinking and what is real. You're compositing reality in your head. So once you open the door to the fact that I'm an untrustworthy observer of reality. Yeah. Scary. The whole house of cards feels like it might collapse. Right. That's a big one. don don't think that's trivial. And people with OCD and even people in general have to learn which thoughts are worthy of paying attention to because there are some thoughts that are helpful and true with OCD, not so much.


So that really helped me. Learning that feelings are not facts was really helpful too because it felt so real to me. And I couldn't understand why it felt like I could be a pedophile and I wasn't learning. That really helped. And then a lot of mindfulness work, which I didn't wanna do at first. Yeah, no one does. But it got to a point where I would come into her office, I would just sob on the couch the whole session. She would tell me to chill. That's how activated I was. I probably wouldn't say chill to a client, but I kind of, she Was like, Work for you need to chill. Oh boy. I was like, yeah. Did she ever say, take a chill pill? No. Oh no. That would've, I'm like, don't tell me to fucking chill. Yeah. Like that's not gonna work. But it was a turning point in my treatment because I came in and I was finally graduating with my bachelor's degree And.


that was a big deal for me. And I wanted to go to the graduation and not have intrusive thoughts. That was my whole thing. I kept saying to her, can I just stop these thoughts? I wanna have this one day. You wanna Be present? Yeah. And she finally looked at me and she said, you are going to have the thoughts and you need to accept that. And I said, I don't want it to be a shitty Sunday. And she said, Allegra, I've had a lot of shitty Sundays with OCD. You need to accept that the thoughts are gonna be there. And. that changed my whole outlook on living with OCD And. that was the thing that made me start to notice my thoughts without judgment and start to allow them to be there without suppressing them. And it really helped 'cause I put a lot of energy into trying not to have those thoughts. So I went to graduation and I was having thoughts about like fucking my cousin and whatever else was coming up.


Sure, sure. And I was like, well that can exist and I'm gonna throw my cap in the air. And it, it helped me immensely. Stay tuned for more Armchair Expert. If you dare.


We are supported by Sleep number. Oh. Mattresses can be a pretty big purchase. It's kinda like a home. You and your partner have to shop around for one that you'll both love that's comfortable and suited to your preferences. Well, I'm about to make your lives a whole lot easier. Instead of hopping around from store to store. Just check out sleep numbers, smart beds. They're designed for you and your partners ever evolving Sleep needs. When you see it, you'll know it's the one. I mean, this just changed the lives of my bride and I. The fact that we didn't have to compromise on the firmness of the mattress and the fact that it can evolve as we evolve is incredible. Sleep Number is great because it's all about what you need. You can adjust the firmness to your ideal settings on each side. Perfect for couples. The smart beds respond and adjust to your movements throughout the night to help you sleep better. My sleep number is an 85. Whether you need something with more support or something to help quiet, the Snores Sleep number has you covered. So sleep Better together with a Sleep Number Smart Bed. It's the only bed that lets you make each side firmer or softer whenever you like your sleep number. Setting only at a sleep number store or sleep number.com.


Kickstart the school year with Apple gift card. You can send it via email or send a physical card to your loved ones. Inspire their curiosity with a world of apps. Boost their productivity with Apple products like iPhone and iPad and help them unwind with the newest albums on Apple Music subscriptions to their favorite streaming services. Access to over 200 games and more. Visit apple.com for details and to send Apple gift cards this back to school season.


We are supported by Rocket Money. Most Americans think they spend about $62 a month on subscriptions. But get this, the real number is close to 300. Oh Yuck. Thankfully I started using Rocket Money. They found a bunch of subscriptions I'd forgotten all about and then helped me cancel the ones I didn't want anymore. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so that You can grow your savings. Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower bills for you by up to 20%. All you have to do is submit a picture of your bill and Rocket. Money takes care of the rest. They'll deal with customer service for you. Rocket. Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to Rocket Money dot com slash Dax. That's Rocket Money dot com slash Dax. Rocket Money dot com slash decks.


Have you ever done transcendental meditation by chance? No. Okay. So the big breakthrough in that, for me, this is Very similar, which is in the past when I would try to meditate, I would start thinking about things and ruminating on things. And I'm like, well I can't because of this. And I would fight that. And then in TM they're like, don't fight it. If it comes into your head, go ahead and entertain it. But then also just try to come back to your mantra. Don't fight it. Okay. I gotta pay my taxes on so I'm sure. Rah. And then you're just saying your mantra. You just say it. I didn't. I made one up. Oh yeah, because they're not allowed to share it. You're allowed to say it. I did tell Lincoln the other day though. Oh my God. Yeah.


That's how much I love her. You can't share with is this AA or this Is tm. This was my experience with tm. I don't know if this is everyone's, but I was given my mantra and she said, here's your mantra and you not to tell anyone. You're never allowed to tell it. Okay. I would tell everyone I know. I'd call my therapist. Do you know what my mantra? She's like, babe, you're not supposed to. You're not supposed to say it. Tell anyone. You're like, I know. That's why I'm definitely gonna say, that's why I'm telling you. Well It's really funny 'cause of the other people I know who do tm, we would never do it. And I have one friend who tells everyone and I'm like, this is crazy. 'cause I gotta hold onto some of the magic voodoo for it to Feel. I really wanna know it. I'm sure You can get it outta Lincoln. I can't believe you don't know it. I know. That's wild. I know. Well I did make one up that I did tell you.


Yeah. Making up is worse. Well no, I was using it for a while and it worked. But I think maybe 'cause I told you it stopped working. No, no, no, no, no. It's amazing. Anyways though, the permission to not fight it was such a breakthrough. And it's very counterintuitive. It's The most counterintuitive because of course I wanted to stop having thoughts about children and animals. Yeah. But the more that I fought with it, the more of those thoughts that I have. What you resist persists. They Say. That's exactly it. That's a big motto. And I say that to clients often. So when you say it's okay to have these thoughts, it doesn't mean I need to engage with them. So I wasn't at graduation ruminating about the thoughts. I let them exist and I came back to the present moment, which was graduating. Yeah. You can almost think about it as like you're in a room, a fifth person enters, you don't like that person.


But it's like, yeah, they're here. Okay. But I'm not going to try to remove them. I just accept that they're there. And now I'm gonna focus on the four people I like. That's exactly it. And then you're not bothered as much when you're not attending to the person that's there. It's like You can be here. It's not my preference, but I accept it. There we go. And that's I think why a lot of people don't like the word acceptance with OCD. They think I'm saying accept that you're a pedophile. No Oh. my God. I'm not saying accept that the thoughts are true. I'm saying accept that you are having them. Those are two very different things. And, That you're likely powerless over having them. That's Exactly it. Is there anybody trying to pinpoint, like if you were to look at this from more of a psychoanalytic approach, if Orna were here, like I do wonder if Orna would be like, do you know Orna?


No. Do you watch couples therapy? Therapy? Allegra? I can't watch that for my own reasons. This is not OCD, but I get really fixated on being single. And so I don't wanna watch, I don't wanna watch couples therapy 'cause I'm like, I wanna be in couples therapy with someone. It sounds Nuts. I have my own issue. You won't wanna be in a relationship. It might be the antidote. Be surpris. It might help. I'm sad when I watch things with couples. I just need to get the fixation under control. That's why it Sounds, I actually think this would be the antidote. Monica loves it. Right? I love it. And you feel both though. You do feel like, oh man, There, Is, this power something special about partnership. But then you're also like Oh. my God. It's hard. You're not seeing their picnic, you're not seeing the day they got married. And My brain right always goes to the honeymoon phase.


So it might help. I probably need it. Yeah. No one's in there 'cause it's going spectacular. Oh my God. It's like an AA where you say it's like it's the losers' club, not the winner's club. No one's like set out to join aa. That's incredible. But at any rate, Orna who we respect greatly, she's very into psychoanalysis. Yeah. She's A therapist on the Show. Are you even open to the notion that there's something underpinning all of it, And, that that could be addressed? There are a lot of different theories. Psychoanalysis is likely not going to treat OCD first and foremost. And I think a lot of people will say what caused it doesn't necessarily matter because we're treating the symptoms of it. I think a lot of people get triggered by psychoanalysis because they think that the therapist is saying there's meaning to these thoughts and we need to figure out the inherent meaning in them.


When I don't think there was any meaning in me having sexual thoughts about kids. However, I'm not going to say that there's not something underlying that could be addressed. I don't think I had predominantly sexual obsessions for no reason. I think that there was probably something in my upbringing that contributed to that. And I think if you looked at it from a psychoanalytic lens, there would be that viewpoint. Now I also know that I have a brain that functions very differently from other people. So I don't think it would've been the cause. But I think looking at what could be underlying sometimes is helpful to people. Yeah. don don't think it would be linear. Not at all. But some psychoanalyst do think, like I had one when I was getting my hours and I was an intern who said something about she thought sanitizing represented something.


It didn't make sense to me. But I think some psychoanalyst do think there's some kind of meaning behind why someone's doing these things. I think in my most optimistic view of all of it, and we talked about it with Orna, I actually don't like that these two approaches are positioned against each other or that they're binary or that you should do one or the other. Or that you can't look at yourself from every conceivable angle and have a toolkit. I just don't love that there would even be any kind of pitting one against another. Two thoughts about that. Because I agree with you. I think that we're treating the whole person and I think sometimes clinicians forget that I'm a big fan of using different modalities. And I think a lot of the times therapists get really married to one modality.


And we also do wanna use what's evidence-based. And so if we're using something like psychoanalysis to treat OCD and there's not a lot of evidence and it's not working, a lot of clinicians try to use just general talk therapy. And what ends up happening is they're just sitting there compulsing with their client. Yeah, right. It's like, but you're not a pedophile because of this and let's reassure yourself And that's actually making the person's symptoms worse. So I think that there does need to be a blend of a lot of things, but it has to be something that's actually going to help the client. I would imagine there would be a preferable order, even if you're gonna do both. I would think you would definitely want to do your approach or a CCB T approach and get it in the manageable condition. Right.


And then maybe look at, are there other things which has been helpful for me. 'cause I do think that even for me there's this underlying, what if I'm bad And? that definitely stems from childhood. Yeah, That's Huge. Like big one for me. So looking at that has been helpful. And looking at just how that shows up in other areas of my life. It wouldn't have helped during my OCD treatment per se, but now that my symptoms are under control, it is helpful for me to look at maybe why I still get stuck on things sometimes. Yeah. To be fair to Orna, she also said she often refers people to CBT people. Yeah. And. Yeah. I don't have a problem with, yeah. Yeah. Listen, I probably be in psychoanalysis. Is it a treatment for OCD? Probably not, but I probably need psychoanalysis.


So I'm not at all against, Well for me, like okay, I, I started going to AA 20 years ago almost through the day and it solved all of the burning rooms on fire in the house issue. And it worked for so long. But then after those fires are out for a long time, you're like, oh yeah, I can hear a dripping leak. There are other things I want to tackle or explore. And AA actually doesn't have any kind of prescription for that. And so I like then adding that aspect. Yeah. And I think even OCD clinicians, I don't wanna get canceled for saying this, but I think sometimes can be very narrow in, it's like we're just treating the OCD, which is great when we're treating OCD, but we have to remember that they could have PTSD, they could have other things that also need to be managed or just even managing the emotional impact of OCD.


There are clinicians who say OCD can't be traumatic. It can just be distressing. I've had big T trauma, what people call big T and OCDA thousand percent was more traumatizing. I would go through the big T trauma a hundred million times again if it meant not living with OCD. Yeah. So then clinicians don't address that piece of it. Sometimes it's, we're only gonna do the OCD behavioral stuff and then the client is left with, well my symptoms are dissipated, but now I have all of this emotional stuff that I wanna work through. What do I do with that? Yeah. So glad we did this. Oh, Me too. I feel like. Yeah. It's been really fun. So informative. I definitely didn't know about all this at all. I'm gonna have to clean up my talk a bit. Sometimes we just talk.


I know and say stuff. I know, I know. But it's good. We get to correct. Like I said, it's amazing that you've done this. What's Really funny is, you know, we interviewed a sociopath, and this is not to compare these things at all, but in learning about sociopaths from a diagnosed sociopath who's also a clinical psychologist, I'm like, fuck yeah, you're born that way. No one picked it out. Now I can of have compassion for sociopaths now. I can't even use the word sociopath the way I wanna use It. Listen what's left. Yeah, I know. And that's what I was thinking too. I was thinking Dex probably thinks that I'm one of those people who says we can't use any kind of word. I'm not because I've been suicidal for much of my life.


I talk about suicide in a way that sometimes I joke about it. Sure. I've dealt with it. But for some people they really, really don't like that. Yeah. So I'm not one of those people that's like, we can't ever use language. I just wanna make sure that we're using language accurately. But I liked in your Paris Hilton episode when you talked about falling on deaf ears, you're like, but I was deaf. So can't I, so can't I say that right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I feel like that sometimes about suicide. It's like, can't I speak about suicide in ways? Oh, I was molested and I love molesting jokes. There we go. I got about 20 of 'em and they're so funny to me. Can I tell you one of 'em? Sure. Well is it gonna, Oh, I'm fully healed. Okay. I'm like, my ovaries are on fire. If I don't meet someone tomorrow, my therapist is getting a raise because I'm coming in more. Okay.


Trigger warning to anyone who doesn't like molesting jokes. There's a young boy and a boy scout leader and they're walking through the woods and it's late at night and the little boy says, I don't like it out here. It's really dark. I'm pretty scared. And he says, how do you think I feel? I gotta walk outta here alone. Oh God, wait, Why don't I get it? Because He's like, he's gonna kill rapes and kills him. Oh no. It's horrible For me having PO cd, I feel like I should have gotten that and I didn't. So that's why I like my brain's gone to worse places. How did I Not get that? Interesting. Okay. That'll be the last one I tell you. Yeah, let's maybe take a break from those. Let's end it there.


This has been awesome. I would love to talk to you anytime you want to talk. Oh, I guess I have one last question. Yeah. 'cause you are the founder of the center for OCD Anxiety. Yes. And eating disorders. So just really quickly, eating disorders, you kind of talked about it at the very beginning, but tell me why that would be falling under your purview or it would be a part of the center for OCD and anxiety. Because I lived with an eating disorder. I think I have a lot of passion for treating that too. And while it's not the same as OCD, I did have obsessions and compulsions with anorexia. So OCD and eating disorders are just two of my main passions. They Work very symbiotically, I would imagine. And It honestly felt similar to me. OCD was a million times worse.


And I actually tried to force anorexia again 'cause I wanted to get rid of the OCD, but it was like I couldn't stop thinking about food and body. And then I compulsively exercised and restricted and they did feel Very similar where there was also like a snapping point in my brain where everything changed. I would say too, the thing about an eating disorder in OCD is that for me, my compulsions were so tangentially linked right to the obsession again, the scuffing and the ticks and why that solved the other thing. Whereas that one's like so directly related. So I would imagine the satiation you get from controlling the eating when it is your obsession is so direct. Does that make any sense? Yeah. It's not hard for me to imagine how that would work and feel for me.


And I think that that's where it also differs a bit from OCD. Is that A, it's more egosyntonic sometimes for people. Right? And B, it's rewarded. So I think what you're talking about is yes, when I restricted and compulsively exercised, I lost the weight that everybody had told me to my whole life. I got complimented, yes, it was a disorder. But also when I stopped eating I saw the direct result of that. Yes. And it was very hard to stop. Okay. So please check out the center of OCD anxiety and eating disorders. And also I think people would love to follow you on Instagram. 'cause you're talking a lot about this topic all the time. So what's your handle at Allegra? Castens One. All y'all And with a K Caston's? Yes.


And I'm writing a memoir as well. It's not gonna be out for two years. Oh Great. How do you know it'll be out in two years? Spring Of 2026 is the publishing date. Okay. I have a deadline. So you're back into It. I see. Yes. Which it's going. I'm like my publisher. Don't listen to the Yeah, it's actually not going Well. Allegra, this was so fun. It Was amazing. Yeah. Thank you so much. Really Appreciate it. All right, take care. I sure hope there weren't any mistakes in that episode, but we'll find out. When my mom misses Monica comes in and tells us what was wrong. I can feel myself already going into some stuff. Mm. You love to go into stuff.


That's right. Get right into it because you just held up your coffee mug and it says Too legit to quit. Yeah. Which I reminded you you didn't need reminding. I just said that's Mc Hammer's quote. And did I tell you about Michael Buffer? No. Do you remember Michael Buffer? He said, let's get ready to rumble. Right? Yes. I know that very well. So at the hotel I had described as Soviet, there was like metal plaques on the wall of celebrities that had stayed there and Michael Buffer was one of them. Oh. And he wrote, let's Get Ready to Rumble. And I had a few thoughts. One is like, it's so great to have a catchphrase. You know what to write on those things.


Sure, sure. Right. You never have to make something up. You're not like, Hmm, what am I gonna say to this hotel? Yeah. You can't say good luck. They're a hotel. You don't wish a hotel luck. You could say good luck, but it feels ominous. Yeah. Yeah. And almost like patronizing. Like you're wishing that Yeah. Passive aggressive. Yeah. Okay. Earmark. I now I'm remembering one of my USO stories, but, okay. So anyways, Michael Buffer and then the rest of the gang didn't remember who he was. So I was saying, you know, he said let's get ready to rumble. And then I was telling them he used to get a million dollars to say that. Do you know that he like before the big fights like Tyson Holyfield, he was getting a million dollars.


That's, and they kind of didn't believe that. So then I had to do some research and I looked him up on Wikipedia and he copyrighted that. Oh. And through the licensing of that one sentence, let's get ready to rumble. Multiple different sources. Say he has made 400 million. Wow. Isn't that great? Good for him. I guess he invented it. Or did someone tell him to say that? Had he heard it somewhere else? Right. I mean And, that person just didn't copyright it and get popular saying it. Is he living with guilt is what I'm asking? I don't think so at all. I think 400 million bucks.


He's still traveling. He's clearly in Bergen, Norway. Do you think we could do that with ding ding, ding. We we, we might as well give it a shot. If Buffer made 400 million on Let's get ready to rumble. Why not? I'm just gonna start copywriting everything I say just in case You should. I wonder if the copyright office is flooded with people. They're like, Hey, I just thought of this. Been there, done that. And they're like, no. No. Okay. I gotta tell you the one really quick though. 'cause I was on a USO tour and this is a little bit mean, but bear with me. Oh no. And when you're on a USO tour, we were in Afghanistan and every time you stop somewhere, they ask you to sign stuff.


Like you end up signing so many tanks and like maybe the inside of helicopters you sign a lot of stuff. Again, I don't have a catchphrase. I don't know what to say. You could Say you've been punked. You know, I think I wrote that a couple times. Oh. But then it was like they didn't get punked. They're there fighting. It was challenging. Well, punked by. Okay. So what I found out was that Larry, the cable guy was going to be there in two weeks on the next USO tour. And once I found that out, everything I signed, I wrote get her done Dax Shepherd. Because I was like, of course he's gonna have to sign this stuff and that's his catchphrase and he's gonna be like, what the fuck?


He can't write get or done. That's what I was gonna write. And then he had to think of something. Maybe he wrote, you just got punked. Maybe. I'd sure like to know if he did ever come across that signature. I feel like he had to have. Yeah. Because Everything I was signing had been signed. You know, there was about 20 other signatures from other people. Why didn't you just sign your name? Well, 'cause you gotta write something. You can't just write The extra. Why? Just sometimes. I think that's the pitfall. Like just, just sign your name, put a heart. Well I, I do do That. Or a smiley face. Here's the extra problem that compounds all this. My signature, my quote autograph is illegible. You've seen it. Seen it doesn't mean anything. So I often in those situations when it's like on a USO tour, I sign it and then then I have to write Dax.


'cause I'm like this means nothing. But, and then maybe with a catchphrase or some kind words. don don't know. Sure, Sure. But I wrote, get or done everywhere I went. Yeah. That is mean. Just saying Or funny. Is it funny though too? Yeah. I Think when you think of Vale Larry, the cable guy reading his catchphrase. Like if I knew Michael Buffer was coming the week after and I wrote, let's Get Ready to Rumble every time You'd owe him so much money. I wonder how they even Oh my God. Yeah. What are the rules? Like I can understand not going on television and saying it at a fight, but can no one in the world say let's get ready to rumble without paying Him?


Well now I'm worried we might get that we, No, this is news. Oh okay. We're covering it. We're now a news show. We're allowed to say it on the news. Yeah. You can say anything on the news. You can sing Happy birthday. You can. I don't know. What I do know is if you have a documentary, any music you'd have in a movie you have to get licensing for from the artist or whatever the publisher. But if you're making a documentary and you're walking through the streets of New York and Beat it is plain on a loudspeaker. Oh you're allowed to have that in there. Really? It's not called eminent domain, but it's one of those words like that. Like where it says it's, it's unavoidable.


You didn't put it there. I don't know. Well this is a doc so it's fine. Yeah. This is currently a doc And the news, It's a documentary about the news. Let's get ready to rumble And get her. Stop saying it. I'm worried. And get her done. Oh. my God. Do you wanna put any out there? No. I'm gonna be karmically. Well, and I'm just gonna say ding ding, ding. Sim. Those are the Two reverse back. Reverse back. Yeah. I got one today. Oh, you did? What could feel better? Yeah. It's been tough figuring out her order lately. So I was pleased. She's getting spicy for the summer.


Yeah, I, I feel bad 'cause I did publicly say I think she hates summer. I'm taking that back. Oh you Did? Oh did you say that Unsynced? I thought I said it here. Maybe I said it on synced. Maybe you said it on our text chain. You definitely said it on our text chain. Oh Well I said it again. Oh man, I'm getting caught that I said things twice. You're never allowed to say anything twice. And if you do you have to copyright it. But I take it back. But for a while she was feeling real feisty at the beginning of the summer. And I don't blame her. It's hot. Like it's hot out and people get crabby and testy including me. I've decided that I wanna go somewhere for a couple days.


You gotta get out of there. I Gotta get out because my apartment is so hot and then outside is so hot, there's nowhere to go. Except my bedroom is kind of, if I keep the door closed and the fan on, it's, it's okay. But then I'm just in my room like I'm depressed in there. Well don don't wanna be critical of your apartment or your apartment building or the management of it, but it is curious that they mounted one air conditioner in your whole apartment and they put it in the kitchen. Exactly. Where no one sits to watch TV and no one sleeps. It's an interesting spot for it. Yeah. Bad Spot. Have you considered moving your bed into the kitchen? Think about it.


That's a good thought. No, I just gotta go. I gotta leave. I gotta get outta here. Traditionally this is when I would spend a lot of time at the movie theater. Like when I lived in Santa Monica with no air conditioning. Yeah. Come September when I get blazing, I'd see a couple movies today just to beat the heat. Mm. Yeah. Not gonna do it. I'm not in the mood for movies right now. So you haven't found a pool since I last spoke to you? I'm guessing. No, I have not. Really? Yeah, I haven't. Well, if you Check and you don't like my idea of checking into a hotel staycation. I Might. I might. Okay. I, I looked into going to a hotel. I won't say which one. Okay. Ice cold air conditioning.


I assume they have gray air conditioning based on The brand of the hotel. I'm not gonna finish that sentence. Okay. But I assume they have gray air conditioning 'cause it's a hotel. So I've, and I've never been to this hotel, so it might be a fun thing to do. Okay. Now. Oh god, Time. Wait, you wanna talk about it? I wanna talk about something. Yeah, let's talk. Let's talk about it. I don think at this point it needs a address. It Comes up every four seconds. Yeah. So go ahead. So should we tell the full story or the what Version of Yeah, I'll tell the full story. I think. Okay. Full story is, you were joking, you were, you were making a joke.


I made a bad joke On our fact check. Yeah. About involving one of our advertisers. And Yes, To be clear, 'cause people heard it, it's also gone now. So, if you try to go back, you can't find it. But it was, to me it was obviously a joke, but that wasn't so clear. Right. Well there was a handful of people in the comments that said something about that. And then so the advertisers saw that and so we got contacted. So we're like, okay, no problem. We'll take that out. That was a joke. But if doesn't sound like one, well take it out. And then, because you knew that those comments that were now kind of defending and or evaluating whether or not we act, you decided to break your abstinence and read the comment section on that episode.


Yes. Okay. Take it from there. It was awful. It was really bad. I also felt validated and why don don't go there. Right, right, right. Well let's just be clear it wasn't bad about that joke. Well, some people were mad about that joke, And, that Oh yeah, that's, I feel like how it started. And then it, it was a, it was just a major pile on of how I am not relatable anymore and how I, you know, only talk about fancy things and why don't I get a fashion podcast. And you know, we talk about, actually we do talk about this a tiny bit on an upcoming episode a little bit during the episode with the guest.


Yeah. So this is a nice precursor for that, I guess. Yeah. Easter, Easter egg. But yeah. But so, so it was, You were really sad for a couple days. It was really rough. Yeah, it was, yeah. It, it was not easy to see all those things. And then of course you feel, you feel like you have to defend yourself. Yeah. But I know that that's not what I wanna do and I don't wanna engage there. But of course I did comment 'cause I couldn't help it. And, and then I was like, well, this is how it human happens. And like, this is exactly why I don't do it, because there was like different streams of anger towards me. One was the sponsor, then there was this unrelatable thing, and then there was this other stream of people being mad that I don't look at the comments slash Right.


That I tell you not to look at the comments. Right. So there was this whole thing happening there that was like the last thing I read. And I, I was just like, I erased. You had enough at that point. Yeah. And, and I also was shook, like, are you kidding? Just look at what this page is. Why, why would you want me to see this unless you fully hate me? Which maybe you do, but also, you know, I get, I also get really definitely defensive, I guess is, is the word. But it, it's more than that. When I'm reading, well tell So hurtful. Oh God. I mean, I was so hurt by it. It was so painful. Yeah. Yeah. But I also feel like stop listening.


If you're gonna be the type of person who listens and then does this, I don't want you, and this is mine. This is mine. Right. And yours. You don't get to come and tell me to do a fashion podcast. Like, no, no, no. We created this. Like, I think you're misunderstanding. I wasn't hired to. Right. To, Oh God. It's just, yeah. It was just, it was a lot. It was tough. It took a bit to, to get over. By the way, I'm, I'm, I've been impressed and proud of that. You have. Thanks. Yeah. I really couldn't say much. I'm like, you know, I'm just trying to point out that these are generally people that want the shit you're talking about, and they're very jealous.


And that's what it is, you know? Yeah. Someone said, I need to stop talking about being on vacation and the podcasts. And. yeah. I wanted to go like, you know what, you produce 165 episodes of a show a year, and then You can tell me not to go. And I felt the same way. I'm like, what do you, but yeah, there's nothing to say other than, well, it gets better 'cause I've been blasted and it just, it it does dissipate. Well, I'm just not gonna to see it like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't have to see it and I'm not going to, and when people are like, we like that Dax looks at this and engages, and we're mad that she doesn't like it, and like whatever, one of them said, why is she so upset about the beats?


It's just like, I mean, it gets so crazy that you feel totally untethered to earth when you're starting to read these. Like, you're starting to, you're like, wait, was I mad about the beets? It's, it's What are the beets? Because you were reading comments, you were reading comments on The show. The, the, the food, the food beets. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, Yes, yes, yes. And, and one of the comments was like, don don't think you've given beats enough of a try or something. And I was like, yeah, yeah, yeah. What? But, and then, and obviously they could tell, they could tell that I was not super into the segment where you're reading comments. Yeah. Right.


Which Is true. Yeah. And. yeah. Hello. But they happen anyways, because I Why though? And it's, everything's fine. This is the bigger issue, I think, which is like, everything's fine. Like, I still read the thing about the beats. I wanted to do it. You like, you'll let me do what I want to do, and I let you do it. You want to do, and we don't have to be one thing. It would be so boring if we were one thing and it's all fine. You get both things. Like, either people are mad at me for being too mean to you, or they're mad at you for being too mean to me. And it's like, well, in every one of these scenarios, you have your champion. Like, you already got your person. What do you want us both be the same? Yeah. I'm just not into it. Like, I'm just not into this negativity. Yeah. It's not for you.


Yeah. It's not for me. Yeah. And you sh and you shouldn't read and you wouldn't have read other than we had this thing Yeah. Joke gone bad, as we say. Bit gone bad. Yeah. And, but I got, you know, I've been meaning to tell you this for a while off air, but we're talking about it, so, you know, what's the craziest thing is often, instead of blocking people, now I just hide them. Right. Like, if their comments are terrible, I'll, I'll just hide them. But then what what's interesting is then all the hidden ones are at the bottom, and I can read those. And what's so bizarre, and this is kind of illuminating, is some of these people who wrote just horrific things like, like, you know, almost threatening either of our life or safety.


Then go on to write like a hundred nice comments. And when I, I really realized, like, I also don't think, I'm not defending people who go on message boards to be mean. But I also, it's occurring to me, a lot of people have no clue when they are Being mean. Yeah. 'cause like, the tone of a lot of these people that I've hidden, then the rest of their stuff is like, really nice and flowery. And I'm like, how is this the same person? They're super positive now. They were crazy negative before. And it's like, oh, that was them on that day. Who knows? I guess what I thought was when I was gonna hide people and then they wrote like four other terrible things, at least no one would see them.


And I would go like, okay, kind of three strikes you're out. That doesn't really happen. Which is so interesting to me. Is that making sense what I'm saying? It Does, but to me it's all, then it's just because they wanna reaction. So they're throwing all the spaghetti at the wall to get one, whether it's good, whether it's bad, it's just like I'm doing all of it. Or they don't, they have no clue what they're saying is so hurtful that that's also like an option. I think. Like, they don't even think anything of what they wrote. I don't know. Like there's a total disconnect between some of the things they say, some of the times and other times. I just find that fascinating. I was expecting it to all the hidden ones to remain toxic and they're not.


Yeah. I, Any who we're, we're getting, we're getting a little too granular what you were about to say. Is it, it fucked you up and now you're like, you're afraid to say you're gonna go to a hotel. That's what all this Is. Yeah, exactly. And I'm afraid to say a lot of things that You go to a hotel with air conditioning. Yeah. So this happened a a bit whatever, some weeks ago. And of course I was like, well, we're, we're gonna need to talk about this. And then when the next time we recorded, I thought about it and then I thought, this is such a waste of 99.9% of the people's like, who listen Yeah. Time. And they don't deserve it because most, most people aren't engaging on those comments.


And so to give so much time and energy to that teeny tiny percentage that is being cruel, it, it feels unfair to the people who aren't. Yes. And, and so, so many more people defended you then were critical of you. I just, I don't wanna give them energy to like, figure out what they mean. So the main reason that before when me and you have had these types of conversations that I have encouraged you not to, but then have, you know, been like, well, whatever, you're gonna do your thing, you wanna do it, that's great. Yeah. Yeah. Is because I don't want our show to change because of it. Right. And, and I've been skeptical that it's possible to look at them and not change.


And so then when I looked, I was like, yeah, I'm not gonna say where my shoes are from when people are asking, but I'm not gonna say, I'm not gonna say that I wanna go to this hotel and where it is and how fun it is. And, that sucks because I also know there's a big group that wants to know that and is ex and wants to see the outfits or know about them or, yeah. So it, it's just this bizarre balance. I think that one of the more hurtful ones was about, well, there was some that I found misogynistic. Those were rough or like double standard. Then there was some basically that I betrayed them.


Hmm. And I was like, Hmm, I've never not been this. So I haven't You've been living at the mall since you were a kid. I've not been like, I'm a huge man of the people. I I've never been that. Even when I worked at SoulCycle, I wasn't that like, that's not me. And so I haven't betrayed anyone. I've just attained a little more. So I've had a little more access, but I, I've stayed pretty true to my values, wants, needs, all of that stuff. And like, ah, that's all I can really do. Well this hotel with the ice cold air conditioning sounds like a fortune.


Shut up. God. You're trying to Take me out. Never. Is that Groot? Yeah. Yeah. I'm with Groot. Of course. I'm with Groot. I sleep with You because you're his granddad. Yeah. I asked 'cause she tossed him to me and he landed perfectly in my nook. And I said, oh, he landed in my nook. And then I said, wait, is Gru a he or a she or they, and she said, Gru's a gr He doesn't, they, she goes, Gru's don't have genders like we do. Oh, that's right. And I was like, okay. I mean, Groot is a tree.


Really? Oh, by the way, you, we haven't figured out what kind of boy I am. 'cause you're a cookie boy. Amy Puller is a bedtime boy. And you're Just a boy's boy. I'm a, no, I'm a lake boy. Oh, sure. Yeah. Yeah. Finally figured it out. I'm a lake boy, boy do I love a lake? I can get in there and just paddle around like a little dog. Like a little lake dog. Yeah. Okay. Wait, hold on. I have, I have a little more to say about the other thing, which is, okay, so this hotel Yeah. I wanna go to, I wanna go just for a couple days and I'm gonna have to probably go by myself. Okay. It's a very complicated thing to talk about, but think, but you just, it's universal.


I mean, not universal, but it affects a lot of people on both sides of this. But like, I wanna go with a couple people that I know could go Right, but you don't wanna have to pay for them. Exactly. And it wouldn't even be responsible to ask them. Yeah. Right. To go. You'd have to offer to pay for them to go. Yeah. And it circles back to all the things we've always talked about on here, which is like, what's the point of going to this nice place if you're alone? Although you're reading all fours. So I feel like if there were ever a moment where you Could be alone, Felt like you had a reason to go alone. It's also an interesting thought for me because I love going places alone.


I travel alone all the time. Yeah. You go to New York, I love it. But for some reason in this particular circumstance, I don don't know why. Maybe it's just my current head space where I, I am like, oh, I want buddies there. Like, I want my friend, I wanna bring friends. Right. But that would mean that I would be paying double for something that's already a lot. And what is this? Like, it's just all confu. It's, I'm confused. Yeah. Yeah. And you know how I did it for years and years and years, which is just, I paid for people to go everywhere. And then some of those people ended up really resenting me for that, which I couldn't really make peace with.


I'm like, why, why are you resentful towards me? Yeah. It's really complicated. Yeah. Then meets the eye. Yeah. Basically, there's some people that I can do that with and there's no resentment. And there's other people that they resent me when I do that, which, so it's very confusing. And. yeah. But then this is how weird silos happen. And then it's like, then only rich people can travel with rich people. Like that's awful. Yeah. I don't want that at all. I, I enjoy the people in my life and there's varying degrees of financial success within that. I don't wanna change any of the, the people around me. So. Right. I, that's for me to then decide, like, do I, do I pay, do I go alone?


don don't know. Yeah. I don't have a, a very clear answer. Yeah. I don't think There Is one. And maybe it just depends on the day. Yeah, totally depends on the day. I really think it's person specific. You know, I have, I have a, a a very successful friend who's much older than me who, who said to me at one point they had had a bad experience with some family members they supported. And then those people were really mad at them and they were talking to their therapist. The therapist said the, the key is that relationships have to be reciprocal. Yeah. So if it can't be financial, it's almost on the person who's got the money to figure out how the other person can reciprocate by some other method, or that's when it starts getting really fucked up.


Yeah. And I thought that was really interesting. I heard that a few years ago and I, I think, I feel like I observed that There's also resentment that comes up from the other side too. There can be Oh, yeah, yeah. Oh, I have friends all the time who will be like, yeah, I lent so and so money, they were broke, but then I saw they bought a new car. You know, those little things that happened. And then I'm like, yeah, you can't ever lend anyone money if you're Exactly. You just to give, give someone money and literally think, yeah, they might go buy a fucking four wheeler with it. I don't know. Yes, a hundred percent. That's really a good lesson in no string that's attached. Yep. Yeah. Basically. Yeah. Yes. I also think the unavoidable thing is, is you do end up having more control than is healthy in a relationship.


Because basically you are picking, right? Like, if you're gonna invite people to where you want to go, you've just, you have picked Yeah. And even that's a weird dynamic. I know. Because What if you said like, Hey, whoever you want to come with me to X? And they go, no, but why don't you take us to Santa Barbara, this other hotel. Right. That would feel a little crazy. But at the same time, if it's a friend trip, maybe that's part of it. I don't fucking know. Like, all of this is not good, don don't know. No, No. It's not good. And it comes back to now how, what I also, I gotta add right now is I think this too, if you chose to see this, you could choose to see this conversation as two rich people talking about like, oh God, what do they do?


This happens on every ladder of the socioeconomic. It does. Because my bro, I remember my brother was started making more money than all of us. And he even said to me, this is why people of the same socioeconomic bracket hangout because, and I, and I was like, ah, that's bullshit. I would, I didn't think there's any validity to it, but that was happening for him on a much smaller scale. And I think this happens to everybody. No one who is best friends in high school, they don't all go out and accomplish the same amount Yeah. And make the same amount of money. Some people have lake houses, some people have boats, others don't. I think this is pretty universal, actually. Yeah. You're in one of these dynamics. It's pretty rare that everyone's dead equal. We've Had a few questions on synced about some of this stuff, so I It does feel like it's on people's minds.


Yeah. I mean, we've talked about this, what gets very tricky in these dynamics, like if someone is paying for a trip, like we just went on, you know, I just, we went to Palm Springs 124 degrees. So fun And. that is different because when you say like, reciprocating for one, I'm not expecting that at all because like I, again, I just want my friends there. But two, they are, everyone's cooking. It's, yeah. It's a group effort. It's much, much different of a thing. Yep. But like, what ends up feeling weird is if I was doing something bad or like mean, or if I was A bitch. Yeah.


If I was being a, a huge bitch. But no, everyone felt like they couldn't say anything. Right. Because I paid for the trip. That's where things get very tricky. Well then you deserve to be resented. And I certainly have seen rich people, it's like you're a, a character in their event. Like you're, everything's gotta be their way and there's no compromise on dinner. And because they're paying. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And I think that power should be checked. I definitely don't think if you're like gonna pay that, then you're the queen or the king. Listen, this is a great segue into the fact that I do need to add, because I had two, we've had two fact checks where I talked about Norway.


I need to add some counter facts. Oh, so this isn't a problem they're dealing with here nearly as much. Everyone knows that, right. This, this, these big gaps in income, income, wealth disparity. Yeah. Yeah. Wealth disparity. We have a unique country in how big these gaps are. Very. And they don't really have that to that degree here. Clearly. And it's kind of visceral, you know? Yeah. So I needed to add, 'cause I had been saying that I didn't see a lot of people laughing. Molly and I hiked up the side of this mountain, and we got to the very top, and there was this lovely, I'm gonna say she was 60 and her son was probably 30, and they were at the top of the mountain. And we noticed she was picking something and we were like, are those blueberries?


And she's like, oh yeah, they're blueberries. And she had the little picker, like this little basket you would just scrape on the bush and it would gather all the blueberries. So then I'm just chowing on blueberries. And we talked to this mother and son for like 25 minutes. And it was one of the most lovely conversations I've had with strangers in a decade. Oh, that's nice. Oh, they were so fucking lovely. And, and I said to her, I'm like, this may sound like a rude question, but like, what do all these people do? Like, what, how is anyone employed in the middle of nowhere with these houses? And she said, oh, they're mostly second houses. Somehow it came up that she's like, you know, we have so much oil. The country's just ma they, they export so much oil out of the North Sea.


So they're like pretty wealthy relative to how much they manufacturing they do or something. Right. They have a tremendous amount of natural resources through oil. And she goes, but we have to stop, you know, we have to stop drilling for that oil. And the sun goes, yes, we have to and we won't. And then also having gotten to Oslo where the ratio of, it's kind of like what my, my theory was maybe it's just annoying to have somebody fucking tours. So the ratio has definitely shifted to, there's, there's definitely more inhabitants than there are tourists. And I have noticed that that's made, that's made a difference.


That's made a difference. Interesting. Tons of lovely people. That's very cool. Okay, well, real quick, I finished my book. Okay. I'm scared. Wow. Knocking on your ass. Yes. So last time we talked I was talking about how sexy it is. Yeah. And it is, but it takes so many wild turns. Really? Yes. Does it become a murder thriller? No. Okay. It's a, it's a coming of middle age story. Oh wow. It's so good. But There Is so much to process. And it's a woman going through perimenopause, like her body's changing, her needs and wants are changing.


Figuring out who she is in this world is changing. I mean, it is profound. And I really recommend it. I would love if men would read it. Ah, I'll read it. I think it would be a very interesting exposure on like, what happens to a woman over the course of her life. Yeah. Well, yeah. Let's just say biologically, what seems so cruel is that through evolution, it was determined that 60-year-old women bearing children was not safe for them. So the body evolved to shut down its reproduction.


Yes. At whatever age that is for people between 40 and 50 or whatever it is. Yeah. I don't think men can comprehend exactly what it would be like to be made a non sexually potent creature at some point. No, it's wild. Yeah. We can have kids till wear a hundred. It's wild. There's, you read about every now and then when these guys as a kid at a hundred, they don't ever have to come to terms with that. Yeah. I mean, obviously like reproduction is a huge element. Well, just 'cause it changes your hormones so dramatically to make sure you can't have a kid. Yeah. But the hormones affect everything. Your mood, your mindset, your identity, your e everything. Women are going through so much. It's, it's unreal.


And men too, as far as aging. I mean, there's this whole idea in the book that, you know, basically you're climbing and you're climbing and then basically you're levitating for a minute, and then from then on you're falling. Yeah. Yeah. That's the battle I'm in right now. It's Tough. I mean it, this idea that like, oh, from this point forward, I'm just like, inching towards the end is scary, but it's all perspective. Like, that wasn't my ultimate takeaway by the end. I think it's, it has a more optimistic ending. I, I would really recommend it. And I want men to read it. I will, I'll do it. I saw some photos of myself on this trip where I was like, oh boy, are we losing our hair?


Like, really quick? Is that what's going on today? I'm telling you. Really? don Don't know if it's lighting or whatever. I'm like, whoa. Are we, we're much thinner than I thought we were. And I was online today getting a topical Finasteride. Oh, nice. Yeah, Yeah. Like panicked. I'm like, Jesus Christ, here we go. I'm gonna look just like my dad gonna have a big dome. Yeah. And I was looking at myself in the mirror, like imagining myself because at the rate, you know, you know, when you panic in my mind, the rate at which it's falling out, probably by, by August I'm gonna look like my dad, but I'm gonna fight it. I'm gonna get every topical known to man.


And I ordered several of them today. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, I know. Yeah. It's not gonna get better for me. It's not gonna get better. Well, No, no, no, no, no. That's not true. It's, well, no, hold on. My life may get better. Yeah. But my but physically I'm not gonna be getting better. It's how we define better. Yeah. Balder, I guess. Balder's better. You get more vitamin D through the sun exposure. Oh yeah. Anyhow. Okay. Real quick. So some facts, not very many. This is for Allegra. Now I got it. Just always to keep ourselves honest. This was definitely a good thing that came outta the comments.


This is one this, we gotta give the check in the pros for this one. Okay. I loved this episode. I learned so much. I have so much compassion for Oh, people who suffer with this. Absolutely. Oh man. Oh man. All consuming it sounds. Yeah. Okay. The difference between a cortado and a cappuccino. Oh, okay. That came up. Yep. It's the amount of milk. So a cortado consists of equal parts, Nespresso and steamed milk, ensuring a bounce flavor. A latte has one to three ratio of coffee to milk, making it a milkier option.


Finally, a cappuccino features equal parts of Nespresso steamed milk and frothy milk foam delivering a thicker and foamer texture compared to the other two. Well, perfect timing. Ding, ding, ding. I don't ever drink cappuccinos. And I've had probably 65 since I got This country. Oh, I love cappuccino. That's my go-to, It's so fucking good. 'cause coffee's so bad everywhere. That's not unique to Norway. Like so few people are into coffee the way Americans are. Right. It's not Black coffee. Americano. Like if you get an America, you know, it's, it's an Americano. It's not. So you gotta go cappuccino when you're overseas. And man, have I been putting them back?


Why don't you try cortado next time? See if you like it. I'll see. Yeah, I'll see if that rings a bell. Next place I'm ordering One. They'll know it. It's Very, what we found out, what we found out at least at the last place, is we kept ordering double cappuccinos. 'cause Eric and I want two shot, we want an extra shot in there. And they said that's a flat white. We would never call it a double cappuccino. So now we've been ordering flat whites and boy, boy, George. Are those good? Yeah. Flat whites are good. Okay. There's a chart about all of them, which is fun. You can buy the chart on Etsy. Okay. Okay. A breve, which you know about. Oh, breve latte. Average Nespresso added with steamed half and half to create half creamy texture.


Half. Yeah. When I first met Will Annette, he introduced me to the Brevet on Let's Go to prison. And we were blasting those Brees until we realized they're like 9,000 calories A pop. Yeah. A lot. You can't drink a venti full of half and half. That's not responsible Unless you wanna indulge. How about your birthday or something? Yeah, A flat white. This says a flat white. Oh, get in there. Two ounces. Oh. my God. I just saw your brain. You did. Monica just leaned into the computer so far to read her thing. What Did you, did you see if my nose or something? You saw? I saw the convolutions of that neocortex. Okay.


It says, Nespresso is two ounces and steam milk is four on a flat white now a cappuccino Nespresso, two ounces, steam milk, two ounces faux milk, two ounces. So I, according to this chart, yeah, it's the same amount. It's just different. It's all steam milk in a flat white. Okay. Maybe they added more Nespresso. All of this is Italian, right. So it's like, who knows what each, what each country is interpreted this as. I Think you should do a cortado Cortado, two ounces Nespresso, one ounce foam milk. I just need the thing that says four ounces of Nespresso. There's not, what is that? That's not okay. That's too much.


Nespresso Oh, my God. You could Do a Cafe Olay, that's five ounces coffee and then five ounces steam milk. Can I tell you a great joke that Delta made on this trip? Yeah. There was something to go see in Bergen, a tourist attraction, and it was a cannonball that had been shot at this church and they left it in the wall. Okay. So you could go look, it's still lodged in the wall. So we're driving in the car to the next place, and we're in the car for hours. And I don't know where Delta just goes, Hey mom, you know how they chose to leave that cannonball in the wall?


And over time it became an artifact. I think the next time you tell me to pick up my clothes, I'm just gonna leave them in hopes that they'll become a artifact. That's cute. That's funny. What a wonderful train of thought that was. Yeah, I love that. She's so smart. She is. And Lincoln's so adventurous. She's been jumping off everything and Aw. Scaring me. I looked up, we were playing spades and drinking coffee on this patio of the hotel. And I look up and I see Lincoln, who certainly doesn't think I can see her. They're on the fifth floor and she has gone out on the railing of the balcony and has gone around the outside of the post holding it up.


Oh, my God, something I definitely did a million times when I was a kid. Oh, wow. And I was just watching this from a hundred yards away and she's on the fifth floor and I'm like, yeah. Oof. Oh, scary. That's My child. Yeah. That's your fault. Yeah, it is totally my fault. Okay, now chai means tea in Hindi. I know, I know, I know. Okay. Did you 'cause I did. I did. I did. I just, Because we say chai tea, which is redundant. Yeah, yeah. And when we posted the Bill Gates thing, people were like, chai is tea. And I'm like, I, I know, but, but people still say chai tea where I'm posting this, I guess.


And chai tastes so specific. It's different than green tea and, and herba mate tea. I just like, of course we changed it. We had to, we We had no choice. We did not. We had too Many offerings at all back when there was only one flavor of tea. You could just say chai. Well, we could have made the other teas, we could have made them green chai, you know? Yeah, That's fair. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Well we were coming up with other people named Allegra and you said Allegra buses, but it's actually Allegro bus. Couple days after I had said that, I was looking at Instagram and I follow a guy who has an Allegro bus and he had posted a picture of it and I was like, Hmm, that was wrong.


It's Allegro. Yeah. I'm glad you looked that up. L lest anyone has searched the internet trying to buy an an Allegro bus. Allegro. But that's it. There really weren't much facts. Chai is tea. Chai is tea. Cortado Is not cappuccino. Cappuccino has foam milk and steam milk. Don't drink venti brey lattes. No. Do it if you want. I'm not telling people what to do. You're not gonna be on a campaign against brev lattes. I bet a cream top is a breve of sorts. Well, but with ice cream batter cake Bat's. An ice cream Batter cream. That's a birthday drink. Birthday cake drink.


Well, I hope you go Listen, don't listen to these haters. I hope you go find yourself an ice cold, air conditioned room and a nice pool to swim around in. Thank. Oh yeah. One of that episode had is when we were talking about Hermes. So that's what threw people over the edge. Right? Yeah. Also, ironically, the, that was a Tuesday that this was happening. Yeah. Based on the Monday episode. Wednesday was an episode of Sync and we of course had talked about it also on syc. Oh, okay. So Tuesday night when all this was happening, I was like, fuck.


Like this. There's an episode tomorrow about with more Hermes chit chatter. Yeah. I was like, I'm gonna pull the episode. Oh, I, I really almost did because I was like, I can't, I can't handle what's about to come. Yeah. And then I thought, no, we have advertisers on that episode that it will fuck over. Like I'm just gonna have to deal with this. And then I did. Yeah. But you said the pool one, one of the comments was, 'cause I was talking about the towels and she was like, she doesn't even know how to swim. It got real personal. Yeah, it Oh, it got so personal.


It got so personal. One is she was probably tipsy. Oh wow. Yeah. Like mean shit. Mean Shit. Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, Wow. Anyway, try to be nice. Just, just gonna leave it there. Try to be nice in this world. If You can Give it a shot. Give it a Shot. Just try it out. Give it a shot. See how it feels. Alright, well I love you. I can't wait for our next check in. These are so fun. Me too. Bye. Bye.