
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert Experts on Expert. I'm Dan Shepard and I'm joined by Lily Padman. Hi. Today we have Dr. Alison Wood Brooks. She is a behavioral research scientist and professor at Harvard. At Harvard. That's a very fancy School. Yes. Harvard Business School. That's right. H-B-S-H-B-S. She has a new book out right now called Talk The Science of Conversation and the Art of Being Ourselves. She is an incredibly good guest. So fun. And I do think we take for granted conversation. We think we're just gonna show up and be able to do it. Yeah. I really, really liked this in the context. I mean in general, but dating, which we talk about a fair amount and why a lot of these are not very successful.


Actually put no time into planning how you're gonna Yes. Converse. There's like real tricks for conversation. Yeah. And it's not disingenuous to use them. Yeah. Also, she's an identical twin. Yeah. So we had a lot of fun twin chatter. That part is very cool. And Further imploring us to Find Find a Twin expert. To get an expert. Yeah. We really want that. Yeah. She's one of the guests that we have that is a teacher at a fancy school and their class is like so Impacted the most impact. Yes. Don't really want It Wait list. Yeah. It's one of these favorite classes. Do you know I often, I have a recurring dream. Okay. That I am not fin like everyone's finished with their classes.


It's the last semester and I forgot to like do my, put my classes incorrectly and now I'm behind and I'm gonna have to take all these extra classes to graduate. Yep. And then I'm also looking at the classes and I really want this specific class. 'cause it's like the fun class that everyone wants to take. Yeah. I have this dream a lot. I have half of that. I don't ever have the class I'm trying to take. Okay. But I have the, like what happened? We're mid-semester, have I gone to any classes? Yeah. There's a final, I wake up on set a lot where I'm directing something I haven't read Right. And I'm like, oh my God. Oof. It's ill prepared anxiety, but her Class would be one in my dream.


You should add it. Yeah. You should incorporate it. Yeah. Please enjoy Alison Wood Brooks.


We are supported by the second season of the Hit Apple TV plus comedy series shrinking, which critics are handling as one of the best new comedies on tv. An A FI television program of the year. This highly loaded comedy is both hilarious and poignant. The Stellar Ensemble has been nominated by the Screen Actor's Guild as an outstanding comedy ensemble starring Jason Siegel, Jessica Williams, and o, not to mention the legendary Harrison Ford. Also nominated for a SAG award for outstanding comedy actor Shrinking follows a grieving therapist who ditches the therapy rule book to dish out unorthodox advice to his clients. What could possibly go wrong. Shrinking is now streaming on Apple TV Plus, and you can learn more@appletvplus.com.


We are supported by Better Help. We often hear about the red flags we should avoid, but what if we focus more on looking for green flags in friends and partners? What I've said in the past where it's like it's better to bond over the love of a band with somebody than the hatred of something. Yeah. Yeah. Look for the positive Positivity. Whether you're dating, married, building a friendship, or just working on yourself, it's time to form relationships that love you back. And if you're not sure what green flags you should look for, therapy can help you identify them, actively practice finding them, and even help you bring that green flag energy into your relationship with yourself. Better Help is fully online, which helps make therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide. Access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Discover your relationship, green Flags with Better Help. Visit Better help.com/dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help HE lp.com/dax.


He, Most people who love Diet Coke will acknowledge it does seem to be a bit of an addiction. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause it's a stimulant, right? Yeah. We cut through so many cases of Diet Coke at HBS at Harvard because so many of the faculty are a DH ADHD and they're self-medicating in tiny doses. Makes sense. Yeah. It's they over the Counter Rid book. Yeah. In addition to their real rid list. Although Diet Pepsi's becoming more of a thing.


I don't know If you guys heard about the new trends. Say it. There's a song out called Diet Pepsi and Diet Pepsi. Sales are skyrocket. Come on. Yeah, it's real. I wanna see the, it's a Song. She's A big Pepsi. I wanna see a link to the The data. Yeah. It's real. Some people have converted from Diet Coke to diet. Oh God. I wanted you to say that it was Britney Spears because she had that like amazing, remember the ad back in the day? She was so hot. She was. She's so gorgeous. I would love to see her resurgence. Get back in in Britney Spears with the Diet Pepsi. She's the one bringing it back. You. That's what I want. Right. Addison Ray. Addison Ray. Kind of a new Jen. Britney Spears. Exactly. As if we're being real. I don't know that.


Is that the case? Yeah, it's, it's funny you'd say that 'cause you have a reference in the book. You chose an artist and I was like, that's a young artist. Ariana Grande. Yes. You talk about her video to describe context. Yes. Look at you. Yes. It's your memory. Holy moly. Macho. And I was like, wow, you have three children. I don't know your age. I'm turning 40 next month. Congratulations. Congratulations. I'm at a major inflection point in my life. You're hitting me at the right time. You're young. Where are you from? Allison? I grew Up in upstate New York in the Finger Lakes area. Very rust belty. Oh yeah. When I was growing up there. Not fancy. Since I've moved away and become an adult. It's a beautiful place.


And I think the world is more onto it now. Okay. So what's really exciting, and it comes up quite often this topic, and in fact, we are in search of a great twins expert. Am I the expert? Maybe? Well, I think I might be the expert. I think you're too close to it to be an expert. That's a good point. And you won't be as objective Lived Expert. Sarah is your identical twin. Yes. I don't think I ever really considered this. It's adjacent to self-awareness. We all strive to have a good deal of self-awareness. But you articulate it in the book, and I wouldn't have considered this, is you also have like an external version of self-awareness where you get to watch her move through the world and try things and see how they react. That's very peculiar, isn't it?


It's in an interesting way. Seeing If being more outspoken. Like you can't say, well, it's because they look like this. All the factors are the same. So that is very Interesting. And we all have multiple selves, but as a twin, you get to see one of your sort of selves outside of your body. Yes. It's an amazing lucky life. I don't know anything else, but it's really quite something. Are You mere twins? Is one of you left-handed in one? Right? No. Wow. Bummers. See, that's one of the things I need to answer. How many people are like that? You're right. I'm not an expert. I don't know those answers. But You're identical. We're identical. We didn't know we were identical until high school. What? The AP biology class was like, Hey, can we test you and figure it out? Oh wow. And they did. And then you lay the results side by side. This was way before 23 and me, and they were identical.


I mean, it looked like the same person. Wow. Wow. My parents didn't know they were having twins until I was out. It sounds like the dark ages. Would you feel like an internal embarrassment when she would embarrass herself? Of course. In the same way that you do. If you're hanging out with your sibling or you're very close friend and they do something, there's always a vicarious embarrassment. Yeah. But this is amplified even more because it's a reflection of you. You're watching yourself do an embarrassing thing. Yeah. As it unfolds live. And you have this normal sibling thing where you're like, stop. Yeah. You said there's like a combination of things that were helpful. One was being able to see how you seemed in public, but then also you guys had constant unfiltered feedback.


Two things. You're sort of watching a version of yourself interact in the world. So that's a passive version of feedback where you're seeing how the world reacts to this version of you. But then you're also directly talking to each other in the way that very close siblings do. And you feel even more empowered to be sort of brutal to each other. Right? Yeah. Like, what the hell was that? Ew. Gross. Don't do that. Relentless. We are still that way. She lives a mile down the road from me. Oh, she does? She also has three kids, two boys and a a little girl. No. Swear to God. And is she a professor? She's not a professor. She's a cool twin. She runs a nonprofit. It's amazing. It's called Prime coalition. I Never thought of that either. You could only give so many compliments to your identical twin before would sound It's so toast. It would sound indulgent and narcissistic.


That's right. Feel like she's beautiful. She's Super smart. Yeah. She's a deathly even. He's smart person I've ever met Who looks as pretty as her. Yeah, you gotta be careful. Exactly. It's like a weird self toast. Yeah. But honestly, I admire her so much. She's done really amazing things. So Your hair's naturally curly, big Time. And You chose to straighten your hair. So you were doing things to try to carve out some individual. The whole existence, my whole existence anyway, is every moment you're making these choices of who am I gonna be? How are we similar? How are we gonna differentiate? When are we gonna cooperate and work together and collaborate? When are we gonna compete? She's gonna play the flute. I'm gonna play the oboe, but we're both gonna be in the orchestra.


Yeah. And you were a three point shooter and she was a mid-range shooter. She's a three point shooter. Vice versa. I got that Brooks mid-range. Woo. Okay. So you both played basketball. It must've been so fun when you guys came to schools in junior high and people were like, there's twins on this team. We were not quiet. Drinking Violet. One of me would've already been a lot. Yeah. There is this added layer of like you like a boy if he likes you. I don't know. Conceivably, he'd also like, was there anything tricky there? Of course. I think we only dated the same guy once. What If you said four times? Well, you did do that maybe when you're young. One year we held hands for a week and then four years later they went on a date. I think that's kind of the extent Of it, Because that would be really weird.


And are your current husbands similar? They are similar in some ways, but quite different. Okay. She's always had different tastes than me actually in suitors and in the ways that compliment how she and I are different from each other. And you saw this a little bit in the book. I was so hard on her about who she was dating. My expectations for who she would end up with were even higher than for myself, which are already so high. Did you ever feel inferior to her or superior or both? Both. Because it's like having a mirror. You actually get a better sense of what you're good at and not good at. Because you have this example of someone who is actually slightly better or slightly worse than you at certain tasks. Yeah. As a psychologist now, for a long time I would've loved to believe that everything is malleable.


Everything is trainable and learnable. And you can change so much about yourself. Beautiful. But I think being an identical twin does highlight how many things are outside your control. And genetic. Our hands, If you laid them side by side, I could not tell them apart our feet, our voices. I still to this day answer the phone. Hello, says Allison. Because I can't even tell the difference in our voices. Just on the phone. There are things about our bodies and about your mind that you don't have control over. And then I had my own kids, they each come out so different. Yeah. And you're like, holy cow, nature's really a thing. It's fascinating. It's Really, it's so Fascinating. So you went to Princeton for undergrad and then you went to Wharton for graduate school.


What was the undergrad degree in? Psychology was my major and I got a minor. They called a certificate there in finance. Not because I was interested in finance per se, but because I was really interested in economics and this judgment and decision making. Behavioral science stuff or Behavioral economics. Yeah. Wait, sorry. I have one more twin thing. I know. Oh, it's okay. We're past twins. I have to know If you have the thing that they all have where you can sort of read each other's minds In this book. And in my course and in conversation in general, there's so much mind reading that you have to do of all people. Yes. Yes. Like we're constantly trying to figure out what are they thinking about? How are they feeling? Are they interested in this right now? Are they bored? There's this tremendous level of mind reading.


I think twins get better at that with each other. This is a hypothesis. This has not been studied. But possibly they get better at it with other people as well because they just had more practice doing it. Their whole development, their whole childhood. But I think that's where the stereotype comes from with twins, is that they can read each other's minds. They've spent a lot of time together. They know each other really, really well. And their brains work similarly. True. See, we got into a little bit of a chat about the validity of these telepathy tapes thing that's going around. We were using ourselves as examples. 'cause we're both quite good at predicting what the other, I'm more inclined to think it's just pattern recognition. And I also think If you a observed your sister her whole life, so God, you've seen her react to every way.


And then intuitively you kind of know how you would react. You know, input A is going to equal this stimulus is going to equal this output. I tend to believe it's that. Totally. And what it has shown me is, even though we're so good at predicting what the other person will do, we have this tight knit, which psychologists would call shared reality. You're better at predicting what your twin's gonna do than probably anyone else in the world. And I still don't know exactly what she's thinking and feeling. Yeah, right. It just shows you, even when you have so much in common, you have the same upbringing, the same genes, so many shared experiences, you still can't read people's Times. There's still a mystery element you Can get close. The more you interact with somebody, the more you actually care and are good at pattern recognition and pick up on patterns in their behavior and how they think you can get better at it, especially within specific relationships.


But you still don't know perfectly what Monica's thinking all the time. I think what's interesting and worth following up on that thought is I actually think you probably could always predict, but you're often missing a lot of the context. Yes, yes. You don't know what happened. This is the first example that we get to in your book. You know your sister really well, but you don't know if when she stopped at the gas station, someone called her a whore. You know everything else you've observed, But that thing is still floating around. So I do think If you did know all the details, you would be in still the high nineties. It's just we don't really know all the details. Exactly. Right. Okay. So in graduate school you start focusing on negotiation.


Yeah. And emotions. Yeah. Why people's behaviors impacted by their feelings. Yeah. So what caught your attention? I Realized that there was a lot of research in clinical psychology about anxiety and the sort of high level anxiety that requires medication or therapy. And I was like, you know what though? Everybody's feeling anxious a lot of the time and it's influencing how they're walking through the world. All of the decisions they're making, all of these choices, how they talk to other people. I wonder if there's a way that we can study anxiety in that way that's sort of outside this fear of clinical psych as a pathology that needs diagnosis, which is obviously so important.


But what about the sort of lower grade normal anxiety that most people are feeling a lot of the time? Let's figure out how that's influencing the choices that they're making as they go through their day. Negotiation was one of the places that we looked, but we also looked at advice. When do you seek advice? When do you take advice? Who do you seek it from? Who do you seek it from? Do you feel like you have to listen to it? Dax doesn't seek advice from anyone. No, I do. But remember I said I seek the advice that I think I'm going to give. Oh, Right. We did talk about that to confirm. Yeah. If I wanna indulge in this bad behavior, I call a person I know who regularly indulges in that and it's not gonna say, you know better. And then when I actually want to change, I call Tom Hanson.


Okay, so you end up at Harvard teaching negotiation and you start doing a lot of clinical work and experiments. Yes. And it definitely expands out. I have a list of fun things. Negotiation has been this course that's been taught at every business school and law school for a long time now. It's a great course. The students show up, they take on these roles and they pretend to be, you know, the manager of a factory and you have to negotiate all this stuff. It's informative, it's great. As I was teaching it though, a couple things occurred to me. One, our students at Harvard are already very strategic people. And I was like, do I need to be teaching people who are already quite strategic to be even more hard driving?


Yeah. Does that align with my values? That's question number one. Number two, so many of the exercises were like, well, you have to negotiate for a car, or you're gonna go buy a house, or you're gonna negotiate a merger or a really big deal at work. I was like, I'm a grownup. And I don't really have those conversations very often, maybe once every two months. But you know what I do all the time is talk to people in conversations that on their surface should be easy. And then at moments I'm like, Ooh, this is maybe not as easy or as fun as it should be. So my sort of aperture of what I was getting curious about and thinking about how to help people with sort of widening. Yeah. You Did experiments on speed dating, parole hearings, Ooh.


Doctor, patient interactions, negotiations, sales calls, instant messaging, face-to-face, chin wags between strangers. What's That? I love that word. Chinwag is literally your chin. Just B, B, b. It's a synonym for talking. Oh, 1930s, You got chinwag. I need to know that's what you do here. That's true. True. You could put all of those under the umbrella of negotiating. Right. It's true. And I think the things that would be normally studied or you be drawn to is all the things you listed are quantifiable. Like I want this amount. They're offering this amount, the outcome's measurable. But in a romantic relationship, you get into these gradients of leverage and control and power. Those are not easy to quantify and measure the outcome of.


I Remember very vividly back when I was teaching the negotiation course, I had a student raise her hand one day and she was like, so is this just about like solving a math problem? Because in the way that those exercises were set up and the way that we think about negotiating it sort of is because it's all these things that are quantifiable. You've put numbers on what you care about, and then you try and sort of trade on differences to expand the size of the pie and then claim the largest part of it. And as a psychologist, it made me deeply uncomfortable. Not everything is quantifiable so much about life and about how we feel towards each other is emotional and trust and fun and love and I wanna keep this private and just felt like we were missing a big piece.


Yeah. I wrote down you said, while strategic and technical skills can help people get ahead in many ways, being a successful person is about relationships and relationships are about talking. And I guess I wondered, did you kind of feel like the previous work in communication and negotiation felt maybe a little too calculated or manipulative? Even when I have people on that'll be like how to talk to the right or how to talk to the left. I'm like, the underbelly still feels like the ultimate goal is to get someone to believe the things you do, which I think fundamentally I'm against. Yeah. And missing a huge part of what it means to be the most human we can be and we love each other and wanna have fun together. Yeah. And it's like not about just sort of transactional, how can I get as much information out of you?


How can I tell you the most amount of information? Even now, a lot of economists focus very narrowly on information exchange. Are we exchanging accurate information? But so much of the social world is not about information exchange at all. We're just looking to fill time. We're looking to conceal information and maintain privacy. We just don't wanna feel awkward around other people. We wanna have fun. We wanna learn from each other. I felt like that whole bit needed more of a focus. So you Took all these conclusions and then you wove it into a class you called talk how to talk gooder in business and life. I don't know where you got that, but what a stroke of genius that is. How to talk gooder in business and life.


But it became hugely popular. It's a heavily impacted class at Harvard and you've taught a thousand students over the last four years. You were invited to be a consultant to the Celtics. Wow. Dang girl. Mid-range jump shots now you found Your way to the Celtics as a That's right. Basketball player. It all circles back. Yeah. Talk is a practical guide to having better conversations in a variety of settings, work, parenting, dating, trying to make connection. And so my first question is, do you think we underestimate the complexity of conversations? I think we all just are like, yeah, conversations. I know how to have them. I am having them all day long.


Chinwag, I might underestimate actually. What an abstract and complicated thing a conversation is just on the surface. I mean, we start learning to talk to each other when we're one, one and a half. You're a toddler. You do it every day of your life with an enormous number of people, very diverse range of conversation partners. So by the time you get to be a teenager and then an adult, it's second nature to you. It feels like you should be an expert and Maybe you are an expert. You see other people who are seemingly amazing at it and you're like, wow. And then you feel bad If you feel like you're not. It also has the illusion of being innate, which it's not. Right? It's like reading. It's this very abstract thing. I'm making a bunch of noises to transfer the thoughts I have inside of my brain, internally into your brain internally.


It's crazy. And you're gonna respond in a way that you'll transfer your thoughts. That is highly complicated. When You look under the hood of what's going on during conversation, it is remarkably complex. You get to this point of acceptance where you're like, of course there's gonna be moments of awkwardness. Of course we're gonna forget to say stuff that we meant to say or say things that we regret or interrupt people or have all these little collisions because it's not second nature. And watching children learn to do it, reading or talking opens your eyes to how this is not natural. This is not innate. It's hard to learn to read. It takes years to really get good at reading. It takes even longer to learn how to be a good conversationalist. And we get to adulthood and we're still not that great. Right.


So I guess in just thinking it's innate, you might not think that it's something that you could approach mindfully with a tactic. I like that you say people will put 20 minutes into planning their outfit to go meet someone. Everybody. Yeah. And they'll put zero thought into, when I arrive, what will I talk about? What topics do I bring up? You don't give it any thought. Think About how much time you spend picking out your outfit, making a reservation at the restaurant, buying your makeup, getting your hair done. And literally during all of that, you could be thinking, what are two things we could talk about once we're together? But most people don't do that. Right? You just take for granted. It'll just happen. It'll flow. And then The dates, does it feel suck, Right? Well, yes.


But also do you think people might feel like that's contrived? I know people think it's contrived. Yeah. So we've asked people, there's tremendous aversion to this idea of forethought, particularly for people that you know really well. And it goes back to this assumption or this hope that it's second nature. You have this feeling that conversation should feel natural. You say it's the myth of naturalness, The myth of naturalness. It should feel spontaneous and invented on the spot and a little bit magical that you just land on topics that are fun to talk about and there's never gonna be a lull. And you're gonna just know where to go. And we feel that way even more with people that we know really well and love.


We're like, oh, it'll just come. Which is maybe true a little bit more when you know somebody well compared to like your work colleague that you don't like. But in all of the cases, whether you're averse or not, when you actually have people plan topics ahead of time, their conversations are measurably better. Well, I love that you're contrasting it with the other amounts of effort you put in. No one's thinking like, well, I'll just naturally look good and if I don't naturally look good, it's not a fit. Or I'll naturally arrive there. No, none of these things are gonna happen. So would you give me a little historical context for conversation, how we thought of conversation, how it's evolved. I was kind of fascinated with the power dynamic of a monarchy and how that affected things.


How has our idea of a conversation evolved? We actually know very little about when humans evolve, the ability to have dialogue and talk to each other. Estimates vary quite widely. There are signs in the archeological record, the fossil of jewelry is a sign that they must have learned to talk by this point because they had to pass that knowledge down across generations in order for it to be trapped in the archeological record. Or they even do these super fascinating things. Well yes, they'll find a necklace of fox teeth and then they'll do the actual math of how long it would take to procure that many teeth and then string it and all the work that would be involved.


And what you have to acknowledge about this necklace is that it was a group effort. Exactly. And then they make hypotheses about, well, would they have been able to collaborate on this if they hadn't yet learned to actually talk to each other? Communicate in some way. You would have to be able to tell them, here's what we're making. We're gathering teeth because we're gonna make this, here's the Project. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Someone have to lay out a game plan. That's how we're trying to figure out when did humans evolve this ability? Then you fast forward, the book starts in the 17 hundreds when there were all of these monarchies in Europe whose kings and queens told people how to talk to each other. Here are the people who are allowed to talk to each other at these times. And these are the topics and here are all the compliments you have to say about me.


Yeah, yeah. Right. That was it. And then around the French Revolution and right after in the enlightenment and during what was called the age of conversation, people started to realize, oh, we can get together and talk about what we wanna talk about. And it was in these fancy salons in Paris, and it was happening all over Europe. And so the book Zooms in on e Emmanuel K, who was this famous philosopher. Yes. We love Kant. And he lived a very fascinating, very regimented life. Most of his life. He would get up and he would go for his walk at a specific time. He would sit down and do his work at a specific time. They called him the konigsberg clock. Oh. A very regimented guy. He was not wealthy until late in his life.


When he was finally able to afford the home of his own, he Couldn't even get a professorship. Blew my mind. That's crazy. Yeah. He lived at boarding houses and he was like a sub teacher, basically. He Sub teacher. And he would have dinner in these rowdy pubs at night. And as this fancy, very smart philosopher, he would get really annoyed. He's like, this is boring. I wanna talk to smart people about my smart ideas. So finally when he was able to get his own house, he started hosting these dinner parties, which became very well known. They were highly coveted invitations to Kant's house for these dinner parties. What I found so fascinating to read about in Lauren is that his dinner parties had all these rules of conversation. So he almost was kind of acting like this little king and his kingdom. Yeah. Yeah.


And his rules were, we're gonna talk about specific topics at the beginning. We're gonna talk about specific topics in the middle. Then we're gonna joke at the end. We're gonna have food and wine that mirrors each of the phases of the meal. I wanna go to this. Right. He curated the guest list. So you wouldn't have five physicians, you'd have a physician, you'd have a A priest, clergy member. Priest. Yeah. So it was gonna be an eclectic group. There were some grounders, like no interrupting, no monologuing, No arguing. So surprisingly he didn't like debate. He didn't really, like when people argued about stuff, especially about the French Revolution, he was like, this is for us to have fun and learn from each other. And it should feel delightful the whole time. Take the ideas or leave the ideas. You don't have to defeat them.


Exactly. And so that was sort of the beginning of it. During the age of conversation, this idea was cropping up all over Europe. There were all these philosophers who were pontificating about what it meant to have good sparkling conversation. It was sort of subversive because it was the first time that they weren't just doing what the king or queen told them to do. And then the industrial revolution happened and people started mixing a lot more. We're not just talking about highfalutin philosophers, getting their fancy friends together. People are going everywhere all the time. You never know who you're gonna run into in all classes, in all status. So we need to now figure out what are we talking about? How are we talking? What are the new rules of conversation?


Well, what you're first describing is that mixing of the class is hugely impacted by the move from rural life to city life. You live within a stone's throw of the rich person, And you're gonna see them on this road as you're walking past and you're allowed to greet each other. If you say hi, what are you gonna say? Can you even tell who's who anymore? Right. Yeah. And I love that. Yeah. The boundaries really fell apart. So your framing of this is to think of conversation in terms of a coordinated game, which you take from game theory. Tell me what a coordinated game is. Yes. So fast forward, so all of this mixing is happening. The big experiment in democracy is happening in America. All the Europeans think that Americans are no good at conversation.


We're talking about ourselves all the time. Spit while they're talking. I mean, there's all kinds of stereotypes developing. Fast forward a bit more in the mid 19 hundreds, middle of the 20th century game theory appears. So these are economists and game theorists like John Nash from A Beautiful Mind. Oh, it was a movie. Sure, Sure. Yvon Neuman. Yes. Morgan Stern, Thomas Shelling. Now, they studied what they called coordination games, which Were Really simple, but at the time they were really hot and flashy. So it'd be like the Game of chicken as a coordination game. Any choice, two or more people are making independently that they can't talk to each other. So like in a game of chicken, you're coming towards each other.


You both have to choose Am and it gonna go right. Or am I gonna go left? Yeah, but you can't talk about it. If you coordinate, you pass successfully. Motorcycles or seadoos or whatever. You're sure Horses with Js. Yes, exactly. If you miss coordinate, you collide. That's a simple one. There are non-cooperative coordination games like the Prisoner's dilemma. Do you know the prisoner's dilemma? The Stanford Prison? No. No. That's different. That's a Stanford prison experiment. Okay. Where had Millville the prisoner's dilemma? Oh my God, I did it. Wow. You're good. I've been trying to remember who did the Stanford Prison, and I told Her, I don't care. Yeah. But I said, I'm going to commit this to memory. And I did. Did you did. Good job. Did. I thought you just had an electric shock just Now. I said how I felt Remp. That's how I react to the name too. Oh yes.


Milgram did the Sanford Prison experiment and the shocks. No, no. Shocks Is the, the Shock we just learned about is Different. That was in England. That was a different guy. I thought Milgram Did shocks Or is it Milgram that did shocks? Yeah. Yeah. Philip Zimbardo. Zimbardo did. Yeah. Oh my gosh. You flipped 'em. Yes. Oh My God. Hoist bat. And you were celebrating and I congratulated you. This is wonderful. Damn. This was a horrible conversation. And Okay, so Zimbardo did. Yeah. Stanford Prison. I think Milgram is like the shock. Milgram. Okay. I'm never gonna Be. I'm gonna quiz you at the end. Stay tuned for more armchair expert.


If you dare.


We are supported by Prime video. You know that feeling when you go to log into a streaming service and you forgot your password, or when you have to switch from app to app trying to find the movie you wanna watch. Stop wasting time toggling between the apps and start watching the content you want to watch right away. With Prime Video. On Prime Video, you can add over a hundred subscriptions like Max Apple TV plus and Paramount plus all in one app. That means more time watching and more time relaxing. I've got the perfect example. Arm Cherry favorite Matthew McConaughey is in so many of our favorite titles. You could have a Matthew McConaughey Marathon Day. Start with Drew Detective on Max, then check out the Lincoln lawyer on MGM Plus and top it off with Romcom Classic. How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days on Paramount Plus. That's a good way to spend a day. You can watch all of those titles and more without ever leaving the Prime video app. I think I may take a little Nicholas Cage binge on Amazon Prime. Oh my goodness, that sounds nice. No, sign me up. Streamline your streaming today. Check out subscriptions on Prime Video.


We are supported by ZipRecruiter. Oh, get recruiting. According to research, A major challenge many employers face is the pressure to hire quickly. It's a tough hurdle to overcome. It's so time consuming to search for great candidates and sort through applicants. Well, If you are an employer who can relate, I have a question for you. Have you tried ZipRecruiter? ZipRecruiter has figured out how to solve this very problem. In fact, four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. And right now you can try ZipRecruiter for free at ziprecruiter.com/dax. ZipRecruiter smart technology starts showing your job to qualified candidates immediately. Their powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent so you don't waste time or money. See a candidate who'd be perfect for your job. You can use ZipRecruiter pre-written invite to apply message to personally reach out to your favorite candidates. So relax employers and let ZipRecruiter speed up your hiring. See for yourself. Just go to ziprecruiter.com/tax right now to try it for free. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/dax. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire bottom.


Wow. We are supported by the Lenovo Yoga Aura Edition imagined with Intel. You know, we love chatting and learning about AI here on the show. With the incredible advances in tech and AI over the last couple of years, you need a laptop that can keep up great news. Lenovo and Intel have joined forces to engineer the best laptops in the industry. The Lenovo Yoga or edition is an impossibly thin light laptop. It can go wherever you do. Plus the battery automatically optimizes for efficiency. So you can go longer without a charge. No more hunting for outlets at a coffee shop. It also has a fully equipped touchscreen with bold popping visuals that retain accuracy across your projects. It's perfect for digital artists, designers, amateur photographers, and more. Even movie lovers will love watching this because you don't just want your technology to work. You want it to help elevate your work to places you never expected. It's possible on your intel. A ipc. Learn more about Lenovo Aura edition. A IPCs at lenovo.com/aura.


Okay, sorry. So yours is separate from all of it. Different. Forget about Zimbardo's Sanford prison experiment. Forget about the shocks. So the prisoner's dilemma is a coordination game that people were thinking about. You imagine there's two people being questioned in separate rooms, interrogated about a crime, and they both face a choice and they can't talk to each other about it to either stay quiet or snitch. Ah, yeah. Okay. If they both stay quiet, they're gonna go to jail. But not for very long. If they both snitch, they both go to jail for much longer. So it seems simple that you should stay quiet. Except If you snitch and the other guy stays quiet, you walk free. Yes. Yeah. This is great. Everybody is tempted to betray.


And so this is a non-cooperative coordination game because you're incentivized to not cooperate. Oh, interesting. You are also incentivized to cooperate. That's what makes it hard. The biggest reward is to walk free. I'm trying to measure it in a utilitarian way. I feel like both people with a reduced sentence is still, Well, it's better. Better in theory logically. But If you are the person, You start to get the sense why these games are interesting to people. 'cause then you can change all kinds of stuff. Who are you imagining in the other room? What's your relationship with them? What do you know about the person? If you did this game 10 times in a row based on their prior behavior, what are you doing? The last round round? Russians have a weird outcome in this game. Tell Me, I wish I could remember the source.


'cause it'll just sound like xenophobia. But yet one of these many books that has talked about the prison experiment talked about how Russians asymmetrically will punish even when it costs them. These Games have been studied so much that I'm sure there are lots of cross-cultural findings about Yeah. Yeah. How Germans play and how everyone plays. So economists and game theorists were kind of obsessed with these coordination games. Now, fast forward to now, we have whole fields that have been studying social psychology, communication, all of this stuff. And what I realized is even though we have these whole fields that are about interpersonal interaction, not a lot of people had gone to the trouble of actually recording real people talking to real people at very large scale.


The reason they hadn't is because we needed new technology to do it. Right. You couldn't have film cameras running, although your hometown would love it. Kodak would still be thriving. But yeah, we needed a digital revolution. We natural language processing and machine learning to help us analyze tons of transcripts at once. We just weren't ready to do it until very recently. But as we were sort of like, oh, we should do that. We should record tons of conversations and analyze them. I also realized conversation is just like those coordination games that the game theorists were studying back in the 1950s. Like Thomas Shelling, he has a famous one where he asks people, If you had to meet up with people at noon tomorrow in New York City, where would you go?


I know what the answer to this is. Wait, Is it a riddle or is it just a fun Talking? It's just a coordination game. You can't talk about it. Oh. And everybody writes down their, I Unfortunately know too much about it. Let's pick la. Let's do it. Okay. Yeah. So If you had to meet up with Monica tomorrow, somewhere in LA at noon, think in your mind where you would go, don't change. It's not here. It can't be here. Right. Monica, what's your answer, Kara? Yeah, Same. Oh, The bar at Carra. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Or the restaurant. So nice. Yeah, that's exactly what I thought. Is that just 'cause we know that we, Yes. So the New York one, a lot of people will say the Empire State Building. It's a landmark.


Let's see the Brooklyn Bridge. But there is a right answer. The Most frequent one that people say is Grand Central. Central Station. Station. Everyone will be arriving there. Yeah. So there is a kind of a high probability. Logical, It's kind of a riddle. Kind Of a riddle. Yeah. Little bit. Ka, she called them focal points. It's because it's stuff that your mind goes to quickly that you think other people are gonna do. Yeah. High probability. The first thing you think of when you think of New York, I'll go there. Yeah. Or here. That's a focal point for you in your shared reality and your relationship. Yeah. That helps you coordinate. So what we realized about conversation is it's just like these coordination games, except every little moment is like a coordination game. When you're trying to decide what are we gonna talk about next? How are we gonna talk about it?


What are they excited for me to ask, where should we go next requires this level of shared reality, these focal points and this mind reading. But it's so much more than just one choice. Do you stay quiet or snitch? It's like, and now. And now. And now and now. And you have to make those choices relentlessly. It's almost incredible. We can communicate. I agree. It is incredible. That's what linguists will tell you. Almost everyone can relate to some social anxiety. The fear of small talk being an elevator. And that is all present. But in general, it goes shockingly well. It's the anomaly. You hear two people screaming at each other on the sidewalk, And even when they're screaming at each other, they're taking turns, they're listening to each other.


There is some information being exchanged that they may get the opportunity to rehash later. Exactly. Still amazing that we are able to do this. And when you look at actual transcripts between real people, whether they're shouting at each other or not, you start to realize, oh, it is a train wreck. We're interrupting each other all the time. We're not actually listening. We're having half finished thoughts. We get excited about a thing. And then we get excited about another thing. You said 24% of the time your mind is wandering. And I think that's an underestimate because as a proud member of the recent legion of middle aged people who've been diagnosed with a DHD, so this was my research and it really hit home. It was very validating. So there was previous research showing that our brains are not built to focus on one thing.


So our resting state is mind wandering outside of conversation. And our research, we looked at it in conversation. So we interrupted people every five minutes. And we were like, were you just listening to your partner? Were you just listening to your partnering? Asking them to self-report, Which is gonna be, I think, skewed low. It is way skewed low. Yeah. Because people know that it's not polite to say, I wasn't listening. Right. Or they're not sure if they were listening because they weren't listening. They probably thought, oh, of course I was listening. But not really. They probably couldn't Repeat. Or you think you're doing both things. Yeah. I'm listening and I'm wandering, which Is often true. Yeah. So I think this 24%, number one is staggeringly high and comforting to realize. And two, probably a huge underestimate of what's really happening.


This is Why you've always saying that an AI companion might actually be wonderful 'cause they actually won't be thinking about anything but you. And they have no agenda to promote their own. I'm so curious and excited to see what happens with it. But you, you just put your finger on exactly the thing that as a teacher coach, scholar of conversation, this is what's been on my mind about it, which is what makes someone a good conversationalist is relentlessly trying to focus on the other person and what the other person needs. And ai, if you're talking to a chat bot, they don't have any of their own sincere needs. They are only there to serve your needs. And what I worry about is that the more we interact with an entity like that, a non-human entity that's just there to serve you. And it's so good at serving you.


Right? Yeah. It's amazing at serving you. It's A narcissist machine. Exactly. Is training us to, when we turn to an actual human, forget that the mission is the complete opposite. Really? That's so true. Yeah. I think a, it's bad muscle memory for future conversations, but I actually don't even think it'll be appealing. Now it will be appealing to people who are objectively lonely. Yes. Yeah. The reward of conversation is the primate social interaction and the approval and the status and the connection and all the web of what being a social primate is. So having it within Inaba object doesn't really get you what you're after. I'm so curious to start studying who is this appealing to?


Who is enjoying it and why? There Will be no stakes in that conversation. Yeah. With an ai, there's always stakes between any real one-on-one relationship that come up. You're Going on a journey through someone else's mind. Yes. I was just telling Monica, when I'm using the AI to make an image, I actually to break myself of all my habits I have when dealing with people. And when I was dealing with AI the first time, it would generate the image. I would go, great. Literally take the time to say this to the ai. Great job. Really good start. I think where we could do better. And I did this four or five times and I was like, oh, I don't have to do any of this. I can treat it like a fucking slave. Yeah. But then What If you lost that skill? I know. It's like, how often am I doing that?


Where then I talk to a human like that? Yeah. Just as obviously my muscle memory made me talk to a computer like that. Right. Which is insane If you think about it. It's lovely. Good job little guys. It's nice. It's lovely. You're a good boy. They Wanna be real boys. Anyway, this is a ding, ding, ding. 'cause I was just talking about this with one of our friends. She has somebody in her life who doesn't have a lot of friends and struggles with that. And I was like, well, it would be great if there was a robot friend. This person has other outlets and is not fully reliant on her and can go to dinner with this robot. And you could program it to have the type of conversation you want. And yes, it sounds scary, but it's unfair because we're good at making friends.


Yes. I was gonna say, I'm saying that and that's a luxury. 'cause I have real people in my life and I'm not terribly lonely. Yeah. And I think it'll be more appealing. My prediction for what'll make it work is they're actually going to have to build in tension. It Has to care about things. That's what's gonna help it simulate a real person. Those desires will never be sincere, but you can tell it to pretend to care about things. It Needs the ability to get pissed off at you. Yeah. And be cold to you for it to work And complicated. And I mean, ideally not give you what you need all the time. It's Like when they talk about building the sim as a hedonic treadmill, it won't work. Like If you have a simulation for humans to live in, just getting everything they want all day long will be a failed simulation. What I worry about is people who are already lonely probably don't love conversation.


Maybe they're not as good at it. Or maybe they're just more shy. And then they do find AI particularly rewarding. There are so many underserved populations or vulnerable populations. Why that would be the case. It's like a little bit of a downward spiral then. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Where it's actually then ruining your muscle memory for how to actually engage with real people. Okay. So you lay out an architecture in the book to improve conversation. I do. And it's conveniently got an acronym, which is talk. So we have topics. Did you back acronym that? What does that mean? We just learned that too. Oh my God. We can't Act like we No, I am. Teach me. This is Like Milgram. It's surpris. Does it mean you back into it? Yes. You're out past your SKIMS a lot to I Feel really Baldy.


Huge Swing Gro. Yeah. But okay. Did you have talk? And then you're like, I'm gonna figure Out. I honestly don't really remember the deductive versus inductive process of it. What I do remember are the things that struck me as the most helpful and surprising as we were learning them from our research. And then I was able to craft them into a very logical item framework that builds in complexity over time, focuses on this informational, transactional things we need to do in conversation. And the emotional relational stuff. It in a way quite ambitious because it's trying to encapsulate the full landscape of what we're trying to do in the social world. But talk does stand for topics asking levity, kindness.


So let's start with topics you claim small talk isn't the enemy. And I have to push back on that. I talk for a living. I enjoy it so much. But having to talk about the weather, the fucking weather. But this is the thing. You don't do small talk. You move past it immediately. That's why people like listening to you. It's why people like talking to you as you don't get trapped in small talk world. So tell me why it's not bad. Yeah. Why should we embrace it? So Many things about the way that we talk to each other are deeply ingrained social rituals, small talk among them. You have to start at small talk. If you are meeting someone for the very first time, we have to start somewhere. And it has to be a topic that anybody could talk about easily. It's this well worn place that you're searching.


Ideally move away from towards something more personalized, more interesting, more exciting. The goal would be to chase the energy away from it. The problem isn't with the small talk itself, but people get trapped there too long. Yeah. Yeah. They linger. Yes. Yes. And it starts to feel dutiful and awful and meaningless and shallow. And that's what everybody dreads. And this is where we get into what we talked about, having a bit of a game plan before you end up places. In fact, you talk about the outcome of dates for a second date is kind of measurable If you go in with a bit of a game plan. So one of the techniques is switching topics frequently. You gotta come with some in the holster, I guess. Actually we saw this in the dating data. One of the killers of conversation, dating or otherwise are long pauses.


Long pauses happen. When you've stayed too long on something that you don't have anything left to say, why you've Really beaten a dead horse. People start repeating things they've already said about it. They start laughing uncomfortably, oh, the pauses get longer. Yeah, we gotta go somewhere else. Yeah. By the way, just can we take a second? Like that's one of the worst feeling. It's just even you describing it, mirror neurons. And I think we all do. And that's when people are like, fuck it, I'll just be lonely. This a Little panicky feeling. Some people feel a great sense of responsibility in those moments to be the one to come up with the next thing. I think a lot of introverts are sort of like, it's not my job, but I'm hating this. Right. I'm not gonna fix it, but I feel it. This is the worst. Just having this mindset shift of before you even get to that panicky lull type of thing, moof, be more assertive about going to somewhere else.


Don't be afraid to just drop an non-sequitur and die. Oh yeah. People go right with you. Yeah. That's preferred to this long pause. Of course. Yeah. I watched this amazing movie last night on the airplane. Which one? It was called We Live In Time. That sounds familiar. It's with Florence Pugh and Andrew Garfield. Oh, that's, isn't it supposed to be so sad? I subbed the whole way here. But you know there's been social science work on this on an airplane. It's worse. You have a heightened sense of vulnerability. I was alone and my husband wasn't there. The whole thing. Yes. Your kids were gonna miss you. Also, this movie is supposed to be so sad. It was amazing. Just, I love, we're gonna get back to the movie. Movie. The reason I raised it is because I did the thing we were talking about. I was about to say, I was about to say, I think you're doing it.


I did the thing where you just start talking about something else and everybody goes with you. You guys, it's fun. Well, you knew that Monica knew she was gonna, I know You've saying you know a lot of stuff that you don't actually know. So I feel like this is continuing the pattern. You've already welcome my World. I knew it. I knew it. Then why'd you participate? 'cause I thought it'd be rude not to because I'm a good conversationally. But If you just start talking about something else, I Feel betrayed. Be careful who you're talking to. I feel manipulated now. I don't trust you and I'm scared. Now I'm gonna be dominant. Okay, go back to the movie for real. It's so good. I'm so good. I sob so much.


Okay. Asking questions. This makes sense. I just want to give a personal anecdote and there's a big shout out to Scotty Johnson. So I met this boy early into LA and everywhere we went, every single girl was in love with him. A, he was objectively cuter than all of us, that's for sure. But it was happening with guys and with girls and everyone. At first, I just chalked it up to he's magic. You can't really strive for that. You're magic or you're not. But at some point I was like, this guy asked more questions than anyone I've ever met in my life. And I really made a mental note, oh, I wanna move through the world a lot more like Scotty. And I've gotta really up my game on asking questions.


It's so Powerful. Let me ask about Scotty Now. I know you just did that. No, I didn't even do it on purpose. He, He asked you a Question. Oh my God, that one wasn't and I knew it Monica's with Me. Did he ask particularly good questions or was he just asking really anything? He had this ability to seem crazy interested in anything and He probably was. Yeah. Yeah. By the way, this is an AA thing. Acting your way into thinking different versus thinking your way into acting D. Beautiful. Something could feel fraudulent to you on the surface, but you might be shocked with repetition how genuine it gets. This Is a debate that we have in my class all the time because these students are coming to this class on conversation.


I'm teaching them about the types of behaviors that tend to work. And then they try them with intentionality and of course through the whole thing they're thinking, but isn't this manipulative if I do this with intentionality and knowing that I'm doing it, doesn't that make it by definition inauthentic in some way? Right. What's unique about conversation is maybe for a fleeting second and you think to yourself, I should ask a question now. And then you do in that moment, you're sort of nudging yourself to do it. But everything that comes after that is sincere. Yeah. I'll Also add, it's a reward center activity in that, what'll shock you is people are more interesting than you thought they were. You can only discover that through asking them questions because they themselves aren't great at remembering the most exciting detail of their life to share with you at that moment.


But you could inadvertently lead them. Yes. At first you're doing it in a way that maybe is calculated, but then you're rewarded for it. And questions have that beautiful power. You get that reward almost instantly. 'cause they're gonna tell you stuff. You're gonna see what is interesting in their answer. And then you can keep asking more. In my class we do an exercise called never ending follow ups. Ooh. It would be a pair like you. One person is the never ending question asker. The other person's just answering. And every time Monica talks, she has to end by asking a follow-up question. Oh Wow. And it sounds so extreme, but the experience of it is like Scotty, the experience of it is magic. You immediately move away from small talk.


You start learning so much about the other person. It's funny when a nugget of wisdom improv artist stumbled upon, 'cause you even referenced it in your book, using the improv rule of Yes and not No. Should we play this game? I feel like we Should. Sure. But I'm nervous. Do it. I'll Be the Do you want switch? Yeah, can Yeah. So you're gonna ask me question. Where'd you get that sweatshirt? Oh, I got it at Sarah Hendler's studio. It's vintage. Do you go there a lot? The first time I've ever been was yesterday. Oh. What took you so long to check it out? I guess I'm just busy. I'm busy. What are you busy doing? I work a lot. I have a busy job. What do you do? Have you heard of podcasts? Oh Jesus. Oh, I'm not supposed to add. That's where it ends.


I gotta go. Fuck this. You're on your own. Toots. I Don't like that sweater. Hey. Yeah, you did a good job. Thank you. But I felt scared. Do you wanna try it? You guys whatcha doing? He started playing a character. You started asking questions you already knew the answer to. Oh, so part of this that matters is that, that you should do it as yourself. Well, I knew the answers to what she did for, but I didn't know that was her first time. You didn't know where I got my sweater. Yeah. And I don't know why it took you so long. I would've thought you've been there a dozen times. You learned a lot very quickly. That's true. Yes, yes, yes. I guess you didn't learn that I was busy, but yeah, because you already know that We gotta reverse it.


I'm so scared. Okay. What should I ask? Well, I wanna ask a serious question. Okay. Ooh, can I? Yeah. You're working on a personal project. It's been taxing and I wanna know how you're Doing. I'm still in the middle of it, so I don't know how I'm doing. If you do a scale of one to 10, 10 being the most relief and one being agony, that's a weird scale. I would say four. And are you doing anything to help balance it out? Yeah. Cutting my hair compulsively and I am exercising compulsively and I'm trying not to blow my nose, which is new. Can you tell me more about why you stopped blowing your nose? I got convinced that I don't actually have allergies, that I've just injured my nose from blowing it so hard and then it's sending white blood cells to repair it and then that is snot that I have to then blow really hard to get out.


And then I'm just caught in this endless pattern of damaging and repairing and I feel like I just have to stop for it to end. Are you an addict? Oh, like a motherfucker Tracks. Okay. But I did know some of the answers. Yeah, it's hard. We talk a lot. Where did you get your pants? I got these At a local store near where I live. Okay. Do you notice what all the other moms are doing? And do you feel like you pick up on like, I'm not sure what pants I'm supposed to be wearing, but somehow everyone knows. How do you pay attention And figure it out? I love fashion. I actually talk about this with some of my mom friends as like a fashion needs to gets older.


You get fewer and fewer touch points with people who are actually fashionable. Which is alarming because you're like, oh no, I feel myself getting out of touch. And do you have to factor in your age? Yes. So I have hundreds of students who are in their twenties, so I get to observe that. Oh yeah, I have fancy colleagues who are all ages and flavors of style. I then have all my community friends, cool parents and then there's social media. So I'm like, am I following the right influencer accounts? Am I getting the right ads? Calculus for women, deciding what to wear in different contexts they find themselves in is so complicated. Okay, So here's a calculated question I would ask. And I realize how I operate in thinking of this question, which is I would go If you taken too big of a swing.


Oh, I try not to. So this is part one of my goals. I used to go much harder when I was in my twenties. I wanted to get noticed, I wanted to be different. I wanted to be the one sort of setting the trend. As I've gotten older, I think it's more about not taking too big of a swing. I don't like that feeling. Okay, so you haven't like arrived at a restaurant and be like, oh boy, I went too young with this. No, I played a little safer. I would say even today I was gonna wear like a hot pink sweater and at the last second I've cute. That would've been black. Thank you. Wait, You said you were afraid to ask that. No, no, no. So I know that the kind of questions I ask, I want to get to a time you got embarrassed because that's vulnerable. But that very didn't Even didn't doing it to me.


You Thought this was a random conversation You were just asking me. That's so fun. But I want to get to the point 'cause I think what's very bonding and a fast pass as soon as we can get vulnerable. So if I can get to the point where you went too far, This is something I am always working on in myself about conversation is more quickly revealing my vulnerability, my mistakes, my failures, my moments of embarrassment and shame. I'm so hungry to get it out of other people and probably too slow to share it with others. To me it's such a fast pass, like, oh great, we're both now laughing. At the time I tried to wear combat boots and you tried to wear this, we've just broken through a layer and now I can kinda live here.


I have that too. But sometimes it can backfire in a dating, I mean even the question I asked you was immediately vulnerable. Yeah, I do tend to do that even on early dates because I wanna know for myself what's going on with this person? How introspective are they? How interesting are they? And so I'm like, tell me about your trauma quickly And tell me about your trauma. How do people, how do they respond that you think that's not good? They're guarded. They feel threatened. They often do it and that's lovely. But then if I then don't wanna go on another date, oh Now know I feel the Guilty. Yeah. Because I've now put them in a position to be very vulnerable and maybe say things and Make them feel worse. 'cause you actually know them Well that's another bad thing.


But I feel sort of manipulative. I put you in a position to be vulnerable. You were, You trusted me and then I deserved And I'm like, trust me with your Heart. And I stomped on it. The reframe of that is that you actually gave it a chance. Nobody needs to waste their time. Small talking with people. Yeah. We're getting so off topic, but this is really interesting. I think when I have to do my own sexual inventory as you have to do an aa and I think about times I've been irresponsible or not, I think what I underestimated sometimes is it came very easy and natural for me to have those kind of conversations with women. And for a lot of those women, it was such a unique thing. They had only experienced with someone they were deeply in love with.


And I do think it was quite misleading at times to women, which I fear in their reflection felt like manipulation or something. But you, it just kind of how I am. You're a sharer. Yes. And I think it fast forward, it's kinda like this thing we learned about in England where the GIS got all these English girls, pregnant Americans kiss really quick English, don't kiss for a long time. They jumped ahead 10 steps. This Is verbal kissing, this is you. Yeah. Sharing something vulnerable. A lot of people will associate that with a very unique kind of relationship they've only had once and it was love. There are people though every relationship in their life is like this and they want nothing else, myself included. Yeah, same. I have a colleague at Harvard named Leslie John who's writing a book called Reveal.


And it's all about this conundrum of the spectrum from full opacity where you share nothing to full transparency. If you could download the full contents of your brain and give it to somebody else as a gift. We're making these choices constantly of how much do we share of ourselves and what consequences come from it. Closeness and skipping ahead and accelerating a relationship. Development is one of the pros. One of the downsides is it really does make you more vulnerable to heartbreak or exploitation essentially. Yeah. I have this in male friendships a lot too. And this runs the risk of sounding arrogant, but I have observed it and it's real, which is a lot of guys are comfortable telling me things they generally won't tell other guys, which is an incredible privilege and it's beautiful.


But I may be the only person they do that with. And so I'm kind of their best friend and then maybe they could feel hurt 'cause I don't have the capacity for 150 best friends. Well I Think about this all the time. One of the downsides of getting really good at conversation is that you don't actually have the bandwidth to be the best friend, the best boss, the best colleague to the confidant, a thousand people. And it's such a first world problem. If you really work on this skill and people are willing to trust you and share with you and love being with you, the problem then becomes that person actually doesn't have the time and energy to fulfill that role all the time too.


That many people. Yeah. I don't see the future solution being, I'm less connected in a safe place to chat. It's that I think there's more options for those people to have that experience with multiple people. That's the positive future is that there's a lot more dudes that are willing to chat about that stuff. And in my book, I'm gonna send them Your book. Okay. So asking questions, we got that. But I do want to ask what a boomer ask is about myself. I'm shriveling with embarrassment. It is not about boomers, let me say that. First of all, it is about humans of all ages and it's named after a boomerang. So it's when I ask you a question, so if I say to you, Monica, how was your weekend? It was relaxing. How was yours? Let me tell you about my weekend.


You're asking so that you can Talk. It can be even more grotesque in direct. You can go like, have you ever been to Tibet? Exactly. Very specific. You ever been in a fight at Franklin and Highland? Yeah. Like I'm clearly Very pathetic. Yeah. So this is Boomer asking 'cause it's like a boomerang. You're throwing out the boomerang, you let them answer and then you bring it right back to yourself immediately. Yeah. People Do it all the time. I do it. God, I hate that I do it. Do you do it Monte? Yeah. I think probably everyone does it in certain circumstances. I did it today on the fact check. But that's a little tricky because It's a product. It's a product. And so weirdly it's a mix of these and Then our feelings get hurt.


Well, no, no, no. Navigating. We both come in sometimes knowing I'm gonna tell this story knowing it will lead to a real conversation. I this morning was like, oh, my hand looks different. Oh, I'm gonna bring that up on the fact check. Your hand looks different. Yeah. It's a huge development. If You get a cut and then it scars and then you're looking at your hand like who's hand is this? You have very lovely hair. Thank you very, you worked Better A week ago. Lovely. You fully. Thank you. But anyway, so I sat down and I said, have you ever had this experience to start the conversation You're open to hearing. I've had a similar, yeah, I did want to know the answer, but also I was like, we're gonna talk about this now. It's all about the timing. So If you really wanna hear about DAXs hands car experiences.


Yes. And he shares with you all that very openly. The important thing is follow up on his thing first. Yep. So it feels like you actually care because you do. Yeah. Before we get back to your hands changing into a new hands. Luckily he did not understand what I was talking about. Understand. You wonder what's better. Come out and tell a story you wanna tell. Right. So we study that. Exactly. Oh, oh, Tell me. So we randomly assign people to either start with a question, let someone answer, and then tell a story. Or just tell the story. Just telling the story is better. Okay. Whether you're bragging, whether you're complaining, or whether you're just saying something weird and neutral. Yeah. Like, oh I think my hand morphed into a different hand. It's better to just share it, which then may trigger reciprocity.


That's the hope. Yeah. But you don't have control over that. But you're gonna get the satisfaction of sharing whatever the thing you're dying to share. And you hope that the person you're talking to is actually interested in ask about it or share about themselves. Yeah. Interesting. What's a gotcha question? That's almost a gotcha question unto itself. It's Not. It's not. It's not a true. A gotcha question is really in the eye of the receiver. If the person feels like you're testing them Or leading them, leading Them, making them feel like you wanna prove how incompetent they are, that they're a liar. Expose them as a fraud. Yes. So if I were to say, Dax, you said that you were an actor. Are you acting in anything right now? Oh yeah.


Like What the hell? You could do it for fun if work best friends. And I wanna tease you. That's a really funny way to do it. If we are not, and that's a legitimate question. What an asshole. Yeah. Yeah. That's a really quick way to make someone feel really bad. Allison. You can't imagine how many people who only know me from acting will see me at the airport and they'll go, what do you got coming out? And then I go, I have a podcast. And they don't have any sense that it's successful. They, and they feel so they're really Asking though. Are they? They Feel so bad. The thing Is, 'cause that's not A gotcha question. What they're really saying is, I like watching you. Yeah. I wanna keep my eyes out for something you're in. Yes. But when I say I'm busy doing a a podcast instead of acting, They get upset.


I think they feel really bad for me. No, I am reading you as you're asking me this to embarrass me, to exploit me, to make me look bad. That's a gotcha question. The same question exactly. Lobbed from someone who doesn't actually know the answer and really cares about you. Yeah. Yeah. It just wants to know. That's Great. The importance is like sort of caring intention. Yeah. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Squarespace. Maybe you've got dreams of turning your hobby into a side hustle this year, or finally opening an online store. Maybe you wanna share your knowledge with the world and make an online course. Squarespace is the perfect partner to take your website to the next level and help you accomplish your 2025 goals. No matter what type of site you want to build, Squarespace can help you make it. If you're starting an online store, Squarespace makes checkout seamless. Their flexible payment options, including credit cards, PayPal and Apple Pay. Make it easy for your customers to check out. And Squarespace has all the tools you need to create and sell your own online course. Start with a layout that fits your brand. Upload videos and customize everything with next generation editing technology. Create engaging lessons your audience will love. Then add a paywall and set the price. Take what you know and turn it into income. We use Squarespace to make our lovely website incredible and it functions. It's pretty, it's effective, it's efficient, and Highly functional. Yes. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial and when you're ready to get started, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dax to get started today.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, to check your sunroof first before driving through the car wash. Like you know to put the leash on your dog first before you open the door to go for a walk. Not that I've ever made that mistake and had my dog run outside without me, or scream his name repeatedly over and over and over again until I found him. Or you know, to check that the guy who asked you out is an arm cherry first before you agree to go on a date with him. Sage advice. Essential Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is intended for audiences in the US only. Savings vary terms. Apply Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


We are supported by SKIMS. You know, I was just in my SKIMS tank top last night taking a little snooze. Wasn't it so cozy? Everything is so soft and so comfortable and so cute. You know, I have a bunch of their products I've I've acquired over the years and I love them all. All for different occasions. The bras are really something special because it's really hard to find a good comfortable bra that's also chic and they have a really good one. The fits everybody, t-shirt, bra. It really does fit everybody. I have gifted this and big hit. It's a big hit And I wear the tank tops when I go to sleep. I couldn't be happier. Shop SKIMS. Best intimates, including the fits everybody collection and more at SKIMS dot com and SKIMS stores. After you place your order, be sure to let them know we sent you select podcasts in the survey and select our show in the dropdown menu that follows.


Okay, let's get to levity. Probably my favorite part. I could see where people wouldn't prioritize levity. Can I give you guys a compliment? Oh, please. Which is a levity move. Oh, she's doing it. Really. I think the reason that this podcast and you guys are so great is because you're so good balancing gravity and levity. It's almost the whole mission of the conversations you have is you wanna have stuff you take seriously and you take learning seriously. You take issues and topics seriously and all the way along. You want it to be fun. Very nice compliment. Yeah. Thank you. You Accomplished the mission. Thank you. I Agree that that's the mission. Do you disagree that that's the mission? No, I was trying to do a really thorough and honest assessment of the motive behind that.


My motive Mine. Oh, let's assess why. I think the thing that might be truest under all of it is it is my tool to both let go of power and maintain power by being vulnerable and honest. I'm giving away my power and I'm scared, but I always have the skillset to steer the reaction if necessary. I do think it's my way of controlling how vulnerable I'll be. So We've done research on the relationship between humor and power. Wow. Even one joke or one moment where you make other people laugh in a conversation means you're much more likely to be voted as the leader of the group.


Wow. So I think often when we think of levity or humor, we have a tendency to think of it as like this bonus, this extra sparkly thing that might happen sometimes. And that's nice when you actually study the psychology of humor and levity in conversation and its relationship with status and power. The core determinant of the status hierarchy. So I think your sense of I'm doing this to reclaim power and control is legitimate. Yeah. 'cause when I tell you something that's very revealing, I get immediately scared as I think most people do. Yep. And it's broader than this room. So my mind can't help but imagine however a million people take the thing I just said and then I can take the legs out from it if I want to at any moment.


And it's this little micro moment of power because you're like, I know I'm gonna say this thing and I am pretty sure you're gonna laugh. Just even that power over somebody to evoke that emotional response and that moment is tremendous and it signals something about you that you have the competence, the wherewithal, the dominance to make that happen again in the future. And people read that as a very core competency. It's really interesting. I also think it enables you to take big swings. 'cause you can neutralize it. I think of Jess. Jess is very, very funny. He is also very, very provocative. So he is saying really? Yes. Provocative things. And if they go sideways, he's great at acknowledging they went sideways to then release the pressure. A lot of funny people do this, it's recovery thing.


I'm here all night. That was the joke. Right? Right. The recovery of like, well at least I tried. So in this same research where we're studying humor and power, what we found is even when jokes totally flop, people don't laugh. They think they're inappropriate, they don't think they're funny. You still get a boost in how people perceive your confidence. 'cause you are at least confident enough to try. Yes. Yes. And even that is admirable. Okay. Kindness. And this is where we really get into listening. I feel like this overlaps a bit with asking questions, but why does it deserve its own category, Moment to moment when people are talking to each other, when they're walking through the world, what are kind people thinking about and what are they saying to other people?


I would say the psychologist. So curious to try and figure that out. And I think we've come up with some pretty concrete answers of what people who are prioritizing other people's needs more frequently than others. These are kind people and they do some predictable things during conversation. More respectful language that makes people feel worthy and seen and known and understood. Could You gimme an example of respectful language? Using People's names is a good start. I think you're worthy of even knowing who you are. Just as a starting place. Think of how many conversations you've had where you didn't know someone's name. It's a very uneasy feeling. Yeah. Because you can't give them that respect. How can I show you that I care about you and respect you if I don't even know your name?


That's a weird feeling. Let's slap on name tags guys. Right? Just as a start. That's such a basic thing. But every little linguistic choice you make is a opportunity to show respect or not. Positive language is more respectful than negative. It shows people that you like being with them. Literally things like, great, good, awesome, cool. Love that. As opposed to negative language that's like no uhuh. Hmm, that sucks. That makes you feel like you're not enjoying being with me. And then making people feel like they're worthy of your time and attention. Which then ties into listening. So when we think about listening, there's decades of work on active listening, which is mostly non-verbal. Cue like nodding, smiling, leaning forward.


And our more recent research on listening, what we find is great conversationalists use their words to show people that they've heard them. Those can't be faked. So if you're sitting on zoom, you can be like smiling and nodding, but you're off to the side making a grocery list or texting your friends. What you can't fake are things like follow-up questions, callbacks, which is your ding ding, ding. I think. Yeah. Right. I love a ding, ding, ding. Can't fake a ding, ding, ding. If you didn't hear it the first time. Yep. Paraphrasing what other people have said, repeating back to them what they've said. I understanding you. Right. There's another piece of kindness that we haven't talked about yet, which is receptiveness to opposing viewpoints. So when you confront a moment of difficulty where you really disagree, many of these same skills, the listening with your words and validating people, that's when it becomes especially important and especially hard to do.


Imagine you hate people who had affairs and in that moment you're friends, 'em having an affair. And in that moment what a good conversationalist would do would be I hear that you're saying you had an affair. It makes so much sense that you're feeling upset about that. Let's consider for a second why this is a bad decision. So before you go on to disagree with 'em, you have to do that hard work of validating them. And almost everyone skips over that. My Thing was like Totally, you're not a terrible flawed person. You're not broken. You did something a lot of people do and we gotta make sure you wake up with your family for the rest of your life. How do we get there? Exactly. It's so Interesting, this whole topic because I feel like we think about it a lot. I don't know if I'm gonna get in trouble for saying this, but for people who are neurodivergent, like the show everyone loves, I Love on the spectrum.


Yes. I love that show. I didn't watch it. Everyone loved it. There was a lot of this teaching, how to have conversations and active listening. All these tools, Eye contact. Yes. It's so lovely to see that in practice, but it's also kind of arrogant of neurotypical people who are watching and they're like, yeah, they don't know how to do that. Nobody's doing it all. No One's doing it. Right. I love watching that show. Actually, one of the tactics most helpful on that show, they have these really lovely coaches who come in before their dates and they have them brainstorm topics ahead of time. And I'm like, yeah, everybody needs to be doing that. Neurotypical. Neurodivergent is a false dichotomy in and of itself. Yeah. This binary notion, we're all on this weird spectrum with varying degrees of adeptness in all Different vectors, in all different directions.


There are people who are not neurodivergent who are very uncomfortable with eye contact. Yeah. I talk to them all the time. There are any number of things that they might be struggling with. They don't go to fucking dates with topics, they're just gonna let their neuro typicalness take over. Correct. Okay. Now when you get into a group conversation, it gets more complicated. That seems pretty obvious. But I did want to talk specifically about the status hierarchy effect of a group chat and how it changes within conversations. I think to some people, it's not obvious how much more difficult groups are than dyads than one-on-one because it feels like you're doing the same task. You're talking, you're listening, you're with other people.


It's clear that it's harder to coordinate. But I don't think we've realized how much harder. Even here this whole time, I'm toggling my eye gaze between both of you. Monica's so patient, she's such a good listener, and we're all doing this calculus that's quite a bit different than if it were just me and Monica. I'm just me and Dex together. Together. As soon as a third person pulls up a chair, everything changes. Someone can sit there, be part of the conversation and never talk. That's different than one-on-one where you have to go back and forth. And so I think people don't realize that as as group size grows, the coordination challenges of all conversations grow exponentially. Every person in the group has a unique shared reality, a unique relationship. What's boring to Dax might be really exciting to me and Monica.


So all of those little micro decisions get even more fraught. And one of the things that we have to navigate is status differences. As people get thrown into the mix, every group has an inherent status hierarchy. So the status hierarchy is determined by all kinds of things. Sometimes it's a formal hierarchy. Like at an organization there's a boss or on an army battalion, there's the leader. These Companies have Levels. Sometimes it's age, sometimes it's level of wealth, sometimes it's expertise, but it's other things. Gender, it's race. It's all of these things that our minds are doing this calculation of who has the most power here, who has the most liking and respect, who's the most influential? And we do this internal sort of ranking in a group. And it affects all the ways that people behave.


We tend to look at people who have high status when they're speaking, they speak more. So you look at them. But also when they're not speaking, we look to see their emotional reactions. 'cause they determine the norms. Like are they surprised by this? Are they pissed about this? Should I be pissed about this? Which makes lower status group members feel invisible. You're literally not looking at them as much. They feel less welcome to contribute. The revelation that we've sort of realized by studying conversations at the topic level. As you move from one thing to another, the status hierarchy shifts from one topic to the next. Oh, interesting. We start talking about fashion. Yeah. Oh there you go. All of a sudden I am not going to be looking at Dax as much. Yeah.


I'm gonna be deferring to Monica who's super, she's the expert. Expert in the room. Yeah. I forgot to give you my gift in a little bit. If you're good, if you're good, If you behave yourself. But if we switch to a new topic on which I have the most expertise, things are gonna change. Imagine there's five other people here who have all different expertise and levels of status. So it's shifting dynamically as we move from one topic to the next. It's not like you go to a work meeting and the boss guy is always top dog. Imagine you land on a topic where all of a sudden low woman on the totem pole has all the value to add. She better feel safe and included enough and welcome to speak when you get to that topic. You probably don't wanna be ensnared in this, but I can't resist right now.


I constantly talk about this. I think status is what we are most conscious of at all times. I think it is driving so much of everything. I think it's just baked into being a social primate. I don't think it's escapable. I think there's a lot of young people who think the solution to this is the eradication of status. You Can, it's how our brains are felt. Even These movements I see like main character energy versus supporting cas. All the movement is to get rid of status. And to me it's just like saying, let's get rid of being bipedal and walk on all fours. We have to acknowledge it's there, accept that it's there and figure out how to navigate it best. But the notion of obliterating status, Eradication's not the right goal.


The goal instead the sort of reframe is when you are in that high status position, what can you do to lift other people up? When you're in the low status role and you're marginalized, what can you possibly do to cope with a very difficult position that you're in? Yeah, it sucks. It sucks. You have a narrower range of things that you're allowed to say that will be seen as appropriate or as a value add. So then you're less likely to speak. And If you never speak, you're not actually bringing value. Nobody ever gets to know you and what you can do. It's this crazy double buy. Our job is to try and learn as much as we can about each other regardless of status. But you can't eradicate it. It's what we're built to do. And instead striving. Right. We all want to ascend and maintain whether We're conscious of it.


It means more food and safety. Yeah, Food and safety and attraction and reproduction. Yeah. Okay. I'm gonna jump to apologies. Ooh. And I gotta give credit to aa. There's a few things that it forced me to do. I had to embrace the dogma. My favorite thing is the four step I've talked about in here before. Learning to actually take an inventory of how you feel and what fears are being triggered. That's been so incredible to understand. But being forced to say apologies, make amends, and then getting the experience of delivering some of those and finding out the reactions. Not at all what you're afraid it'll be. I don't know how anyone else learns that unless they're in a program that demands it, that the 10 step, we have to do that daily.


It's not just, oh, what you accumulated as an addict. It's like daily. How is my behavior may be impacted someone negatively and I have an obligation to clean that up. 'cause if I don't clean that up, I will have low self-esteem and hate myself and I'll use. So it's imperative. And through practicing this for 20 years, a few truths have emerged. One is it's never goes bad. Like you think it's gonna, and then what you realize immediately is like, oh no one's getting apologized to. Yeah. Because the reaction to most people I make amends to or apologize to is shock. When you say that people's reactions are sometimes not what you expect, in what direction are the reactions surprising or have been surprising? Almost Unanimously understanding, comforting and touch that you did care.


I think what people want to know is that you acknowledge that was hurtful and that you're not someone that is disposable. That they don't worry that they've upset. Can I tell you who I talked to about this Please? Orna. Oh, You hang out with Orna from couple therapy. We're obsessed. So this chapter and apologies opens with this story from couples therapy. One of the couples on the show. Which one? Tora and Drew. They're from I think season one or two. Oh they're amazing. She got pregnant and they started living together. They were in a really rocky place. Yes. I think it was in the pandemic phase of the show ish. Yeah. And he would bounce back to moms a lot.


Yes. And they didn't sleep in the same room. Right. Which is fine for those of you who don't go sleep, it's fine. But they were in a really rocky place. I thought that they, they were not gonna end up together. And then you follow them through their therapy and by the end, one of the things that they got so good at is apologizing to each other. They're not snipping at each other anymore. They're not like chewing on their resentments. And so I talked to Orna about it, what she thinks of apologies broadly and in the context of this couple in particular. And she was like, here's what apologies. Do two things. One, they show someone that you understand them, that you understand that there was harm to you and maybe it was at your hands, maybe it wasn't. But it shows that you understand them and that you are taking some responsibility, that you care that they've been harmed and that you want to be part of the solution.


She said, If you can show those two things that you understand someone and you're taking accountability. If you can do that without apologizing, you don't have to apologize. However, apologies are the best shortcut that we have to do those two things in a sincere and really meaningful way. I really think they're the most powerful thing we have in our conversational toolkit. Hmm. My kids are great at it. Maybe the thing I'm most proud of my children. I Said the same thing in the book. I wrote this little story about my oldest Kevin. It was honestly the most rewarding moment I think ever. As a parent. What did he Apologize about? Oh, It's a doozy. He was a heck of a toddler. He was like a biter hitter. Okay.


He used a headbutt. He has all these big ideas and he was a late talker. He was so frustrated he couldn't express them because Boys are dumb. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So dumb. He can't Communicate. So he was having a tantrum and I picked him up and he flung his head back and he broke my nose. You can see it's like a little crooked. It's okay. I know. I still look great. It a little crooked. F It's fine. You're Finally different from Sarah. Congratulations. Good nose one. You're welcome. Not an apology. Yay. He had to be maybe three at the time. It was so enraging for all the reasons I still hadn't taught him to be the kind of person who wouldn't hurt someone like that. He also was three. So he didn't really care. A hard mothering face.


Fast forward, he's now nine, turning 10 maybe He was around when he was seven. He was reading Diary of a Wimpy Kid and the main character Greg Hefley. We were reading together and Greg Hefley apologized to Rowley, which is his best friend, which was rare. He's kind of usually like a jerk to his best friend. And Kevin paused and in that moment turned to me and he was like, mom, remember when I broke your nose when I was like a toddler? And I said, yeah, it wasn't great. I won't ever forget it Kevin. I will Never forget. Thank you for the reminder. And I was staring back at me in the mirror every day he looked in my eyes and he goes, I'm so sorry. Aw. It was so beautiful. I couldn't believe that occurred to him.


It's more powerful than I love you. In a Lot of ways I think it's more powerful because it's harder to do, harder to say It is the action of loving someone. Not just the words. You're right. You are doing an action by apologizing that is harder and more vulnerable to do. Yeah. It is the action of love rather than just saying it. I know how hard it is for me. And they just did that. They fucking love me. They're Also saying in that moment, I'm saying this to you because I want to have a relationship with you in the future. Yeah. Because I want you to see me as the kind of person that deserves being in a relationship with. And I want to be with you. And my standards for us are high. Let's get back there. It's fucking awesome. It's so hard.


And I wish people could just practice. Monica Te. I've gone too far. This is one of my favorite stories. This house has been worked on for seven years. Right. That's how long it took. And we lived here through lots of the construction and I had all my card chargers plugged into this one extension cord. And I came out and guys were working there were sawing and all my chargers were unplugged. And I was late to bring the girls to school there. A bunch of things had piled up and my reaction was, don't fucking unplug my shit. I fucking, there's an extinction. Like I really lost it. Yeah. And I dropped the girls off it's school. I'm like, Ugh, I feel terrible about this. These guys are working their asses off. I'm an entitled rich person. How ugly of me.


I've gotta say sorry. So come back and I'm like, guys, guys, there's like nine or 10 guys working. I just want to say I'm really sorry about how I talked to you guys. None of you deserve that. I know you're working really hard and I'm so sorry. And what was funny is this apology went on long enough that I did recognize, oh, this is more ful than the Shouting was. It is like male on male vulnerability. It is actually making them want to throw out more Than the yelling, dude. So then I was like, Make sure my apologies are serving the people. I'm trying to apologize. But this is the crux of kindness always is figuring out what other people need. Do they need to hear the apology?


Most of the time the answer is yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And every once in a while, if you're apologizing like nine times for the same thing, you're gonna start just reminding the person of the thing that happened that wasn't good. There is a tipping point where it becomes too much. Or you Just start feeling like, well that means nothing. Yeah. You gotta mean, I'm hearing this all the time and nothing's changing. Yeah. There is not a single study of live conversation that shows that refusing to apologize or neglecting to apologize is better than apologizing. But the sort of tipping point is when your partner doesn't feel like it's sincere. Right. Or you're not doing it well. You're saying like, I'm so sorry you feel that way. There's a lot of ways to give a bad apology. Yeah. So you need to apologize frequently, but do it well And really curb your behavior.


Don't just promise to change. Actually change. I was gonna say that's one upside of having to do a 10 step as well, is that I am sometimes on the verge of blowing it, Blowing sobriety or blowing relational yelling At somebody and 'cause I'm about to let it fly, I go, I'll be apologizing for this. So weirdly can curb your behavior too, If you are in a real habit of doing it. Because It's part of the healthy suite of skills that is gonna help you do the right thing to begin with. Yeah. If you're able to anticipate it's gonna be super hard for me to stonewall for a while, take space, run back, apologize, give them time, then they forgive me. Then we move on. That process can be circumvented by not yelling in the first place. Yeah. But we're human.


We're all gonna mess up. We're all gonna yell at people sometimes if they break your nose. Just hope you don't get physical when someone breaks your nose. That's the about the best You can do. His name's Kevin. So I was like the mom from home alone. And they're like, come. They're like plopped him down and ran away to look in the mirror. Damn. Well, Allison, this has been a blast. I hope everyone checks out. Talk The Science of Conversation and the Art of Being Ourselves. And I'm really jealous of everyone that gets to take your class. Oh, Me too. How fun. Well you guys, thank you so much for having me. Oh it's so, you're so Fun. So helpful for so many people. I think I Want to interview Sarah now. You Should. Should I Wanna see how you can call her. You wanna call her different? She's, this is very, I want To both come in with the goal of trickiness.


Are you Sarah? Maybe? I am. I love It. It would be like a sociopath we interviewed. Yeah. You never know what's what exactly. We did a twin trick in my class the first year I ever taught. I didn't tell anyone I had a twin. Saved it till the end of the semester. It was our day on deception. And we dressed the same. And I went in and I did the normal milling with the students before. Then you go out to close the door. But Sarah came back in and she started the class and she just opened her arms and she was like, deception, what do we think? And she got the class having a discussion. They went on for like five minutes. Wow. And at some point a student raised his hand and he goes, I think we're being deceived right now. The Monica of the room.


I Monica the room, a free of the room. I was like, I think we're being deceived. And so I ran in and it was like a standing ovation. Wow. That's, this is my favorite movie. The Nolan movie. Yes. Prestige. I wanna rewatch Me Too. It, I wanna rewatch it. And It was a twin thing, wasn't it? It was. And the end. That was the ultimate trick. 'cause it was a twin thing. Yeah. You gotta live the routine. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, and you like loved one girl with the girls with, okay. Alright Allison, this has been a blast. I hope everyone checks out. Talk. Please come again when you write another book. Thank you so much you guys. You're awesome. Hi there. This is Herm and Permian, If you like that.


You're gonna love the fact check with Miss Monica. Oh, guess what? This is some hot goss. Okay, Great. Kristen was at the doctor today and there's an anesthesiologist there. And the last time she met him, right before he gave her the local, he was behind her and she was face down and he said, welcome, welcome, welcome. As he. Oh Yeah. So then this time she was like, oh, I'll bring him a sweatshirt or a T-shirt or something. So she brought him something today and he said, I need you to know that I was eliminated in the second round of taking Monica on a date. Wait, what? Do you remember when you guys put out like a For Monica and Jess Season two?


I guess that's the only time we put anything out. But we didn't even get that far. Well he submitted. Oh my God. I know an anesthesiologist. They're very wealthy. They are. That's supposed to be the highest starting salary in 1993 when I was in high school and looked it up. Oh my goodness. Yeah. I feel, yeah, I feel sorry. You feel flattered and then you feel guilty that you feel flattered. Well, I feel guilty that someone felt eliminated. We need to have her say, we need to have her clear things up. Yeah. She's Like, fake an injury because Bring a, a new item like a mug and say, and people Will be so concerned her shoulder hurts.


Just that's not, she doesn't have any issue. I think when they hear anesthesia that's people will be off to the races. I find that flattering. Don't you think? Do you think most people would be flattered to hear a doctor has the hots for 'em? Yeah. We do that. Right. I am attracted to that. Yeah. Right. I'm susceptible to that. I feel flustered. Okay. 'cause there's this an hot anesthesiologist Out on the pr. Is he married now? Because that was a while ago. Married and divorced. Oh Yeah. Anal. Great. Anal fraud. Ding. Oh And consummation. That's Bad on her. Oh, that's good. Yeah. Yes. Yes. We should put out, as in a prompt. Annulments.


Great idea. Robbie. Write it down. Write it down. Yeah. Annulments. Oh my gosh. Maybe he's a vulner boy. He's certainly a vulner boy. You wouldn't listen to this If you were a boy. Exactly. And If you were not a vulnerable boy, Unless you're a cookie boy's, a rich, smart boy Cookie boy. Speaking of, Oh, let's talk, We have big news. I mean, we've already discussed this before. We have new march out. Yes. And it's fun. It is. You wanna hear something crazy? Yeah. So one of, I was, I was thinking, and I just want to continue to thank the arms share who showed up in San Francisco. It really made the whole show. When I was leaving the theater, I took pictures with folks and a woman had our new t-shirt on.


Which One? The crow, the mouse. Oh. And the cherries. Oh. As a key. And I go, oh my God, I got so confused. I thought, are they already out? And she bought one. And I go, oh my God, you have one of the t-shirts? And she goes, it's, I know it's pirated. And I go, oh, that's okay. We're actually weirdly making that t-shirt now. Yeah. So I saw it as like, it was a really good idea. 'cause here this person went on their own and made it. Okay, Great. Yeah. Well yeah, we have all of our limited sweatshirt designs on t-shirts On t-shirts Available. We have our own shop popping. We have a popup. We have a popup merch shop that will be up until we have official merch with Amazon Wondery and Amazon.


And that's probably gonna be at the end of March-ish. So until then we have our popup merch that we made into our own. It's our Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And so get on there. There's, I'm really proud of a lot of the designs. I think they're really cute. So we have those tees. Right. And then we have, So we have welcome the robot. Welcome, welcome, welcome. Yes, Matt. And then we have Ballsack Cowboy. Yep. We have the, the cowboy on the mic. On the Microphone. We have duck duck goose. And we have Crow, cherries and mouse. They're on teas now and now. And we have two new teas.


We have a cookie boy tea cookie Boy time And a reverse back tea. Yeah. That's only for the pervious arm cherries out there. Because I think you are inviting some sexual attention. If you're wearing a reverse back shirt, You might want that. I would. I'll be wearing one. Yeah. Yeah. It's really cool looking and, and chic and sleek. And we have a sweatsuit, two sweatsuits, same design, but one is a hoodie, one is not. And what's On the sweatsuit? It says ae it has a crow on top of it and a cherry in its mouth and some cherries falling down the sleeve. Oh yeah. Very cool. I'm gonna wear that sweatsuit too.


I know, me too. I'm really excited for the sweatsuit. I'm gonna, I'm gonna go crew neck. That's my aesthetic. I'm not gonna go hoodie, but yeah, that's it. Too many, you have too much hair for a hoodie. Is that what we Say? May maybe that's part of it. It gets caught up in there. Yeah. Although apparently hoodies are the most selling item. I love a hoodie, but I don't have long hair. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. So just to be clear, we, we have, we have brokered this deal with Amazon begged them to let us sell our own merch for a month, which means our turnaround is really quick. So go on order. There's gonna be a little bit of delay, but we have this window to sell for a month basically. Yeah. So, and it's Cute. Yeah. So get on that. That's, that's a good fun update.


Yes. And Everyone's happy. But Carly, should we give one to my new maybe boyfriend who's married in Annu? Yes, for sure. And I wonder what, what do you think the, you give Her a, well we reverse bag. Yeah. Yeah. But Cookie Boy's. So fun. Yeah. He had the confidence to wear a cookie boy t-shirt. Do you think it's, it's, I wouldn't wear a cookie boy shirt. Really? No. It sounds to me like I'm advertising like eating out power bottom, like a cake. Boy, I would expect you to wear it. I would. I would've thought you would've worn it. Confident man will wear it. What if I, hold on a second.


This isn't fair. I think it is. What about a shirt that says Cake Boy? That's like F It feels like false advertising. Like I shouldn't wear a shirt that says Cake Boy. What is a cookie Boy? Ask the computer. What? Cake Boy. No. A cookie Boy. I don't know. I don't know. It's not. And Rob, am I insane? I don't know what Cake Boy means, but Cookie Boy. Yeah. I probably wouldn't wear a Cookie Boy shirt either. Yeah. It's Okay. Well, but this means the light blue now, but everyone wanted that as a shirt. Yes. Because I want our, we have 70% of the people. Did you find out what Cake Boy means? Cake Boy is someone light and fluffy. Effeminate, not meaty. Yeah. That's what an urban dictionary says.


Doesn't mean gay. That can mean baby girl. Yeah, baby girls are straight. It's Just always used in reference to gay guys. Okay. It's saying metrosexual. Okay. Not Gay. A feminine male. Yeah, A feminine male. A feminine male isn't gay necessarily. Like Timothy Shaima is not gay. He is dating Kylie Jenner. He's Only feminine. Oh. This Urban Dictionary is a soft, feminine heterosexual male. And the quote is, Jerome ain't gay. He's a motherfucking cake boy. Okay, so Jerome's not gay. He's a motherfucking cake boy. Oh, Okay. Anyway, I, hold on a second. I don't wanna be a, I don't want there to be any upsetness or hurt feelings about this.


Well There's not. You invented Cookie Boy For you. Yeah. This says A Cake Boy is someone who's confused for being gay, but it's really straight. Okay. Okay. I think we have had enough. Do you think in general girls wanna be described as masculine? No. Because that's a one-to-one. Do boys want to be described as feminine? I think not Now. I'm like, should we change up the color of the shirt? I think it's more the phrase cookie boy than the color. No, but I'm saying if girls are gonna buy it. Yeah. I think Just make it straight for girls. We could change it to like pink. Oh Listen, don't worry. None Of it. Just leave it. Just leave everything. Listen. Oh my God, I hate this new collection.


Oh No, Don't buy it. God don't buy. I'm just kidding. It's fine. It's great. I'm excited to wear it. I'll wear it. Okay. Anywho, I forgot what we were talking about. Let's reset, let's merch because we're having a very good time Merch is. Yeah. March is on. Just Did a snot All because this is, this is Not, I've been fighting the rain so hard and here it is. No Cookie boy's. Not anything worth unraveling over. I thought it was cute. I think it's great. Okay. There's a kind of masculine shirt on there too that I does designed for you. It's okay. The vast majority of the people who order our stuff as women, I don't mind at all that we have a shirt that's skewing towards women.


I'd probably even wear Cookie Boy on this show. Yeah. On camera. Yeah. I Think you should wear it on Kimel. Yeah. Do it. Be the man. Let's just imagine we're you're, you're a cookie boy. Hold On. Hold on a second, man. I'm a lot of things. Yeah, Exactly. Exactly. I don't have to be like, I don't, I can. You Are though. You're, you're, you're confident. I, But that doesn't mean I have to declare myself a cake Boy. Don't make that the same thing. I think they are very similar. A cookie Boy and a Cake boy. No, We invented Cookie Boy. Cookie Boy is, we invented that.


That's a boy who loves cookies. No, it's a girl who loves cookies. It's you. That's what a cookie boy is. No, I think Aaron, it started with Aaron or something. I forget how this started. You are the original. You're the OC original Cookie Boy. Okay. I'm a lake boy. That is not a cool shirt. Probably not. I would be so attracted to a muscly tall Anesthesiologist, Anesthesiologist wearing a cookie boy shirt. That boy is confident and I like it. Look, I wear pink and stuff with a I know.


Light of confidence. I'm trying to think what, boy. Yeah. Any who You wore that Gucci. That's, That's wild. Yeah. Flamboyant. It's flamboyant for sure. Absolutely. It's totally flamboyant. And my pink is very feminine. Yeah. And it's funny you like that mixed messages, But would I wear a shirt that says Bo Bottom? I hold, don't dismiss me so quickly. I'm not Dismissing you. I'm just telling you that's not what Cookie Boy means. I am. I don't know that anyone knows what Cookie Boy means. Including Us. Including Us, most importantly us. And so I think a lot of people are gonna be wondering what that person's declaring about themselves.


And you don't think that about Reverse Back, which is interesting because that reverse back could easily be Gay Anal. Yeah. I hope, you know, I think it's just, its proximity to Cake Boy. All right. And Cake Boy's just a very known saying. I Okay. But that you didn't I know you didn't know it. I didn't know it. I didn't know it either. Thank you. Rob didn't know it either, but the internet knew it. I Think the millennials don't know it. They Don't know Cake Boy. I guess Gen X will probably not be Gen X men will probably not be buying it in Boomers, but Unless again, like if I were a bottom, I would totally wear a shirt that said Bottom or Power Bottom or, 'cause that's what I am.


I can't wear a shirt that says Queer on it. No. It would be wrong of me. I'm not queer and I can't claim that. Correct. And now we're just, we're on this continuum. I can't wear a shirt that says Queer. I can't wear a shirt that says bottom. I shouldn't wear a shirt that says Cake. Boy, I think you could, now that we know the definition, it doesn't mean, it doesn't mean you're declaring that you're gay when you're not. Right. And being a hypocrite and the other one, what was after Queer Bottom? You could, and that would be interesting for people. Yeah. Because Maybe you are a bottom, even in your heterosexual sex, Meaning Kristen pegs me, Or you're on your back and she's on top.


I don't think that would constitute a bottle. I, I mean, look, definitions, Because the top is often on bottom and the bottom's on top. The top is On writing Bottoms usually receive penetration. Right, right. I know that in the, in the And they homosexual community. Yeah. They can receive that penetration on top or bottom. You're still, we, So I'm saying I can't really be a bottom. And Kristin i's relationship, whether I am in time and space on top or bottom. It would've to involve some penetration. He's technically on top. You're saying? Yes, physically. In, in space. In the top On bottom.


But he is a bottom because he's getting penetrated. That's, yeah. So we could do a shirt we all make that explains all this. 'cause maybe a lot of people are confused. No thanks. Okay. Okay. Now We could call it top bottom. And it's a bottom on top. Well, Our, okay. Look, not to make this even more complicated, but the, the masculine shirt is cherry on top, which kinda Looks like a butt. So it, that also could be seen as sexual Cherry on top. Sounds good. Sexually though. I, There's Also a Cowboy Change it to cherry on bottom.


There's also A cowboy riding a penis on one of them. Yeah. Our Chart are straight Disgusting. That's straight as hell. A cowboy riding an enormous penis. Anyone who wants to, oh, I see. You're making a joke. I'm making a joke. Oh, wow. I'm pointing out the hypocrisy. I see. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I think people who are straight don't want to declare that they're gay. And I think gay people don't wanna declare they're straight. And I don't think men who identify as men wanna declare they're women. I Don't think anyone needs to declare anything. It's a cutey shirt with a little mouse on it. Yes, Yes. Yes, it is. It's an adorable shirt. I really like it. I think the deeper problem is we've decided that cookie boy means something that it doesn't, Again, I blame Cake Boy.


Right. I mean, I don't, I don't know what to say. A cookie boy has nothing to do with sexual appetite. Well, let ask you this. This Is, it has to do with loving cookies. Right? So what if I made a shirt that said, Tim Boy. Tim boy, What do you think of Be honest? A man named Tim. Oh, okay. What, what does it mean? I would think tomboy. Oh, I think, oh, it's some other now version of tomboy. But now I'm wanna say Tim Boy. Oh no, I'm not thinking that. You're not going there. That's not, that's a Gen X. Okay. Okay. Gen X is really upset about words, I think.


I think millennials aren't thinking like as Gen Gen Z and Covid, COVID Gen. They're definitely not thinking about it. Do they Have their own acronym now? I think they do The Covid, gen Z. I heard that once, but I think think it's called maybe Gen Alpha or something. Oh yeah. Something like that. Also, my, my Beef with Jens, now, I may have already heard this. Okay. It used to be like Gen X covers from 1968 to 1983 or something. Yeah. It's like this 20 year window virtually. And there's been seven gens since I Know Gen X. It's like, you entitled all you entitled Millennials Wanted Your Own Generation Millennial Four years, no Millennial.


No, No. I don't even know what I'm saying. Yeah. But yeah, it's this increased uniqueness where they need their own gen every year they were born. I know, but I actually think theirs makes more sense because millennial, the worlds changing so fast. Have such Yeah, we Have, that's a good argument. My brother's in my gen that we are not in the same, we shouldn't be in the same gen. You Don't think so? No. He grew up with internet and phones and stuff. Yeah. I got one in college. Right. Okay. Or late high school or, you know, it's just different. So maybe there's, maybe, maybe there's legitimate reason for Breaking it up more. Yeah. 'cause every two years the world's completely different. I think so. All right.


Well, I'm learning a lot in this episode. Well, I guess I sort of have an update here, sort of. Okay. This is the matchmaker. Yeah. Okay. So I think I dropped, I dropped an album that the matchmaker entered my life again With an option that you, with An option that didn't make me Feel sad About was to me. Yeah. And we texted, we texted a little bit to, to make a ti, you know, make a date. Yeah, yeah. And you and the candidate. Yes. Not the matchmaker. Correct. And so, but it was very just like logistics. Sure. There was like one, one cute exchange and then it was onto logistics. Right, Right. Well, you guys, some both type A, he's got the funds to get a matchmaker.


I guess so. Yeah. So this was Saturday and, and he said, I have a bit really busy week. What about next weekend? And I said, yeah, that should work. And he said, you are in blank. Right? Oh, Los Felix. And what if I started getting very protected, consistent, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And I was like, yeah, and you're on the west side. And then he never responded Again. He said he was on the west side. I said, I asked the question and you're on the west side question mark. Ah. And that was Saturday. Okay. He didn't respond. Oh my gosh.


And so I was like, do You think he's been killed? Well, no. I was like, what happened? But yeah. Okay. Whatever. Who cares. Right. And then on Friday he texted Six days later. Six days later. Well, I guess it's seven days. Yeah. Yeah. And he said, Hey, sorry, this got away from me. Are you still good for this weekend? And I was like, no. Yeah, yeah. Good. I Right. Yeah. Good for you. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Because Absolutely I then I felt like, oh, am I just being like doing a normal, like this is an out finding A way. Yeah. Finding a way out, I guess. Well, two things could be happening.


Yeah. Some of it could be that What I like about No, is I'm not gonna be playing along with this role as you, as the boss. And you can call me in six days when you remembered. Yeah. So I won't, I won't participate in that. Yeah. Go see me for six days checking in and going, we still good. Exactly. That's, that's not for me. That's a no. I would, if a, let's just say if a woman did that to me. Yeah. I don't even know if I'd respond to the follow up in seven days. Mm. That's interesting. But I do like that you said No, I said, and I, at first I was, I was like, gonna be pretty harsh. Yeah. And then I backed off and I just said, what did I say? Exactly?


Let's see what I said. You Left room for him to apologize and Kind of, I wanted to see how he would respond. Yeah. Yeah. I said, you're on the west side. He said, Hey, sorry, I lost track of this. Yeah. I'm on the west side a week later. Yeah. Yeah. Are you still good with tomorrow? I said, Hey, no problem. I made plans this weekend, but happy to try to schedule something again. And then he said, oh, okay. Bummer. Well, we can try another time. And that was it. Yeah. And I, I said, yeah, for sure. I said, next week nights are pretty open for me, other than this. And I didn't hear anything back. So it was interesting. 'cause I, so First of all, that was much nicer than I was expecting. And I even nicer than I think he deserves.


That's, yeah. I might've been really direct. No, you can't ghost me for six days. Yeah. And then ask, are we still on tomorrow? That's not for me. That's, and then allow him to mount a real apology because Yeah. He owns you an apology. Not, Hey, I lost track of this. Right. I agree. I agree. And that I was my instinct. But then I thought, well, maybe whatever. Like, I don't know him. Maybe he was in surgery for six days straight. Maybe I was just like, I don't, maybe I should give it another, like, offer up some other option. But I'm impressed. Thank you. Well, for me, I kind of thought, oh, this person is used to that being fine.


Sure. Yeah. That's one. That could also be it. But that would be like the least generous version. Right. Well, I think it's kind of generous. It's like, for him, women are happy to just go out with him when he's ready to go out with him. She said he's really hot and tall. So like, I don't know. All the more reason you gotta say Absolutely Not. Yeah. Well, I agree. Like, good for you if this has worked out for you in the past, But that is not, but I would Just want it to be a little more clear than, it's not that you just made plans. I know It's a no, because you can't, You can't do that. You can't go seven days and then check in to see if we're still good for tomorrow. I know.


I, that's not how I operate. Yeah. But then I knew that, And not even hurt feelings. Needy. Just like Right. Like that's just, that's a, I just didn't wanna get into that. Right. Then it's like, oh, sorry. Or whatever. He is gonna, I don't wanna really have that interaction with someone I don't really know. Although I did. That was my instinct. And I, I did ask for advice and I guess it was, I got bad advice. Well, I don't think there's good or bad. This is a version. I don't know. But he didn't respond again. So like, I'm not seeing him, obviously. And and that's two strikes, that's two Strikes with the Yeah.


With the matchmaker. Yeah. Ah, yeah. It's hard for me to not, I have to really fight being judgmental of someone that would be using a matchmaker. Well, I am No The man. Well, because Yeah. Why do I want to be judged? I wanna, I wanna say you can't farm out that activity. Like you can't just pay your way into that. It feels like a call girl service a little bit. You don't think that about the apps, but I guess you are the one scrolling. Yeah. You guys are just both mutually looking around and hoping to find somebody. I guess there's something about farming that out to somebody.


Yeah. That feels a little entitled. Like, I'm a busy person and I'm just going to have them go find I like this, this, and this. I'm, I'm acknowledging that I I'm trying to fight through that. Yeah. Because I think it's, I'm sure there's a lot of versions that are not, that I don't think it's that dissimilar from telling all your friends like, Hey, I am single and I want you to keep your eye out for me. This is what I like. Yes. You know what it feels like If you are at the Four Seasons and you called the concierge and said, I need a date tonight. Yeah. Like, calling the concierge to get you a date is a little bit the, when I want to be judgmental of it Sure. Is what it feels like. Yeah. I I I understand that.


I understand that. And they don't deserve you, anyone that would call a concierge to get you. Okay. Can I just say that? Yeah. But again, I can't, I can't. Yeah. I can imagine Bill Gates, who I worship going, I need help. I always get help from experts when I don't know what I'm doing. So why wouldn't I go see an expert to help me find love? Yeah. When I paint it that way and I make it a real person. Yeah. Then I'm right. I'm sympathetic to it and I am supportive of it.


Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, If you dare. We are supported by Nordic Naturals. I love that name. Let's just start with the name. Nordic Naturals. Great name. I also love these products. You're in love with Them. Yes. I already went through an entire magnesium. You Did. You blasted Through. Blasted through. And a vitamin C. Well, did you know that more than 80% of Americans don't get enough Omega-3 fats from their diet? Count me in that. Yeah. We know that Nordic Natural's Ultimate Omega is trusted by doctors and healthcare professionals to deliver foundational Omega-3 fatty acid support for heart, brain joint and mood health immune system function, and much more. Their bestselling Ultimate Omega fish oil provides concentrated Omega-3 support in an exceptionally fresh and pure formula without any fishy aftertaste. And if fish isn't your thing, their new ultimate Omega plant-based soft gels deliver over a thousand milligrams of concentrated omega threes derived from algae. That's a much higher daily dose than most vegetarian options. Supercharge your nutrition with Nordic Naturals, use promo code Dax for 15% off your next order@nordic.com and experience the Nordic naturals difference yourself. That's nordic.com and promo code Dax for 15% off.


But I agree with you. I don't think in all these cases it's not necessarily, I don't know how, I do think a lot of it is like, make this easy or for me, but it's hard to date. Yeah. So I do think, you know, make this easier for me is a, is a real thing to want and pursue. Yeah. I mean, of course my ego also went out when he, even when he said, I'm busy, I was like, bitch, Yeah, I'm busy too. Everyone's busy. Ew. Everybody's busy. Yeah. You're not the only, and I do think, like, I mean, I don't know what he knows about me. Right. If he knows my last name. I don't know if he's, I don't know. It's kind of what you've talked about before of, and like the really, really, really gross part of being so insecure, but also like, knowing your worth or like having like a a, a strong ego too.


Yeah. Zero self-esteem and megalomaniacal Yes. Thinking that's, that's me. I know, but, and I, but I don't, I don't think I've megalomaniacal about it. You're not as extreme on either ends of the spectrum. Right, exactly. Yes. Yeah. But I, I do think there are moments and it de, I guess it depends on who I'm interacting with. But in this case, when he, when he says like, I'm, I, I'm so busy with no other ques, you know, it's not like I'm so busy. What do you do? What do you, you know, it's, it's just like, this is my, this is my life. I'm busy and it's, If You can work your way into my life, we've got a deal. Exactly. That's that. That's what's being triggered for Me. Yes. And then what happens for me, which is equally gross Yeah.


Is you have to work your way into my life. I think this is not gonna work because I'm you. Yes. I think I could create the statement that would perfectly sum you up. Okay. I'm scared. Indulge me. Okay. I'm very unattractive and I'm a hell of a catch. Yeah. But This is your story about yourself. I think. You think you're unattractive and I think you think you're a hell of a catch, which is the thing we're talking about. No, I don't think. No. Okay. I don't think it's, I I'm not, I don't think I'm unattractive. Okay, Great. That's better than I was expecting you to say. I think ugly. What? You think you, you're ugly.


Is that what you Said? But I, okay. Yes. But I, I do think, I think I'm ugly, But that I, there is something overall. Yeah. Overall it A alright. Right now. I don't even feel bad. Yours was worse. I'm ugly, but I'm a fucking catch. Yeah. I guess. Although when you say it out loud, it's like, no, I'm, if I'm ugly, ugly by the way, that's kind of What mine is. That's what mine's been since I was like 15. Like yeah. I'm not much to look at, but I'm a fucking catch. I hate myself. I need to read an upcoming guest book, but I really don't, I don't hate myself.


No. I mean that's, I don't, I I do You're a catch and you Know it. I I do know it. Yeah. Yeah. If you could get the first end of that thing addressed you, I don't know if it would help me to know that. Because I think it's, I actually think, I think it would really Yes. Because you're also writing your honesty that you also carrying a lot of baggage of, of, of insecurity. Yeah. I am. And you're looking for reasons to save yourself. The embarrassment of not being chosen. Yes, I Am. So that's really happening. Yeah. And it's strong. And I think If you felt hot Yeah. And you knew you, I mean, you know, you've got a great career. You know, you're super smart, you know, you're personable, you know you're good in a crowd.


Like, you know, all the other things, you're not, you're not insecure about any of those things. Yeah, that's true. So If you just added that I'm hot, I don't think your mind would let you go to a place that you're not gonna get picked. Even if something didn't work out, you would go like someone was great self-esteem. Right. There wasn't a match. Yeah, that's True. It's not that I wasn't picked or I wasn't good enough. It's like the audition where it's like, yeah, you are a better actor than so-and-so, but they're fucking Chinese and I need a Chinese guy. Yeah. I guess so. I, but I, I wonder if I just had like a hundred percent self-esteem No insecurities. I felt so good. Yeah.


I don't know that I would ever find some, I mean, I already am never finding someone. So I guess what would be the difference? But yeah, You're in a zero risk. I, I guess that's true. Yeah. But I think I would just feel, and I don't Think that to be mean. And I say that to be, that's a really good part of your counter narrative CBT training, which is like I, there's, I'm not risking anything, but I think If you had those other components, I think you would. 'cause there's also this kind of self, self-fulfilling prophecy, which is like, you are not actively going out there and spotting someone and making it fucking happen. Yeah. I'm not So you're in the incoming call business. Yeah. And guess what? You don't love the incoming calls. And then also you didn't select them and, and there's all, but If you had those other things, it wouldn't be about like, who's gonna knock on your door one day.


You're like, every time you saw someone that interested you at all, you'd be like, oh, I'm gonna go make that fucking happen right now. Yeah. What's up? What are you doing? Do you like coffee? Do you like bagels? Here's the things I like and I cook. You would hit 'em and they, and you would, and if they didn't respond, you wouldn't give a fuck. 'cause you're like, I'm hot and I got Right. A great career and I'm everything. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't do that. I don't know how to do. Right. I don't know what that's like. Yeah. Yeah. I Don't, and I think most people don't. Yeah. And I think a lot of, I think Of people are afraid to go pursue Yeah. Someone they want. It's Scary. I think my success in life has solely been as I wasn't afraid or I overcame my fear to go say hi to everyone at the bar that I liked.


Yeah. I just got in there and these other guys that they probably would've rather been with just never came up and said hi to 'em. And they were stuck with me. But I'll take it. It worked out. Yeah. But, okay. I have a, a bad question. Okay. Do you think my stomach ground, oh, also this is kind of a ding, ding, ding. 'cause this is for Allison conversations dating talk. Talking. Yeah. So this is very relevant Actually. It's accidentally You do recognize right? That like, or am I wrong? But I mean, or am I wrong? Wrong. Do you ever get til our, You are get til our Not everyone's physically beautiful Or am I wrong about that?


I think you're a bit wrong about that. Look, I'm not one that would deny there are things happening on a primitive level, which is like symmetry. Yeah. These, we know these things are real. Yes. We know fertility is somehow deduced by looking at like things are happening. Yes. That I will not be a denier of. I in fact, it's, I find it annoying when people pretend Right. That some people aren't gonna, 98% of people are gonna find Brad Pitt attractive. Exactly. We can acknowledge that that's the truth. Physically just by looking Yes. Not no, no personality. Right. But Kristen, like, I think a hundred, a hundred percent of people will see, just see her face.


Yes. But I can think of, and I'm not gonna name them out loud 'cause it, it, I don't want it to run the risk of sounding mean. Yeah. But there are, I know many women who decided they were hot as fuck and sexy and they are. Right. And a lot, and they have made it in show business, some of them. Right. And you don't think, And, and, and you can do that, But you don't think on fa I mean you can do, I mean, I think con But that doesn't do anything to their, or you, you think it like morphs their face It a hundred percent morphs their face Yeah. Because they're carrying themselves like they're hot shit. Yeah. You know, like, fuck, they Must Be, they know their hot shit. Yeah.


You then go, what am I missing? Yeah. And you go like, oh yeah, her fucking hair is awesome. Yeah. And then that's Oh, what a smile. Right? Yeah. Look at her eyes are this, and you, and you go like, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. But if they walk in like this, like, okay. You're like, oh God, they're fucking, they've been told they're a mess their whole life. This It does, it does. No, Does. It's powerful. Right. You're right. But even, And, and I, I just know 'cause I I'm speaking, I am the beneficiary of that. I ha that has been my angle Yeah. For a long, long time. And, and it hasn't worked all the time. Yeah. And lot girls are like, no, buddy, you're not fucking, you're presenting yourself as some 10. You're not. That certainly has happened.


No. Yes. No. It's happened a bunch of times. Well, but it's also worked a bunch. I think you potentially like personality more than your average Joe. I Think you're right. And I think it weirdly is a sign of my confidence, which is I don't need a trophy woman. I don't need to be seen with a woman that's hot. Yeah. But I need to be with the coolest woman in the room. Right. For sure. So sure. There will be men who don't prioritize that. And what a blessing. You've weeded them out. Yeah. But I'm like, there's no one Left. Don't want. No, there are a lot of dudes. I kind of think there's no one left.


It's like the guys with the, with who, who respect a woman's personality. Yeah. And like, is attracted to that. And like that they're taken, gone and like physical, they're taken. Like those people are for women. That is the most attractive thing. I think that is overly pessimistic. Okay. Well there's numerous reasons why Great people find themselves signal all the time. Annulment, Annuls one of 'em, but their partner didn't grow with them. Right. Right. That's true. Whoa. Okay. We're lost. We are lost. Indeed.


Okay. But my thing about you shaving your sides has always been about that. I know, But that I know, but it's not me. You don't know what me like Well, no, that's, you can't say because you've filled in what that means from something else you've seen. No, no. I, and then this is the other swing that I'm talking. I know me. Yeah. Yeah. I am not unclear about Yeah. Me. Like I know who I am and I like that person, so I am not going to be like, I guess maybe I'll change up this whole me Yeah.


In order to be broadcast tracked. Exactly. To broadcast or be more like overtly attractive to people. I, I, I'm like, see, I think you were assessing that whole suggestion on aesthetic. Yeah. And my story about you is actually you had been a chameleon your whole life. And in this show I had, we have friends who go, oh my God, I didn't know that side of Monica. You have become more and more yourself. Yeah, that's true. And just with age Probably. And you are unique on a level that shave sides make sense. You are thinking of it in this like really ironclad aesthetic and punk rock.


But you're missing the point it makes that I'm making, which is Like, I know the point you're making. Actually I'm one of the most unique people here. I'm one of the most original people here. Yes. And I'm different. I know that. And this thing is a visual cue that I am I know, I know what you are saying, but, but you might not be hearing what I'm saying, which is I get that that's not who You are. I Am not someone who, and I like this about me. I am not someone who is like, look at me. I'm so unique. I'm so special. For me, I'm like, you get to know me and you have that, you make your opinion. Yeah. And hopefully you come to that conclusion.


Yeah. But I am not here to Yeah. To like throw that in your face. And I like that about me. I don't, I don't love when people need to do that. Yeah. You're like, I want people to find out I have a great body. Literally. Well, that is, and I want people to find out. I am like this very unique person. Yeah. I hope everyone is like, you know, willing to be presented with one thing and then have to climb through some layers to find out all this great stuff. But that's what I'm saying. That's why I'm ugly. Like If you have to get over the hump of my face, oh my God. Then I was warned about this, but here I'm Okay.


Let's do it. We have something. Yeah. We gotta wrap up. Yeah, we really do. Suzanne. Almost here. Oh my God. Okay, great. We are resuming. We had to break to interview and I have since been out in the rain. Is it obvious I see Some spit. I feel something on my forehead. Oh Yeah, that's true. I wouldn't, I put my hair up. I would hate for Well we were in completely, we wearing a white shirt at the end too. Oh geez. That's a real, yeah. Okay. Wow. Wow, wow. Well, The listener won't give a fuck. Okay. So some facts for Allison. Okay, great. I loved this episode. I thought she, I was really interesting. Just the most basic topic possible. We really do take for granted. I, I've thought about it a few times in conversation.


Yeah. The thing that stuck with me that I really liked is this like fallacy of naturalness that everyone thinks that everything should happen organically or that means it's not a good fit. Yes, exactly. And even just like boomerang questions I've noticed from people, even me, I think about ending on a quest, you know, I've just been more aware. Yeah. Which has been interesting. Oh, I'm such a boomerang question. It's so embarrassing. The Group hierarchies in conversation. That's really fascinating to watch. Yeah. Yeah. I loved it. Okay, I'm gonna play a tiny bit of Diet Pepsi, a song by Addison Ray. Okay. That comes up in the episode.


She's my kind of gal. It makes me, it makes me rethink Diet Coke. Yeah. You might need to, I Have to weigh her against my affinity for Bill Gates and Diet Coke. Oh god. That's a lot to balance. Yeah. You know what I like about that? Hmm? That she likes that her boyfriend's got a Costco chain on. Oh, That says a lot. This is like cookie Boy. This is like, I respect her. She's not like trying to have some dude in Gucci. She's like, her man looks good in this Costco chain. She's like a real chick. I'm gonna have a diet of Pepsi. Do you like those things? Costco chain? Yeah. I think that's a cool detail of it. Yeah. I mean, Okay, go ahead. No, It's great.


But it's exactly what I said about kooky boy. How so? Tell me, explain the connective tissue Confidence Cookie boy. Yeah. That It's exactly the same. It's The same. Okay. How many people are mirror twins? About 25% of identical twins are mirror twins. That's not good enough. You Want 90. I gotta stop saying it. I thought the majority of twins did this. I know, but you can still ask because maybe you'll find one of the 25% 20. Yeah. One in every four people I ask will say yes. Exactly. Okay, so we talked about coordination games, game theory for a little bit, which was interesting.


And there's some classic ones, prisoner's Dilemma, which we spoke about. The Battle of the sexes. Okay, I'm gonna read about that for a second. Okay. The game involves two players, boy and girl deciding either going to a football game or going to an opera for their date, which respectively represent boys and girls Preferred activity. IE boy prefers football game and girl prefers opera. This example is a two person non-cooperative non-zero sum. That's called A-T-N-N-C. Okay. Game with opposite payoffs or conflicting preferences. I Don't know why it's zero sum because whoever wins is going to win everything and the other person's gonna get nothing of what they wanted.


That feels like the definition of zero sum. Okay. Let, okay, we'll keep going because There are two Nash equilibrium. This case is a pure coordination problem with no possibility of refinement or selection. Thus, the two players will try to maximize their own payoff or to sacrifice for the other and yet non-zero sum for you. If you lose, I guess Zero sum is chess, you can't kind of win, you can't win halfway. Right. You either win or you lose. Yeah, exactly. Poker. Yeah. You could come with $200 and leave with 300. Right. Other people could also have 400. Someone could be down, you know, there's varying degrees of success.


Yeah. But this feels like it's all or nothing. Oh, it would be zero Sum. It does feel zero sum you're saying? Yes. I see. I see. You're either gonna get to go see your thing you wanted or you're not, you're gonna be stuck at the opera. Right. Okay. Thus, the two players will try to maximize their own payoff or to sacrifice for the other, and yet the strategy without coordination will lead to two outcomes with even worse payoffs for both if they have disagreement on what to do on their date. Okay. Which is all they'll have to go to a prison cell or something is the third option. If they don't agree, it's gotta be something worse than the football game for her and the opera for him. That's all it says. Okay. That's pretty good. I like it.


She's ha it has in that case it, it Has a chart, but I'll get it. But really quick. Yes. If there's a third option that they are penalized with for not a green, then yes. It's not zero sign in. Sure. Maybe case. All of them have that element. Yeah. Now there's a matching pennies game. Ooh. This game is a two person zero sum game. In order to play this game, both players will each need to be given a fair two-sided penny to start the game. Both players will each choose to either flip their penny to heads or tails. This action is to be done in secrecy and there should be no attempt at investigating the choice of the other player. Let's Keep it honest. After both players have confirmed their decisions, they will simultaneously reveal their choices.


This concludes the actions taken by the players to determine the outcome. The win condition for this game is different for both players. For simplicity and explanation. Let's denote the players as player one and player two. In order for player one to win the faces of the pennies must match. Okay. This means they most mostly heads Be talent. War heads. In order for player two to win the faces of the pennies must be different. Oh No. The payoff slash prize of this game is receiving the losers penny, in addition to your own. Okay. To pennies. Okay. Kind Of outdated. Well, you'd keep playing and playing. Yeah.


Looking at this matrix, we can conclude a few basic observations. One, for all scenarios, there will be a winner and a loser. Yeah. Two, this is a zero sum game where the pay out to the winner is equal to the loss of the loser. Like it Three, there is no pure strategy Nash equilibrium. We didn't, we don't know what that is. Right? Okay. That would be a third. That has to be a third option. That's less bad than the worse outcome and not as good as the ideal outcome. Non-cooperative games are generally analyzed through the non-cooperative game theory framework, which attempts to predict players' individual strategies and payoffs and in order to find the Nash equilibrium.


I, I love this. The wordage. This is so fancy and hard. Oh, I'm gonna, I'm gonna become an expert in game theory. Oh, I, I hope you do. I'm Not smart enough for that, but I want to be, so maybe I will. Okay. That's that constant party rules, conversation Structure. We need to know these. If we're gonna host a con dinner party, I know and I want to conversation structure, dinner conversation should up three stages. Narration, argumentation, jesting, lighthearted, plays of wit. Mm. Code of secrecy. Dinner party conversation should not be discussed with anyone outside of the dinner party. Ooh. Purpose the goal of S. That one's gonna be hard for me. If I hear something great at the dinner party, I'll keep the anonymity of the speaker, but I might want to get the message out.


Yeah, Yeah. I'm gonna violate that one. Okay. I just want you to know upfront, Not invite. Okay. Purpose. The goal of Con's Dinner parties was to encourage civility and listening to others. Comp believed that participants would hear each other and feel heard. Other dinner party etiquette, tips. RSVP, arrive on time, be respectful of the hosts, practices, beliefs, and environment that's bad for you. You won't eat the The gluten bread. Okay. Be a good conversational, You ain't gonna smoke cigarettes. Be a good conversationalist to bring a gift or something for the party to enjoy. Oh, Okay. Parties should be limited to nine people and no fewer than three to avoid side conversations. Yeah. Side conversations. Mm. I was just my, my whole family and there was some side conversing.


There Was, and it was driving you a little nuts. Yeah, it's a little, alright. That's it. That Was everything. Yeah. Okay. Wonderful. Love You. Love you.


Follow Armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Behind the closed doors of government offices and military compounds, there are hidden stories and buried secrets from the darkest corners of history, from covert experiments pushing the boundaries of science to operations so secretive, they were barely whispered about each week on redacted declassified mysteries, we pull back the curtain on these hidden histories. 100% true in verifiable stories that expose the shadowy underbelly of power. Consider Operation Paperclip where former Nazi scientists were brought to America after World War ii, not as prisoners, but as assets to advance US intelligence during the Cold War. These aren't just old conspiracy theories. They're thoroughly investigated. Accounts that reveal the uncomfortable truths still shaping our world today. The stories are real, the secrets are shocking. Follow redacted, declassified mysteries on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to Redacted early and ad free right now on Wondery Plus.