
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert Experts on Expert. I'm Dan Shepherd. Join by Lily Padman. Hi. Per your request, you spearheaded this and I'm so grateful You did. Yeah. She was so delightful. Allison Jones, Allison Jones. She comes up a bunch over the years. She's helped numerous people in their careers. She's A casting extraordinaire. Yep. She's an award-winning casting director. Just, you know, a few of her impossibly Long Resume Barbie Veep.


The Office Freaks and Geeks. Curb Your Enthusiasm, parks and Rack. She Does all Mike stuff. Yeah. Basically any impossibly great comedic ensemble where you're like, where did they find all these geniuses? It's almost always gonna be Allison Jones. It is. It's it's her track record is so insane. Yeah. And it goes so far back. I didn't realize that It was fun to learn about like the girl Golden Girls. Yes. Yeah. Really, really cool. And then just a sweetheart, love her. So please enjoy Allison Jones.


We are supported by Audible Audible's. Best of 2024 picks are here. Mm. Audible's curated list in every category is the best way to hear 2020 four's best in audio entertainment. Like a stunning new full cast production of George Orwell's 1984. This is the one I am most excited to indulge myself with. I'm so excited to listen to James, which is a new title by personable effort that is very, very hot right now. Mm. Well, there's so many good ones on the list. We Love Audible. This is how you go to bed. I love Audible. I swear by Audible. I can't wait to listen to the Orwell 1984 off this list. I'm also doing fleas by autobiography right now, which I'm obsessed with. I can't get enough Audible in my life every night. Go to Audible dot com slash dax and discover all the years best waiting for you. That's Audible dot com slash dax.


Okay. This is great because people may remember a while back, you and I have debated, which is better, acetaminophen or ibuprofen. We sure have. So I, for me, particularly headaches, I gotta go Tylenol. Yep. But I do like Motrin for muscle pain. I like Motrin. Yeah. You won't even play. I fight. What about for headaches though? I mean, I'm Motrin. You're Team Motrin. Just listen To this. I'm just Team Motrin. Stop trying to make me who I'm not The Gods have intervened and we have a perfect solution. Motrin and Tylenol have finally settled the great debate by teaming up and introducing Motrin dual action with Tylenol. Oh, they did this for us to save our relationship. I think they may have. Why just use one when you can have both The pain targeting strength of Motrin United with the pain blocking power of Tylenol. Ibuprofen is the active ingredient in Motrin, and acetaminophen is the active ingredient in Tylenol. Motrin plus Tylenol brands provide over a hundred years of combined pain relief experience in one product. Whatever your needs, Tylenol and Motrin are here to help fast acting, long lasting by Tylenol, Motrin, and Motrin. Dual action with Tylenol on Amazon or at a store near you. Use product only as directed.


Many, many people that you would think wouldn't be nervous are Bill Lawrence, who is just here. He is done a million and a half interviews. Oh yes. Very gregarious guy. Yes. You would not think he would be nervous? No, I would not. And I'm working with him now. Are you first time I met him For Bad Monkey? No, for new Steve Rell show. Oh, okay. Oh, look at you All already. I'm already in. It's already pasty. Okay. Well, I don't want you to be nervous. Who Knew this one was? I did not. I did That. I was feisty. Yeah. I had the original eye for Monica. I was the casting director for Monica. You Were? Yes. Okay. But you first worked for Kristen? I did. Or did Dex find you for that? Well, no, sorry. I first worked for them as a nanny, so I worked for both of them originally.


Maybe I did know that a while ago, And she was in our friendship group, but kind of a newer member periphery. Yeah. And I said, that gal's really smart. Like she's a very Yeah. Smart, interesting person. Every time I talk to her, we argue and she's a worthy adversary. Then she started babysitting and then full-time nanny. Then started working with Kristen, then became Kristen's writer, producer, everything. It was Before Good Place before. No 'cause House of Lies. It was before. Because House of Lies, as House of Lies was ending kind of is when I started taking on more stuff. Suffice to say, Kristen was entirely dependent on Monica to a degree. You can't imagine. Oops. And then we started this, and then it was accidentally very successful.


And then I had to say, I'm gonna have to steal her full time. And she of course was generous. But to be like an on mic person, an on camera person, I asked him if the audio could be broken today. But the fact that you film this is scary. Oh Yeah, yeah, Yeah. The camera stuff is new for all of us actually here. But you forget. Yeah, The first two episodes we were a little, bill was one of the early ones. He might have even been the one that kind of broke it where I was like, okay, this, I'm comfortable here. I like this. I can pretend this is my living room. But Allison, this is a great first question. So you have spent the last, I don't know how many years since 82. Are we starting? Oh yeah. We're always rolling. We call it a BR.


Always recording. Lemme get this coffee. Okay. Oh God. Okay. Okay. This is wonderful. This is so sweet. You spent from 82 to 2024. So that's 42 years of watching humans walk into a room with a ton of anxiety. Maybe the peak anxiety. They'll have 83. Thank you. 83. Okay. Okay. One less year than that. Wait, wasn't family ties? 82, But I came in season two. That Makes sense. 41 years. Yeah. Of watching people come in nervous. And I guess maybe the lay person would assume that would inoculate you to nervousness. Like you would somehow No, the higher up the food chain you go In terms of auditioning, I get as nervous as the actor does.


And when it's like a final audition, you'll hear my voice quiver. Like you hear it quivering now. Oh really? Oh gosh. Yeah. Just 'cause you care, obviously. Probably. And I wanna get the job done too. And I want them to do a good job. Yeah. What percentage of that nervousness for you when you've gotten to that last layer of the audition process? Yeah. Is you rooting for someone that you are championing versus, I really want the people that employed me to be very happy with where we've gotten. That's a good question. I would say that we always wanna do a good job, but also I really want the people I'm bringing in to do a good job and that we pick the right person. Yes. My biggest fear is we don't pick the right person. That's a common casting director. Fear was that they're gonna pick the boner in the group or something.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I have a million questions about Exactly. Oh yeah. That coming later. But I wanna start in Massachusetts. I have a hard time saying it. But you grew up in a Boston suburb. I did need Massachusetts. And what did mom and dad do? Mom was a housewife, which is what women were want to do back then. And my father was an insurance executive. Very nice childhood. Kind of predictable. A Norman Rockwell painting. Not that, not quite. No one go that far because That's not real for anyone. No. That would've been a few of the neighboring towns like Wellesley, but a lovely town. And my best friends are still my high school friends. And do you have siblings? Oh no, I know this. You're the second youngest of six. I am. I have five siblings, Boys, girls, three Boys. Three girls. How wonderful of your mother to nail it like that?


The ratio. She would let us know that. Yeah. Was it Every other one? No, two boys, two girls, me and then my younger brother. Was it just chaos in a very fun way? You're Such an optimist. Yes. It was chaos in a fun way. Mostly. Yes. When I was growing up in the sixties and seventies, Boston Mass was filled with huge families. Irish Catholic families. Italian families. Yeah. Six was very common. Oh, wow. Yeah. What about you guys? Can I ask you that? I'm one of three. You're allowed to ask as many questions as you have. Yeah. Monica two, me and my brother. He's eight years younger than me though. So they both have, I kind of barely. Yeah, exactly. Two would've been controversial where I grew up. Bet it was like two. I bet. What happened? Yeah. She must have some kind of a issue. Issue. Issue.


Yeah. What's going on? And it definitely Would've been her. Yeah. Of course. All men are veal mom definitely has some sort of issue. Yeah. Very potent. Most of my friends from high school came from very large families. And we would have synchronized brothers and sister ages. My younger brother's best friends with my best friend's. Younger brother. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We can still talk about antics and all that kind of stuff. Back from the, What about early Days, Dating older siblings, friends? Was that ever an issue that popped up? I would've been terrified. Okay. Me to, I can say I may have wanted to. Yeah, Sure. But the more interesting thing was my two older brothers possibly going after the same. Oh yeah. Yeah. White High school cheerleader. Were they Irish twins? They Were, in fact. And my younger brother and I very close in age.


13 months. Okay. What's the age gap between the oldest and the youngest? The oldest and the youngest would be about 11 years. I think. My mother had three kids, took a little break, and then another three kids. You took like a season maybe. Hi. I think so. A hiatus. Yeah. Did you have fantasies about show business as a kid? Or how did this all come to be? No, how did you end up at Pomona College? Well, I applied to a lot of fancy colleges and didn't get in. I wanted to go to school in California because I would watch shows like the newly wood game and the Dating Game and Gidget, which was like, oh my God, that girl gets to surf after school. I can't believe it. So in the sixties and seventies, everything was happening in California music.


Right. It was like big surf culture. Serial killing. Yes. Literally free love. Everything was happening in California. Right. So I was like, I gotta go. That's where it's at. And also in those days, you didn't do the regimented thing of visiting colleges and spending a fortune on SATs and on applications. I just said, I gotta go to California. It's super cool out there. So my parents wouldn't let me. Okay. So I went to University of New Hampshire for a year and then transferred to Pomona College. Somehow they magically let me go. I think back on it, it could have been, it probably fit their budget better to wait a year. Sure. And then I could go to California. But I had never been to California at all. You Just had seen it on tv? Exactly. Did You love tv? God, yes. I didn't have access to it unless I was at my dad's every other weekend or whatever.


Yeah. Once a month. 'cause we lived kind of out in the sticks. We didn't have a good antenna. I had to go to a friend's house if I wanted to watch Dukes of Hazard. But when I was at my dad's, my brother and I, all we did from the second we got up until three in the morning. And where was that? Detroit part. Oh, Detroit. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. In Atlanta. Yeah. The Suburbs. I was the early TV generation. Yeah, for sure. For me, tv I was obsessed. And now when it's like screen time, that was not a thing. My parents were like, you can watch as much tv. Oh no. We were flopped in front of the new color tv. Yes. We would've called it. Oh no, we were TV kids. What else are you gonna do with six? Yeah, exactly. Ungrateful children and no nannies in those days. Nannies? No. Unless you're a Kennedy or something. But no nannies.


TV shows were the babysitters. Yeah. But for me, it was such a fantasy. Yeah. World. Like I could go in and I could pretend I was in full house and the whole thing. Did you have that with tv? Like you were using it as an escape, or not really? It was so new with novel. I don't know. I just loved it. Movies were not cinema the way it is now either. Yeah. My parents would bring us to movies. My father brought us to every Peter Sellers movie and Walter Math Jack Lemon movie that came out. To whom I owe my appreciation of that kind of humor. Yes. But I don't know. I never broke it down. But I would say yes, definitely. And probably still the reason. And also I love, you know, we would beg to stay up to see Johnny Carson's monologue. We'd begin the monologue. Can we see the monologue? Yeah. Okay. So when you get to Pomona, is this true that at Pomona you find kind of a comedy geek culture?


They Weren't self-aware of being a comedy geek culture. There probably is now. That sort of didn't exist right at all. They just happened to be the pure, unadulterated, brilliant science major, pre-med, major law, major geeks who loved Monty Python and who loved Fire Sign Theater. And it was like, what are they talking about? But those are the first people I met that I was really tuned into that comedy. They were beautiful, smart, probably at the time. Highly unpopular geeks. Now they've come to the fore. Yeah. Now they run the world. Yeah. Now they run the world. Yeah. Remember Revenge of the Nerds was like this pre first one preposterous scenario where the nerds would defeat the jocks and now the world is, And even then that was like, oh, it was preposterous.


But you got to see, you know, Jamie Cromwell laughing. Yes. Like, You know. And Anthony Edwards. That was the first turning point of making geeks in the title of anything. Yeah. So you had a visual arts major there. And what was your goal with that? Didn't really have one. I just liked it. After Pomona, I worked night shift at a newspaper in Glendora for a year. You're inching your way towards la I'm Inching my way. Yeah. For people Dunno, Pomona's like 60 miles out and Glendora is like 35 miles out. Yes. And then I went to UCLA business school mostly because my father was a businessman. And I thought, I think I can get a good salary after I go to business school. I truly was clueless in those days. We did not put the pressure on ourselves that these poor kids do now.


Right. I don't have a goal now. I mean, I certainly didn't have a goal then. Yeah. So you leave there. How on earth do you end up at Family Ties as a casting Director? Well, I have a very good friend named Lydia Woodward from Business School. A little core of us. We're just so not meant to be in the business world. I think we're all there for the same reason. Just to get A job, buy some time, and get a job. Buy some time and get A job. Yeah. I was living in California at the time, and I think I only paid seven 50 a trimester to go to UCLA business school as a resident. What a bargain. I got my MBA for two years for like three grand. Wow. That Is incredible. I totally think that's true. 'cause even when I graduated in 2000, all in was 3,800 bucks a year.


It was amazing. Anyway, so I get outta business school and a friend of mine, Lydia, was going right into film school at a FI as a producing fellow is what we called it then. And I was working in advertising in New York City at the time. My year right after business school, I went to work on Madison Avenue. Wow. In New York City for an agency called Doyle d Birnbach, which was mentioned in Mad Men quite a bit. That's why I love Mad Men so much. I was the tail end of when Mad Men would've ended, or maybe a few years after. People Were still smoking and drinking all day long And they had so much makeup and high heels. Wow. It was my first time ever spending much time in New York City. I was not cut out for advertising either, but my friend said, Alison, you should come to a FI. It is up your alley. You can get a loan for a low rate.


So I did in the producing section. Again, no goals, just said, no, that'd be fun. I think I'll do it. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You're just following the next thing in front of You. Yeah. And so I went to a FI loved it. I've never met people like that before in my life. You're ending up with, oh, that person's uncle is somebody famous and that per anyway. Yeah. In the student films. I enjoyed the casting part of it. And again, the same friend Lydia said, I think you can get a job in casting. I was like, no way. That's a real job. Your friend is like your guidance counselor. She is my guidance counselor. She's a great friend. She's a very successful writer, producer. But yeah, we hit it off because we both flunked one of our tests together. We were singled out because it's A bonding bond. Yeah, Sure. It was a total bonding thing.


Yeah. It's like friendships forged in war. Yeah, Totally. Do you remember what about the casting process interested you? I just dug it. We were casting a student film in those days. A FI had sort of a little sag connection, but not really. We're talking 1982 or 81. You really had to pester people to get anything done. In those days. There was no email, as you know, it was just calling people up and getting hung up on that kind of thing. But every time I watched a TV show, like I would see somebody on Marcus wel bmd, and then I'd see her in a experiment gum commercial. It was like, oh, she's doing a commercial. How does that work? I didn't know what casting was as a kid. Nothing. That's Why I think this episode will be so fascinating because you just are presented with this show. You're very far removed from Hollywood.


And the best case scenario, you're just buying into the notion these are real kids in high school in Beverly Hills, 9 0 2 1 Oh, you're not even considering, oh, that's an actor and No, no, no, no. Yeah. The notion that there's a whole rung of this industry that's in charge of scouting, finding and getting those people in. Hugely important. Yes. Especially for the talent. You don't really realize that until you come here and you're like, oh wow. Casting directors and casting is a huge component of this. Yeah. The first big gate. Yeah. That's being cast For you. You guys appreciate that, but not many other people. Yeah, right. Yeah. Right. Or even know it. Yeah. They don't know. Yeah. But anyway, I thought the casting process was really cool and creative and required a certain level of discernment.


Yeah. And taste. And realizing, wow, one actor can completely change a student film versus another actor. I went to Larry Edmonds or something and got a little catalog of casting directors and producers, and I started typing my letters to casting directors. And I think I sent out, like you had to put a stamp on the envelope, Mel. And then I think I got two answers. And one woman hired me, Judith Wiener. She was the casting director for Family Ties. Yeah, she Was. And that was at Sunset Goer. And I remember walking in on the goer entrance on Sunset Goer and looking to my left, and there was the Hollywood sign. So it was like, wow, This is cool. Yeah. Again, Goalless, but just like this is bitching. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. A word I never heard till I moved to California Made very popular in Fest times at Mont High.


Yes, Exactly. Okay. So you start working on that show, and I imagine you're doing a lot of the work that's not Yes. Picking The first thing you do as a casting assistant. Back then it was answering the phones, and my first office job was with Judith. And we shared an office with the late Tim Flack, who was the casting director, and they were doing the pilot of the Cosby Show. Oh wow. And we were working on a show called Benson All at Sunset Gower, which was an amazing old historic studio to work at. Because even today, it looks the same as it did probably in 1925. Literally inside, if you've ever shot anything at sunset hour, looks like you're in the 1920s, the old school payroll windows and stuff. That's really, really cool.


And they shot some magnificent old movies there, including the Three Stooges, which was my big comedy influence growing up as a kid with a bunch of brothers. We hid each other all the time. And it was all 'cause of the Yeah, We Were very physical. We were joking and not joking. Yeah. I think it led to a lot of trips to the emergency room that show. Yeah. Yeah. I know. My brother and I would try that like, because you'd go like this and the defense was this. Yeah. But I was five years younger, so yeah, those fingers were longer than this. So Yeah. But that was what we worshiped. And people are calling, I'm sure, and they're pitching people. They're They're calling those days. I was learning how to put people on hold and say, hold please and get back to someone. And my boss would say, don't keep anybody on hold for more than two seconds. So I'd be going back and forth. Hold please, two seconds. Hold. Please hold, please.


It was like, oh my God, there's a big agent on the phone. What do I say to a big agent? So it was a lot of answering phones. It was nowhere near as hectic as it is now. Oh. It's gotten more hectic. Much more hectic. Oh, you have tenfold more agents, managers, representatives calling you all the time. So much so that you can't get your job done. So we've had to pretty much switch to email and texting. Right. But back then, in the early eighties, we were working on a show called Benson. Tim was doing the pilot for the Cosby Show, and we were doing a show called Condo and a Pilot. So there was a lot of casting sessions to set up. And in those days you had call the agent, talk to the agent's assistant, give the time the place, leave the sides at the goer gate for the actors to come pick up in the days.


There was no facts. Sides are the lines for people who don't know. So that, those are the lines for the audition lines. I Still, I assume they're called sides because it's two sides of a playbill or something. I never figured that out. Me either. Me. We'll find out for the fact check. I think it has to do with one side, two sides of something interesting. Now, this huge explosion in the amount of managers and agents and whatnot. Is it proportional to, because when you were on Benson, you're casting the Cosby Show, there's only three networks. The three networks only have five days of airing and four shows. Yes. So you're talking 20, maybe 60 shows are on television. And now we're at, I don't know, hundreds of shows. So do you think it's proportional or something else happened that Happened way before we came into streaming?


Oh, okay. Yeah. I mean, managers started getting busy on us about 25 years ago. I think actors, for some reason, they decided they needed an attorney. They needed a manager. They needed an agent as well. And so I remember sometime in the nineties when suddenly the breakdowns, which is a service that sends to agents, the parts that we're casting, and then they submit headshots. Right. I need an 18 to 24-year-old. Yes, Exactly. Female. And that is how they disseminated the casting calls. Basically for every new project that came along, it was breakdown. There's kind of a monopoly on that one company. Suddenly, for some reason, I, I remember the first manager I ever heard of was Keith Addis, who represented Sting. He never would bother any of us. But it was like, oh, what does a manager do? Yeah. Anyway, so then for some reason there was just like an onslaught of managers who started to call us.


You'd have an agent calling about the same client that a manager would call about. What are they saying? Like, Hey, you should really think about my client. And you're like, yes or no. And then they call back and say, actually you really should All the time. And then the manager would call and say, this is the person. Okay. So when you were at Family Ties, I'm gonna ask you some juicy questions like, please. Famously, Leonardo DiCaprio was on Family Ties, right? No, he was on Growing Paint. Was On growing paints. On growing Paints. I fucked That up. That's sad. You wanted to ask about an early Leonardo DiCaprio. Yeah. I wanna Know what Young River Phoenix was. He was on Family Ties. Okay. Maybe that's who I'm thinking of. And Tom Hanks. Oh, and Tom Hanks. And Tom Hanks. Yep. And you already had Michael G. Fox. And This was all my boss, Judith Wiener and her associate at the time, Donald Deline, who's now a big Producer.


My favorite person in show business. Yeah. He produced without a paddle. Oh, he did what? What a gentleman. He's hilarious. And was just as funny. Then, wait, The line did the Pilot of Family Times. He was the associate at the time. Really? I think he was the one who probably turned Judith onto Justine Bateman as being a good one in the group. 'cause sometimes associates would pre-read the people, which doesn't so much exist anymore. Now you'd call it self tape as a pre-read. Yeah. I got a question about that. Anyway, many, many young people came through the family Ties coffers. Joseph Gordon Levitt, I think as a 7-year-old, played a bully with that. Oh, do you guys even know Family Ties? Yes. Yeah. I grew up watching Family Ties. You didn't I reruns. ISM. I don't think you can get it anywhere now. And it's a show that would catch on because of the conservative liberal thing.


Yeah, It would. Right. Interesting. 'cause Alex Sp Keaton was a conservative Michael and the dad was liberal. Whole family was liberal. Right. It Was great. Huh? And it was Gary David Goldberg's family story. Basically. He was liberal and a hippie and his kids were conservative. Ah, I believe so. Interesting. Oh, that is very interesting. Yeah. Yeah. No, that was 82 to 87. No, 89. So I was seven till 12. So You loved Alex p Keaton. I liked Justine Bateman. I like Alex p Keaton. Then he was in back. Did you like Skippy Future? Who was Skippy? Mark Price. Yes. He Literally the definition of the goofy friend next door, A few years later, you're on Golden Girls. Yes. With Judith. We did the pilot. You would be privy to one of the great kind of funny debates now that happens with the Golden Girls.


A the Golden Girls is this enormous thing, right? Yes. Like it's had all these different lives, which is great. And I watched it as a kid, but again, I was seven to 12. They look like grandmas to me. Now that I'm 50 or closing in on it, everyone points out some of the cast members were in their forties or fifties. Yeah. Estelle definitely made herself look like an old granny. So what was For sure the conversation behind closed doors, about what age you were gonna cast as these grandmothers? It was not even discussed. The women that were considered were all probably in those days considered elderly and they were in their fifties. It's the reality of the times. It's not like anyone was Kind of No, it's the reality of the times. Yeah. You still see that from time to time though.


But then it was not even a question. There was just people in their fifties were gonna be the elderly people. But Estelle came in to audition for something on Family Ties. I keep everything in my storage units. And I went back to see the way we got to Estelle and she had auditioned for something on Family Ties. I saw the producer session, which I typed on a select typewriter. And then you make copies of it, then you pass it out. She had come in for a part that she did not get. But then about a week later, Judith brought her in for Golden Girls just to pre-read her. We didn't tape her anything. We had to bring them back in person for all the producers, Tony Thomas and Paul Witt. Susan Harris didn't come to the sessions. Sam Harris' mother. That's Right. Oh, wait a minute. Oh, Sam, I'm sorry. What does he do now? Sam Harris has an enormous, Other than the comic who's not that. Sam Harris.


Yeah, Right. He became a neurologist. He has a huge podcast, but he has also famously on Bill Maher all the time arguing he got into hot water arguing Ben Affleck about Islam. He is a very outspoken, provocative intellectual. Wow. Yeah. Most people go the other way. By the way, most people know Sam. And I'll say his mother invented Golden Girl. Oh, I knew name was Sam. I think the reason she got into writing was 'cause she had to support Sam. Yes. Single mother. Yeah. She said, I can do that stuff. And she wrote a spec script for one of the shows at the time. And then she just got huge, she created soap and she was very, very important person. Not just female. Very important person. Yeah. In Comedy. A Titan. Yeah. In that kind of era. And then she and Paul Whitt made the greatest comedies in the eighties and nineties.


Wow. And they had the third floor on Sunset Goer. So by The time we get to 1990, I guess I'm wondering, so you are already pointed out something that happens, which is fascinating. You come in for one thing, you're not right for it. And that's its own thing that yes. Actors need to understand All the time. It's almost the rule, not the exception. It Took me directing things and casting people to really fundamentally understand what's going on in the room. Yes. I wish I would've started directing. 'cause it would've taken so much of the pressure off of auditioning. Yeah. Which is like, you're kind of right or you're wrong. You have some range of talent. But exactly what can happen, which is encouraging is you as a casting director, go like, well, they're terrible for this role, but they're good. I wanna keep a mental note of that.


Oh, We're keeping that in our heads. If you start in 83, and by the time we get to Fresh Prince, you had seven years of kind of accumulating people that you've liked Seeing every movie and every TV show and memorizing every actor. Anytime I'd go to a movie, this was before internet movie database. I have a ton of little notebooks. Stay at the end. Wow. And I write down all the cast I noted like Roseanne Barr, her first bit was on Johnny Carson. And I wrote Roseanne Carr. And then I wrote Riding Vacuum Cleaner. That was her band. So I remember her, her bit was riding Vacuum. Yeah. And then I ended up seeing her at the Comedy Store. Anyway, everything was handwritten those days. So I had tons of writing down everybody. Ellen does something. I didn't think I could spell her name, but I wrote it down DeGeneres.


Yeah. Yeah. Oh, This is so funny. Yeah. So I have all kinds of little notebooks. And you don't have a computer, so it's not like you can put all this in a spreadsheet. No. And and break it into categories and stuff. So anytime you have a new project on your hands and you've got 13 roles to cast, how do you keep track of this huge handwritten stack of paper? I would say that most of the folks I started out with Sally Steiner and Meg Lieberman and Donald, who started in casting. We just had scraps of paper everywhere. Okay. Little later I would get time out New York when that started and I would rip things out about the comedy people that they would talk about. That's how I remembered people like Rory Scoville And Ben Schwartz. I still have their little things ripped out of the what time out in New York. Some of these things like I think should be in the Smithsonian.


Oh God. They're all in my storage. That's Fantastic. I think the Smithsonian has a whole TV thing to it. Yeah. I'm Pretty sure. Yeah. They have Archie Bunker's chair. Oh, right Then they definitely do. But It was all scrap paper. Our walls were covered with little thumbtacks with somebody's names. Yeah. Every time you're watching something, you're on the lookout for someone that's talented. Does that ruin scene stuff? Are you too preoccupied? No, it Doesn't ruin it for me. Okay. 'cause I still love it. But at those days, you had to stay. Sometimes I'd have to see a movie twice because you can't go to IMDB and I'd have to look at the And It's going fast. Yes. And it's going fast. All time fast. And I was right. The lights might not even be on yet. Yes, Exactly. So I would have to go sometimes twice. And there's many people who I would bring in the next week and they got apart.


Wow. Wow. Okay. So that's one approach is you're paying attention to who's in what. Are you also going to comedy clubs? No. All the time. That was then you had to do it on your feet. You had to go into the comedy store. When I was working for Judith, she let me do some sort of new, which never really aired. Late night comedy show that NBC wanted to put on adjacent or after SNL. At the time, talking 1980s, that was my first flat out comedy thing. I had to learn comics. Like I learned my multiplication tables in the sixties. Wow. Yeah. I went to the Comedy store and improv every single night for weeks I'd park up above the comedy store. I never went to the main room. 'cause those were the acts that everybody knew Robin Williams. But I would go to the back room and sit there from like eight o'clock to two in the morning.


And I would see always like a 19-year-old, 20-year-old Jim Carrey. It was the same lineup half the time I went there. It was like Jim Carrey. And then it was Jeff Altman, Damon Wains, who was very young at the time, as I recall. I just sat in the back. I had to have a two drink minimum no comms back then. And I was just a casting assistant. So I would sit there and I would sit until the end. And usually, I think it was Sunday night, I forget when Sam Kinison would come on at two in the morning and be screaming. Yeah. And then I would leave and go home and do it the next night. I just made a point to do it solid for like two or three weeks so I could learn comics. You had to do the legwork then. And I have very fond memories of that kind of stuff. Yeah. Okay. 'cause so it is positive because for every Jim Carrey, you're also wading through two or three that are pretty rough and people are bombing.


Some people are thinking like, oh, I'd go to a comedy show every night. And No, they're hard. It's a little rough. And that was at the days preceding you, maybe not. Where the goal of a comic was to get a deal at a network. Mm. Right. First of all, to get a spot on Johnny Carson. Yep. Step one. And to get called to sit on the couch. Second of all, I remember we would also go back and sort of go to the ladies room. And then the comics were always out back in the hallway smoking and talking about their sets. And yeah, God bless the comics. But they're insecure. And these are now the biggest comics in the world. They're pretty mean too. The Mark Marin and the biggest standups in the world. Were all back there at the age of 21. Yeah. Yeah. Gossipy and mean Insecure. And it Is based out very few females. They even had just a female knight. That was all you had for the female comics.


I think it was the belly room. I remember when Whoopi Goldberg first came, it was like, oh my God. Remember Donald Deline telling me there is this comic, this female who is unbelievable. You should go see her. Her name is Whoopi Goldberg. And it was like, okay. Whoopi Whoopi. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Whoopi Goldberg. And you put her in the color purple. I wish. Did you get good at delineating? Who's gonna work? 'cause it's a big leap between standup and acting. Yes. And it goes very well for some, and it goes really bad for others. Do you feel like you got good with your thin slicing or your radar? Was there anything you could tell on stage that was gonna be predictive of whether they could do it or not? For me, the bar was how funny they were. And for example, I did not know how good Jim Carrey would be as an actor, but I brought him in.


I did not know how good Dennis Leary would be as an actor. There's an actor who needs a better career. Yeah. Yeah. Deserves a better, He got a good one. But deserves a better because he unbelievably good actor. As most many comics are good. Dramatically. What is more terrifying and difficult than standup comedy? Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Stay tuned for more Armchair Expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Klaviyo. Klaviyo helps brands build smarter digital relationships with their customers. And here at Armchair Expert, we know a little something about how challenging that can be. Here's how Klaviyo does it. Their unified data and marketing automation platform turns customer data into personalized connections to make every moment count across AI powered email SMS analytics and more. Klaviyo powers smarter digital relationships for more than 151,000 successful brands, including Hedley And Ben Fish Wife and Dagney Dover. Build smarter digital relationships with your customers. Visit KL AV IIY o.com to make every moment count.


We are supported by Academy Award winner, Alfonso Coones stunning Apple TV plus limited series disclaimer. I've watched this show and I love it. This show has an incredible cast that includes Oscar winners, Kate Blanchett and Kevin Klein, an Academy Award nominee Sasha Baron Cohen. You go on such a ride with this show. It's one of the most addictive and cinematic pieces of television you'll ever see. One reviewer wrote that it's a head spinning odyssey of emotion and tension that will grip you and thrill you. Who doesn't wanna experience that disclaimer is now streaming on Apple TV Plus. And you can learn more@appletvplus.com.


Blink and get more. Blink is your go-to value brand for smart home security made simple blinks, wired and wire free smart security devices work together to create affordable, convenient, whole home coverage when and where you need it most. If you haven't used a home security system before, blink is the perfect place to start. It's super simple to set up with everything you need to get started right in the box and you can monitor everything straight from their easy to use app. Plus blank wireless cameras and video doorbell systems have a powerful two year battery life. So no need to charge or reinstall batteries Your covered for a long time. I just love that the whole system comes in one box ready to rock. Oh, Security's really important. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yes. There was a whole situation in my apartment and it was reminding me that I really like security's Important. Yes. To learn more about Blink, visit amazon.com/blink, blink and get more.


We are supported by 23 and Me plus Total Health. As the year winds down, we often spend time reflecting on what's important. Well, taking proactive steps to take care of your own health is one of the most loving things we can do for the people who love us. And with 23 and Me, you can do just that. With 23 and Me plus Total Health, you'll receive advanced genetic screening, giving you a lifetime of insight into your potential future disease risks. It can help lead to early detection and even prevention. It's a longevity platform that helps you be proactive about your health. With cutting edge genetic testing and biomarker analysis, you can create a health plan that is tailored just for you. As you know, I've been, we're both in this study. Yes. And I've been going back to 23 and me and ordering different results, which is so cool. It's all sitting there for me to do. Oh, that's So cool. 'cause we've done it before. Yes. And we really loved what we learned. Also do it as a family or like as a friendship. It's really fun to read. So you get your results and you can read them together. It's fun. It is. Advocate for your health today. Go to 23 and me.com/dax for your limited time offer. That's 23. And me.com/dax.


I've said it before, but I'll tell you, I had a scene in this movie I directed where Kristen and I are in an off-road race car, and we've gotta drive through a barn door and it's a real barn door. We're gonna break through a barn door and on the other side there's ramps that are this wide. And then we're gonna jump to cars. And I'm directing. So I'm actually doing the whole thing and it's dark inside the bar and it's gonna be very bright when we crash through the thing. And then I gotta hit these little ramps and we're sitting in the car right before we're about to go. And the stunt coordinator, my friend De Castro goes, how are you doing? I go, I'm good. He goes, how nervous are you? And I go, if stand up is a 10, I'm at a four. And that's a real comp for me. Oh yeah. Jumping a car over other cars is like 40% As scary as standup. Yes. Wow.


I have always admired Standup. Yes. Also, because their hearts are on their sleeves. No matter how tough their act is or how tough and edgy their jokes are. Every new line they're scared about. It's just you. And when it goes bad and you know you have another 18 minutes, there's really nothing like it. I admire them greatly. I also sort of relate to their insecurity and all that kind of stuff. Most people who gravitate to Hollywood, I think have a lot of incur. Yes. Yeah. Looking for a lot of Approval. Because the one thing I find about Hollywood and kind of Los Angeles in general is it's very accepting of all freaks. And I like that. Yeah. Big time. That's very true. You might think it's gotta be a town of a bunch of people who really thought they were awesome. Completely not the way it is. No. Yeah. Completely counterintuitive.


Completely the opposite. Okay. So by the time you get to Fresh Prince, my question about that is the show starts with Will Smith. Yes. It started with Will Smith and the late Great Quince Jones. I mean, the highlight of my career was getting to meet Quince Jones. Right. 'cause he was a producer of like, he Was the producer and the creator. I think he grabbed Will and said, what can we do? And my partner in crime, we cast the show together. Sally Steiner, we drove up to Quince Jones's house. I think it was Mulholland. But we were so starstruck. Oh, absolutely. I was always starstruck. And I still am starstruck. You are still. Come on. But I've Only met you once on an audition years ago, and you don't remember, I'm sure. But you came in, I wanna hear Pitched from Endeavor as the guy from punk.


Sure. And those are the days where it was like you sort of didn't do that If you were a sidekick on punk. Now everybody and their brother from a TikTok video wants to be seen. Yes. You had much longer hair. Yes, I Did. And it was probably about 2003 because I remember I just finished the pilot of The Office and Mitch Hurwitz had asked me to do the pilot of Arrested Development. And I couldn't do two pilots at once. It was too torture. So I couldn't do the pilot. Deb Burki did the pilot. Many podcasts named me as the person who did the pilot of arrest. I just did the seasons after season one. She did the pilot and a beautiful job. She Did. Oh my God. What a cat. Yeah. I was doing a pilot. John Landgraf was the producer. It was fx, the early days of those places like fx. And it was called Dick's, D-I-C-K-S.


And I just remember thinking Dax DAX, the for six. That's a lot. Yeah. Visual Learn. But you came in and you were very good. And I remember thinking, oh wow, This from punk, good. Find hard to believe. ISN is exciting. I'm blown away that you would remember that. Of course. I remember specifically the agent pitching you when it was Endeavor. Greg Siegel. It would've been Yes. He would've said the guy from punk. Which course I didn't know what it was. Right, Of Course. But I had known Ashton Kutcher because there's all these stories that you could connect everybody to everything when you start out. Yeah. I had met him on a wonderful pilot called Advances in Chemistry that the very brilliant Richie Rosenstock did again ahead of its time. But he came in to audition for the Handsome Kid and he didn't get it because God bless him at the time.


Not an actor. He was only 20 or 19. And then Magliman brought him in for that seventies show. And the rest is history within like two days. I was gonna say, I think his story is, and we're very good friends. Oh you are? That's so cool. Oh yeah. How do I not know that? We stayed very, very close. You wanna talk about casting? So I didn't make it through any of the rounds at MTV for punks. I was in a discarded pile of tapes that didn't get advanced to the producers. And Kutcher had seen everyone. They had basically circled. And he is like, no one has the vibe. Let me see the people that were rejected. And I was one of the people rejected. So my entire career, Ashton had done that. No, he hadn't Done that since he had done a seventies show show. Okay. He was and had done just married. So he was like newly movie star. He Was kind of hot at the time.


Oh, enormous. He definitely physically hot at the time. Oh yeah. Yeah. He also was in the Zeist. Yeah. So he dug me out. And so yeah, my gratitude for him is off the charts. But what I wanted to own my baggage with casting directors. You do? Okay. I do. I'll tell you why. It's all my insecurity, which was I was auditioning for nine years in commercials and I couldn't get them. I just couldn't book anything. I booked two in nine years. I came to view casting directors as people who didn't get me. Ah. I'm like, they don't get me. I can't get through this layer to anybody. And then the time that I finally did break through, it turned out if we believe Ashton, I still hadn't gotten through the casting directors. So I just had it in my mind.


They don't like me, but I have to believe, hopefully these creators might, and that's in your head. Might head. Yeah. Yeah. That's in everybody's head about everything. Exactly. Yes. I was so insecure. I had been almost a decade we could Eliminate that in the world. I Know. It's so true. I just had it in my mind. 'cause I was so insecure that for whatever reason, they don't like me. And Then Maybe you were also going in and because you thought they didn't like you, you might've been being mean. Well, I don't think I was stupid enough to be mean. Not mean. But you might not have been warm. I don't think I was dumb enough to not be warm. I think you I cold. I just really had it in my head. Yeah. So did you chip on your shoulder, would you say? Yeah. I felt like casting directors knew people I was friends with. And no one really knew me. And I was so insecure.


And so I got it in my mind. I've gotta get to the other people. Yeah, right. I gotta Go past these People. I gotta jump over this gate that's in front of me and get to those people. Because again, when I finally got hired on a TV show, it was from the creator of the show. Oh yeah. I got such limited data and I'm telling this huge story based on this very limited data and I'm completely wrong. And then I come to find out like you're saying you liked me, which Is Oh yeah. I was like, wow, this kid from punk's really actually a good actor. That's so funny. I had the opposite feeling towards casting. Well, We talk about 'em all the time. Like you know the names of so many cases, characters. Well, I knew about you way before I moved to la. I was like, oh my God, she's, that Is shocking to me. She's The person. And if I could get an audition, like even just getting an audition with, I remember when it happened and I was like, This is the Craziest day of my life.


I was so excited. But to me, casting directors were almost like teachers. The teacher, I wanted the approval from the person who was gonna give me an A plus. And obviously I wanted the job, but I really wanted the casting director to like me so much. Yes. Which I think backfired a lot because like then I wasn't just me and commercials, this is probably bad to say, I did really well in commercials because I didn't care that much. Yeah. I just went in and did it. And then lo and behold, you do pretty well when you don't overthink. Or you can just be you. Yeah. I had the, I was like, Cassie actress, please love me. She's a good actress though. Oh yeah. So I've hired her as, yes, she's, I put her in chips and did, and I, the only commercial I ever directed, I love chips. I can't do it.


Oh God bless you. Okay. No, but I did Curb Your Enthusiasm. 99, you were still on to the end. I started in season three. Jeff Garland is a good and wonderful friend. He brought me on in season three, and then I was on for many, many seasons, except for a couple seasons where it wasn't available. But were you there when Monica got to do curb year? Yes. They, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Very sweetheart. So Jealous. The best You would've had to play yourself on Curb. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I don't think I was famous enough to play myself. And then I was too famous to play. Now you too. You can't not play yourself now. The show's over. Yeah. Yeah. I got in the sweet spot right before it ended too, So Yes. But I did a lot of my self-education then too. 'cause I tried to know every improv person in the universe.


'cause I was lucky enough to be doing The Office Curb and Arrested Development, starting with season two. If you go back and watch, then you'll see the same season. Everybody does Curb. Everybody's arrested. All the same people. That was when, from my own history in comedy, nobody got improv actors. Nobody brought them into the Four until it was like Judd Apatow and Paul Figa. For me, it was all casting sitcom pilots. And it was always tough. Tough to find anybody funny. Tough to find anybody who can pull off the sitcom and at those days, tough to find anybody great. Looking enough for a network to approve them. Right. You had to have a lot of things. Yeah. You did have to have a lot of things. So that was when Jud and Adam McKay and Paul Fiig, they started appreciating the fact that most improv actors or comedians who then got into improv was not in the fore of comedy either.


When I started, again, it was all standup comics. Right. Improv was still Second City and it was Groundlings, which were sort of character oriented. Yeah, Yeah. You're right. There was this huge talent pool that no one was really looking at. No one until sort of Second City started to move. I was trying to pluck people outta Second City in the early nineties. I remember going there to see Second City the first time when we were looking for Carlton on Fresh Prince Bel. Oh, no kidding. And they said, can we just go to Chicago and look for some of these kids? 'cause I don't know. And so I went to Second City for the first time, and that's when I met Jeff Garland. But on main stage at that time was Steve Rem, Steven Colbert and Amy Sedaris. Oh. And Paul Ella. Jeff Garland. It was crazy. And Mitch Ross. Anyway, that history of comedy. But when I started to do a lot of comedy shows in bringing a lot of the improv comedy was when the state had started and when Kids in the hall had started.


Yes. That stuff all came through. Basically what was then called the Comedy Channel, I think was Comedy Central, but at the time it was called something else, The Comedy Network. There was a great little boom. 'cause it was Kids in the Hall and then the state and then Ben Stiller had a sketch show. And then you had Mr. Show. Yeah. Oh, he started it all as well. Yes. He's one. I mean, Ben Stiller very important in comedy and I think they owe the biggest debt to Mr Show. Yeah. To Bob Denki and David Cross. Yes. Which would air at Midnight on HBO. A whole new genre. Yes. Yeah. We had Jack Black on Now is telling him, you know, I used to go to the live tapings of that show, and it seemed like just the most penetrable, the pastor guy on the street. Oh, you did? I did. He, was he a tie die mess? Yes. Yeah. He sort to mess. I had cast him in a couple of day player roles when he was first starting out and he was very singular.


Jack Black. And he could deliver one line and you'd remember it. Yes. And he was with the Gage group very early on in his career. In every casting office, you have people that you remember and keep bringing in and bringing in until they get the part that really propels them into a long career. So that was gonna be one of my questions. Do you get a swell of pride when you see like a Chris Pre? I do. You have To. I'm so glad. Yeah. These cast parks and rack. Yes. If it's not obvious, you're the only casting director we've ever invited in. Oh, thank you. And largely because I have someone who didn't learn about casting directors like Monica did I started noticing, I'm like, this Veep cast is impossible. Who on Earth figured out that all these people were this level of brilliance?


And that's when I think Veep, when I was like, oh, it's you, you are. And then I was like, oh. And right. And the other impossible cast would've been Parks and Rec. Wow. You did that and you've had several of those. It's insane. It's just impossible. The level of collective talent and unknown. And I realize, oh, you're a big a genius. Big, big piece of that genius. It's kinda like for me when I realize, oh, John Bryan, the composer might have as much to do with the Paul Thomas Anderson movies that I like because Eternal Sunshine I also like in the same way. And he has Yes. Composed both. That's like a revelation. Wow. Oh, maybe I love John Bryan. Yeah. When all of your favorite comedies, you look and it's you who's casted. Welcome. It's, wait a minute. Yeah. I think this might be about her.


The Music connection is interesting though. I do love certain soundtracks starting with Alfred Hitchcock movies. And they are what connect your fandom, I think a lot of the time. That's a great point In features. Casting directors always get credited. It seems the card right after the music. Ah, the music editor. Interesting. And I love that. Interesting. Okay. So you do you get a swell of pride when Chris? Oh God, yes. And I bore people with all the stories I'm bore you with now. Now. I Love that. Oh, it's been fantastic. I guess here's my question. 'cause Chris and I were at a hotel once and he and Annie were there. Yeah. And we ended up hanging out for three days. And I'm like, this guy's so radical. Oh yeah. He's so real. He's from Oregon. He was a wrestler. He is a hunter. Exactly. My thought. And he's funny pickup Truck. He used to show his funny side again. I know.


God, I've been thinking that a lot lately. And Jack Black needs to show his dramatic side. We have all these thoughts casting people. We talk about this all the time. Yeah, I bet. What does Kristen need to do? Keep on keeping on. She's doing pretty good. No, keep on keeping on. But she would be great in a down and dirty drama. Okay. Wouldn't she want to? I would. She Want, she's a dramatic, actually, she wouldn't, And then I always talk her out of it. Do you Really want, I don't talk her out of it. I remind her of what life she wants, which is she wants to be at home seeing her kids. Yeah. She does not wanna be on location. Yeah. She wants manageable hours. She wants to know she can drive the kids to school. She wants to. So going away to, you know, Georgia for four months in a down in dirty drama. We forget NCU Universe for Kristen.


She should be do a real movie, indie movie or something. Queen Pins was great for her. You cast that. I did. We love Kirby. Kirby's A Oh, Kirby's the best. Yeah. Kirby's a diamond. Yeah. Kirby, we've hired forever. The richest talent pool is comedy. Yeah. Frankly, my argument, and you would, I think, agree because you've directed now is so many drama actors. Some of them are brilliant at comedy going the other way. Comedy to drama is much more frequent and much more surprise. Yes. Sasha Baron Cone is very good in disclaimer. Yes. Yeah. I think it's because comedy requires you to be, it requires A lot of pain attention. It does. I mean, and a lot of experience and a lot of beating yourself up and a lot of stuff to draw from.


And I'm gonna add, and people will be mad about this. No, comedy's straight up harder than drama. Beyond Straight up. Harder than drama. Yeah. There's so many tools that can be employed in a drama to help you. You could have no look on your face and do the perfect push in and the right song and think You're a genius. Yes. Yeah, exactly. There's no cheating a joke. You can't cheat a laugh. You can put a fart noise in or something. But in general it works or it doesn't work. There's no manipulating it. You can't put the perfect song in all of that. It's funny. No, of course not, though. They try. They Do try, don't they? And it's generally generic. Okay. Can you think of some people that you really went to the mat over that didn't get it, that then turned out to be huge? Do you feel like you've got some great vindicated stories?


Oh, you should have A group casting director thing. Because people would be shocked at how many people flunked first and then got the big It's tenacity. Tenacity. Tenacity. It used to be in pilot season, the people who didn't get the roles the next season would get the roles and the next season, the people who didn't even get as far as the network would get the roles. That's good to know. It's A cycle though. It is tenacity. Can you think of someone that you were like, you just battled and lost Oh, oh, oh. Yeah. Battled for Elizabeth Banks to get many things. It was mostly like women whose studios didn't think were pretty enough. Like Elizabeth Banks, we finally got her 5-year-old, old Virgin. She Pretty enough. Yeah. The fuck. Yeah. Or Amy Adams. Oh God. Or funny enough, both, by the way, wickedly funny.


Elizabeth does a lot of comedies, but Amy needs to get back to some good comedy. 'cause she's wickedly funny. She needs a, just have some fun maybe. Yeah. For a few months. I'm sure she would like to, comedy is a little bit in a coma now these days, So it's not a great Time. So not many opportunities. Brie Larson is who I was gonna mention. Oh. Was never, I mean, this is a gorgeous, talented girl. And she was never good enough for a studio to approve her. They just didn't think she was the leading lady. And then boom. An Academy Award later. Exactly. And all kinds of stuff. Yeah. Yes. That I do love. It would be so hard for me, for them to be passing on Brie Larson and Elizabeth Banks and Amy Adams. I would be like, guys, why are you doing this? Wait A minute. You're approving Seth Rogan and you're passing on these people. Exactly. I would be saying it.


Yeah. You've navigated lots of different eras in this business. Oh, we say it all the time. So if you're working with a director, they're casting their third movie or show and you've cast hundreds, how do you manage not saying like, you're wrong. You're gonna have to trust me. This is my expertise. I try never to go there because once I said you're wrong to somebody, and I got screamed at, don't you tell me I am wrong. You deal with a lot of egos. Yeah. Oh man. Yeah, you do. Yeah. Don't you ever say I'm wrong and I'm not wrong. I've Never been wrong. And by the way, he was dead wrong. Yeah, exactly. And that actor became a huge star. Yeah. Yeah. See, and you deserve to have the ego, Your resume.


Resume. We casting directors, fight, fight, fight so much for actors. I brought this up recently. I wish actors could appreciate how much we do fight for them. I gotta tell you this, this is the truth. Generally, I research people and then in the process of researching them, there's some curiosities that kind of surface. I've never sat down and just had questions like I have for you. No, please. Have you developed a radar for who's gonna be problematic? Like they might be genius level in the room, but do you think you've gotten good at going, yeah, this person's talented, but is not gonna be worth the work? You can tell when certain people are annoying in the room when they're auditioning, that they're may be a little rough on a director. Directors can tell that too. Somebody will read and ask questions or ask the wrong questions.


The way you can read people in general, even though somebody who waits on you at McDonald's is like that little prick. Yeah. Right, right. I bet she's a great mom. Exactly. The way you can read people, it's just a people reading thing. And yes, I do believe I have instincts for that though, in terms of behavior in the past. I don't ever repeat it unless I've seen it or it's been on a movie that I've worked on. Like somebody will say, don't ever hire that actor. They're difficult. Yeah. I wanna make sure it's accurate. So many actors get a bad rap because they didn't get on with the director or a producer. And it's actually the director who is the problem. Yeah. It happens so much to women. Yes. Oh, is that true? So more often you'll hear Don't work with her Than this woman is difficult than, oh, come on. I know. You know, because she has an opinion.


And then you hear the director's name. It's like, come on. Right. Yeah. Women still do not have a leg up. What pisses you off the most in the casting process? I'll never work again. All the casting executives, the levels of people that we have to go through. Right. And the levels of people that we have to cc and update. And you're talking About in a studio, I'm talking about in a studio or film, television. There's so many levels. And it really throws me off my game. And this has been for decades, frankly, in casting, you need, like what we're doing now, we're tracing people back for 30 years. Yeah. We need to do that in our brains. And if you're constantly concerned as I am about, oh my God, I forgot to put a name on a list. Oh my God, this person thought of this person. Oh my God, this person's cousin wants to be seen.


Oh my God, this person's manager asked me to see this person. You have absolutely the shortest synapses you could possibly have. You lose that long-term thinking of, who's this person I loved in that show? And I can't remember who it was. Yeah. That's what I wanna spend my brain power on. And we are exhausted by the end of the day. And that is the only time we have to do it. It's so much more difficult now to actually actually be creative. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. What are your thoughts about improvising in an audition? Only If you know it's okay. Do a little bit of research. People see me and they think I can improvise, but I will, I'll Say, I'll say, okay, this one, don't improvise. Oh yeah. That's Good. You know, because some actors will do it. All these beautiful comics, most of the time they come up with funnier stuff than is on the page.


People like Jow and Paul Fi and Mitch Horowitz and Adam McKay. They appreciate that. Yes. Right. They want that. Larry David wants that. But I will warn them before coming in or tell their agent. And I pray to God, the agent tells the manager, who tells the assistant, who tells the assistant, who tells the assistant to the actor, to the actor. Don't improv. Yeah. Right. Yeah. There is a line between comedy people who want to hear every line they write and comedy people who don't care. And they say, you can't make a wrong step. Just do whatever you want. So you should ask, Okay, please ask. Interesting. Okay. Otherwise, they'll think you can't act, Do the thing. Right. You Can't do, Which maybe I can't. No. I've kind of gone like this. And again, I'm not giving this advice to any actor at all.


I don't think this is a good strategy. Here's what I told myself. Yeah. At some point I'm like, I'm better if I can make this thing a little bit mine. I'll be different. It might anger you, but I'll be memorable. I've got to be me. 'cause this is who you're gonna deal with. So actually it's a favor for all of us. If we find out now there are other people that are much better at this. Yes. If that's what you want than I am, here's the thing I can do. Well, maybe that'll appeal to you or not. Like at some point I feel like, and maybe it was just an attempt to get some control over the experience, which feels very powerless of like, I'm gonna give you what I am and maybe you'll like it. Maybe you'll hate it. Yeah. I think that's great. I do, depending if you're in there for Jud or somebody, you should absolutely do that.


Because I find myself, I'll publicly apologize to Beck Bennett now, because once he came in for a pilot of Brooklyn nine nine, and after the audition I said, wait, Mike, can he do it again? 'cause he can be better. I just came outta my mouth. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Bring it way down. Something like that. And then he was great. He had chosen to make the character big. And I love Beck Bennett. Yes. Get the guy a major movie in a major show. Yeah. If I'm allowed to say that. And when you say Mike, you're talking about Sure Mike. Sure. Yes. We love, That's the best of the best. Best. That's why your shows are spectacular plug for the new Ted Dancing show, which is spectacular. You guys are gonna love it. Kristen Just did a little thing on that, I think. I know I didn't get to go to that, but I know she did a little bit. But yeah, Mike Shore is a director who's a dream because he wants to see who you are. Right.


And he doesn't care about the words he does ultimately, but he doesn't because you find stuff there that you would bring to it or that Beck Bennett would bring to it that is not on the page. And you do need to show them who you are. And you're gotta be able to do the thing. I totally do. You Have to be able to do the thing. I Think a mix is always good. Like If you, for the most part, stick to the sides the whole time, but Maybe you improvise on the button or you add a little, you better ask. Ask. Okay, great. Okay. Or else they will say, I've had major comedy. People go, he changed my line. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And I'll always be defensive of the actor always. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like I don't like it when they make fun of an actor. I just, I'm always defensive the actor when they Leave. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. For what they want. Come on. Yeah. Okay. What do you think about coming in character and foregoing the chitchat?


What Do actors like? Because I always try to make an actor feel at home when they come in, but I realize I should ask the actor, do you just wanna come in and do it and then talk? It's gotta be project specific, right? Drama. Yeah. Chicha, I've come into things. I remember I almost got on True Detective. So I go into that and I'm like, you know what? I want to get to the acting as quickly as possible because I am funny in real life and I am joyous. And then I don't want to have that huge radical shift for you. I'd rather just come in, be polite and do the thing and let you see that I can be a badass. Got it. And then leave. But I don't know. I feel like it's project Specific. Yeah. I mean, I've always just being, I think, empathetic to actors when they come in, because no matter who, it's in there, it's a dead room.


And coming into audition for comedy is ridiculous. You're in a vacuum and you're trying to be funny. Yeah. And they've seen it 45 times. Exactly. And it's a ridiculous task. So that's why I also think self taping is beneficial. Great. That was one of my Questions. Beneficial. That's changed. But you come in and then I should ask actors, can I say something and make a joke? I always try to just make some sort of joke or mention I just saw them in something. But I'll do have a feel for if they kind of just want start. 'cause what I am cut off from is I appreciate it about how much preparation you folks have done and how you've talked yourself out of it, and how you beat yourself up. The Whole car right there. Oh, it real. The lobby is the worst. Jesus. The lobby is Jesus. You're listening to other great comedians and You see the same people. I can I tell a small anecdote?


Yes, please. Please. Donald Lyes movie. He did a movie of Yogi Bear. Yes. Yes. Which was lovely. People should discover that for their kids or put it on Netflix. And I was bringing in the greatest com comedy people ever. Dan Aykroyd was willing to come in and read for Yogi Bear. He was perfect. But of course, the studio thinks they have to hear him do it, which is ridiculous. That's the other thing. I'm like, just hire this person. But that never works. He came in and then Rob Corddry came in and he said, I have to follow Dan Roy. Yeah. Instantly Was like, God, I know my generation. I was starstruck to even meet Dan Ry. Yes, Of course. But you see who's coming in. You came in before you. Oh, it's So rough.


It's The worst. It's such a mind. Fuck. Yeah. Oof. Yeah. Yeah. You're already nervous. And then you see these four guys are definitely better than me. I have to cut myself off from, or else I'll just be too much jelly of sympathy. I was gonna say, that is how much preparation and when they leave, it always just blows me away. Somebody who gives an incredible audition and who you can tell worked on it so hard. That is impressive. That is how you audition, right? Yeah. Yeah. Like you can't take on everyone's ener, the amount of energy that, Oh my God. But God bless actors from A to Z. No, it's Very gracious, honest To God gracious. Oh. Some of them come in not prepared at all. Right. And then you're like, just leave. You're a jackass. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. What's the number one mistake you see actors make?


I would say, not with me, but when you're in with a big director, a big producer doing it and saying, Ugh, I didn't like that. Can I do it again? Good Tip. People can do it, but sometimes You better be fucking great. That next adjustment you Gave your I think so. And I think sometimes you sort of wanna wait for the director to do that. Get a feel for the room, be prepared, and don't come in. And I know you can be nervous and I will try to help. Is that the camera? Am I looking? That's What actors Do. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I would say just sort of read the room sometimes. Yeah. And don't come in and say, I just got the sides last night, so I'm not prepared. That's an old trick some actors have done for decades. Right. I will already know which actor's gonna come in and go, Ugh, I just got the sides last night. Yeah.


Yeah. Okay, great. These are great tips. And don't Chew gum in an audition unless it calls for it. A lot of people are insecure and they'll eat food or chew gum in an audition. Eat food, All bring a big sandwich. Oh, You really, about what do you think about coming in in character? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. I could see freaking people out, or I can see it really working. And you Mean coming in in character, being the character, not dressed like a policeman or something. Well, That's two questions. I guess that's Too, well, self-tapes, I think it's fine to look like the person, because studio executives who approve these parts, you're in a cop uniform. They're gonna think, oh, he can be a cop. Yeah. It does a lot of the work. God bless 'em. But most of them think surface things. Yeah. They're juggling different things. Yes, Exactly. And then you do have a group of executives who are unbelievably tuned into the creative part of it, but many are not.


But I would say come in, in character with comedy. I think it's okay. I wouldn't say you have to, but for example, JB Smo came into audition for Curb as the character he had made up. Yes. And he came in, Larry, Larry, David. Yes. You know, he came in instantly. Larry was on the floor. Right. He Had the part immediately, basically. Yeah. Wow. So you gotta be pretty confident when you do it. You gotta be good. You gotta be, and you gotta be confident because then it won't hurt you. In my opinion. I could see someone going, this is a little scary. I need to know the real person. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Frequently also, when the scene is done, you get a feel for the person. Yes. The way in Bora Ken Visian, who played his assistant in Borat. Yes. In the first Borat movie. Came in with Sasha, did not know, but with a very authentic Eastern European accent.


And then after he was done, after he got the part, we told him he was American. Oh, wow. Oh, that's great. So that was smart. And Sasha was blown away because we highly GED him. I mean, we, right. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. What's the hardest role you've ever had to cast? Meaning you read the most amount of people and traveled the greatest distance? McClean. Oh, really? Really? Everybody Knows what McClean is. Yes. Oh, I would say it was the toughest role ever to cast, because No kidding. It took months and months pre-internet. I think we did some sort of a MySpace thing. That was the first big internet thing, right? MySpace? Yes. Yeah. And it turned up nobody, those are days you still put up flyers in high schools and things like that. Wow. And I knew I wasn't turning up a good geek, you know?


Oh, I know. I can recognize a good geek. And Judd was like, no, no, no, no, no. Michael. Sarah first came in from MCC Cleven, and then it was apparent he was perfect. That was right after he finished Arrested Development. So he wasn't a star yet. We still had to read every kid in town to play Seth. And Evan Judd first only wanted kids who were actually 18 or 19. So at the time, Jonah was a little bit too old. We wanted him to do the table read. And no, Judd wanted kids younger. I sort of ignored kids who were older than 19 or 20. And then it did Dawn on Judd, wait a minute, Jonah looks like a baby. Of course he can do this. And then Michael, Sarah came back and read as ces. And of course, wait a minute. Or Evan. Or Evan one. Exactly. Yeah. One of the two I already got. But Mick Levin, I wanted to find the most amazing nerd ever.


Greg Mottola did too. And I knew I wasn't turning anybody up. Casting people know when they're not deliverable. And you had to keep looking. And so we put up flyers in high schools, and I, I still have a copy of my flyer. It was at Attention Nerdy High School. Boys call this number or fax. Fax your picture to this number. The little headshot of Christopher Min Plae came through a bad fax. His forehead was stretched out. Picture came through. I was like, okay, we're gonna see this kid we had sent. And my associated time, Delia Frankel had looked up improv classes in high schools. So we had sent them around to high schools and they were calling us. And I think the way he got was one of his friend's mothers said, there's a flyer for a nerdy high school kid. Christopher, I think you should submit it.


Oh. So he came in. Judd saw it instantly. Other people did not. I did, Judd did. The reason I thought he was funny is because part of the scene was he had to name his character McCluen. He said, McCluen ga instead of McCluen, crack me up. Just the way he said it. Those are the little things. Yes. Right, right. As you recognize in comedy. Yeah. Yeah. And he was just like, Coke bottle glasses kind of a kid. The same way that Martin Star was. He read for all three male roles and Freaks and Geeks. All the geek rolls. And he was just like, bingo. He's one of 'em. And knew what he was doing. He came in and he was like, wow, look at the way this kid looks. And he can act. Right. What the same with Tim Simons when he came in for Veep. Oh, horrible. Thank you for that compliment. By the way, Veep and Parks and Ricks knocked me out those casts.


And I'm not saying it to pat myself on the back, they're, they're impossible. It's all an act of faith. All of it. And they knocked me out. We heard he was a casting assistant. He was at some point, I think he was, I don't know specifically, but not for VI mean, for V. Loved him the way I found Tim. And it's a great sort of casting story. I should get into the Philis story too. Am I ticking you over too much time? We love it. One of my associates at the time, Peter Kosaka, who's now a great manager at Mosaic, he said, would you meet my friend Tim Simons? He's in, did you see that at Abraham Lincoln commercial when she says, does this make my butt look big? And I said, oh yeah. That tall guy. He's cool. I, of course I would see him. I love to see new people, of course, as all casting people do. And I met him, I think we just brought him in to read for something.


And it was like, oh, he's really good. We put that in our head bank. And I brought him in shortly thereafter, I think for one thing that he didn't get. And then I brought him in for the Veep pilot, which was written as like a short stocky chainsmoker. Right. Any good casting director. You don't really read the writer's description. 'cause you need to just bring in good people. Yes. Yes. So he came in and he was killer. Funny. We read great people for the Veep pilot. 'cause that writing is Armand Ucci. And Julia came in for the sessions and read his people. Yeah. So that was very enjoyable. But Tim came in and killed it. But his competition was stiff. And when we got to the network at HBO, he was great. And after talking, I was able to hear how they came to the conclusion that Tim Simons was the way to go.


And again, against some very big comedy people. And Julia would talk about it and how she wanted to act with these people. Julia was a large part of picking that cast. She said about Tony Hale versus the competition for Tony Hale. I would not be embarrassed to ask Tony Hale to get me a tampax. Right. And that's how he decided he would be the perfect bagman. Yes. She said, Tony would not embarrass me. The other person might embarrass me. Right. And it turns out that we ended up using all the runner ups in recurring roles on Veep. What A freaking cast. Wait, do you wanna tell Phyllis? Oh, Phyllis, I don't know if this is generally known. I think it is that Phyllis was my associate for seven or eight years. And we were casting the pilot of The Office with Ken KPAs. We were in the room reading. We had two days of final testing for all the different combinations we could use for The Office.


I was reading and Phyllis was filming, and Ken Koppa just sort of tiptoed over to me and said, let Phyllis read with the actors. 'cause I think she might be good in the background. Wow. It was like, of course she would look at the people in the British office. Wow. In the background. They're real looking people. Yeah. Yeah. And so, yes, we let Phyllis read and she went in to Reed with the test between like Krasinski and Jenna and a lot of other people. I had previously been reading with Steve and a few other people and she was great. We were so excited. And then Greg, when he faxed over the pilot and there was one line for Phyllis, we went and how At The time Phyllis was gonna make like $630 for the day. And that was exciting SAG scale. Yes. Yeah. In 2003, right about the time I met Dak Shepherd.


Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, If you dare


Looking for your next streaming obsession. Paramount Plus is a mountain of all new original dramas, including the series. Everyone is talking about Landman starring Billy Bob Thornton, John Ham, and Demi Moore plus Lioness with Zoe Salana and Nicole Kidman and Tulsa Kink starring Sylvester Stallone. From Showtime comes the agency, a spy thriller starring Michael Fastbender and Richard Gere get the Paramount Plus with Showtime Plan to start streaming.


Today


We are supported by Netflix. Have you ever found the House of Your Dreams only to learn It has dark secrets. Netflix's new series, no Good Deed follows Three families vying to buy a 1920 Spanish style villa that they think will solve their problems. But as the sellers discover, sometimes the home of your dreams can be a total nightmare. I love this show. I gotta give a personal stamp of approval. It's so good. Also, a 1920 Spanish style Villa. It's a gorgeous house. You wanna live in it. No good deeds. Starring Lisa Kudrow and Ray Romano is now playing only on Netflix.


We are supported by Anytime Fitness. If you've been considering starting a fitness journey or if you're actively pursuing fitness goals, anytime Fitness has everything you need, not just for bigger muscles, but for a bigger, better life. The right equipment, easy anytime. Access to more than 5,000 global locations and expert coaching to help optimize your personalized training, nutrition, and recovery plan, both in person and in app. I got an Anytime Fitness membership for my brother one year for Christmas. Oh, you did? I did. And oh, that's a great gift. It was A very big hit. Mm. Anytime Fitness is convenient with flexible, always open hours at thousands of locations worldwide. And an app that you can use anytime, anywhere. They have all the equipment you need to reach your goals. And Anytime Fitness is focused on creating an inclusive community vibe with welcoming members who push and inspire each other to reach their goals and have fun along the way. So what are you waiting for? Get started@anytimefitness.com.


Well, I mentioned a new thing. This wasn't one of my questions, but it just occurred to me talking about technology. Clearly now a big driver of who gets cast as like what their following is Not in what I work on. Okay, Good. No. Okay. I wouldn't have a clue. And if somebody says to me, oh, they have so many followers, or they're this onac, it's not a negative for me, but it means, well they're not a trained actor. Yeah. Maybe they're funny. I'll look at a clip and it's like, that person's not gonna be able to act. Right. And I've been wrong many times. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But usually it's a version of that. How About this, what percentage of the roles on the shows and movies that you're casting already have stars attached? Almost a hundred percent. Movies have to have a star attached to get it made. To get any financing, you probably need two or three, no matter how low the budget, even maybe the lower the budget.


You need the financiers to say, we got Kristen Bell. You know We got Deck Shepherd. Right. Well that's, I'll play it too fast To lose. We got Mon Impediment and Deck Shepherd. That's Okay. Now we Now we're now we're talking Adding up to like half a Kristen Bell A to the mix all three. It's looking pretty good. And TV Frequently now for the streamers, they probably have a project attached to like, I'm currently doing Bill Orange's show with Steve Carrell, but we're casting everybody around him. Yes. So what is your preference? Do you like to start with a clean slate or do you like that? Oh, I'd love to start with a clean slate. Yeah. The Office, we started with a clean Slate. And would you prefer to break unknowns And comedy? For sure. It's gotta be more rewarding for you. It's So much more rewarding to give someone a break. Yes. Earlier you said, I love meeting new people as all casting directors do, but I don't think that's true.


I think you are an exception. I think a lot of casting directors, they don't necessarily wanna see anyone new. They want reliable people. They already know. And I think it's special. I don't know about that. I couldn't speak for other people. Well, I think it's special If you might be more of an expert in that than I. But I know that we all have our favorites based on how we perceive the talent and how they can deliver and how they haven't been given a shot to do it yet. I'll read something and think, oh, this is perfect for Monica Padman, or This is perfect for Rory Scoville or something. And they haven't been given that huge shot yet. Yeah. Yeah. But I think that's an exception. I really do you really do. I do. I don't know. Do I think it's special? Have you had people who you know are so talented and you've seen them be so talented and they just can't audition? Oh Plenty.


Especially in comedy. Yeah. And is it heartbreaking? What Do you So many, it's heartbreaking because my job then is to talk the director into it and to show them stuff or another audition where they've done it. Sometimes it works and sometimes it just doesn't. People will listen to you and then people won't listen to you. Yeah. I gotta say one of the, I think more difficult things about this job is, I don't know how good Daniel Day Lewis is as an auditioner. He would Probably be the worst auditioner He probably would be. It's a different skillset. It's almost the closest they'll get to standup. Exactly. They don't have any of the environment. They don't have the other actors. And there's the reverse. There are people who are great auditioners who then on the set, you don't get anything more from them. Yes, yes. Yeah. You get the line reading from the audition. However, a kid who was great from the time he was 12, Leonardo DiCaprio.


Wow. Yeah. Okay. So let's talk about Once Upon Beyond, I gotta say in the last 10 years, the performance that has blown my mind more than any other, and I watch the movie all the time, is Once Upon a Time Leonardo DiCaprio in that movie is so next level, I don't think people are recognizing that he's playing three levels of actor. He is an actor, playing an actor who's okay sometimes. And then he has a moment where he is great. Exactly. But he is not as great as Leonardo DiCaprio can be. Great. Yeah. He's as great as that actor can be. Great. Yeah. When you see what's going on in that scene and what he's having to juggle, it's so impressive. He has never given a bad performance. No's true. He's always almost, it's better than some of the movies. He's in Killers of the Flower Moon.


Any other actor in that part would've been like, they were doing a role from a sketch in Hoot Nanny, you know? Yes. It was like, are you kidding me? Yeah. He was Heartbreakingly good in that role and he was so over the top. And the version of that in comedy is like Steve Carell as Michael Scott. So over the top, but still unbelievably real and good. So great. You got genius to pull those off. Well, Allison Jones, this has been such a delight And a delight for me. I could talk to you guys for Hours. Oh, same. You're the best. You're so sweet and wonderful. And I'm, well I guess my single last question is, you refuted my claim of 42 years, but it is 41 years. Might be 41 and a half, but just say 41.


How on earth have you kept your stamina to stay hungry? And your job is so hard. The hours are so crazy. How have you stayed hungry and dialed in? Only 'cause I like it. However, the past 10, 15 years, it's a different business in terms of what we do. And in terms of pressure, you get from top heavy things. Yeah. And things have changed completely. You're Like a doctor that has to do managed care now with a insurance provider. Exactly. Yeah. Perfect. And even since streaming has started, it's incredibly different. You go to one of these streamers and we become just data entry people. Everything's put no algorithm. I hate the word algorithm. They've algorithmize creativity and you can't do that. Yeah, yeah. But they have, and they've tried in terms of payment and who to cast and what's gonna appeal to a certain group of people overseas or here.


Netflix is doing that a little too much, I think, just in my very humble opinion. Right, right, right. It's not a humble opinion. Your opinion, again, If you, until You're batting average is Fucking ridiculous. I was right to be so excited to get an audition from you. Yeah, well you're so kind. You're A legend. Sure. Thank you. Yeah. We're super honored that you feel shattered with us. My assistant Hannah freaked out when I told her I was doing this. Well she did. Yeah. I'm afraid I'm not a podcast person either. And I should be. 'cause I'm a true crime person more than anything. Well then You're missing out on This. Yeah, I know. Yeah. But I googled armchair expert and I type too fast. And it said arm hair expert. I'm not kidding. That Should be a another show. We do arm hair, arm Hair, expert arm.


You know I have, I need one. I have arm hair. It's literally insane. But fuck, I forgot. One question I want to ask. Yeah. This is a nosy question. No, sure. But when you have a track record like yours and someone wants to cast a comedy, starting with you is like starting with Jimmy Burroughs. Thank you. Do you get to participate ever in the success of a show? No. And I wish I had on a couple of indies. I have. You mean financially one of them Has paid off extremely well. But casting directors, we can't even get paid ads. I mean, we just don't get anything. 'cause studios don't care and they don't understand. That's Insane. I feel like you should be a participant at, you should be with your level. You can on indie movies.


Are you? Because they do need you to attach some of their leads, things like that. But no, on television, never. If I had residuals on shows like Boy Meets World Fresh, principal Air, The Office. The Office, I'd be retired right now and I'd be very happy. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. But no, we do not. And I wish we did. That's the next step this year I was able to help negotiate with, oh you were the MPTP and the Teamsters and it was fascinating. And we can only go baby step by baby step, but when we could ever participate, especially in a cast like The Office, which you do do from scratch. Yes. Yes. And people do know your value as a casting person. Yes. In a comedy basically. I do know I have value. Yes, of course. Yeah. Creatively. Anyway. But thank you for asking that because no, we almost get paid within the same pay range too.


I don't get paid much more than Anybody else. Wow. It's kinda like when you're a director of a TV show, you get the DGA minimum. Yeah. It doesn't matter if you've had a great career. Now if you're Burrows, you can obviously negotiate ownership of the show to do the pilot. That's how they make money. Right. The ownership of of the show. Anybody who gets to do a pilot, very good. Jim Burrows is, oh, burrows So wealthy. So yeah. Oh My God. Look at the pilots. He done. Warner bought the fucking Red Sox, so Yeah, I Know. I know. Yeah. Although again, that too has changed. What Do you mean it's changed? Well, Seinfeld would sell into a cycle of syndication for $800 million. And in the streaming world, none of these shows that have been on the air for six years I know get sold into syndicate. People don't get rid like Mike. Sure. One of my question. No, exactly. I said, Mike, do you ever lament the fact that If you had the exact same career you had in the eighties and nineties, you would have $800 million?


Yes. He goes, yeah, I think about that A lot. One of my very early pilots was for a very big then TV producer named James Komack who did Sanford and Son. And he did all the cool shows. And he had a big home in Beverly Hills that he called CAA syndication. Oh my God. CAA syndication. So come on. Yeah. Yeah. But that's a lovely question to ask about if we participate. 'cause No, and I wish I did. No, and You You should and You should. And I wish I had, it'll never happen. It's kind of bonker, not In my lifetime's. Easy to me. Or Stock options. I'll take stock options too. Yeah. Something. I used to sit in Netflix. Okay. Don't pay me, but give me a mutual fund of Amazon. Put a mutual fund out and pay us that way. Yes. And then when you get rich, we get rich. Okay. Well Allison, I look forward.


Thank you Dr. To seeing you again. We adore you. This has been so fun. I'm so glad you much agreed to do it. Likewise. Thank you. And I hope your nerves dissipated. It's dissipated. I was so excited when you emailed. You're definitely getting called back to producers. I can tell you in the room. Thank You so much. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Alright. Be Well. This is fantastic. Thank you. Stay tuned for the fact check. It's where the party's at. Yeah. But it's fine. I think he's, I don't know what the word is. Sturdy. I was gonna say fighter. That's not right. I want clearer. Like maybe he's, because I wouldn't call a sloth a fighter. Right. By God can they hang upside down indefinitely.


That's true. That Is true. So maybe he's sloth. Like He wants to show up for his friends And for the holiday. Yeah. What is that thing, Monica? Is that a person or a reindeer or Ram isn't Reindeer. Those horns are, should be kind of informative, I guess. I think he's a bear reindeer. Just a big old re with two big horns. Are those ears kids or hers? I shouldn't Genderize. I think Those are ears. And then he And then Some antennas. Horns. I see some metal antenna on. I think those Were rain. Is it Remote? More Controlled? That's our hat. Yeah. Our tree hat. And to put it on the very top minute it leave frame.


Yeah. So he's just sitting on some branches. Yeah. He's almost, he's almost summited. That's tree A. He's a he. Yeah, he is. Let's, let's call it what it is. Yeah. It's festive in here. Okay. So we just, we just scrambled. Right, because we were setting up for the holiday episode. Yeah. Which we should tell. We have a holiday episode coming up. It's a bonus episode. It's A bonus extra episode. Yes. On the 20th. That's a coming. That's the 20th is when it's Coming. It will be on YouTube though. Of course it's gonna be everywhere. I think people should watch it on YouTube. Oh, big time. You're gonna have some A-list singers dropping through. Mm. Gonna have some present reveals gonna have a lot of decor.


This is only a taste of what Wwas got more stuff planned. Great. As he does, this tree has been stolen from my daughter's room. So I had a really great meditation this morning. Great. It's been a long time since I had a great one. What constitutes a great meditation? I think what adds up to it is like, can I stop ruminating? Can I not think about our employers during my meditation? Can I achieve that goal? And so I got kind, I took a different tactic with my mantra a little bit, which was no one's, and we don't need to get this in detail, but I was just literally like, say you have to say the mantra five times and just concentrating with some limited thing.


I then I could buy myself five more all to say when it's really great, I lose a sense of my body, which is really fun. Like I know how I'm sitting, but I can't really feel my hands or my legs anymore. I can tell I'm kind of detached from my body. And then I'll often get blasts of light. I'll start seeing like lights in my, there's a word for this. Okay. In tm, but I don't know what it is. I heard, I've heard Howard talking about it. But I'll get some light activity in my detached state from my body. And anyways, when I came out of it, and that's why I'm telling you about it, is when it ended all by myself in my room. I said, Hey y'all really great meditation. Wow. That was the first thing out.


It Was, that's great. That's, that's the power of tm. It opened up my creative channels enough to go, Hey y'all. Really great meditation. That's Good. That's good. And then I thought, of course need to have an app that just at the end of your thing you hear, Hey y'all, really great meditation. That would be great. People would buy it. Are you done with your Christmas shopping? Oh please. Oh man. I'm afraid to even think about that. I mean, I know I've gotten a bunch and I've certainly forgotten people. And it's gonna, Yeah. As much as I love, I, this is my holiday as you know. It's my favorite. God, do I cherish every day of it? In fact, I hate that it's coming. Yeah.


I hate that there'll be a day where it ends. Yeah, I know. And so the girls will be like, they're in a hurry. And I'm like, no, no, no guys, just pump the brakes. Enjoy it. Enjoy. It's so much more fun anticipating it. But the only part I can't stand about it is the test of your love for others by Oh, your how thoughtful your gift was. Sure. And then I was thinking, I got a little cynical for a minute. I was like, they, they really got us with this racket. I mean, what an incredible racket. Yeah. For consumerism. It's like you have to go buy something for everyone you care about. Yeah. That's the rules. Well, it's not always the rules. You can make new rules like secret Turkey.


We have to make our gifts. You don't have to go out and buy. It's just the, it's just that's the taking time to think about people. Yeah. What if at, at Christmas morning everyone sat around you go, I thought about you. Like that was the present. That would Be nice. Well, that'd be like The Grinch who stole Christmas. Maybe Christmas doesn't come from a store. Wow. Dr. Su Suan Suan. Yeah. Your favorite Word, you know this, this is a blast from the past. But Crosby's house boat, which was of Parenthood, which was in Sausalito Harbor in real life. Okay. The first time we ever shot on it, it was an actual boat. And then it of course was in a sound stage down here. But it was originally in Sausalito. Two boats over from Crosby's boat was Dr.


Seuss's boat. He had a houseboat in Sausalito. And he still had, It was still his bow. I guess it was his wife's at that point. His Wife's still alive. She was in 2000. But whatever year we filmed the pilot. Whoa. Wabi Wob. Give us a update on Mrs. Seuss, his Second wife. Oh, okay. Died in 2018. Yeah. That's way after we shot another blast from the past. So you ready for this? Yes. Some scholarly detective arm cherry people, a lot of people won't know this whole thing 'cause they came in in Covid. My endless fucking thing about the American soldiers getting the English women pregnant during World War ii.


Yeah. They found the book I'm talking about, you know who wrote it? Dr. Seuss. Dr. Ceases now Margaret Mead. Oh, that's a Margaret Mead book. It's almost impossible to get, there's like five libraries in the country. What's It called? I could tell you. Yeah. We need to know, tell you. Right. Frigging now. But not only did, am I not insane that I imagined that whole thing. It's Margaret Mead, godmother of anthro. It's called the American Troops in the British community. An an examination of the relationship between the American troops and the British by Margaret Mead. Is this the Pumping the brakes thing? Yes. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That Her conclusion was culturally, in America, women have the brake pedal.


Yes. Men have the gas pedal. But in England, men have the brake pedal. Right. Women have the gas pedal. You get a couple folks with a gas pedal. I had an anecdotal experience with a gal You did. Who I adore. Yeah. What a gift. Yeah. Yeah. And we used to ask all British people if they agreed with this. And pretty much no one did. Well I, I remembered as being like 50 50, but Oh, okay. And then there was, but in my pursuit of figuring out what the hell I had read, of course, I, I stumbled upon a bunch of other academic papers on this same topic. 'cause there's this huge term war babies. Yeah. There was like this. Yeah. And so one of the theories or conclusions was an, another element is that in America, kissing's, nothing, anyone will kiss, kiss on a first date, whatever.


But that in the steps of progression in England in 1942, kissing was very far down the road. You would've held hands, you would've, I done all this other stuff. Like I guess kissing was like, you're there. You right. Very, if you've committed to kissing, very intimate, pretty much committed to banging. And so there was some miscommunication there where the American Gs were like, lemme put one on you. And then those gals were like, oh my God, this, I think we're gonna have, oh, wow. Sexual intercourse. This is so intimate. Not as intimate as holding hands. Okay. Yeah. For me, the most intimate is holding hands. I, I have to basically be about to marry you in order to hold my hand. That would be so weird to be dating.


You had of made out, rolled around lots of sex. Go to grab your hand and you always pull it away. That would be fury. Well, This happened. I went on a couple dates with someone and they held my hand and I You were ready. Was like, what are you doing? Yeah. Like, let's do anal, but let's not do this Way too intimate. Way too intimate. Where do you think that stems from? I guess the only real memory I have of having my handheld is as a kid from my parents. Yeah, sure. Oh, Or my grandparents or someone like making sure I was safe. Yes.


It wasn't just, no one in my family just holds hands. Oh, they don't? Yeah. I think it's fallen too, but it's my life. So my parents don't hold hands or anything. Oh, okay. So it wasn't, it wasn't a symbol of like romantic affection. It was a symbol of safety. And that's extremely intimate. Yeah. So unless you're about to propose, you're not allowed to hold my hand. Grab that hand when it's time to Propose. I hold hands on the ride to school every morning. Yeah. If I'm in the car with them and they're in the front seat, we're holding hands. Yeah. I feel like you hold your, you hold Kristen's hand. You hold people's hands.


I hold Aaron's hand. Yeah. Yeah. Hand holding's very nice. I think it's very nice. Yeah. Very intimate for you. It is, it is. Okay. Do I have my Christmas presents done? Not really. This year. I didn't feel like I got the, there was a perfect gift for anyone. Really? Yeah. So I didn't really, so far I haven't got the satisfaction that I normally get in buying presents. But that's okay. You, you can't win every time. Right. And so you, you, what I'm grateful for is you have experienced how I mostly experienced buying press.


Like I hope they like this. This'll do. Yeah. They'll know. I thought of them. Well, I know everyone will like it. Sure. You got good taste. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But I, it wasn't, I wasn't like, I'm, I'm not feeling like I'm so excited for everyone to open their skin to see their Faces, See it, and they're gonna, and it's so thoughtful. It's like not as thoughtful this year, but you know, it's okay. I've already had some mix ups, so. Okay. Use your gift guide. Everyone should, A lot is sold. You said a lot was sold out and I was thought you were just being nice. But then I went on to buy some, to send some stuff to my mom to buy me and, 'cause she needs, she needs a written list.


Yeah. And Allah was gone. Oh yeah. I wanted stuff off of that gift guy too. Virtually nothing. The only thing I could get is when I'd be on the website and then I'd start sniffing around for other items. Sure. Those glasses, those adorable glasses. 'em, which they didn't have the first time I was at that website. Oh. They Got back in stock. Then I was there for some other business. So anyways, I sent them to my sister-in-law. Cute. And they arrived and they just open up the box. And then she sends me a text and I like these. I'm like, well, how good you have Thought. Oh, he thought she, You didn't have to wait till Christmas. Well she thought, but, but it's not her fault. It's not her fault. Slow down. It's not her slow down ax.


She goes, oh my God, I'm so your brother feels terrible. So what happened was the box came. My brother just opened it. Of course he knows I didn't get a fucking set of glasses. Yeah. So he just like, oh yeah, thanks guy. These glasses. But yeah. But clearly it's Christmas. You wanna hear the gross thing? I did too. Yeah. What'd you do? So she's like, oh, I like 'em. And then I'm like, I need her to know they're not kids. I didn't get those at Mcna. I didn't get them at a fast food restaurant. I'm like, those, of course not. They're nice. I respond. Yeah. Those are Monica's fancy glasses. Like I, I, I, I enlisted you. I was like, yeah, she'll. She knows if I said These are Monica's, she's gonna go like, Ooh, he spoiled me.


Oh, that's nice. That is really nice. Is that store not in America? It's not. Okay, great. So this is a grievance I have. Oh, I went nuts there. And they use DHL, which I guarantee is a phenomenal service. This is no shade. DHL. But it's, I think it must work easier in Europe. Sure. There's a ton of texts and it just Standard is a signature. No, I know. Fucking Standards. No signature guys. Unless I say signature. So then I gotta go. Every single item I bought from that place, which is a lot, I had to go and fill out the forms to make sure that they could be left on the porch. But after. But I have my texts from DHLI probably have 40 texts from D Hhl in the last week.


And every time I think now knowing this one's just an update. It's not the consent form for the no signature. I already did That. Oh boy. Yeah. The signature can get very stressful. Listen to my complaints in life. What? I just got completely ashamed of my complaints in life. Yeah. Like we live in an era where I can see something that's gorgeous and then it'll arrive somewhere. And I'm like, so flum spot. Like I have to sign for It. I had to click my phone twice. It's true. Oh, it's true. But this is what happens with technology. We just get accustomed To it being quicker and quicker and quicker and easier. And easier. Yeah. And we want it to be, I mean, again, we've talked about this a lot, but like the amount of minutes my brain has spent on wishing there was teleportation and really wishing like thinking like, I think that's coming and that needs to come now.


And like it's about time. Like actually frustrated. Yeah. Where is it? Yeah. Yeah. When I try to explain to the kids that like, yeah, I had a cassette tape. It was 60 minutes long. If I wanted to listen to my favorite song over and over again, I had to rewind forever. And then who knows where you land? Who knows. You can't land on your song. No. You're always gonna be listening to the back half of a song you don't wanna listen to. Sure. I know. Wild. You're in all black today. Well, I think these are, you Look great. Thank you. Yeah. Very smart outfit. Thank you. But I think these are actually dark. Don't, I don't wanna do, I don't wanna do this. They are, they are. Let me guess, your shoes and socks aren't white.


They're titanium white. I bought these at a store and when I bought them, they were Navy On the description. I think so. Okay. I wanna be honest and say, I don't really remember, but I'm pretty sure they were. I'm ensnared in it. Here we go. There's no way. Those are Navy. Hold on. I can't sit here and have you saying those are navys on the same color as your shirt On the tv. It kind of looks Navy. Oh, Greg, here we go. Is this a constant double cross from wbe? W Well, I don't know of in person though. Well, blown up. It's just kinda shimmery. Yeah. Okay. Thank you Rob, for being honest. Speaking your mind.


You have something on Rob. There's something behind, you Both have great points that I think it could be both. Look, I'll say Straddle. I know. I'll say that. Normally I'm more, it's Navy. Like I feel very definitive about it. Yeah. I, I'll give you that. These a couple times I've thought are, are these black? But then they're not. Okay. I would prefer you, you go like, these are navy. That's the kind of reaction I want. Oh, you prefer me to say these aren't Navy than are these black? Yeah. I just think it's funny to go, like, you've been duped. You just go, these aren't navy just to yourself.


Right. You don't think that's funny? I just think it's the literally the exact same thing. This is like what happens on sets where there's a line written and some the person, normally the writer says like, oh, this is the best way to say it. The mean Writer Sometimes me. Yeah. I mean sometimes me Exactly. And says, well no, this is, I've dissected that. This is the funniest way to say it. Yeah. And then the actor, whoever will say the same line and then the original person is, is like, oh, no, no, no. Can you go back? Can you say That?


Well, unfortunately, that's actually the script supervisors this this Navy job, which is so unfair. 'cause they don't give a fuck what you say. I don't care. And they're pitted right between the actor and the writer. Yeah. This isn't Navy. And is this black? Yeah. Those are pretty substantively different. They're I think so. I think So. No, they're not. But If you had written a line, say your line again. Are these black? That's really good. You sold it this time. So I'll try that. I'll do, I'll do one your way and then you pick in the edit. Okay. Are these black? That's kind of a, that was really New read On it. Yeah. New different is Maybe It was like an acting exercise. I didn't wanna do exactly how you did. No, But do the Navy one though. Oh, Didn't I?


No, I was doing yours. Oh. But I want you to do both so I could pick in the edit. Oh. Oh my God. You told me you set this Up. That's lunch everybody. We didn't get to it. I was leaving for lunch. Oh. Oh my God. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Audible audible's. Best of 2024 picks are here. Mm. Audible's curated list in every category is the best way to hear 2020 four's best in audio entertainment. Like a stunning new full cast production of George Orwell's 1984. This is the one I am most excited to indulge myself with. I'm So excited to listen to James, which is a new title by personable effort that is very, very hot right now. Mm. Well, there's so many good ones on the list. We love Audible. This is how you go to bed. I love Audible. I swear by Audible. I can't wait to listen to the Orwell 1984 off this list. I'm also doing fleas, bio autobiography right now, which I'm obsessed with. I can't get enough Audible in my life every night. Go to Audible dot com slash dax and discover all the years best waiting for you. That's Audible dot com slash dax.


Oh my God. I like the idea of that. Rob leaves for Lunch. That was like a, that was such a rob joke. Yeah. It wasn't a pun though, but it was like a behavioral punt. A Baby. A baby punt. A baby behavioral pun. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. That was bad. That was great. Okay. Wait. So back To why you're in all black. No real reason. Just, that's your outfit. Yeah. This is just like no one passed. No. Okay. Cute. No, no, no, no. It's, I just thought it was chic. Yeah. Yeah. Dress to impress. Dress to impress. Yeah. I did I do that? Yeah. People wanna, Why did you look down at your, because I have a fuzz. Oh, okay. I go dress to impress and you go Impress.


This would, I'm just repeating what, what just actually happened. We could rewind the Tape. Okay. I looked down, this is my outfit. And then I saw, I have a bunch of fuzzies on it. Tell me, I dressed too impress, even though you know where it's going. You Dressed impress. I would that be a wild If for me to, for me to look at my outfit and not look at my boobs? I'd have to like, okay. Fair, Fair. I'd fair have to. I feel so conscious now. Oh No, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's okay. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry if that was inappropriate.


Anyway, Anyway. I know where we're at. Really great meditation. That was so long ago. Yeah. Well, I'm glad you had a great meditation. Good. Me too. I watched a Christmas story last night. Okay. No one will watch it with me. Oh. I mean, the kids won't watch it with me. Got it. And I was like, why don't they, they know good shit. Why are they acting like that? They don't like this movie. I really couldn't accept it. And then I was watching it and they weren't there. And I was like, yeah, it's probably a little slow for them. Oh, I could admit that. And it made me very nostalgic for back when there was like a downtown. And it was decorated because when I was a kid, Detroit still had, like, Hudson's did a big Christmas display.


You could go meet Santa and you go to Saunders ice cream and have a cream puff. And it was a whole thing. There was a, there was a parade. And then Cobo Hall had this thing. And you know that opening shot where they go, it's a wide, it's in Cleveland in the fifties, Higby, you remember they had their, their department store was Higby. And it was lit up. Lit up beautifully. And a really great window display with train sets. Yeah. It made me so nostalgic and Sad. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah. Well, also to them, like the fifties is like the 19 hundreds to us. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't wanna watch a movie about the 19 hundreds. Yeah. And you know what? Instead of like trying to get my kids to like it, what'd I do?


I go, oh, my father-in-law was born in Cleveland and this is the era of his childhood. So I'm like, Hey, do you love a Christmas story? He's like, who doesn't? I go, yeah, but you particularly, you grew up in Cleveland. And then he was like, is it said in Cleveland? Then he sent me this whole thing. He's like, oh my God. You're right. Higby. I used to go to Higby every, and then he got a whole story about Higby. That's cute. Yeah. So then you just text it throughout the whole movie Because it's slow and boring. It's not a good movie. No. It's so good. And Ralphie, if anyone's gonna has yet to watch it, and they're still gonna watch it. When I want people to dial in most specific, the cutest thing he does, Peter Billingsley, IE Ralphie, his tongue is so busy in that movie, and it is one of the cutest things I've ever seen me, like when he's doing the decoder ring and he's like, eh.


And they did, and they know it too. 'cause they all of a sudden you just go to an extreme closeup of his little mouth with that little tongue darting around. And anytime he is reading out loud or he is thinking, he's in front of his class, he's like having this fantasy that his teacher loved his essay. And she's on the chalkboard right now, a plus eight plus. And they go to him and he just wistfully think you know this. And he is like, God. And his little tongue is darting around. It's Oh, is it cute? Acting used to be so easy. All you had to do was move your tongue around. You darted around and it Was considered good acting. No, he's, he's impossibly good for a 9-year-old in that movie. It's crazy how good he is. But just anytime he's thinking the shepherds, we stick our tongue out when we're concentrating really hard.


You do, you've not noticed that. I don't have it quite as bad as my dad and my brother and my uncle. But yeah, if I'm really going after something, my tongue comes out. Really? And we all do it. Yeah. So this just seemed like the thing he does when he's like, Distracted. Hold on, let, hold on. Do a roll. Do it. Do it as if you're, yeah, I wanna see it. This would be out All a sudden. It's a little out. Yeah. Oh yeah. Like I'm expressing like, like I, I wanna, I guess I have seen that face. It's kind Of become an inappropriate fact check. And I wanna apologize to the Christmas listeners. Why? Because of my previous thing about you going like this.


And then now I'm just going like, like, Hey look. All of a sudden that look kind of inappropriate and I just wanna clean it up for the holidays. Since when do you wanna clean it up? It's the holidays. The holidays are sexy. What are talking about Bop People love to have Sex for singles And for people in couples, they have sex by the fire and stuff. Yeah. It's great for singles and couples. Not people with children. It's all about children for us. Yeah. But for even for Right. People with children. Like, don't they still have sex by the fires? Or could you have sex sleep? Your days of having sex by the fire are completely over the day. Your first kid arrives. What about if they're asleep? Well, your parents, you can't fucking run the Well, why not?


It's a big fuck the island in the kitchen. It's Why not. No way. Rob, are you and Natalie fucking in the open house at all? No. Never. But Do you have, do you have a fireplace? We do. Oh, Well, you should fuck in front of it. Toys Viol clean for Christmas. Do you ever jerk off in front of that fireplace when no one's home? You know, the thing I hate that I can not think of, and I don't know if this is urban legend or, or real, but allegedly rumor, urban legend little boy who puts his tongue on the pole, gets it stuck to the pole.


He did a porno when he grew up. Oh. Oh. No. Know, know. They think it's 'cause of that. No, I don't think it's 'cause of that, but Well, It Might be. I, I don't like that I'm watching this movie and all I can think of is this little boy grows up and does a porno. Which by the way, it's fine If you do pornos. I don't even ju I don't even know why it's, I I don't care if you've done a porno. Yeah. I'm kind of curious why it bumps it, But I don't think when people go into movie acting, their goal is to then graduate to Pornos. I think you probably come out here to do movies. You start in Pornos and Maybe you graduate. Well, that's the whole thing. When your parents are afraid you're gonna move to Hollywood and then become a porn actor. Yes. That's like the whole thing.


That's The stereotype. Like don't, oh, don't go become Yeah. You're gonna have to get sucked into porn. Right. Unless it's a dad and a son, he's like, boy, I hope you find your way over to Pornos. Well, maybe then, Maybe it was just falling his dad's dream. Let me ask you this. Yeah. Now this one I, I know is real. Okay. Double check Rob. So I don't get to, but I do believe Screech was in an adult Town. He Yes. I was about to say that. He was. Yeah. And I And does it impact, when you're watching Saved by the Bell, are you thinking like, I haven't watched it since I learned that information, but yes. I can't, I wouldn't, I can't like see a picture and not think that, that He did a porno. But I Also, it, I, it's more than just like, oh, it did a porn note. It feels I'm dark.


There's something that feels dark about it Again. Like it's not what they were wanting or aiming to do. Yeah. And that maybe they were in financial straits and then people knew that they would be a draw. It doesn't, it sounds like someone maybe compromised. Yeah. Well, he, He put it out or not taken advantage of. He put out a sex tape called Screech. Saved by the Smell. Saved by the Smell. Yep. What a classy title. It's, I'm lucky I never ended up in one. I mean, let's be honest, I was unemployed for nine years. Oh no. And I was, you know, I was a party animal. I could have ended up in one. And boy, God, would You really have, I mean, I don't know. You're somewhere you're drunk. You start, you ha you meet like six porn stars at a thing.


Everyone's having fun. I guess. You hanging out with Them. Do you got no money? You like having sex? No. Y you'd have sex with them, but you wouldn't have them film it. I camera I'm just saying that I'm, I, I'm lucky that never happened, is what I'm saying. Did have you ever filmed yourself having sex? How dare you ask that question In, in Public. Why? Why, Why have I ever filmed? My people do? Of course they do. Or not you or has has. Okay. I to really think about that. I'm Surprised. I think I've run some video on, you know, but I don't wanna say anything. 'cause it's not, I don't wanna say Who, we're not saying who with. Yes. But I think I've run some video on some nudity in my day.


Wait, what's the difference? This is like the, I'll tell you the differe, like, did I ever set up a tripod? Right. And then, yeah. No, I didn't, I didn't Do that. Oh. Then what is running some video on nudity? What's that look like? Well, you got your video camera out and then you're like shooting in your thing. Holding and then your girlfriend's naked. And then you film her. 'cause you wanna look at it later. At some point. I mean, There's, but it's not the act. Right. Okay. Okay. Okay. I mean, I don't have any problem with people making a sex tape. I think that's awesome. They're having fun, Having sex by the fire. The holidays, like most couples do, Like most married couples with Alice full children, children do.


All right. Well, this is for Allison Jones and this is our last episode of the year. I mean, sort of, we have a Smorgasborg of offerings. No, no, no, we do. But this is our last real episode. Then we have an armchair anonymous coming out on Friday. And then we have our holiday special. This is our last New interview of the year. How about that? Okay. And it was a great year. It was a great year. Fantastic. Year Closed really strong. Yeah. Yeah. And We, one after another, We added this location. That was a big deal. That was scary. That was a big change. A big challenge. Yeah.


And we are embracing it. Yeah. It's nice. I like how it's going. 2024. Oh my gosh. Yeah. I can't believe I forgot to say this. Do you know that the Pantone color of the year was announced? Okay. So I saw a comment yesterday. Okay. That was like, when is Monica gonna talk about Pan? They were like worried, nervous and worried. Yeah. I'm so sorry. It's taken me this long. Yeah. Okay. It's, But do you know what it is? A plaque? No. Close. What it's called mocha MOUs, which is basically mocha mouse, which is basically brown mouse.


Is it the color of your skin? It's brown. There's A lot of shades of brown. Okay, fine. No, it Hold up the Pantone color to your Cheeks. It's not, it's not really, but, but no, that one's A little modest moose. What's it called? It's called moca miniature MOUs. Mocha. Mocha moose. Mocha MOUs. It's not as dark as yours. So, And doing tongue. This is, this is a holidays. Do, do, do and ba deba. Okay. But it's, it's a little more pink. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, That's a great sign That we're going into the browns with Pantone.


That, that they picked Brown Mouse. Brown Mouse brown. That's a good omen. That is a good omen. It's gonna be an incredible year. Yeah, I think so. For all, all of the people who listen, it's gonna be a great year. What do you do with that color? Are you ordering items now in that color? Like, do you adjust anything in your life? Yes. That's the whole, you know, it's my background on my phone. Okay. So that's one thing you do. That's that's an actionable step. That's the whole, that's what I do. Okay. There's nothing else. It's not like when they announce this color, are there collaborations where now different companies you can order the Pantone? Yeah. Sometimes Moose moko, moose knuckle, Brown Mouse. They'll do some collabs. Sometimes there's, there's often a mug. I might, I might get that this year.


Yeah. And, and yeah, so I make the background of my phone, the Color, you know what I would call that color? And again, I know this is xenophobic. Ah, it's not really but nude. That color just looks like nude to me. Like nude. The before they got wise to, that's not what everyone looks like nude, but nude undergarments. Do you know what I'm talking about? It's almost like a peach. Yeah. Yeah. That's more peach. That's more what this year's was. That's this year. That's not moose knuckle Uhuh. Oh, I thought you already had it. No, I don't get to put it on it until January 1st. Okay.


Okay. Okay. All right. They have a bunch of collabs already. They have a Motorola phone. They have Joy Bird, Libratone headphones. Oh, Pantone and all those brands. Oh wow. Oh my God. Do they have the mug? They have a, they have a million things, so yeah. Wow. Probably so. Yeah. Okay, great. Oh, I wish they made an iPhone case in it. See, That's exactly what I'm talking about. Like, That would be great because then the wallpaper, everything would be brown mouth. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Mean This is this year's that's more nude to me. I mean the color. Yeah. The one year holding up looks very nude. Yeah. And the mocha mousse is nude for a brown person.


Light brown person. Light brown person. Colorism. It's even, it's even imp Tense, whatever. I embrace this as me. Okay. That, yeah. Wait, hold that up again. Now it looks darker. Oh, this is much What has happened? Oh, because are you sure? I think you might might've held up the Paint. I didn't. I promise. It's because when you zoom in it for some reason it looks, Something goes away. Zoom out. It's like 10 shades darker. That's your, almost your skin color. Yeah. So there go. That's Great. Okay. Two facts. One, she got her business degree for $750 a trimester at UCLA. Now, I made a mistake when I checked this fact before.


Okay. When I type in now UCLA business degree cost, it says the total cost of the MBA program is $128,000 per year, including tuition and living expenses. The tuition is $78,000 per year. Could it have quadrupled since the last time you Googled That? It, I must have. It must have been not the MBA program that I looked at. It must have been regular tuition. 'cause I Googled this now like eight times because I was also confused. That's wild. I, let's just say the last time you looked at it up it was 22 grand a year.


Yeah. So obviously I looked up the wrong thing. Yeah. So I don't know. Who knows? But I Just go there and then find out when they get, when you get the bill, tell us. All right. And then why are they called sides? Hmm. In acting sides refers to a specific part of a script given to actors for auditions. Because historically actors would only receive their own lines from a scene. Es essentially just their side of the dialogue, which helped protect the full script from being copied or shared with competitors. Especially during Shakespeare's time when printing was limited. Hence the term sides. We also discovered that he's married, his wife's name is Anne Hathaway.


That's crazy. Still adjusting to that info. That is shocking. And I'm, I'm surprised that I didn't know that. 'cause you're a Anne Hathaway super fan. No. 'cause I took a lot of sh I had to take a lot of Shakespeare. Right. From your Shakespearean knowledge. I should have known that. Maybe I did and I blocked it. I don't know. But Anne Hathaway, well she is a style icon. We need to interview her to get to the bottom of whether or not that was intentional or not. I agree. I agree. I agree. It would kind of confirm the story I've made up about her in my head. Okay. Wait. Which I feel like she was just born to be an actor, Right? Like I feel like she's probably been acting since she was one years old.


Yeah. I mean, princess Diaries, she was just two years old. Okay. Is that a real age? No, I didn't see it. No, but she was young. Okay. Not as young as Pepsi girl. No. I would love to interview her and ask Her that. Me too. Great. Please, Anne. Even if the interview's 30 seconds and you tell us whether that was intentional or not, we'll take what we can get. Or if she wants to come in as Anne Hathaway, Shakespeare's wife, I'll dress up as Bill Shakespeare. That would be cool. Yeah. Who could, who could I be? They didn't. I don't think they have many. Brown. I will dress up as Julia a piece of poop on the floor. What? Because? Because Brown, they didn't have very many brown people.


You are So, I need to be, you Are so mean brown people of color. And I'm here to be an advocate and an ally. I we're trying to be true to the times. I am very disappointed. I know who I'll be a Butler. Okay. Chambermaid. Because they had Indian Servants. Yeah, they did. I think. I'm pretty sure. I'm pretty sure. I'm pretty sure. I'm pretty sure back then England. 'cause they owned India. Listen, I'll be a poop. A poop. No, no. No. Piece of poop. No. You'll be a moose snuggle. Pantone moose snuggle. Wow. All right. Well we aren't gonna do this again until I guess the holiday special, but that'll be a little different.


Yeah. And then next year, 2025. Brown Mouse is good. You're 50th year. Oh my god. So many good things. Very even age number for me. I love that. Yeah. Brown mouse. Yep. For you. And 2025 feels really sharp. It's a quarter of a century. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. There's something about you being 50 and it being 25. That's nice. Yeah, Because I was born in 75. It works out perfectly. 25, 50, 75. Yeah. All quarters. You Should be more excited about that. Alright. All right. Love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Behind the closed doors of government offices and military compounds, there are hidden stories and buried secrets from the darkest corners of history, from covert experiments, pushing the boundaries of science to operations so secretive that were barely whispered about each week, un redacted, declassified mysteries. We pull back the curtain on these hidden histories. 100% true in verifiable stories that expose the shadowy underbelly of power. Consider Operation Paperclip where former Nazi scientists were brought to America after World War ii, not as prisoners, but as assets to advance US intelligence during the Cold War. These aren't just old conspiracy theories. They're thoroughly investigated. Accounts that reveal the uncomfortable truths still shaping our world today. The stories are real. The secrets are shocking. Follow redacted, declassified mysteries with me. Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app.