
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan Rather and I'm joined by Monica Padman. Hi. Hi. Today we have a, a guest that I've been following on Instagram for a couple years now. I went and saw him do standup on a first date with McConaughey. Yeah. And Austin Andrew Scholtz. And he's also an actor. Okay. This is fun because you are on the, you are on the fence about Andrew. Yeah. About some of his comedy. Yeah.


And before he came I said, yeah, you come on in. We'd love to have you, but there'll be some pushback. So this was a very unique and fun episode. It was, it was. You guys got to really hash it out. Yeah, it was, it was really engaging. He was great. Yeah. And yeah, it was A good episode. So this one's really political. I guess that's what I want to say upfront. Yeah. We try to avoid politics. This one where I was like, there's no way we do this without going all in. Yes, I agree. So there's gonna just be some people if we choose to have them, which I think we should. I think we should have everyone on. Yeah. That If you ignore that piece, I think that's problematic.


Right, right. Like, I think we have to Ask. So for me it was very fun 'cause we never do it. And also in the middle of it I was like, yeah, this is why we never do it. 'cause we're in the Sure. You know, we're getting very granular about this policy or that and this year and whatever. But I, I thought it was thrilling to sit kind of on the sidelines and watch the whole thing. Yeah. Yeah. It Was fun. Andrew has a new comedy special out now called Life on Netflix. Beautiful standup Really about him and his wife's journey to having a kid. Yeah. Which is really, really sweet. It is. And he also has two very popular podcasts. He might even have more but Flagrant and the Brilliant Idiots.


So check out both podcasts and Life on Netflix. Please enjoy Andrew Schulz.


We are supported by the all new Galaxy S 25 Ultra from Samsung. If it's time to upgrade your phone, don't just do the same old thing. Get a true AI companion that's enhanced with the latest and greatest tech. The Galaxy S 25 Ultra evolves with you to handle multiple tasks with just one ask. For example, you can tell it to search for recipes and add it to your notes or find a restaurant nearby and text it to your friends. And it does. Which is so nice because when you cut down on time, toggling from app to app, you get more time back and you can use that time to actually cook that recipe or hang with your friends at that restaurant. And now brief with Galaxy AI gives you personalized daily briefings that keep you a step ahead. See your appointments, the weather, your energy score and more, all in one place. Get your Galaxy S 25 Ultra now@samsung.com. Compatible with select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check responses for accuracy. Now brief with Galaxy AI displays daily select information from select apps may require internet connection Galaxy AI features by Samsung free through 2025 and require Samsung account login.


We are supported by Tropical Smoothie Cafe Unwind and Refresh at Tropical Smoothie Cafe with freshly made smoothies and tropic bowls that instantly transport you to tropic time. One bite or one sip. And you'll instantly feel like your cabana side made with refreshing fruit and tropical flavors. Eating your fruit and veggies has never been this fun. We could make our own arm cherry tropic time smoothie and it could have cherries in it. Oh. Oh. It could taste like our favorite ice cream. A cherries in There. Yes. Yes. So we would, we would add cherries, maybe almond. Let's add some spinach in there For a little spring in your step. Yes. Add more good vibes to your smoothie with fresh add-ins like almond, spinach, kale, chia seeds, and ginger. Or even supplements like protein and energizer at Tropical Smoothie Cafe. It's always tropic time because you deserve a little vacay every day. Order ahead, take the scenic route and earn rewards with the Tropical Smoothie Cafe app. Download it today. Visit tropical smoothie cafe.com to find a cafe near you.


He's in object. Hi. Nice to meet you. Absolutely. Nice to meet you. Thanks for having me. Yes, of course. Did he warn you about my wrath In So many ways? Yeah. Yeah. He said, I don't know what you said. You were Like, can I come by? I got a special coming out and I said, oh my God, I'd love to have you, but I also want you to know you're gonna walk into some pushback and you said let's party.


Yeah. Which I appreciate. I Think that makes it better. Yeah, I do too. But don't go too soft on me. No, Don't you worry. Okay. What's the hardest, anyone's gone on you? Have you ever actually been in like a gotcha situation? Like Gotcha interview. I don't know what there is to get. You're Not hiding anything. Yeah. Your worst side is out in public. Probably I guess I can sleep at night. But also it's less maybe interviews, but more conversations where somebody will point something out and I'll just be like, oh, okay. I see why that's interpreted in that way. Right, Right, right. Yeah. So I'm over. You've never Like gone i's good full. Do you see this clash? I'd never talk about politics, but with Zelensky. Yes. This is Incredible. It's repeating. Wait, what? Zelensky joined JD Vance and Trump at a news conference and it is a screaming match Even before it start.


They're kind of roasting 'em for not wearing a suit. They're like, yeah, you can't wear a suit to the Oval Office. And then he's like, I'm in a war. You know, like I'm dealing with some shit. Time To do this. Trump's like, you don't have good cards. And he's like, I'm not playing cards. We're in a war. He is like, yeah, this is For real. This dude is in a war. I know it's a card battle. No, I think they thought that they were gonna announce the stop to it. I think they thought there was gonna be an agreement and that's why they had it. And then it became kind of combative Just to put all my cards on the table. Yeah. I'm rooting for the Ukraine. Like crazy. Yeah. From the second it started, they invaded you bullies. Let's go, let's help. That's where I stand. Then I read something yesterday where I was like, oh I think I see what's happening.


So Trump wants to be completely divorced of China. China has 74% of the rare earth minerals. Ukraine's got a ton of them. And Trump's like, Hey we've given you $300 billion, you pay us back in. Those we're free from China. And I was like, oh, maybe this whole thing is starting to make sense. And then I said this news conference. I'm like, I dunno if there's any game planned. Yeah. They're just gonna bring 'em there and fucking braw Be Well we can't ever be free of China. Right. They make shit. We buy shit. Everything in this room is probably from China. China. Yeah. And that's okay. Yeah, I agree. What's the problem? I think we should all be working together. This is a better world. What is it? Two countries with McDonald's have never gone to war. I mean Ukraine and Russia are fighting right now. And then surely they got McDonald's.


But the idea McDonald's is one that pulled out in the immediate But then they just put McDonald's. Yes, exactly. They don't have Coca-Cola. They have Coca-Cola, whatever it is. Still making the money. Isn't Fanta just Nazi Coke? Is it? Well, No it's orange. Is it bank Orange? But I think, I don't know if it was a Coca-Cola company. Oh God, you guys, you're right. Fact check. Yeah. We'll fact check By the way, that's not who you wanna be in a court case with Coca-Cola. Why is it that bad? Well, they got some deep pockets. They do have deep Pockets. Your pockets More that Nazi money. I think they Might sponsor this show. So, Oh shoot. I'm sorry. My bad. We love coke. It was Pepsi that what they that's it was Pepsi went out. That's right. I don't care if I found out terrible stuff about Coke. I will not stop drinking Diet Coke. Vacation is, is it trashy to do this?


Okay. I've got a Sprite and a nicotine. I were doing the nicotine bin in the pod when you came over. 'cause I didn't understand what it was. But we gotta feel something. All right. Anyway, so tell me, I wanna know all your things. I wanna know all your things. I Have a theory. Okay, sure. I, If you don't mind, I Would love to hear your Theory. I'd like to have the standard approach. We always do. Let's get to know Andrew as just A boy. Okay. Here's my thing. Knowing in the back of my head that there's a thing, it's going Make you uneasy. I don't Know if it's uneasy, but I'm almost just like, let's just get through what you think. Okay. Okay. And then we'll eventually get to, I just find this very powerful to hear someone's real story, to find out where are they coming from. I agree. I should probably trust you guys. You guys have done pretty well. This podcast podcasting thing I think. I think It's hearing about you and your background and your life is important.


All right, let's do it. Talk to me. Well First and most exciting is your mother is a bombshell. Thank you. And when I was on your show, we discussed, well I asked, she is a professional ballroom dancer. Ooh La la Three time us ballroom dance champion. Not A big, big deal. Okay. Three time The goat, who's the most winningest ever? Is there a woman with six or seven titles under? We don't talk about those women Under her and spell. We don't discuss those women at all. Those women are dead. Not in my family. Ginger Rogers and Sandra Cameron. Oh, those are the only female ball dancers we've talked about. Okay. So powerful Mom. Yes. From Scotland. Born and raised in Scotland. When did she come? Twenties, Young. Maybe like 20, 22, something like that. Oh my God. Okay. You thought 1920s. Yes.


Well also you paired with the old dancing. Dancing. And I was like how the fuck old your mom's 105. She's a slapper. No, they came over here when she was working for the Australian embassy and then like found some way to get over here through there In pursuit of dancing. Yeah. And then Andrew and his sweet father and mother had a ballroom dancing studio in lower Manhattan. So yeah, My mom had a ball dance studio. My dad used to work in the news business. He was producing stories for NBC and he did some cool stories. Like he did the first ever story on hip hop music for NBC. So In the eighties. Cool. Yeah. And he would go up and interview all these boxers. That's why I'm a boxing fan. My dad and I would just watch all these boxing fights. So there's like old footage from my dad shadow boxing with Muhammad Ali. Oh my God. Cool. And he was in Vietnam.


He was in the army during that time. But they wouldn't send him over Too tall. Too tall? No, because in the army he asked to go over, he was like, this is the war of my generation. I don't really know what's going on. I kind of know what people are telling me, what's going on, but I'd like to see it. Can I go over in any capacity? I don't wanna go shoot people. I'll take pictures, whatever you want. And then what they said is, everybody has a role in the army and then you have to stick to that role and we need you for whatever reason. This is back in the day. My dad's pretty old too. He is like 82. So he just walked into WBAL. This is Baltimore. This is where Oprah got her start. He asked him if he could be a Journalist. He charmed them. No, He had a horrible stutter. Wow. And he had to like work on it as an adult. That's charming though. People have a lot of compassion for someone with a stutter.


Well He worked on it first Perfecting the stutter. This is like King Steve making it great. Making him, it was strong, imperceptible when He spoke. But it was a time where you could like walk in and you could just put in an application to be an on air reporter. Yeah. Yeah. That's what he did. That's so he was on air first and then when he came up to New York, he was producing stories. So he wasn't on air. He was looking at cool stuff. And was that the business that supported everything? Was he successful enough? My mom was the breadwinner and then my dad left the business and then started running the business with my mom. And did you ever work there? Yeah. You Did? Did you dance? I can dance a little. Okay. My mom kind of had I dancer. Okay. Like so my mom, she didn't really pressure us 'cause she kind of had a stage mom.


So she was terrified of putting that pressure on us. But yeah, we learned the basics. You can be at a wedding and be the best person at the Wedding. I chop it up. I don't know about the best. I chop it up. The bar is so low. The bar is low. Especially for white dudes too. Yes. I can, if I can do run man and I crush. Yeah, But can you do any ethnic Shit? Hit me. What are the options? It's Also pop On. I like to do the Greek thing. That's fun. Yeah. I guess they're ethnic. Yeah, They're an the They're most off white. White. They're an ethnicity. Andrew, they're They are an ethnicity. So it begins. Well I don't have a problem with you saying white people are not an ethnicity. Yeah. Yeah. I'm fine with that. I don't think white is an ethnicity. Yeah, Well white's Not. Yeah, exactly. I agree. But Scottish is and yes, definitely the Greeks. They started it all.


Hellenic studies. Hellenic. So they say I think Africa really started it all. The RIF Valley started it all. Yep. But the Greeks boy they gave us a lot of stuff. Why do we just skip in Asia? Asia's involved big time. Yeah. They Gave us some stuff. You've got a real bon for Asia 'cause you want all our shit to be built in China and now you're coming back with their cultural contributions. I'm just saying We talk about the beginning of civilization and we kind of skip, especially religion. We skip what's happening over there in India, don't we? Oh Yeah. It's a big one. Well the Indu Valley also one of the very early civilizations. You did psych in college. I did Anthros. So I'm hip to what was happening in these different regions. Ooh. Great contributions. But western SIV starts in Greece. In Greece. Okay. Fair enough. Okay, good. What is Greece? What is it? Is It even a place?


It's Not really a place. It's a bunch of little cities. It's an idea. It's a bunch of little tribes that have now become a place. Yeah. Historically speaking. But back in the day they would never go I'm Greek. It was just the dominant culture. It was the dominant language. But there's nothing that unified these places. They're ready to go to war. They wore it a lot. Like is Alexander the great Greek or is he Macedonian? Both. He's one, he's Macedonian and then the Macedonians get no credit for whatever the fuck he did. Isn't that unfair? That's like saying is he an Angeleno or is he American? No, back because they weren't a unified country. That's fair. Italy's not even a unified country until 40 years ago. Back up Andrew. Yeah. No, zero to 800 Rome is entirely unified.


In fact they've unified all of Europe. The Roman Empire Zero to 800. Yeah. Yes. And then after that The Visigoths and and the Oog Goss come down from Gaul, which is Germany. But I didn't Say Rome Defeat. I Said Italy. Yes. Wonderful. It's changed names. No. Wow. I didn't see this. See You thought you guys were gonna baker. I didn't see this coming. Alright, moving on to the dance studio. What kind of jobs were you mopping? Were you talking to all these older women who were dancing? Yeah, I mean just hanging around when I was really young, I'd pretend to teach with my mom. She would just kind of have me in the class and I'd just kind of stand next to her while she was doing it. Some chime she would demonstrate with me. And that was really exciting. I got to show off my chacha right now in front of all these Adults. And probably everyone thought you were so cute. Probably This could be the birth of your confidence.


You Know what's interesting if I'm gonna reflect on that, I was aware at a young age of being cute. I remember my mom went to like Betsy Johnson or something, like try on clothing. And I remember she would come out and I would go like, oh my god mom, you look beautiful. And then all the people are helping. Were like, oh it's so sweet. And I was like, I just gotta say that. Yeah. And then they all think I'm the nicest kid ever. I was aware of it probably too young in age. You saw the math. Yeah. Of How to be liked. Yeah. I probably wanted them to like me as A boy, I am sure you're Not dying to here. Cute. But you are dying to hear some kind of approval and recognition you exist. Oh Absolutely. There definitely has always been that need. Scary to look at yourself like that sometimes. Well 'cause it feels narcissistic. No, it feels pathetic.


You're like, I just want to be liked. But that is what I do for a living. Like I go on stage. That's the human experience. Yes. That's not unique to performers. I agree. We need each other and we need that kind of connection. But I wonder if the reason why I can be like confrontational with my opinions. It's me dealing with this idea that I do want to be liked, but I don't want it to be just about that. It has to be something else. There has to be some barrier of entry. It's not as simple as, let me just pander to you guys. That to me feels unearned. Yep. Not real at All. I'm just like spitting. Right. I, I have no clue. I'm with you. 'cause I have a similar ism, which is I think I want to be liked, but I want be liked for being brave and unique. So it's not just I want general, you like me because anyone could get that.


I need a very special That's, we're on a different level of narcissism. It is like you can like me for how I want to be like. Exactly. Don't you Dare like me. 'cause I'm nice and kind. I feel You would like me 'cause I'm hot. But that's off the table. So then I think we always think of becoming attention seekers and approval junkies because we weren't getting enough. But also the opposite could be true. Which is you could get it and it's enjoyable. Becomes Addictive. It was awesome. I got so much attention. My dad was the best dad in the whole fucking world. There wasn't a day where he wouldn't play baseball. I would have to tell him not to come to comedy shows. To this day. He was to mention his, no short-term memory really. But if I asked him to come to every single comedy show that I was doing, it wouldn't even be an inconvenience. Right. It would just be such a knee jerk.


Like of course we'll be there. Until I had a kid. I don't think I understood that. I thought that what my dad did, and I don't wanna take anything away from it, but I never saw any of my friends' parents. Not to shit on them, but going to the games and supporting. Yeah, your dads in the eighties were not at any of these things. It Was a different time. He had a shitty dad. And I think that he dedicated his fatherhood experience to reversing that trend. He knocked it out the fucking park is what I was used to. And my boy Jamil was like, you do realize that your dad was the only dad at the basketball games. We played basketball for our high school. Now after having a daughter, there isn't a thing that I don't want to be, it's not like a burden to go to gymnastics. I love being a gymnastic. It's a privilege. It is. Seeing her just have the courage. Like just walk up to people and hand them something.


A book and she just walk up. She goes, you'll read this to me. Now she's not talking. But like, this is what I want. A little boss. You love it. 'cause those are the things you can't control in your child. Will you be courageous? Will you have confidence Again? Yeah, the genetics thing. The likable thing. Yeah. And how you got a lot of it and you were liked and you knew how to do it. It almost seems like that was so easy that now you wanna be liked despite you wanna fantastic be so unlikable. But people still like you. And that's the real proof of likability. And by the way, interesting. I think you've done that. Oh Wow. That's kind of cool. I know that might sound insulting, but you are extremely likable and so funny. But I'm like, what is going on?


Yeah. That we are going this far. And I do wonder if that's a piece of it. Are you still gonna like me? Even if I say this, this and this. I, it's so weird. The analysis is probably right. We're looking at this in terms of the yearning to be liked, which is an uncomfortable thing to even admit about yourself. Human. Yes. At your core, you wish that you were like, I'm an artist and I want to create my art and I want my art to be appreciated in this one thing. You Wanna take a position or I Wanna be absurdist or I want to be vulnerable, edgy. It's such a corny word now, but like I want to be a, I dunno what is it provocative? Yeah, yeah. But If you peel back that layer, there's something else there that's probably more on a show. Yes, I agree with you. But I'm curious about, okay. Yeah. I'm in an interesting position. Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because if this were a spectrum, I'm not with you and I'm not with Monica.


This Is like what you guys think I am politically, politically, Racially. You know all these things that are kind of out. Oh, the Words that I'll use. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I guess The provocative nature you're saying. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. And so I'm in an interesting position. 'cause this morning I'm like, I need to do both things. This is my best friend. If it gets dicey, you're going down. But hold on, hold on, hold on. Yeah, yeah. It's Not gonna Dicey. Get finish. This is just me mentally in my head. Yeah. Very relevant. He loves to defend. This Is good. This is a really relevant, very likable Piece To this that I don't think is examined much. If you are in the suburbs in a predominantly white school and you're using stereotypes and there's only five minorities there, that is a rough situation.


It's scary for those five. And it's dangerous. Now If you grew up and you are not the dominant group, you are among a very diverse group of kids. You playing on stereotypes isn't scary in those kids. And so I think what could be really dangerous for people to do is to apply the context you are in or that you're from to somebody else. And globally. And what I will defend about you is you grew up in the East Village, you went to these schools that it wasn't all white. No. Your friendship group, which I have observed is not white at all. Yeah. We got a few whites. You got a few Whites, we Got a couple whites in there. You know what I mean? You need it for diversity. Yeah. We got some deis. But I don't think it's terribly fair for the white suburban person with no friends of color whatsoever to be telling you how you should interact with your very multi-ethnic group of friends who are all consenting and enjoying it.


I don't think that's fair. I Agree with you a hundred percent. And I still have empathy for them. The white guy from Maine who works for like NPR, who is truly trying to make The world better. Yeah. And he's trying to protect these people that he doesn't really know exactly. And He might believe that they're under attack from these things that people are saying. And his knee jerk reaction is to do the right human thing, which is to protect these people. But his ignorance is creating an inability to understand a social dynamic that he hasn't lived. And there's ignorance that goes both ways. You could call me a lot of things, but when you talk about other cultures and that kind of stuff, I wouldn't say ignorant is one of them. What I'm always very proud of is nobody has a more diverse audience at their comedy shows than me.


The Thing that brought me to you is I saw a video of you in I think Taiwan, Russia, Taiwan. Oh no. Australia. The audience is super Asian. Oh Yeah. The front row with all the Taiwanese guys. And you're making jokes directly to them. Yeah. That are very funny. Very racial. It's not behind their back. There's no sense of Superiority. It's no fun if they're not there. I don't do the joke if they're not there. Everybody has this discomfort when they're there. It's actually more comfortable for everybody. Right. If they're Laughing, it gives you permission to laugh. It's true. But even if they weren't laughing, it doesn't feel like we're hiding some nefarious act. It feels like there's enough trust there to have fun in this moment with these people. Right. Which is what you do when you have close relationships with people from different cultures.


You eventually build up enough trust and you hopefully don't go for like low hanging fruit shit. Where not only do they laugh at the joke, what I've seen at my shows is they feel seen. If you can know nuance and specific things about a culture, I'm a white guy from New York, why do I sell out arenas in the Middle East? It's because I might say specific nuanced things about what's going on there. And they're like, what the fuck? The takeaway from that I hope is oh shit. He like took a second to talk to people and learn about some things that no outsider would really know about. Most of 'em are coming here to party and fuck some Russian prostitute. He's sitting down and finding out how we date and how we use airdrop pictures to hit on girls without them even knowing. And if the girl accepts it, that's how we can talk.


But we wanna avoid public humiliation so we won't walk up to a woman because culturally that might be shunt. I think that's the takeaway. And then I think what happens is the casual sees like a 32nd clip with the caption. This guy's a bad guy. They watch it with that context, which I get Well. And a lot of people are just watching things to police whether or not it falls into what they would do. Yeah. Well counterpoint, that's kind of my defensive view is I know what it's like to be in a poor neighborhood in Detroit, living in an apartment building where all my neighbors are everything and it's on. 'cause we all trust each other, we love each other and it's very fun for all of us. And I'm watching your special last night and I'm like, here's the truth. A ton of Latinas and Latinos are gonna be offended.


None will And a ton are gonna love it. This is where you gotta understand Latin culture. They don't care about those things. Right. Well no, I did have a personal experience with this that I'll share, but no, I think there are some Latinos living in a predominantly white suburb that are gonna see that and it's gonna be scary. Like What joke, Just hearing you do their accent. They're gonna think, oh, I'm gonna go, This is not a reality right now. Wait, gimme one second. Yeah, go, go, go, go. They're hearing that. They're going, fuck, I'm gonna go to school and every white dude's gonna think they can come up to me and do their Latino accent. That's a portion. You know I speak Spanish. Right. I Believe it. I'm not against you. I'm trying to point the two options. One is that I can definitely see how that's gonna happen.


Yeah. And then I can also see that tons of Latinos and Latinos are going to love it. Now my point is, it's okay if a ton love it and a ton don't like it. It's not being forced. Yeah. They're not showing it at school or before movies. Just don't watch that thing. Allow the people that like it to like it. People Are allowed to not like things. I think the big issue with comedy right now is this idea that people aren't allowed to be offended or aren't allowed to feel uncomfortable. You can react however you want to react to anything. Yeah. You're entitled to your reaction. If you find it funny, that's great. If you don't find it funny, that's also great. If you feel uncomfortable and offended by it, that's great. And on a person to person interaction, like if I'm saying something and I'm teasing you about being a cheerleader or whatever, and you go, Hey, that was like a really uncomfortable time in my life.


I don't want you to to tell me more cheerleading jokes. You know what I'll never do with you is another cheerleading joke. I will continue to tell cheerleading jokes Globally. Globally. Yeah. But to you. Yeah. Yeah. It's being an asshole essentially. I hear You. Look, I find this all extremely complicated because I Don't go anywhere. Doesn't Close Pants down. You made your point and now you're out. This Couch is comfortable But like, but terrible. There's something About it. It feels as if I should be comfortable. But my shirt is riding up. My pants are riding. Your Sins are bouncing. Hell, The hell is going on. It's Our second couch too. We cannot get it right. You're Doing great. No, everything per couch either. You're doing perfect. Okay, tell me, tell me about It. Okay, so I did grow up in suburban America, Duluth, Georgia, Southern.


And look, there's no Indian jokes in that show. You made It out all right. But I'm watching it like you watch the Golden Globes and you know Nikki Glaser's gonna do a joke about you. You and you're watching it. Like when's it gonna hit's, when's it gonna hit? And you know it doesn't come. But I do feel a lot of empathy. Okay, let's take it out of race. But the end of your special, which by the way, I thought your special was hilarious. I cried. Oh, thank You. At the Baby part. I did. Yeah, did. And I also have frozen my eggs. Oh wow. It was beautifully done. Thank you so much. And then at the end I was like, what? There's an entire piece at the very end about special needs. And your fans will probably be mad that I even said special needs. And I'm not gonna say you Don't feel comfortable saying Retarded.


I don't feel comfortable. That's fine. You don't have to say it. I can say it 'cause it's my embryos. Sure, Sure. If I have re embryo, you're embryo. Yeah. I can call 'em whatever I want. They're mine. This is my argument about molesting jokes. People yell me, I'm like, no, no. I Went through it. I can make a fucking Boy scout joke. Yes, yes. But You don't have a kid that is special needs God. Yeah, that's true. That is true. So My point is, If you're taking your daughter to school, which you will, and it'll be beautiful and wonderful and they're gonna be kids there that have special needs and their parents are gonna be there and they will probably have seen it. 'cause I'm sure it's gonna do amazingly well. Hopefully that'd be great if people watch it. Yeah, It'll And I just wonder, will you care?


Yeah. Will it bother you? Well, it depends how they feel about it. If they see it and they're like, Hey, that really like hurt me and made me feel really uncomfortable, then in that personal interaction I'll feel bad that somebody was hurt by it. A person. Right. But you won't be like, oh fuck, maybe I shouldn't do that again. I don't feel bad about people telling me to feel bad on behalf of people that we don't even know if they feel bad. I hear that. It's like Latinx. You're Apologizing to advocates a lot. I never apologize, but No, I'm just saying you feel like, who am I apologizing to? I'm not gonna apologize to some white guy from Maine who's like, we have to call Mexicans Latinx. And then I ask my Mexican friends and I'm like, yo, what's up with this Latinx? They're like, is that a movie? Like they have no clue what that they, they hate it.


It, yeah. 'cause they know it's white people projecting. It's pandering and Advocating for them and they didn't ask. Yeah. Yeah. Is white people going, look how good I am. Yeah. And you're using minorities. Yeah. To feel good about yourself. Don't use them. Why don't you have a conversation with them? Why don't you befriend them and see what they actually care about Instead of sitting in some like Ivy League institution and going, how can we get more pats on the back? I A hundred percent agree with you. Yeah. Now we can get into like a political, when I'm watching that and everyone's, when laughing, it is so clear. Yes. People want to be able to laugh at things that are funny. They do not like being told they can't laugh at it or that it's not funny when that's the age they know it's funny. They're feeling it. Yeah. And I get it.


And that's why we're here and that's why we have Trump. And I get it. We tried really hard to have democratic representation on the pod around the election. Mark Cuban was the only guy who came on Buttigieg, said he was gonna come on. Then he is like, I have to do debate prep, which I give him. And then we tried to get Waltz and then he got into his little saying he did things he didn't do What? What Did he do? Yeah, I don't even, He was like, I was at the Civil War. I was at the Battle of Gettysburg. We were like, no you weren't. And he was like, no, I was flying one of the planes during pearl harm. Like he just kept on saying shit that he didn't do. And then you just Can't Like a lot of people. Well yeah, I mean I think at this point they're all, Are you gonna defend him saying that he was in Tiananmen Square? No, I'm not. Are you gonna sit on the pod right now? I'm telling you, this is where the Dems lose.


No I You can't just be like, yo, that was dumb. It Was. But remember everyone else is lying too. Remember when Elon gave his heart out? Yeah, It was dumb. Exactly. And if the Republicans do the same shit the Democrats did for the last four years, where they go, oh you're exaggerating. What the hell is wrong with you? We're right back in the same fucking place. You did some goofy shit. Of course. Say you did it. There was goofy and we move on. But yous don't gaslight me. You are saying that on behalf of Republicans, the Republicans I know which are many from home, they are defending everything Trump does, which is insanity. But I'm not saying on behalf of Republicans, I'm saying on behalf of me, Andrew Schultz, this is my opinion. But You're saying the Dems, and I'm just saying in general, I think the're publican Republicans. Well, 'cause we were talking about Republicans and I'm saying Democrats, we tried to get a bunch of Dems on the pod and I think that they were a little bit hesitant.


I think you saw the Kamala interviews were a little bit more scripted. Definitely. And this is the burden of being the progressive party. You have to push for progress. We don't get here without progress. Keep in mind, I'm from an arts family in New York City. Exactly. Yes. I grew up Democrat, super liberal, my going CSB to the ballet. I think what happened is the party of progress has to keep seeking more progress as it should. The burden of the party of progress is alienating the groups that you're trying to create more equity opportunity and equal treatment. You can't really sit down on a pod and shoot the shit like you would without the cameras rolling. When in your mind you're going, fuck if I don't acknowledge these pronouns, then this group is gonna be upset. And if I could dissect a little bit more, the major criticism I would have.


And I think the thing is really difficult is I was a big Bernie guy. Despite maybe not agreeing with him on economic policy, I agreed that he wanted to help. I like people that wanna help. I might not agree with a OC on economic policy that Chick wants to help. Yeah. Big time. And that's why her district voted for her and Trump. So these are the things that we gotta key into. And people need help. You don't celebrate Luigi Manni shooting that guy If you don't need help. So for me, when I'm seeing that, I go, the Dems are kind of shackled to identity politics. 'cause they're afraid of making it what it really should be, which is a class war. Yeah. Which Bernie did and got all the support. He's like these billionaires, they're taking all your money. You guys need to get paid more. We need to make sure that these jobs are secure. We need to tax these motherfuckers so that money can trickle down to the rest of you.


And all of us saw that and we're like, who the fuck is this guy? This guy's awesome. I think they're people in the Democratic party that were like, Hey, those billionaires give us a lot of money. This is interesting parallel. We gotta get rid of this guy. So I think Bernie Sanders got a problem and they're called the Bernie Bros. And the Bernie Bros are sexist and they're bigoted and they're racist to me. They played the exact same handbook with the Manosphere pods. Oh, these guys are sexist and they're bigoted and they're racist. And it's just like, no, you're too scared to call out the real thing that Americans need help with, which is billion dollar corporations and these fucking trillionaire human beings that seemingly do not care about the working class people once they get back into working class.


How do we put money in their pockets? How do we make eggs cheap and stop worrying about the identity politics? I think Democrats see you later. If I can't afford eggs, I can't care about the bathrooms. I need eggs. My daughter eats so many the amount of eggs this girl eats Eating eggs, eggs, Eggs and blueberries is all they eat. If the Democrats said right now we're gonna make blueberries free and eggs free. I don't even say the word Republican again, in my life, If Democrats said eggs are gonna be free and blueberries are gonna be free, the Republicans aren't still going to push the identity politics side. I mean it's still gonna be there. The Democratic party is not gonna say, we actively don't care. We've already had this debate.


I wanna know If you and I agree. I think a lot of the left is viewing this under the lens that he won. And I think that's the wrong lens. The correct lens is we lost. We did not offer something appealing enough to vote for. Our side did not offer a platform that the majority of Americans wanted to vote for. Forget about him. People try To give the pods credit for Trump's win. Right, right, right. And I'd literally say we did nothing. Maybe what we did is made people feel more comfortable saying what they were gonna vote for out loud. Yeah. But they were almost A hundred percent. Remember when Biden won, it wasn't 'cause people were voting for Biden. It was a rejection of Trump and the temperature. It was just exhausting.


Everything was a fight. Every single day they're like, yo, we just need to return to normalcy. Exactly. They rejected him and then they rejected us. So now this election, in my opinion, yes, he's incredibly popular and they're people that love, love him. Without a doubt. I'm not undermining that support, but I think That's like 30% sure. It Is a small, This was a rejection of the institution in power and the Democrats were in power and it was a rejection of what people thought were the most important things to that party. Now there could have been way more important things, but if they're not communicated in a way where we can digest it well problem. That's what I wanna hear how I'm really asking, what is a good way to send that message? What message do you wanna send? Let's start there. Well, I think there's a huge dissonance between what the official party is.


Yeah. And what all the members of the party I talk to are Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by ring. You don't have to miss out on what's happening at home. With ring cameras and doorbells. You can see and speak to who's there from anywhere with ring's, battery, doorbell. Plus you can greet visitors, get notified about packages and see what's going on at your front door. And head to toe video lets you see more of what's happening up high and down low. Another great way to check in on home is rings pan tilt indoor cam. You can control the camera from your phone and pan around to see what your pets are getting up to. And with two-way talk, you can even say hi to them. Oh, that's so cute. If I get my dog, I'm definitely gonna talk to him with the pan tilt indoor cam I love. I have a Ring video doorbell and I really like it and it makes me feel very safe. Yeah, they're fantastic and they're so simple to install with Ring. You can check on Home from Anywhere. Learn more@ring.com.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is everything a credit card should be. It's easy to manage. Built to be secure and gives users up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. The best part about Apple Card is applying is quick and easy. Apply in the wallet app on iPhone and see your credit limit offer in minutes. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


We are supported by Quince. Quince is one of our favorite apparel brands with luxury fabrics and finishes at affordable prices. Everyone I know is obsessed with Quince. Comic Quince is amazing. I was gifted an incredible blanket from Quince, from Elizabeth and Andy. Oh wow. And it's so warm and soft and fuzzy and cute. Yeah. All their fabrics are so nice. You get the best of both worlds killer style at prices that don't break the bank. Quince has some great wardrobe staples all at prices that are way less than similar brands. We're talking 50 to 80% less. This is a gift givers like Paradise. Paradise, correct. Well that's because Quince partners directly with top factories. So they cut out the cost of the middleman and they also make sure the factories they partner with use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices so you can feel good about your purchase, indulge in affordable luxury. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


I hate to get back into the water again, but it's like I have only liberal friends. I'm surrounded by hundreds of them. Really? I've talked to, no, I have Republican friends, but I live in Los Angeles and I'm in show business. But I am talking with liberals nonstop. And when the topic of should trans women compete in the Olympics, none of them think that. Yeah. But that is the official message of the party. But is it That's not is No this this is where I have to push back. You tell me. I actually don't think it's, but I think that is what gets brought up all the time when there is debate. But that Right. So we see, But that right is so fueled by it. Why can't we stand up and go, we don't think that's a good idea either. No one's allowed to do That. So this is a good discussion.


I agree with you. Where I don't think that's the official platform or the party, but to what we were saying earlier, the fear of ostracizing a group, they will not remove themselves from it. And I think that what the Republicans have done really well is painted them with the most extreme beliefs of the party. And I think Democrats have done that well to Republicans too. I think this is a political process. Unfortunately the only problem is it seems like Americans are more comfortable with the most extreme version of Republicans right now than they are with the most extreme version of Democrats I know. Which I think is so interesting because the person running make up money was the most extreme version of the Republican party. Trump is.


Trump is. Yeah. And Biden come. They're not extremely far left. No, they're quite centris. But they just won't go out there and be like, there's not 67 genders. They won't go out there and say that trans women shouldn't compete. And also that trans discussion is even more nuanced. Like there's a thing that people don't say, which is should they compete against women? Women or whatever you wanna call women? No. Yeah. Cis women. Cis women. Yeah. No, but we can also say it sucks for them. That is so unfortunate that you're in that situation. Let's Make a category. I actually am supportive of their right to compete and I acknowledge that they're a woman. I want that right for them. Yeah. But not at the expense of 20 other people. I Agree. And I feel like a lot of times in the discourse, there's not even room on Twitter for the little bit of empathy in the middle.


So it seems so rigid and harsh and we're getting things in 180 characters or whatever the character limit is. There's room to be like, man, it sucks as that person. 'cause I do believe that there are trends with things. So I think that there are some young kids that are probably identifying as trans that might not actually be sure. Not only trans. I think that happens with a lot different Oh yeah, You're trying on some stuff And then there are people who are trans. Yep, exactly. And if, my guess is that competing in the Olympics is not even the top 100 of the things that those people care about. I agree. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They do not. Well we're talking about three or four athletes on the planet that are gonna want to do this. And Now they're the talking point of every show and they're just out here going, I'm just trying to be a barista at this thing.


And everybody who comes up wants to ask me if I, I should be a swimmer. And you're like, I don't give a fuck about swimming. That's the problem is I think the Republicans have used that as a Trojan horse. Effectively My issue is we're not fighting back. No you're not. We gave it To them on a silver platter. Don wanna wanna piss them off And no one on the left will stand up and Say you're playing prevent defense. And what you need is Americans inherently identify as brave and we like to take risk. Anything that looks risky is exciting for us. I actually think there's some biological component to that. Every one of our family members that came here we're the crazies. Yes. Yes. We're the people that left our Is 10 x of Japan. I love that. I wanna be happy. Happy. And then I'll deal with the sad set.


So knowing that, I think we wanna see some bravery in the Democratic party. I wanna see some congressman that goes, Hey, housing is a problem. I don't give a fuck about these developers. We're taking that land right there. We're building 10,000 affordable housing units that's happening this year. These developers are gonna try to say, oh, we've had that and we actually have a plan for this in the future. And we're like, nah, sorry. It is what it is. In the same way that Trump goes, we're taking Greenland, but make it about helping and class make it about money. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Stop making about these other issues. The majority of Americans don't really care about right now. Yeah. And a lot of them don't have the luxury of caring. It Is a privilege to care about other people's shit. A hundred percent.


Yeah. Agree. And to have a party that actively shames those people for not caring is not the way forward. But it is also the party that's trying to help those people. Maybe that just needs to be more explicit that we are the party that is gonna lower the price of eggs or slash the reason that they're expensive is because of bird F. I mean the price of eggs currently is $20 and you can't even find them. It obviously has nothing to do with politics that the eggs are expensive. Maybe they just need to fucking say that Subsidize them. We do With everything else we do with corn, we do it with cheese, we do it. Ed milk subsidize all these big companies. Yeah. Walmart. I'm paying half their fucking staff.


So somebody paid for my eggs. I'm just saying present the idea. Give me some hope. We like abundance Democrats, you gotta sell me on abundance. That's what Americans want. I want an abundance of eggs. Every American family eggs to get 48 eggs a week. But then what about with the stimulus checks? That's abundance. And then everyone was mad about that. Nah, nobody was mad about that. Who? You thought it was a bad idea. Idea? Yeah. Rich People. No, I didn't. Rich people are that I didn't mind it all people is, oh man, I wanna be on record. Biden Did stimulus. Checks. Checks. I Was not, I was the Trump sie. Oh God, listen. Was it not the Trump Stimulus? No. He kept those checks going and going. Trump Put his name on the check. So when the check first his name hit the lower income neighborhoods, they were like, oh, Trump gave me 1200.


Yes. Col Motherfucker started is as he took office. Right? So he had stimulus. Both parties did it. Biden kept it going for a long time. And then people were like, why is he still doing this? And he's using all the money. Rich people were worried about inflation because inflation affects rich people. I'm not saying more, but it affects the amount of buying power they have. So when they have 20 million in the bank and they're seeing inflation go up 25%, they're like, wait, I got 15 million. I lost $5 million. They're upset. Poor people. They just see another 1200 hit and they go, I'm rich. When the Republicans said with the Doge thing, which I think is being handled poorly, but they're like with the savings from Doge, we think that we'll give $5,000 back to every American. They're not gonna do that. But the second net hit the headline. People are like, doge is incredible.


That's Sad to me. Okay, you're not gonna get it. We're in the weeds on every single policy. Now I'm probably communicating this poorly. I'm acting as if I'm trying to justify policy. I'm not talking about policy, I'm talking about emotional reaction to stimulus. It's really important to understand how Americans emotionally react to the things that you're telling us. I think Democrats right now, it's like we know better. We'll take care of you. No, the Elitism is an issue on the left. Get Him out. I need working class A OC. I need that. There was this guy fucking controlling me. He's some Kennedy Nepo baby Jack Schlossberg. He's like JF K's grandson or something. And he is like talking all his shit. He got upset at me. 'cause I said, I didn't know a guy who identifies as a Democrat is over five nine, which was very hurtful because I think their insecurities, the perception is a lack of masculinity.


And I think that kind of hurt. I'm just busting balls with charlamagne on the pod. Charlamagne's five seven and he's a Democrat. Like I'm teasing my friend. Yeah. Is he five seven On a good day With lips With Lyft? Yeah. Yeah. But the point is the face of the party should not be like a fourth generation trust fund. Nepo baby who's never had a real job telling working class Americans. Yeah. No friends that weren't white and also rich. This can't be the Democrat party, But That is the face of the Republican party and it worked. It's a great point. Here's the difference, and this is what people do not like to acknowledge. Trump doesn't sound rich when he talks. He sounds poor. Yeah, I guess you're really right.


He Talks like he's from the neighborhood. They ask him today and what happens if Russia does not do the cease fire? She goes, what if? What if that happened? He goes, what if what? What if someone drops a bomb and it blows up on your head? No. That's how Frank from the neighborhood Would Answer a question. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So he communicates in a way that is super relatable to those people despite his life not being at all relatable. I often play out the scenario when I go on other podcasts and I know they're very right-leaning and I think they all think I'm super duper liberal. I Never thought that was your perspective. Well, It's not. It's not. I'm a centrist, I'm a pragmatist. Both sides have good ideas. Both sides have terrible ideas. Oh, for the listener.


I got a big Covert Win. I have imaginary debates on these podcasts that never happen. There are many policies on the right. I agree with, I don't have a boner for a guy who fucking grew up and got handed a billion dollars. Yeah. If I told you you're gonna love my friend Mike, dude, his fucking dad gave him a billion dollars and he doesn't pay the contractors that do his shit. If I describe that guy to you, you'd be like, this guy's a fucking asshole. Yeah. So I don't have a boner for that guy. I don't understand the boner for the guy. I think the assumption is the boner for him is that he's this real estate guru Boner. No, I don't think that's the boner. The boner is I'm so fucking sick of being told how I have to act and behave all the time.


And this guy is telling me no. I can say what I fucking wanna say and I'm not gonna disappear and get erased over it. Make me feel seen. Everybody wants to feel seen. They wanna feel heard. Yeah. Yeah. So I get it. I also acknowledge, talk about the elitism. It's like we made a very specific choice at a very specific time under Clinton where we said we're gonna have a brain economy. That was a good theory. Let's not rely on manufacturing. Let's get everyone smart. Let's be in finance, let's be in technology. We pivoted. We made a lot of policy decisions. NAFTA being one of them. Clinton Was the first Doge, he fired 300,000 government workers. But The result of which was, guess what? 20% of the population didn't go into the brain economy. All these young men, they didn't get a place in this new economy.


And we need to fucking acknowledge that. And that is part of this. They wouldn't even articulate what the elitism is. But it's that. That's great. You guys are all went to college and you're all making all this money and finance and tech and all this shit. There's no fucking jobs for me. There's no assembly line for me anymore. This party who made this decision completely abandoned 20% of the country, which is these young men. And that's a dangerous fucking group To Abandon disenfranchised. Yeah, I agree. So that's a big, big problem. So how do we look out for them? Well, That's what I'm saying. The left has to be about the left unions, manufacturing, the stuff that's always been part of the left. But I do think Hillary was like, we gotta retrain, this is an issue. There's so many people that don't have jobs, but those jobs aren't coming back.


There's Nobody less risk averse than Hillary. She might have been an incredible, I don't know because she didn't become president. But I'm telling you, just the emotional perception of her, it doesn't feel like there would be the change that people need. She Felt like status quo. Exactly. Yeah. And I think that that's what people were rejecting. I love Her. I do too. You love her. I think she is the most competent person that probably could ever had that job. She was an incredible secretary of state. She's been in every angle of this system and she's incredibly smart. And she is handled one of the most hard to handle human beings imaginable. Bill. Yes. As a husband. I think you're infantilizing Bill a Bit. Say more. She's handled him. You mean the fucking president? The guy who was able to do it. One of the greatest communicators in history.


The guy who was uber charismatic. Unbelievable. Very powerful. And she could work with that system. Yeah. And still exist and be equal. And that's a skillset. That is a skillset. It's not that easy to do. I don't know. Again, I don't know. I think a lot of women would've gotten run over by a guy like Bill, and that did not happen to her. She's an incredibly strong, determined smart. I'm not saying that she's not intelligent or determined. Obviously she's very ambitious. A hundred percent. You're Just saying she turned people off. Yeah. And I think it's important if we don't acknowledge that. No, She did. Obviously even like Me coming in here, there are things that I probably said that had turned you off or other people off. I can't be like, 'cause you guys are wrong.


I'm doing something that makes you feel that way. I mean, it's easy for me to chalk it up to, oh, a headline is positioned in this way. But at the same time, I either have to accept that I will have what I say, kind of manipulate to fit a narrative and people will think a certain way about me. And that's what I take and I get in bed with so that I can do comedy the way that I wanna do it. Not to make it about me. No, no. We No, you're, you're Our guest. I'm just giving an example of I have to live with that. For me, I think the best version of America is when we have two really awesome, competent people running. It's a really difficult choice. Yeah. Yeah. That I'm really excited for. But in order for us to do it, both sides have to listen to what the American people actually want. And we need a process that lets those people flourish.


Okay. Can we, Sorry, I have one more question. Go, go, go, go, go. Last Political thing, it's Not political. Are we a rush? I don't know how long you guys, no, but There's other things I want to get to other than your political leanings. Okay. This is more fun. It is fun, right? Because we're passionate about it. I think it's important for you to hear a perspective like mine because it forms your opinions more. You're like, oh wow. They don't see it like that. I love having conversations with people that I might disagree on something. Yeah. Because my opinions get sharper. I'm like, oh, I'm hitting this too bluntly and I'm ostracizing all these people. I would do that with the trans athlete thing. I didn't have space for how much it must suck to be a trans person and not having anywhere to go. And just acknowledging that makes my opinion way more digestible.


I use my wife. I don't even know that I use her that way, but I hit her with things and she goes, you have a really great point, but you need to soften it in this way. What you're saying is scary. You have to acknowledge you care about these people first. Yes. I mean, it circles back to exactly what you were just saying about how the Democrats need to position themselves. It's packaging. And you have to say, you care about this and this all the same thing. It's how to communicate effectively. But also do you worry because you seem like you want peace essentially. Of course, this is like Chappelle's thing where he heard the laugh when they were doing the sketch and he was like, oh, they don't get it. That laugh is filled with hatred. I gotta pivot. And I wonder, when you look at the crowd and they're laughing at a joke that is nuanced.


You are smart and you've thought it through. I dunno If I'm smart, but Yeah. Yeah. Well clearly you are. And it's nuanced. You're also handsome. Fuck dude. You better stop it. Do you ever worry I'm contributing to this silo? Because a lot of people do not understand nuance. I don't worry about it a single bit because I think that people have the responsibility for their own actions. So there're gonna be people that laugh at a joke 'cause they appreciate the nuance. It there're gonna be people that laugh at the joke because? Because they're fucking racist. Yeah, they might be racist. Yeah. Yeah. There Are no, you can't be a different person because of that. I defend stern that way, way for years. It's like a lot of people aren't in on his thing, but stern changed. But that's on them. He can't be a different person to cater to the dumbest person and worry about, he has to be who he is. He's because now you're not waiting For you.


He's nuanced. I Wanna create. For me, he Did evolve, I think because of that. But You're also allowed to evolve. That's the beautiful thing too, is I try to take time off in between every special or tour specifically so I can reflect on the change in my life. I don't have this special, I mean, if anybody's listening still right now, they probably think the special is making fun of Latinos. And it's, especially with my sperm not working and it'd be really difficult for my wife and I to get pregnant. And this story of this journey that led us to IVF. My point is you need to be able to reflect on what's going on in your life, at least for me creatively. But what I try to do is when I'm in creative mode, I don't listen to any criticism. I don't listen to any other comedians. I wanna create authentically as I can because that's the most pure version of who I am right now.


And then how the world interprets that is really up to what they care about. It's almost none of your business. It Kind of is. Selfishly, I want things to be successful. Of course I'm ambitious and competitive at the same time. If there's a cultural necessity for the thing that I'm talking about, it'll be really successful. If there isn't, it will be less successful. But it's the thing that matters to me right now. And if I start worrying about what all these different people are thinking, I won't do it authentically, pure. And I know my heart is good. I know I don't have hatred for people. And if I did, it wouldn't be funny. It would be angry. And I've written jokes that were angry and they don't work. It makes people feel uncomfortable. Especially if you've been on the opposite end of any of these jokes ever.


You can tell the difference between when there's hatred underneath it. Yeah. And when there's not. When I watched, I was texting my friend about this and I was like, there's no hatred there. I can really, really feel that There are other really popular standups that people love that I'm like, I think that innately we can sense it. 'cause I've even sensed it. You know there's times, there's comedians that do jokes about white people that are so funny. My introduction to comedy is Eddie Murphy, Def Comedy Jam, Kings of Comedy, so many white jokes. They're funny. We gotta be able to laugh at ourselves. We're so fucking dorky. Dude. The Phil Jackson walk that he's doing, he's doing the Scotty, Phil Jackson's the coach of the Yes. The Chicago. You know? Okay. That's pure sexism right there.


No, it's fine. It's fine. That was pure sexism. You should know that. We love the last stance. You don't know many other coaches. That's fair. Fair Enough. Okay. To me, I just never felt any like mouse or hatred. And then I have seen certain people that they make white jokes for example. And I'm like, oh wow. You really just don't like white people. Yeah. Yeah. And what is interesting about it is it's not as funny When they lock onto a truth that we all feel. But when you have hatred, I don't have that hatred. So I can't really connect to that. And maybe There's some love in it. Ideally, I'm pointing out really specific things. I've Observed you, I've seen you. I've paid attention, I'm interested in you. And I know this about you. Yeah. Like I love You. To me, there's something very complimentary. This is my Gift. I'm going to this show. You don't expect me to talk about you and the things in your local Community, your Armenian run.


When you are, you're in la shout out. I was like, you would think you lived in la. Correct. You would have to live in LA to know all of those tiny things. And the Armenians in the audience fucking loved it. Some online were upset and it was interesting to see some online. Were defending it. They were like, he was just doing this to all of us. Everybody got it. It's all good. And that's okay. The people upset can be upset about It. That's a good segue for me. So I understand fully how you're at peace. In fact, to go behind the curtain when I did your show, I just like you a ton respect, Feeling is mutual. And I've gotten some flack for liking you, right? Yep. Sure. You have some war with Kimmel, which is unfortunate. I'm like, why? Why Are I love Kimm? We love Kim. I love Jimmy. Love so much of him. Joey, we him.


But you guys had some battle, but let's not get bogged down in that one. Jimmy, I love you. 'cause Jimmy's close to Charlamagne too. And he's close to Matt. He was doing this back and forth with Aaron Rogers and I felt like he started with jokes and then Aaron had a joke. And then I think Jimmy got some real life circumstances that affected him. I think he got some death threats and that kind of shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's under attack. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well there's signs up around la, these wackos. There's A lot of crazy people out there. Then he made it not about jokes. I was like, yo, you opened the door with jokes. He responded with jokes and then you were like, what you're doing is dangerous. And Jimmy's always someone who I've looked at and admired. He has iconic TV shows, comedy history, edgy shit. That to me, I felt little let down. You clown this guy on national TV on one of the biggest shows, he clipped you back.


Okay. To me, I'm like, that doesn't seem fair. Like a Drake Kendrick thing, which also, Whoa. Yes. Hold on. This is one I'm leaning to. So yeah, you got the Kimmel thing. Yes. I'm like, ah. It's a bummer. I'm still gonna be out loud liking you Respectly. He doesn't think it's a betrayal. Don't Feel that way, Jimmy. About anybody. I hope you know that Jimmy is our favorite person. Everybody I've ever met says that he's the best. Obviously we haven't connected with one another, but please don't be upset. Maybe this will be the yellow brain. Yeah. Okay. So this is behind the scenes. So I do your show. It's great. Awesome. We hang out episode afterwards. It was so fun. Yeah. You guys were so, so nice to me. You're a great Storyteller. The pre battle of me getting called to snowflake, none of that happened. So then we walk off of your show and we're just hanging for a minute and then I go, man, you really lost Kristen.


I had Kristen on board. She was on the Andrew Shoals fucking train. And then this joke about abortion. You lost her. Yeah. It wasn't a good joke. It really was a good joke. Like you Can't lose Kristen. It was like a mathematical equation. It just Didn't feel good when they heard it. It Didn't have the silliness of a joke and it Smelled like slut shaming a little bit. Ooh, interesting. I could see that. I didn't mean it. I don't think you Did. That's something I'm learning. It's not worth explaining what you meant. 'cause what you said hurt people. I'm learning that with my wife. I can acknowledge that what I said hurt your feelings. If you later want to understand where I'm coming from, I'll give you that. Right. But you don't want me to explain away your feelings right now, right? Yes, exactly.


You just want me to acknowledge that something I said made you feel bad. I did it to my daughter this morning. I've been feeling terrible ever since. What happened? Well, I woke her up. If she ends up being late and rushed, it's a full meltdown. We can't get her to school at that point. Yeah. It's just so much. So I gotta get her up on time. I go to get her up on time. She's turning into a teenager. She turns 12 this month. And so I'm like, let's go baby. And she's like, no, she's slamming the door. And I open it back up. I go, you gotta get up. She slammed it again. I opened up, I'm leaving this door open, the light's gonna get you, you know? And then she later sent me an email from school saying, I'm so sorry. I was so mean. And I'm like, oh my God, don't worry. I love you baby. I'm sorry I was so abrupt and blah blah blah. I hope you know, I'm just trying to prevent you from having a really rough morning.


Sent it and all day. I'm like, just say sorry. Yeah. You don't need to explain. I didn't need to say. Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying to prevent that. But We wanna be heroes. We wanna be a good guy. I Just don't want ever think I have a bad intention That dude, this is Your life. Yeah. It's like I do something that might prick you. My intention is not to prick you. I'm concerned that you are gonna think I'm the type of person that wants to hurt you. Yes. Or prick you like with your daughter. And you're just like, I just need you to know that I just love you and I wanna protect you and I wanna care for you. And now we're explaining instead of just acknowledging the feelings, because you know what? They know we love them. Thank you. That's the lesson for me. We gotta Have more confidence and we have this insecurity, like every moment could change the way someone feels about Us.


Yes. You Mean in personal relationships? Yeah, yeah, yeah. When I mean hurt, I don't mean saying something really mean. I mean it could be looking at my phone when my wife's saying something really important. You're checking scores. Exactly. I'm like checking out and instead of being, well, what I was actually doing is work so I could provide for our family or some stupid shit. Yeah. She don't wanna know about that. Pay attention when she's talking or say, Hey, I gotta finish this thing. But I really wanna Hear. Okay, so anyways, I've understood all your scrapes and I've understood where you're coming from and I understand you've accepted. Yes. Some people are gonna be upset and I get all that. Should We say the thing that rubbed Chris in the wrong way? Yeah. Now I wanna I do it. It's not that bad. That's the reason why I think It's gonna go backwards. No, no. Okay, go ahead. Well People are gonna look for it anyway. Yeah, it'll It'll be funny but it's not funny.


But it's funny, the idea was like how many abortions is too many in the world? No. Like for a person, for one person. Oh, Oh, oh, oh. How many on the punch card if it goes to like 20? I think that there has to be like an intervention where it's like, alright, we gotta do something here. Now the idea is like the beginning of a joke. Making it silly is a joke. I don't think you anticipated what Kristen heard. What was that? Where's the guy in the scenario? So you're Oh Girl, her point was really good. Do we start, go, go, Go. Who's said 20? Well guess what? 20 motherfuckers knocked her up and they're not paying any price for it and they're not getting shamed and we don't have to punch their card or do anything for them. Dudes are getting off scot free. I would argue in that scenario it's not equivalent because it's 20 different dudes.


But if it was the same dude dude. But Presumably, see that's where I think you could have landed this whole thing. Yes. Yes. If one guy gets 20 girls pregnant, neuter that motherfucker, like we gotta do something. Right. But this is the artistry of a joke and I gave you like the lump of clay. Yeah. And it's like there might be something in there. You Remove all the pieces to make it David. It still is piece of marble. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. There's the perfect example of when there's a negative reaction. It's not like there's people are fucking annuities. I even commented in it. Oh it turns out that they're not getting these late term abort. Like I even have this caveat that I put in it later after I found the information. But it doesn't matter. People don't look at that. But that's the example of, I don't ever go snowflake.


The joke wasn't nuanced and sliced thin enough that even the most pro-choice person in the entire world who's like, yes, 20 abortions, a girl should have 40 abortions, would still laugh at Comedy's math and it's just figuring out the equation. But it's funny 'cause you are like, you can't offend Kristen. That's the one thing. I mean everyone has that. Everyone has their one thing that's like, well now you lost me. She's actually a pretty good barometer for me. Why I say her in particular. I find her to be someone who is incredibly progressive and left and has not let it affect her sense of humor. She's my favorite person on earth. But I have to say it, she's the most beautiful white privileged person.


She's all those things too. So she has the luxury to be able to laugh at fucking anything without being like, oh yeah, I remember when that was me. Isn't it great? Not for me. A White woman. I hate it. A white woman's Instagram. She's also really great at laughing at when she's getting burned. Like she gets burned a lot. Yeah. And she does very well with it. That's Confidence. She Doesn't like it when she personally gets burned. And that's the difference. And it's fair. No one likes getting personally burned, but when you are in a group that's small, they feel more personal than the overall, I just gotta say it. She loves getting blasted by Bateman. She loves getting blessed by Ryan. She do not like getting blasted by me. That's definitely true. Fair enough.


But all this to say, I have seen the decisions you've made and they've all pretty much made sense to me and I've not been scared for you. The first time I got scared for you. Truly. I like, should I call him? Yeah. Was Kendrick Lamar? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So just tell people what happened. So he put out an album and he had a line in it. He was like, don't ever let no white comedian talk about no black woman. That's law. First of all, how do you know that's about you? I got confirmation. Put it that way. I didn't respond for weeks. Okay. I had to shoot my special. I didn't really care. That wasn't even the thing that bothered me about the line. The next line is into the M words that Kon and the N words, that being groomed. Slide on both of them.


Do you guys know what that term slide means? No. So Slide is like assault or kill I'm thinking. And the world is thinking. He's talking about Charlemagne and Alex Media, the two black dudes that are on the show with me. Oh. So once you tell people to kill my friends, you get whatever I give you. Everybody's like, oh, such a victim and all this. He just said whatever. Yeah. He said a stupid thing to me. You're not gonna tell me who I can or can't make fun of, but you don't tell your fans to kill two of my friends or slide or assault or whatever it is. Even if it's not serious. You're putting that energy out there. So don't be surprised If you get some energy back, some heat. That's my feeling. Okay. So I watch your response. What's really funny is I have actually a friend reach out that go like, oh my God, have you seen this?


So it comes to me in his version of telephone where he explains what you did. I'm like, oh boy, What's his version? This is so funny how this works. I think he just read the reviews of what you Did. They made it racism so Bad. Yes. This term Buck breaking. Yes. Buck breaking. And I'm like, he said buck breaking so I now gotta go find this thing. So I go to your Instagram and I find it and I go, okay. A does not say buck breaking. It's pretty silly. I said, I'll make sweet love to him. Right. If they were in prison together, he would make sweet love. The Point I'm trying to make is like why are you talking to shit? Don't tell your fans to kill my friends. Like I think that's a pretty fair response. Sure, sure, sure. Hey, you say to your fans to kill my friends. I say, I'll make sweet love to you.


I saw it is as about as playful as a fuck you. I'll kick your assses could be done. That's That's all it's trying to be. Yeah. But now I'm really worried about you. 'cause I'm like, well he thinks that he's a rational person. Kendrick is a national treasure. Huge. He's a Pulitzer Prize. Huge. Incredibly talented. He couldn't, Oh my God. Be more talented or loved. And I'm going, bro, is this the fight you're gonna pick? We gotta pick our battles. Is this the one? No, you were fine. More Of that. Don't talk about my friends bro. My friends are more important to me than strangers. So it is what it is. Do you worry at all? Yeah, there's definitely concern because he's got some affiliation to some like real dudes. Of course. Minimally. Some real dudes love him. Yeah. Even if he is not affiliated, they could think they were doing a favor to someone they love.


And That's how it works. He doesn't want you to get hurt. Exactly. He doesn't say to the person, go do something. The way it works is the young dudes on the street do something hoping that it'll curry favor with the OGs. And then I heard whispers from a lot of different people and that kind of stuff, which sucks. You know? Don't ever want that. Right. Any of people who actually listen to it. My black friends who were getting death threats after the song came out before I ever said anything, they were like, oh yeah, this is fun. We're gonna have some fun. Okay, So that was one hot one. Now I wanna bring up a love connection. Ooh, go. I've been trying to get Monica to love you for a while now. Okay. A couple years. Would you say that's Not even true. We're gonna Win. Don't you feel like I'm always kind of like trying to pitch Andrew. The First time I heard of you, Dak sent me a thing and I was like, oh my God, this is so great.


And then I was like, oh, I'm gonna keep looking. And you were like, well be careful. What you be careful. I might need to curate. I might need to curate. Don't For you don't. If you just look at my standup, usually you're good. Yeah. Second, you start looking at podcasts. So I did that this morning and I was like, oh my God. 'cause the podcasts are clay and the standup is the statue. And that's something that we gotta grapple with just as comedians. Yeah. We're talking for two hours. We're gonna say some fucked up shit. Well Let's get to the love affair. So one of my favorite things, I saw your rant on Taylor Swift and I couldn't send it to Monica fast enough. I love her as I was watching it. I think I interrupted it to send it to Her. Oh, she's the Michael Jackson of our time. You were scream. No features.


No features. I think you were arguing whether Beyonce People were upset about that. I'm Sure. Yeah. Your right followers were probably No Beyonce fan. Beyonce. Beyonce. But I went to the show. I love Beyonce. I Love her. She's incredible. She's from another universe. Yeah, they Both are. But I went to this Taylor show with my wife at SoFi and I went in there going, what am I doing? It's a cool cultural moment obviously I gotta check it. And I left there going, this is the highest version of live performance. The best visual guy is working, the best light guy is working the best choreographer. It felt like I was watching the best of the best in each of their fields. And she's holding the attention of a hundred thousand people for for three Hours an impossibly long Time.


I'm a celebrator when I experience some shit, I can't not talk about it If it's fire, if I go to some hotel, that's amazing. I'm telling everybody I don't believe in gate keeping. I didn't get to go to these Fancys hotels as a kid. So if I'm going to like am on gear, I'm not sharing that with you on some like look at my experience. I'm going yo, figure out how to get here. Get some money and go here. This is incredible. These rich people are onto something. Right. And we need to infiltrate. Stay tuned for more armchair experts, If you dare.


We are supported by better help. Support systems are so important The most. Some would say. Yeah, I have a just a slew of people I rely on. Yeah, me too. Tom Hanson, I'm talking to you. In a society that glorifies hyper independence, it's easy to forget that we're all better when we have a support system behind us. Therapy can be a source of support for any area of your life. It's time to shift the focus from doing it all to knowing we're better when we ask for help. I have a very hard time asking for help. Yeah. Therapy's great. We all, I mean we can't really say it enough. We love it. Swear by it. Yeah. Look forward to it. The best part about Better Help is it's fully online, which helps make therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide, access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. And you can easily switch therapists anytime at no extra cost. Build your support system with better help. Visit Better help.com/dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help hlp.com/dax.


We are supported by Drunk Elephant. All my father would be so happy at the name Drunk Elephant. It's A great brand. Yeah. You may have already heard me talking about my new favorite facial moisturizer. The Proteiny Polypeptide Cream by Drunk Elephant. Oh, my skin is so silky. Silky but not shiny. Monica. I know. Not too oily. That's a huge thing in a moisturizer. Yeah. It's lightweight Gel cream, which delivers daily moisture with nine signal peptides. That means nine active ingredients to help skin look firmer and smoother by supporting the natural production of collagen. They work by communicating with your skin cells, encouraging them to produce more of the collagen Your skin needs to maintain a youthful appearance while also protecting against collagen loss. The result is stronger younger looking skin that's more resistant to aging. Who out there doesn't want that? Re-energize Your Skin with Drunk Elephant. Discover Proteiny Polypeptide Cream at Ulta Beauty stores and also@ulta.com.


We are supported by Prime Video. If you're looking for a way to streamline your streaming Prime video has got you covered on Prime video. You can add over a hundred subscriptions like Max Apple TV plus and Paramount plus all in one app. Experience the convenience of having all your favorite subscriptions in your prime video account with one login and one password. What a dream. Everyone's watching White Lotus right now on Max. We are, yeah. Yeah. We are so excited about this season and we just had Walton Goggins on the show. We're inordinately excited to see his character's journey in Thailand and then of course we're tuning into severance season two on Apple TV Plus with recent guest Adam Scott. Instead of toggling back and forth between different streaming platforms, you can watch both of these shows and so much more amazing content without ever leaving the prime video app. Unlock a world of movies, TV and sports, all in one app. Check out subscriptions on Prime video.


So when I saw that Taylor thing and then it's always fun to just rile up on brilliant idiots. There's that part of me, it's like a little antagonistic. I know Taylor who's on the show, she's not the biggest Taylor Swift fan. The girl Taylor is on. Brilliant Idiots. So I knew just saying how amazing it would Rile her up. Yeah, it's Oh it was so funny. And we were dying laughing at that. So shout out Taylor. Yeah. Okay. Life your news standup special. Yes. It's your second one on Netflix. I did a brand show on Netflix. It was back during the Pandemic show says America. But that was a little different than standup. It was more like monologue version of it. Okay. So right outta the gates. I hadn't noticed this prior to this, but you know, I've been in bed with Kutcher for 22 years. He gave me my start. Yeah.


You and Ashton have an extremely similar vibe. Do people ever tell you you look like him? Okay, here's the Kutcher story. I have two Kutcher stories. Oh great. So when I was younger I used to get that a lot. I was studying abroad in Spain during college I was in Barcelona and Dov who's sitting right there, it's my first friend in college is also currently my manager and partner now. Everybody's just part of the team. Literally the guy who does all our advertisements. My first friend in high school, the whole team is just the boys. You could Probably be three times bigger as a business. Way bigger. Yeah. But like so much less fun. Okay. He's studying abroad in Paris. We go to visit him in Paris and then the nightclubs in Paris. I guess he explains to me there's like an old woman at the front door and she decides who gets in.


Maybe it's not like that anymore. But at the time that was pretty much the case. And Doug can talk to anybody yesterday, the guy who directed Dune de Vnu. But the way that he talks to people, they think they know him. Oh right. So the guy's walking by the table and then Doug goes, ah, ou, whatever. And then he stops, walks over. He is like, oh ou, how are you? They've never met my, Doug is almost like doing the Rickles thing where he is like I'm having dinner. Yeah. Were you guys at Sunset Tower? Yes. Were you there last night? I Wasn't, but one of my best friends was. And she was like, I think I saw him There last night. Yes. A hundred percent Sightings. So when we got some directors so busy, we like directors. Okay. Anyway, we go up to this club and he goes, Hey Andrew, I just need you to just go over here.


Trust me, everything's gonna be fine. He goes, talks to the owner, they look at us and we go in, we're walking around and the owner is like staying with me and like really talking to me a lot. What's going on? What's your next project? And I go, I don't know, just hanging out in Barcelona for a little bit. This motherfucker told the owner that I was Ashton Kutcher and we got like 10 people into this hot Paris knife. Nice. And then this asshole leaves me with the owner without telling me. So the owner thinks Ashton's studding abroad in Barcelona for the semester. Oh my God. Go back. So yeah, there was maybe some similarity. You guys might be identical heights too. Maybe the very handsome. Okay. The show's wonderful. And as we already laid out a tiny bit, this special is solely about getting pregnant, having a baby.


How do you approach that? So I've never told stories and I've never been personal. I didn't think my life was very interesting. And then it was really difficult for us to get pregnant. It was the only thing I could think about. Like I couldn't think about any political, none of it really mattered. Yeah. Started talking about it on stage. The initial part was we weren't getting pregnant and I felt kind of misled. Maybe it's hard to get pregnant. Like my whole life I've been trying to not get women pregnant. What the hell's going on? As it progressed, my wife got more and more concerned about it being her fault. I have a joke in there. I don't wanna like repeat the joke, but it's like, I also thought it was her fault. Yeah. Because I didn't even know it could be our fault. And I'm with you, Kristen and I, when we decided to have a baby, she said, do you want to get your sperm count checked? And I go, why would I do that? I'm not assuming I have a problem. Yeah. Go look at the shower. And she Goes, how many times Did You fuck without a rubber and you've never gotten anyone pregnant?


And I was like, oh shit, We don't even think about that. No, we think we're playing like Russian roulette and we're just the luckiest human being on the planet. Yeah. So we went and got checked and then it turned out that her ovaries were perfect and that my sperm sucks. You were Told specifically it's a C plus? Yeah, a C plus. They were trying to be more, You know, it was a D, they upgraded a plus. It was the plus that now I look back is so condescending. They're like, this will make 'em feel better. And it did. Course A D, it's pretty much a P If you round up. If you round up my solid B. And also I have the same shitty sperm I tried in UCLA to I read that I could make money donating sperms I was rejected, was a student there. And I went in and I did the jerk off thing. And then they called and they're like, your sperm counts not high enough.


No. Yes. And I was like, oh Jesus. From taking tea or anything like that. No, this is just when I was like 21 years old. They want you to have a big sperm count at the Bank. Yeah, yeah. They're so prejudice. I was Probably A C. Yeah, we don't talk about that enough, Huh? No, I know. Poor you. They don't want, they Value you If you have an excessive amount of sperm. So once I found out it was me, this emotionally takes a big turn and I also feel a lot more comfortable talking about on stage. Oh Yeah, that makes sense. I Think one of the big issues for couples are struggling to get pregnant is the isolation in it. Because you don't know who the issue is and it's so painful for the woman especially. 'cause most of 'em think it's them. No guy ever thinks it's them.


Yeah. Yeah. Even when he told me it was me, I was like, like I'll just put your legs up or something. You know? Like I was like, wait, wait, what do we need here? It's gravity. And then I would start talking about on stage there would be these guys who would come up to me after shows and they'd be like, Hey man, I really like that. So that was pretty funny. And I was like, cool, thanks man. He goes, yeah, no, you should keep talking about that. It was good stuff. And that was like their way of going, Hey, I feel less alone now. I needed that. I didn't know that people were struggling to get pregnant. I didn't know how many women were freezing their eggs. I didn't know that this existed because it's so taboo and to a lot of people so embarrassing that they isolate, they don't share at all And they feel deficient. Their friends are all having the babies. They Don't know that their friends are also doing IVF.


Yeah, yeah. Right, right, right. What I learned through this, and maybe one of the most rewarding parts of it is when I was doing the tour, I'd start getting all these dms and to this day, like I screenshot all of 'em 'cause I didn't market the show as this. They think they're getting crazy standup that I've been doing. Normally They're gonna get the Latin accent. Exactly. Yeah. They come from the Latina, they come For the fucking, there we go, Ivy up. Basically what happens is they go, oh my God, I was actually going through this. It was really nice to see us laugh about it because it's been this really dark thing. And then I get a message months later with a picture of their baby and then certain people who are going through stuff and they had trouble and maybe they saw it and now they're like, yo, we want to try IVF because of the show. I did not expect it. I did not write it for that reason. It was the only thing on my mind. But the idea that it could de-stigmatize this thing and removing that stigma could give people the greatest thing they'll ever experienced in their life, which is having a kit by far.


There's nothing even comes close was really cool. Yeah, it's Beautiful. It's really special to get to receive that I think. Yeah. So you did an amazing promo with my boyfriend, the love of my life, The legend Taylor Plus Matt. I mean I did think, I was like, Matt likes Andrews, I qualify I guess. Anyway, you did lean in for that promo and I was like, oh wow, this is really great. And I do think a lot of people who might not follow you or know your stuff or think something about you will be drawn to it because of that. But then I was like, man, I wish he would do more of that because I think his audience is limitless. Yeah. But we do think of you in a very skill.


You're so fucking so skilled. Skilled. Yeah, exactly. I think that can be misleading for all humans, which is you have such a sharp skillset that really anything you bring that talent to bear on is gonna yield results. A hundred percent. And he could mislead everyone. We had Robert Sapolsky evolutionary Biologist. Yeah. He's the smartest person alive probably. And he's a determinist. And I'm like, great, you've made a great argument, but can you acknowledge, you could have turned that same brain on free will and made just as convincing of an argument. It's just like where do you wanna focus this hyper talent? Let me ask you if this observation rings true for you. Yeah, sure. In the last eight years, we've watched so many people become famous in the podcast space, whether it's huberman or name, the number of people.


And I'm not using Huberman as an example in this, but I've watched many of these people get led by their audience. Instead of them leading their audience, their audience will take 'em in a fucking rabbit hole. I've seen like eight people taking themselves out. It's happened to a lot where they started here and they literally went in the rabbit hole 'cause they just were responding to the most vitriolic response. Do you see that? I see that a lot. I think it's a really astute observation. A lot of people don't realize how much the algorithm really dictates your content. And this is why when I was saying earlier, like I try to block out everything when I'm in creator mode, even the algorithm, we'll put out episodes, I know how to make every episode go crazy. But then you're a grifter. It's important to me to put out episodes, talking about the things we wanna talk about with the people we're interested in.


And you would hope that your core fans will maybe share some appreciation of the people. But I understand it's gonna alienate some. And I think what happens a lot of times for people in our position is once you get some success with success, there's always scrutiny. That's the cost of success. Criticism is the cost. We have to pay it. But when you feel immense scrutiny, it is very easy to retreat towards protection. And protection is usually one ideology. If you're just the right guy, the right got your back, as long as you say all those things. If you're just the left guy, the left got your back. As long as you say, say those things, vacillating between the two is gonna piss both of them off. I feel like this is the road I've struck down, unfortunately.


Yes. Yeah. No, but that's how you maintain your authenticity. Yeah. And then the people that actually know you appreciate you as a person and not just a mouthpiece for one ideology, which I don't wanna be, I just wanna be me. And I'll say this too about who I think is so fucking funny. Shane Gillis. Shane Gillis Shane Is great man. So Shane so good. He's unbelievable. Good. That's the unfortunate thing of our current society is you're watching things, trying to pin them to a camp the whole time. It's like, whoa, where are they? Are they liberal or are they conservative? And what's fun about Shane is it's a hardcore conservative position. It's a hardcore left position. It's bouncing back and forth. And I personally love and cherish that. And you are bouncing back and forth in this special, you definitely have some moments I think. I think so.


This isn't funny. This is just another observation. So we went through the same thing. You're there, you're in labor forever, all of a sudden people rush in. The heart rate has crash and now you're having this emergency thing. Oh, did C csection. Oh Wow. Yeah, yeah, Yeah too. How scary is that shit? It is. Did you have this moment? This is so dark to say. And I would never make this decision now, but on the ride with her in a gurney and me walking next down the hallway in 15 doctors, all in a panic. I literally said, just keep Kristen alive. I don't give a fuck. Like I was so excited to have this baby. Yeah, yeah. That my God, is my wife in danger right now? Yeah. Yep. A hundred percent. I was just like, please keep her alive. And now I'd be like, take her. I'm gonna keep Lincoln and Delta take her. But you know What's funny is that Kristen would probably give her life a hundred times over that.


Yeah. She'd have me killed a thousand times. Save them a broken arm and I want her to. Yeah, that's funny. That's how it should be. Take him. But yeah, it's terrifying. I think birth is one of these opportunities where you get to see someone put 100% effort. It's very rare in life. You get to see a hundred percent effort. You get to see your partner do that and it's pretty awesome. 'cause we think we work hard. We're like, oh I work 12 days. And then you get to see your partner really fucking light it up. And Emma lost a lot of blood. Ooh. And this is like really beautiful. The baby latched and they told her, they're like, Hey listen, I know you're exhausted and you had lost a lot of blood. It would be really helpful for the baby If you can feed. I remember she stayed up, she fed the baby, the baby pulled off, they took the baby.


And she's like, is is she okay? Is she full? And they're like, yeah, she's full, she's fine. And she goes, okay. And then she just fell asleep, Died. But it was just like she gave yes everything. Does it make you admire her? Fuck yeah. And you go, oh this new thing. I care so much about hit the jackpot with this woman, with woman, With mom. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You just like, yeah. Yeah. Full of gratitude on the baby's behalf. And there's also a moment where you're like, If you ever fucking talk back to your mom. Yeah. I hope you talk back to your mom. I hope you do that shit in front of me. I hope you give her some attitude in Front of me. That's why I say to Monica all the time, like my dream in life is someone shoves her be. Were they getting shoved and bowling down just so I could React? Yeah. That's funny.


That's what you're hoping when you're walking. That's funny. Even you coming today, I am like, I wanna be bros with you for life to be honest. But if it goes down, it's going down and that's how it's gotta be. Sorry, it really didn't go down. I knew it wouldn't Go. It gonna go Crazy. I did too. It is good to enter thinking that I try to have people with different opinions on my podcast, but maybe it's important for me to go on others as well because then their audience is like, my audience knows that my thinking is diverse but the other audience might not. Yeah. So coming on a place like here, Maybe you get a well-rounded version. That's been my thing recently is like I don't need to go on another liberal podcast. Yeah. What I need to do is go on two bears. Yeah.


And go on Ideally Rogan and go. You can also be a masculine dude and cares a lot about people and wants to help them. You can do all those things. Yeah. You're not a pussy If you care. I adore you. I love you guys coming. Thank you. Coming. So glad this happened. This is a, I Really appreciate you guys doing this. Yeah. Oh My God. Yeah. All everybody watch life. It's fantastic. It's on now on Netflix. You have it. Watch it. Also listen to the Brilliant Idiots and Play grant. Go Listen to DAXs episode of Flag Grant If you haven't already. It's awesome. It Was very fun. You guys are so sweet. Nice. Thank you so much. He is an our care expert buddy. Makes mistakes all the time. Thank God Monica's here. She's gotta let him have the facts.


I'm working late 'cause I'm a singer. It's A good song. I think that's the cutest lyric I've ever heard. Yeah, it's a good one. It's alright. I'm working late because I'm a singer. She's Very cheeky. Oh my God. I'm so late to the party. But now I'm an enormous Sabrina Carpenter fan. It started with Bed Kem. Oh Do you know that song? Is it on the New Owl? Is it recently called? I'll play you one taste of it before we get flagged for copyright in infringement. Okay. But lemme see if I can give you a taste of it. Let's hear it. I dunno. This one, I don't think, I was driving with Delta to school today and we listened to it every morning and I said, you know the sign of a really, you know when a song's a fucking jam, a lot of times you're driving in cars and the song's good and it's a dance track and you're like maybe clicking your fingers and maybe you're dancing a little bit.


But if a song hits you can't resist Dancing with your shoulders. Mm. I was telling her, that's what you look for. Okay. That's the song. And so we were both in the car fucking, we were really getting our shoulders active this morning. It was a blast. Nice. It's really fun. Now it's now that I love her favorite artist. I know. It's fun for Her. Yeah, Of Course. Because now I'm on the Sabrina train. Yeah. And I'm like, what about this one? She's like, have you listened to Juno? And then I'm like, okay. I listen to Juno. It was, it was a little slower. She, I I was worried it was gonna be a little too slow for you. So we're really like, Okay. Like that. It's very fun. There's, you know, she gets sexy, Sabrina. Oh she Is. Is Oh, There's some real sexual stuff.


In fact. Funny. Juno is sexual. Well That's, I'm so glad you brought this up. I would've forgot to say this. So we're laying in bed last night and we're talking about Juno and you know, I'm like, I don't want to tell her it wasn't my favorite 'cause it's her favorite and, but I am not gonna lie to her. Right. So here we are. So we're working through it. She's like, yeah, I understand it's a little more this and that. And she goes, but do you know what Juno is? And I go, no. And she's like, well it's a movie. And I go, the movie Juno. Yes, I know. She goes, yeah. She said, I want you to make me Juno. 'cause it's a story about a girl who gets pregnant. Yeah. And I go, yeah. I go, Ooh, that's a little, that's a little nasty.


All I see. And she goes, what's nasty about wanting to have a baby with somebody? And I go, well it's a teenager. She's in high school. Yeah. And she goes, oh, she's in high school. So she she knew part of the geno story. Yeah. She just didn't know she was in high school. Oh, She thought it was romantic. Yes. And I, the way she phrased it was like, that's really sweet. Wait, what's nasty about wanting to have a baby with someone you love? And I was like, oh no, there's nothing nasty about that. I'm just saying I want to get pregnant in high school is kind of a nasty, fun lyric. Yeah. Nasty. And I'm, it is a positive, nasty, I'm saying. Yeah, Of course. I brought a list today. Okay. Okay. Do you wanna tell me something you wanna talk about before I get to the next thing I wanna talk about?


Yes. So I have a, I had another ear, ear situation. An Ear infection, Not a full infection. Swimmer's ear, Not swimmer's ear, unfortunately. David Swimmer's Ear. I wish. No, I, so I have three holes. Okay. And I, I don't really use the top one very much at all, but I found these earrings and, and it didn't look right in the second hole. So I moved them up to the third hole and I had to like really like work it in there. Shove it in, yeah. Re re re puncture it. Yeah. But I cleaned it. I did my best. And then it did start hurting pretty quickly, but I left it 'cause it looked so cute.


Mm. Some very similar story to last time. Yes. And I left it and I left it. And then that night I took it out and it was like really hard to get out. Like I think it had swollen sort of around it. So I yanked it out. Ooh. And then I cleaned it all up. It Had like fused to the metal. Yeah. And then I cleaned it up. But it was really painful and I couldn't like lay on, I couldn't lay, I had to back sleep. Isn't it weird that your upper ears are very prone to infection? They're sensitive. Yeah. It's very weird. The higher you get on my ear, I think they just can't handle it. It's just very infection prone. I don't say it was such a gross face.


Well it is, it's very, it's Not my fault. It's like a Cs I Prefer to call it sensitive. It's okay. It's sensitive anyways. So Particularly sensitive to infection. Yeah. Yeah. It's many sensitivities And yeah, it had like a big, like you could feel the big like node in there. Big lump of infection. Don't Make that face. Okay. Anyway, it's feeling a little bit back to normal, so, Okay. I'm glad you got it out of there. 'cause that's, that's an improvement. The Big question is, am I allowed to do it again? I Think it's a wrap on your upper ears. Really. I mean, repeat the same thing, expect a different result. It's like two for two Or, but it's like, maybe it just needs a couple times before it can acclimate.


I mean do, it's your body, your decision. So, but I, I think we stay away from there. Okay. Bit me twice. Shame on me. You're at the shame on me part first time was shame on your ear. Sure. And now shame on you. Yeah. Well, we'll see. Yeah. Now this one I flagged. I I did flag it with you in mind. I I thought this would interest you even if the topic doesn't because of where the money comes from. Okay. I read this headline. Oh, yesterday or the day before. Unmarried air MA's air. That's hard to say. I Know this story. Leaving $11 billion to former gardener.


I know he's gonna adopt the gardener. Wow. So that he can pass it on This. There'll have to be a movie about this. Right. Of course. Of course. It's Not like he got left a million dollars like you got left. You're in the top 200 richest people in the world kind of money. It's so sweet. Although there is some little bit of it having to do with, he doesn't want control of his portion to go to certain people. I think. Yeah. I think it's also a strategic move, but a extremely generous strategic move. And If I'm the gardener, I don't really give a shit what your motivation is. Of course not. Course not. You gimme that $11 billion. I know.


Can you imagine waking up one, you went to bed. Yeah. You had like $3,000 in the bank. Yeah. And the next morning you have $11 billion. God, I mean of course like the, a pessimistic version of this. Okay. Is that they were in love. I mean that's a weird thing to say. It's like Cynical I guess. It's like they're in love. So, so that's why this is happening. But but like the better story could be Unacquainted love Maybe. Ooh god. Okay. If someone was in love with me Yeah. And I wasn't in love with them and I made that clear, but they could not stop. Right.


Persist Pursuing. Yeah. And then they died and left You $11 billion and left me $11 billion. Would I Love them posthumously? No. Would I feel like I can't accept That? No. Because you had been honest. Yes. If you let them on and married them as they had gotten their cancer prognosis. Yeah. You're pretty shady Then. You're shitty. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. But also it's sad. It's like he, he just loved me so much That even If you didn't like him, he still wanted you to be happy. That's true Love. You should have loved him back.


I know. I'm re I regret this. You should. I really regret not loving him back. Okay. I wanna know more about the gardener. Yeah, Me too. And I want know 'cause it's in Italy or something. Where are they? Somewhere? France probably. Okay. Is that where amazing is? Yeah. Okay. That makes more sense then. Okay. Probably not Croatian. I Mean we don't know where they are. They're billionaires. They could be anywhere. The Sky's the limit. They could be the sky. Their money knows no body. They could be living open the sky in Elysium. Yeah. He's older. I think the gardener's 50. Oh, oh Jesus. My age. Yeah. I guess he Can totally still, still enjoy it. Yes. Exactly. And so I have such a disconnect when reading someone's 50.


Yeah. That does not sound like my age. Right. It doesn't sound it 50. It doesn't sound like your age to me either. I Think I'm just coming to terms is in the very second. Wow. Yeah. That It's 50. It's really 50. It's not 40, but 50 Is the new like it, it's the new 40 fives. Like I think of you 45. We can't do better than that. No. Okay. Like I'm being realistic. Okay. I think of you as 45. Okay. Kind of perpetually per, yeah. Okay. I'll try to live up to that. I'm certainly trying my hardest to Live up to it. Yeah. I think, I don't mean you look 45 I or like, I Mean I definitely look 50 is what you No God, what a trap.


No, I'm just saying you'll live at that age for me forever. Right. It's gonna be hard for me when I turn 45. 'cause I'm gonna be like, What about when you turn 50 and you're five years older than me? Yeah. It's gonna get confusing. It's gonna get messy. Yeah. Okay. We might have to update TBD when I turn 60. Might bump me up to 50. Okay. What is your age in your head currently? 40. 40? Yeah. Yeah. I think I'm 40. Yeah. Pretty sure I'm 40. You might wanna go check and see if you're 40 50. Yeah. That's a real number. I know. Oh my God. This is really just hitting me.


Wow. Yeah. 'cause when I read the gardener was 50, I was like holy gave a guy that's almost dead a blow. I wish he would've given it to to him. That's what he was. 30. That's, You can't, no, He's so much. But now I realize he's just my age. He's just a guy. He is a little boy my age. Yeah. Oh wow. Yeah. 50. It's here. I feel like I am 32. Yeah. I can sign off on that. I feel 32. So We're both deducting five years I guess. Yeah. No, you're deducting. 10 45. You said? I was 45. Yeah. But You said You were. Oh yeah, I think I'm 40. Oh, not 45 is old. Older than I am.


Tell you this much. Oh wait, let me look up the, the Hermes gardener. Yeah. Whenever he is doing any press, now that he is a 11 billionaire, I hope he disperses some of the money to other people. Like I hope this is a cascade of people getting called and going like, Hey, guess what? You have a hundred million dollars. Guess what you, 'cause he could give 110 people a hundred million dollars. But I think part of it is now that guy will own, oh he's got like percentage of Hermes. Okay. So really to keep. So really it's not cash, it's it's value in the Company. Oh, that's a good, okay. It says Nicholas puke. Oh boy.


P-E-U-C-H-P-U-P. Peu. A fifth generation heir to the Hermes fortune. Reportedly plans to adopt his former gardener and handyman. A 51-year-old man from a modest Moroccan family and bequeath him a substantial portion of his estimated 12 billion, $13 billion fortune. He says he's reclusive and childless. 80. He's 80. He owns approximately 5.7% of Aires shares. Mm. Okay. What of this guy's first line of work is to introduce a line of Aires clothing for gardeners, specifically like patches in the knees.


Well, That's Actually cute. Yeah, that would be cute. It could take this. He might be worth 30 billion after he implements. Q Has a strained relationship with his family. You Can't call him that. What's his first name? Puch has a strained relationship with his family and initially had plans to leave his fortune to the i Socrates Foundation, a charity he founded. However, he reportedly reversed those plans possibly due to disagreements with his family and is now in the process of arranging his estate to pass on his wealth to his former employee. Former, not even his current Gardener that I know. It's his old gardener. Oh Wow. Yeah. God, these bags are nice. No one's gotten an interview with the gardener.


What's The gardener's name? They haven't, I'm not seeing Any. That's probably best. Yeah, they'll kill. Well just like it's not a good idea when people, I've watched some docs on lottery winners. There's a lot of fascinating stuff about lottery winners. One is they file bankruptcy or a really high rate. Yeah. Which is sad. Yeah. But also the amount of people that come out of the woodwork Oh yeah. Looking for money. And I guess it kind of makes sense, like if you're asking for somebody for the money they earned. Yes. I think it's a different threshold than like, Hey, you found out your friend found $50 million in his backyard, which is basically what LA lottery winning the lottery is. Yep. Like, well he didn't, you know. Yeah. Maybe he'd be easy.


Easy come, easy go with it. 'cause he, he just found it. And so you feel like If you someone passes it down, you feel more of a responsibility to that person maybe. Well I just think if they said his name out loud people, everyone that knows him like, but you get given $11 billion, gimme some. Oh. Whereas if he built some business for 40 years, they wouldn't be like, gimme some of your business. It is Really funny. People really feel like, like it's tough. Give me some is a real Gimme some Is like a real thought in a lot of people's heads. Yeah. If you have so much money and you should give me some For free. I certainly never felt that way. Like there was a period where, you know, my mom and my brother were partners and they both made a very good living in Michigan and I was quite broke in California and I never felt like they should give me some money.


Yeah. But sometimes when we're with Bill Gates, I do think, yeah. Why does he just give me a billion dollars to be funny? No, that's not, Isn't that funny? I Don't think that funny. It's fun for me. It's Funny for, it's fun for you. It's fun for me and funny for him. I don't think It's funny for anyone else. So I do think that when I'm around someone who's got like hundreds of billions of dollars, yeah. I do think, well you could give me a dollar. That's basically, you've got $200 and you, I'm gimme a dollar for fun. I Guess then it's true. Like obviously the more somebody has the more like, it's like Yeah Bill, Maybe you wouldn't miss it. Can you just gimme a million actually? Like Yeah. Like that's nothing for him. Can I just have a million Just 'cause it's funny because you're like, oh my God, you know, the last time I saw Dax, I gave him $16 million.


Just like out of nowhere. He wasn't even expecting it. Just, This is my best joke I gave dad. Yes. It's a great joke Bill. Okay. But I guess that's how everyone feels. That's right. So yeah, if, if anyone has a million dollars and they have $20,000, of course they're gonna be like, gi give me 50,000 of your dollars please. That's right. It's too much free it. Can I get you? Yeah, I guess I get it all. I get it. So everyone sh can say give me some. I guess it's all allowed. That's What you're, That we should put that On the news show izing everyone in your life. Oh, on the topic of, give me some, which my tattoo artist has started saying, gimme money to show your arm.


Oh, Okay. I did sit for seven hours. Yeah. And have everything I, I think that we gotta put an end to that story. 'cause I didn't list the arm cherries. You wanna Close the gap. You wanna know close The Door. No, they call it close the Loop. Close the loop. Right. So it happened, I sat for seven hours and this great guy, Markie that is a tattoo artist in, in Illinois that Robbie knows. Yes. Rob. Robbie Rob. Yep. I wonder if he likes Robbie. I say Robbie a lot i's Just so confused. Well, Bobby's confusing for me 'cause I have my own Robbie, you have Your own one. I do too. A little bit. Yeah. I have your Robbie. Oh, exactly.


So, so The man who's giving everyone epilepsy. So Rob Robb is, He's giving everyone epilepsy, But there's no other, there's other Robbie, but there's no other Wbi Wob. There is no other Wbi Wob. But it was his dude. Wonderful guy. And yeah, everything has been altered enough that now I can be in a commercial in a short sleeve shirt. That's exciting. So very happy. And I got my limb back. Yeah. Yeah. That's exciting. And me and my best friend Aaron Weakley got matching J two C tattoos. Yes. Yeah. Do you wanna show to the camera? Can you see it? I can't really see it, which is a bummer. I see.


What do you mean? Well, Well I would like to be able to see it. Yeah. You can't see it 'cause you put it on your neck. Yeah. Then I can't see the back of my neck. Correct. I just, I just found out. Oh, I would've assumed I could see it. I didn't realize I can't see the back of my neck. Yeah. So it's kind of behind your ear. Yeah. And I move my ear in the mirror and that doesn't help me. So I don't really know. I'm not sure what it looks like, but it looks great. Okay. Its there. It says J two C. Wait, Not anyone to reminding January 2nd Capricorn Is yours Black. Both of us are the same. The J and the C are blue and the two is red. I need to Look Closer. Okay. Get a little closer With air it extra dry.


And that's what I want. I want people to really get into my neck to look at this thing. Oh. Because I want to invite a vampire to bite me so that I can live forever. Oh, you ever wanna live for? Oh my God. No. Well, not like that. I don't wanna live like a vampire. So many people say they don't wanna live forever. Yeah. It's just very common. I think it's the most popular answer to that. Do You? I think the most popular answer is they do, but then once you start thinking about it, you think No, Everyone I talk to says no. They all go like, I don't wanna live forever. But what I don't think is realistic about that is like, what day do they think they're gonna wake up and go like, yeah, I wanna die today. So when you think about it that way, the aa wait one day at a time.


I think one day at a time you would live forever. You're just not gonna wake up and be like, okay. Yeah. Ride's over. Well I, I think the old, the older you get way older than 50, way older, 250. You're un uncom. You get uncomfortable. Like life starts. You In this scenario where you can live to two 50. I'm living as I am today. They've 40, they completely arrest my aging. 40. Yeah. I'll be 40 for the next 210 Years. Yeah. I see what you mean. I think you might get bored tired of this. I really do. I guess what I'm saying is you'd have to be suicidal one day. You'd have to wake up and go, I don't wanna live anymore. Yeah.


Right. And I don't think people do that part of the equation. It's like, well what day do you think you're gonna wake up and be suicidal? I don't think it would be the same as being suicidal in a real regular life. Right. Because you have such a limited amount of time in a regular life. And so to cut that short is obviously caused by Depression. You have an expectation and it's, Yeah. But if you're, you've been on earth for 250 years. Yeah. I don't know that I would say it's suicidal to say like, you know, I think I, I think I did it. I'm done. As it as the same way that like an 85 or 90-year-old. Sometimes I, I think they feel like, well I'm depending, but I, I do think some people are like, I lived my life.


Yeah. And I'm done now. But I do think most of those people, their quality of life's gone down quite a bit. They don't, they can't go out and do things and they can't, you know, there's loneliness and isolation and body pains and Yeah. That's true. Incontinence. Don't forget incontinence. Like, If you were peeing your pants three times a day, you'd be like, I'm fucking done. Yeah. I'm sick of cleaning my, Well, somebody else would be cleaning it. You know? So you'd like, you were the one that wanted, I think a lot of people are pee wore diapers and peeing the bed. Yeah. Yeah. I It Sounds great. You already want that last night. Yeah. I would've loved to have been wearing a diaper. See, Yeah. That's not gonna, it's not gonna slow you down. I don't know. I guess it's just, we won't know until we try it.


Yeah. But my gut is I will, I will be ready to be done by then. I really do. I always wonder if that's a sign of depression. That should be on like a first questionnaire Maybe. Do You feel like you're gonna be done soon? You go Yeah. Yeah. Ironically, I'm not scared of dying. Me neither. I mean, I'm scared of everyone else dying. And that's part of it. If you live 250 years, the amount of loss you are gonna have accumulated is a lot. It's a lot. But you'll be making new friends and having more children and having more lives. No, I, No, you have to just think, what If you could live a whole other life in France and then a whole other life in China?


Like Yeah. There's so many corners of the world. Yeah. To keep things interesting. And then after like 800 years, you're, I gotta move back to Milford, Michigan. Try that out again. Hmm. Hope it's still there. It'll Be not what you Remember by the skyscrapers and flying cars. Yeah. Yeah. I dunno though. It's like, are we just, I think our lives are supposed to have an end. I don't know that. Well, clearly they are. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Yeah. And so I, I think if we monkey around with that, that's The part I think is interesting. Yeah. People think like you're going against nature. What you're really saying is you're going against God. There's something deep that people think you're, you're playing God If you live forever.


I don't think that, 'cause I don't believe that. Like, but I, It's the moral than founding. You're like, you know, it's greedy and too much to ask to live forever. There's something about it. Like there's some moral imperative that feels like being violated by living forever. I think there's something very poetic about a life. We've been forced to view it that way though. 'cause it is, that is what it is. I think we have no choice but to see it as poetic. But I, I don't know. I think wisdom is real. And I think wisdom obviously comes with experience, but it also comes with knowing that the end is coming closer. So I don't know if we are living forever, if anyone really ends up acquiring Wisdom.


Like the feeling that you talk about when you talk about like your kids. That's a feeling that I think a lot of older people feel about life in general. They just see the preciousness of the whole picture. Yeah. And humanity and people. And I think that's a really beautiful thing. I, and I think you earn that by getting towards the end. Towards the end. I really do. Where you start cherishing everything. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe think how much wisdom you could have though after 400 years. I don't think you would, I even feel this aging myself is like, you'd have seen so many market collapses. Yeah. Social upheaval that you would go like Yeah.


And it'll pass. Yeah. You know, kinda like, kind of like emotions Yeah. In your body. Oh yeah. And I've gotten to that. Like, I've just seen like, you know, 2008, you're a monster If you drive an SUV. The SUV market collapses. Yeah. And then all I look up one day and it's like, oh, everyone's driving a crossover. An SUV and everyone just kind of forgot about that thing. Right. And just these cycles of like, everyone decided everything is just, this is so terrible and we're done with this. And then I watch it come right back up. Yeah. For me it's helpful. 'cause I'll watch the current craze of like, what is gonna go away? And I'll just go like, yeah, maybe. Well, I don't know. We'll see how this, Yeah. The, my friend Sally, she has this guy in her building.


He's older I think maybe like 90, like during the election time he was like, it's four years. Right. Yeah. And, and I think some of that, you're seeing some of that in me. Yeah. But you're in our current Thing. But you are only 40. I don't think you get to say that. I haven't Earned that. Right. In The way that the 90-year-old gets to. Yeah. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, you know, to check that you brought your towel first before diving into a swimming pool. Or like, you know, to check that you have the tickets in your wallet first before you drive two hours to the big game. And they won't let you in. Like, you know, to check your trunk for reusable shopping bags first before you get to the grocery store checkout line and need to buy paper bags again. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates. Northbrook, Illinois.


Alright. Okay. Well this is for Andrew. Andrew Schultz. Andrew Schultz. Yes. Some feedback just came in for, 'cause it's on the week early. It's on Wondery Plus already. Yeah. And already I read a couple people say like, oh my god, what a fucking incredible episode. So that was good. Good. That's great. Yeah. It was, it was good to have him and talk some stuff out. Okay. Russia, McDonald's. Oh yeah. They did sell, sell it to a local buyer, McDonald's at during the war They sold it. Well they left Russia. They Left Russia. Yeah. And then those buildings just got taken over by some other company.


Right. But still in the food, Still a McDonald's. Yeah. But now, what's the name now? It's called VV Vladimir Putin's Hamburger House. Exactly. Putin's Patty, Mel House. Putin's patties. Putin's Patties. I go, wow. Kuno Toka. It translates to Tasty. And that's it. Tasty. And that's it is the title that Feels very Russian. My stereotypicals, like I know. It's so bleak. Yeah. This is what I said, like, you know my, the story of my Russian stone person, my first house, whatever that is, 20 years ago.


And I was redoing the bathroom and the contractor had brought the stone person that was gonna put in all the, the stone in the bathroom. Oh, okay. But he hadn't said anything. And the contractor was like, do you want a steam shower? Do you want this? Do you want, there's so many options. Right? Yeah. And at a certain point I said, sometimes I just wish I was doing this fucking bathroom in Russia. It's like, you want to take shit? Yes. No, you want to wash face. So I do my rush in thing and there's no laughing. Oh. And I say, are you rushing to the guy there? And he's like, yes. But it is funny. Oh God. Everyone else laughed. Okay. Oh wow. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So tasting.


That's it. Tasty. And that's it. If you don't like Tasty, then fucking keep it moving. Yep. Okay. Now fan is Fanta Nazi Coke. Fanta owned by Coca-Cola. Coca-Cola company. Fanta was introduced in 1940. And is the second oldest brand owned by Coca-Cola Introduced in Germany? Correct. During World War ii due to ingredient shortages. Okay. So it was created there in Germany. Land Deut. That's right. In World War ii. Okay. So, so ellipses. We'll leave it at that. I always find this so interesting. Yeah. I bring it up kind of too often.


But Adi Aidas and Puma were brothers. Really? Yes. They own a shoe company together. I didn't know That. And at the outbreak of World War ii, one was a sympathizer and one was not. And the company split up over It. Really? So Puma is the non Nazi One. I'm not gonna say anything out loud yet. Well, yeah. We already know about Adidas and their Adidas. Yeah, that is, that was his name, right? That was his name. I think that was their last name. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Ah, the Nazi got the last name, then the other one had to go with Puma. Pretty cool. Hey, I like Pumas.


I mean, everyone likes Pumas, but like you get to, and when it's your last name, it's a blank slate and you get to like really make that a brand. When you, when it's Puma, you already have an idea of what a puma is. The logo has to be a Puma. Yeah. Yeah. Gotta be a mid-size fuck Mountain cat. Okay. Donny Burns is the Scottish ballroom dancer who has won many titles and holds a Guinness World record. I was looking up most winning his ballroom dancer. How many is he won? Well, he is won 14 time world professional Latin champion, 11 time international Latin American dance champion.


That's What's unfair to a lot of these disciplines. You know, a guy like Jordan wins six rings and you're like, he's the Michael Jordan of whatever. And then some other guys win. He's on four 14 times. I know. He's like, Jordan's the same. Need a step stool to kiss my ass. That's what he would say. That Is probably what he would say. Yeah. Yeah. I guess that is unfair. Yeah. Okay. Andrew said that Tim Waltz said he was at the Battle of Gettysburg in the Civil War. That was obviously a joke. Hyperbole. That was hyperbole. And it was a joke. It was Tiananmen Square. Correct. That he said he was there present or a part of, and he was not. Okay. So that was bad.


Okay. Bipolar. You said 10 times the rate in Japan. I mean, I'm sorry. We have 10 times the rate over Japan. The United States has the highest lifetime rate of bipolar disorder at 4.4%. India the lowest with 0.1%. And Japan 0.7%. Point seven 44 divided by seven is almost seven. Yeah. Yeah. So seven 7%. No, seven times seven. Seven. We have seven times the rate, not 10 times the rate. Yeah. That's still astronomical.


That's a lot. Yeah, that's a lot. Is Jack Schlosberg JFK's grandson? Yes, he is. Congratulations. Oh, okay. I thought he looked like Ben Schwartz And I thought he looked like Ashton Cooker. Yeah. I didn't, I didn't. He doesn't look like Ben Schwartz, but they have similar mannerisms. And then this also, I just started watching the Pit. Right. Which is on Max. It's a medical drama. It's er, just call it er, it's Basically er, it has Noah Wiley, John Wells, I think is the show. Correct. Yeah. And it's fun. I I I really just like him. Medical drama. Yeah. The only one I ever got hooked on was house.


That's the one I didn't do because Q is so incredible. Yeah. He is such a good actor. He's a cantankerous addict. Right. And the most brilliant doctor on the planet. So you never watched er No. Really? No. Well, I just finished the pit and I'm gonna restart. Er, I thought you were gonna say you're gonna restart pit. No, I just finished the pit and I'm gonna restart it. I mean, that is something I have done, but Yeah. No, I'm gonna restart. Er I'm excited about that. I was Too busy in life when that came out. You know, I was like early twenties I think. I wasn't at, I wasn't watching tv. I was like out every single night doing something fun. Yeah. You were probably nine. Yeah, because I, I have very vivid memories of watching it with my mom in bed.


The fun. Yes. In, in our house in Tennessee. So I would've been seven. Watching TV in bed is so fun. It is. Yeah. We would watch er, so seven, so yeah. You were 19. Yeah. That was nostalgic watching the Pit. But there's an actor on there that is so Ashton. Oh Really? Yes. Ah. And there's a actress that is very Christina Ricci. Ooh. So there's a lot of doppelgangers on that show, which is interesting. And then I was reminded that there are some, there's like some people that are cutouts in the sim.


There's like, they're a cookie cutter that gets stamped and then they just like change some things. I've been saying this. Yeah. Now that I am 40 and I've met. Yeah. Congratulations. Tens of thousands of people in my life. Yeah. I think there's like 1600 people. Right. I meet doubles nonstop. Yeah. I'm like always. And then what's crazy is the people with the same physicality, their personalities are generally the same too. Yeah. Like I think how you look ends up predicting a little bit how you're gonna bat. Yeah, Maybe. Yeah. Yeah. So they just take like, they like make the ear a little bigger and like flatten the nose a little bit. They're like, that one's good. Yeah. They do like a 2%. Exactly. Kinda like my tattoos ding, ding, ding.


Yeah. Just change 'em enough that they're original. Exactly. Okay. I didn't know what buck breaking was. Ugly term. E Yeah. Or maybe not Ugly. Ugly activity. Right? Correct. The history of sexual exploitation of black people by the dominant society, particularly the sexual exploitation of black men. We're gonna go out on buck breaking No, no, no, no. AOCs district voted for Kamala. Okay. She lost some votes. Okay. But she still won it. Gotcha. So some people moved over is the thing. Okay. But not the majority. Gotcha. Okay.


That's It. That settles it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Wonderful. That was, I was glad we had 'em on. Oh yeah, me too. Yeah. All right, love you. Love You.


Follow Armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Imagine this, you help your little brother land a great job abroad, but when he arrives, the job doesn't exist. Instead, he's trapped in a heavily guarded compound, forced to sit at a computer and scam innocent victims all while armed guards stand by with shoot to kill orders. Scam Factory. The explosive new True Crime podcast from Wondery exposes a multi-billion dollar criminal empire operating in plain sight, told through one family's harrowing account of sleepless nights, desperate phone calls and dangerous rescue attempts. Scam Factory reveals a brutal truth. The only way out is to scam their way out. Follow Scam factory on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of Scam Factory early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.