
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan Shepherd. I'm joined by Monica Padman. Hi. And Aaron Michael Weekly. Hello. Today our guest alliteration Monica, We love Alliteration. Favorite I do Anthony Anderson with a cute nickname. Ant. Ant is a cute guy. He kind of goes by Ant Emmy nominated actor. I was Watching his law and Order years on the plane ride here. Oh, oh My gosh. Ding Dinging. Of course. Blackish Kangaroo. Jack Romeo Must Die Barbershop. Scary Movie three. He has a new movie on Prime video right now with Viola Davis. Mm. Called G 20. I love her.


Yes. Incredible. Kiss and Homeland. Yeah. Tony Stark. Please enjoy Ant Anderson.


We are supported by Brit Box. There are some incredible shows coming outta the UK right now. The clever writing, the picturesque settings, the witty dialogue. They just do TV differently across the pond in the best way. And you know, they're the masters of charming mysteries set in quaint little villages where three people die a week. Not only do they have a huge selection of classics like Pride and Prejudice, but their new original shows are insanely good too. Especially Ludwig with David Mitchell from Peep Show. He plays the introverted puzzle maker guy who accidentally becomes a detective and solves murders like their crosswords. It's twisty and clever and an absolute treat to watch. So if you wanna mix it up and see things differently, try Britt Box and stream the best British tv. Go to britt box.com and start a free trial.


Today we are supported by Claude, the AI assistant. That just feels different. You know, we're curious about the old artificial intelligence here on the pod. We Are curious, And we always want to give our arm cherries the if you know, you know, tips. We sure do. So they need to meet our new pale Claude. While other AI sound like robots. Claude just gets it with the emotional intelligence. Whether I'm researching guests or refining my latest meal plan to get Brad Pitt's abs or looking for the best dating advice to give Monica. Claude is the fact checker in your pocket while you're in the arm share. Well, That's exciting for us. I like having an extra companion. Welcome to the team. Claude. You can try Claude for free now@claude.com. That's C-L-A-U-D e.com.


He, No motherfucker, you didn't do pushups before the Before The charity Event. Charity event. Yeah. I try not to be swollen at charity events. That's an, it's not a good look. Hey, what's up son? Loosen up your rotator cuff. Nathan And I are in the Guinness Book of World Records. I'm in there twice. Twice. And you're in there. Well, how many? Just one time son. I'm, well, not anymore. I'm not. I I don't No more.


And now recently, oh, you don't Even have anymore. That's right. You've been removed. I'm sorry. Alright, I gotta go. I'll at you later, man. Oh Wow. Wait, what are your, Well, that's I to start. What world records do you hold? I hit a golf ball the furthest with the longest usable golf club in the world. 36 feet and one inch was the length of the club. Okay. Just to put that in perspective, Monica, you know the gray trailer sitting over there? Yeah. That's 26 foot. So 10 feet longer than that trailer was the club he was using? Yeah. What? Yes. Did you have to have something in the middles for A pivot? Nah, I was on a podium. Okay. 'cause you can't stand, oh, the podium wasn't much higher than this table, so I had to stand up on that. Had to rotate. And you can't fucking, Oh my God. 30 fucking six feet long.


You can't, ain't none of this shit. No, no, no, no, no. It had to be a control shit. And smack the ball. Forget what the record was for distance. But I out drove it. Not that it drove far. It was a couple hundred feet. That's Pretty good. I was expecting like 40 feet. Oh, no, no, no. Much longer than that. Couple hundred feet. No, no. Yeah. Be careful. 'cause people could check this. Yeah. It's in the book. So maybe not a couple hundred feet, but it was far. Okay. How did you find yourself in this position? Is this something you completely orchestrated on your own? No, I was invited to do it. So if you go to Topgolf right now, they played a video in Topgolf. It's been playing it for years because I did it outta Topgolf in Vegas. Okay, great. I forget who invited me or how I got involved with it, but they asked me to come down and do it. And I was like, yeah.


So I got a couple of Sprite swing and whacked the motherfucker. And then when I hit it and broke the record, they had a fucking marching band come out. Oh, you're kidding. That I had no idea was happening. He was like, he broke the record in his whole marching band, like 50 or 60 people with instruments. Wow. Now my question is, I have so many me too, are people sitting around thinking like, okay, how about this? Here's a world record 36 foot golf club who's imagining this? Maybe They're going through the book and saying through, I could do This to book. After that. I felt compelled to make a show Once the Martine Band came out, after The record, after I did it. And they did all this shit. And then my son, as you heard him, the call, Nathan was in the Guinness Book of World Records for putting on the most t-shirts in 30 seconds.


They had to Guinness Book come up to a school. And I don't know what the record was, but my son beat it. How many did he put on? What if it was like 20, 27, 30? It was almost one second. Wow. And I gotta imagine once you're wearing 30 T-shirts, it's gotta be getting up around his face. Yeah. The T-shirts would've to be getting progressively larger. You start it small, Go to large, maybe stay the same size. And that's part of the thing. 'cause it's getting bigger, but the shirt is still staying the same size. That's an added layer. You're getting bigger. Yeah. And then is there a regulation, like it has to be Hanes because what if you get the thinnest material? Stretchies? Yeah. That I don't know. But the thing with Nathan's record is it wasn't published. Not all Guinness Book World Records are published in the book. You get a certificate and it says, say you broke this record. This is your record. So that's what he has.


One of my records is published in the book, the Golf Swing Club is published in the Guinness Book of World Records. Were they doing that in Compton when you were a kid? Were you just studying That? Were they playing golf in Compton? No, No, no, No, no, no. You saw a black dude with a golf club in Compton. You went the other way. Yeah, Sure, sure, sure. No. Were you studying the Guinness Book of World record? Because in elementary school Yes. I was obsessed with it. Oh no. That was one of the books. As a kid you just went to. It was like, oh, one day I'm gonna do this. How can I do this? The tallest Guy, I'm gonna see the tallest guy. Yeah. Like you and I probably have the same image of the heaviest twins. And they were on those little Yes. Honda mopeds together in the photo. Yes. You could barely see the moped. You couldn't see. See, you could not. Yeah. It was all edged up between slide. There was a moped. Yeah, I remember that. That's such a memorable photo.


And in the fingernails, you look up the fingernails. Yep. Ooh. So you're doing that. Wait, what's the second one? We gotta know. Me and Darius Rucker. I was shooting a show and we were doing something and we were attempting two other records. We were trying to break a record of building this sandwich. We didn't get that one. And the other one was most hugs. Oh. Oh, I Love that. So we broke the record for most hugs in a minute. It was just some simple stuff. You just had to tap your hand, embrace and release. Yeah. And Darius and I had that record. Record that looked crazy. It did. And we did that in the park. We attempted three, but we got the record for most hugs in a minute.


That one isn't published in the book. Okay. Probably homophobia. They want to keep that out. Yeah, you're right. They're Historically very homophobic. We should have been in a record anyway for just most hugs completed by two black men. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Or a black man in a blackish man. You know, take Pink On which one is which. I love this. You guys can see it straight into the interview. I thought we were just having a conversation about, Oh yeah. Now we're always recording. Hey, hey. Who's just like, wow. I love it. A BR. Yeah. Yeah. Always be recording you and I have to occasionally, I'm sure. Approve bios. Right? Like you're gonna go somewhere and then they send you a thing. Here's what we're gonna read before you come out. Yeah. The next time you're on Kimmel, what they should say is World record holder Anthony Anderson, when you come out. Wow.


'cause that's so much more impressive than an actor or producer or any of that. I Think I should do that. And then Just let people imagine what it is. Yeah. Not even get into it. Just be Guinness Book World record holder. Yes. And when I describe you to people, I'd be like, you know, my friend Anne World record holder, he also acts Two time, can you put two time world record holder, Two time world record holder shit. By now he might have three or four. This guy's picking him up. I started to tell you, I was trying to develop a show. What I wanted to do was take my son, since we're both Guinness Book world record holders Competitors, And try to break as many records as love we can. I this as father's son. I wanted to enter the book that way. But there's some guys in there and one father son, they pull fucking fire trucks.


Ooh. Me and my son can't do that. You're not gonna get that record. Are those guys Scandinavian? Are they like from my son or something? I, they're Scandinavian. Yeah, But this fathers son, they're in the book for multiple records. It's like Magnus Vaughn, Magnus and m Magnus. Yeah. And so I was like, I wanna do that. Okay. So you and I were recently together, which was really fun. I mean, don't Say it like that. No, I'm gonna leave it just like that. Just like the world record. Okay. We were recently together. Yes. Moving on. Great time. No, we, among some other people went to Vegas because Kimel was being honored. And we were on an airplane together. We were shooting the shit. Not just an airplane. We were on a pj. We were on a private Jet. They need to know we just weren't flying Southwest. That's A good look for you. It's not a good look for me. Why isn't that a good look for You? I'll tell you, and I say this all the time on here, when black people are showing wealth.


I'm like, fuck. Yeah. It was impossible for you to get it. If fucking let it, let it rip. I don't mind at all. When I see a white kid driving a Lamborghini, I'm like, yeah, come on. Yeah. I mean, but it's a flex that we could all use. Man. It's not JetBlue. You know what I'm saying? Or the other one. It was, it was a private jet. But would you agree there's a difference? No one's gonna be rooting for me to be on a private jet, nor should they. I root for you Because we know each other. And you know, I'm from the fucking bowels of Hillbilly Country, Michigan. Yeah. We Come on, baby. Yeah. Okay. So we're on this flight and we're talking about gambling, and I already know that you gamble. Yeah. I'm fixing to gamble when we're there. Right. We have a little two hour break, and then you're like, all let's play together.


And I don't know if I was very forthcoming in the moment, but I was starting to get really fearful that we were gonna sit down and you were gonna be playing like 2000 a hand, and I was gonna be playing like 25. Right, right, right. And feeling emasculated. And you go, we should play. And I'm like, yes, You did jump at the opportunity to do it. But in my mind, I'm like, oh, I'm gonna feel like such a clown. No, no. Playing next to you. Thank God you decided to take a nap. Yeah, I did. Is What happened when we Got there and you went to the table? I went To the table and Kristen and I just gave it to him straight in the Heine. Two $25. We won Two five bucks. Man, anytime you can leave Vegas with their money, that's a win. That's a big win. But Were you Right? Would it have been a big, massive leap of No.


You know, what Would you have been like? Not this table. We Would just there for fun. So it would've been fun for us. So we would've been paying in gen pop. We would've been paying at the little $10 $25 table. I can't go lower than $25. Right. I would sit at the $25 table and we would've had a great time. When you're putting a corner out there, every time you bet. You know, it's like, mm. I gotta play this. Right. Yeah. So yeah, we would've had great time. Okay. Now let's talk about the event itself. Yes. Power of Love. Good memory. I've Done it twice before. Once was for Smokey Robinson. Oh, He was honored And honored. Lionel Richie. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Great time. I have one really good Lionel Richie story. What's that? It's not even really good. It's just, I met him and it was so exciting. We were flying back from Nashville.


We had been promoting a movie at Bon Roo, that music festival. Okay. And then Lionel Richie was there performing. And so we get on the airplane and we're like four rows behind him. And I say to Kristen, I'm like, Oh my God. Lionel Richie's over there. And we're like peeping him and everything. And then we get distracted and then life carries on. And then all, all of a sudden I look up and he's standing there and he goes, hi, I'm Lionel Richie. And I go, Oh my God. I know you're Lionel Richie. We love you. We're chatting, chatting, chatting. And I said, Lionel, I know what your best song is. And he said, what is that? And I said, this is your life. And he goes, I think that is my best song. Was he drunk? And I had some hugs, and then he left. And I'm like, this is so great. He does not think that's his best song. He played along with me. Yeah. He's being So nice.


So he just happened to be wandering down the aisle and stopped at you and Kristen's speech and said, hi, I'm Lionel, not Lionel Lionelle. Richie. Lionel. Lionel Richie. Well, I think he probably saw us when we got on, but we assumed he doesn't know who we are. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. And then I guess he just decide, fuck if I know. But that happened, and that was very exciting. Are you friends with him? I am Lionel School. So Lionel, if you're listening to this podcast, which I know you're probably not, but by a chance, if you are, I'm still waiting on my dinner at your house. I've gone through two girlfriends and a marriage of 23 years, and I have yet to be at the dinner at your home that you've invited me and my wife and two of my girlfriends to Yeah. Oh boy. Let's sort that out. It's A's a long game.


Long's a great guy. I do imagine his house being a very special situation. When you bought a house in Bel Air in the eighties. That's its own thing. Yes. When I play golf at LA Country Club as a guest, not as a member. Okay. You can see Lionel's house from, you can the fourth hole, fifth hole or something like that. So every time I go by the house, I hit a ball in the backyard. Oh. And we ate motherfucker. I want my dinner. But To see his home, just see the backyard. It's in layers. Oh, good for him. It's in at least three different layers. But I wanna count four. It's terrace. Yes. But not just the width of this table. I'm talking about park-like terraces, cascades down. And I was like, God damn, Lionel, good For him.


This is your life. And I hear that he has, I don't know how true this is. I started talking to him about it one day, but we never finished the conversation. He built a room in his home to replicate the room that he originally wrote his music in. Oh, wow. And he was at Tuskegee and all that. The early days of the Commodore where he wrote the music and old record players and records and shit that was around him in that space when he was being that creative. It's A Replica. Wow. Yeah. I started talking to him about that, and he started to give the answer, and then something happened and we both got distracted. But you know, I'm gonna call him. Are we Doing a real time call? Hold on. I Would love it. Hold on. Let's call Lionel Richie right now. Ask him what His best song. Okay. If he picks up.


He never picks up, but he always responds to text messages. Lionel, please pick up. We need you. Oh, it's the third ring He's not picking up. Your call has been forwarded to voicemail. The person you're trying to reach is not available. When you have finished recording, you may hang up. Hey Lionel, it's Anthony Anderson. I'm here with Dax Shepherd and Monica, I'm doing a podcast. And I was hoping that you would pick up the phone because we're here talking about you. You met DAXs on a plane with his wife Kristen, and you walked up and said, hi, I'm Lionelle Richie. Dutch said that He very memorable, He knows what your favorite song was. And it was, this is Life. Is this is your life really your favorite song? Or is that what you just told him? And secondly, I was telling him that word on the street is that you have a replica room of when you wrote your greatest hits, when you were younger at Tuskegee and all of that.


And I told him how we were starting this conversation, and I asked that question, and then we got distracted. So you never answered it. So please call me back and answer it. And I promise to put you on the air and Invite our friend dinner. All dinner, And the dinner that you promised me and my ex-wife, me and my ex-girlfriend, and me and my ex, ex-girlfriend. That's three relationships that I've gone through. Still waiting on dinner. Lionel, call me back. Bye. Oh, if he calls back in the middle of this, Oh, make sure your ringer's on. I'm Gonna send him a text that says, call me. I tell him I've been in a bad accident. Yeah. He's gonna think there's a huge emerge there. Call Me, please Put the please on your Oh no, I'm scared.


He's gonna drop every, what is it? Right. I've just left surgery. Did you watch that? Greatest Night and Pop Doc. It's the documentary about them coming together to, was it We Are The World. Oh, we Are the World. Yeah. Yes, I've Seen that. Isn't that incredible? Yes. Because Lionel's incredible. Everyone's incredible. Darrel Hall's incredible. Yeah. And then Michael sings, and you're like, fuck. Among all these people, there's one person's actually like 20% better Not to mention any names. If you saw the doc, you really know how horrible some of them sounded. Sure, Sure, sure, sure, sure, sure. Yeah. How about when Stevie had to do Bob Dylan. Yeah. In his Bob Dylan voice. Yeah.


So Bob knew how to sing. That was the Crazy part. Man. I thought he was Bob singing. Yeah. No. Stevie Wonder. Also genius among Geniuses. Okay. So let's talk about this. Stevie Wonder can see, Oh, this is a big rumor. Can see Stevie Wonder. Can see. Okay, hold on. Hold. We need to know your proof. I need to go deep Into the Stevie Wonder. Can see, here's what I've seen. I'm sure you've seen them. I've seen some videos. There are a lot of people that believe he can't. And there's a couple moments on stage where like a Mike Stan Falls. Yes. And he catches. Yes. Yes. Okay. Tell me why. I've known Stevie for years. Okay. Stevie. I've hung out with Stevie. We've partied together just in concerts. What If you said play darts together? Yeah. No, no.


This is a little thing that we would always do. Every time we saw each other, Stevie would be talking to you, and the next thing you know, he'd grab you and slit your throat. Like, how did he know where my throat was? You know what I'm saying? So we'd take his finger and like he had a blade and slit your throat. And he's, ah, I got you, motherfucker. I was like, okay. That's cool. You're in close proximity. You're talking to somebody, you get their height. You've been around 'em a while. That's cool. Your Ears are echo locating the distance of their mouth. Yeah. I get all that orientations. That's Something that's on the up and up. So we are at a jazz festival that I believe Stevie is producing in Trinidad. So we get there. Let me back up just because, hold on to see if that's Lionel. Oh, that's my mama. Okay. She can wait. Doris. So yeah, give us two.


This is another Flex. Stevie says, Hey ma'am, don't you come over here and just do this jazz festival I'm doing. I'm like, okay, cool. Meet me at the airport. So we get at the airport, it's Stevie, Natalie Cole. Oh, Jennifer Whitney. Houston. Come, Oh my God. Johnny Gill, myself, Gabrielle Union, Derek, Luke, couple of other people till we're taking off. And Stevie says, oh, don't forget. We gotta stop in Atlanta and pick up Chris. He's like, all right. So we stop in Atlanta, we pick up Chris Tucker. What year Is this? This is the 15, 20 years ago. Oh, Okay. And so we land in Trinidad, Tobago. This'll date it. When did the police get back together as a band for that last tour?


After not being a band for like 20 some odd years or whatever, whatever year that was. Okay. I think they tried it a few times. And I think it never works. This was that last big tour that they had. And this was their first show coming together, Was gonna be at this jazz Festival. It was at this jazz festival. Oh, cool. So it was just a regular jazz festival with all these other performers, plus the police, Patty Label Bell, Natalie Cole, Johnny, all these performed. And then the night we all went in the audience to watch the police Come on with Stuart Copeland playing drums. Yes. Whoa. The police. But before that, all these other people were performing. Johnny Gill is on stage performing. Chris Tucker and I get on stage and we become his background dancers.


And the crowd is packed because they're here to see that on top of the police. Oh my God. So you can just imagine how big this crowd was. Oh my God. Yeah. Dougie Fresh grabs the mic. He gets the crowd in the frenzy and all this before somebody else gets on stage. I ended up on stage. Right. Stage left is over here. And it's a musical stage with huge bands. So just imagine how large the stage is and all the equipment that's on stage. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm the furthest away from stage left on stage. Right. And Stevie Wonder, I see out of the corner of my eye, starts walking on stage. 'cause Stevie Wonder wants to be a part of what's going on on stage. I was like, oh shit. Stevie's about to get down. This motherfucker walks from stage, left through instruments, through chords, tables, through foot pedals, through everything.


Walks to me Now 150 Feet, looks at me in my high and says, Anthony, get me to a piano. I'm like, what the fuck? Hold on. How could he not find the piano? But he Goes, I know. He walked past the piano. Doug first is beatboxing. Chris Tucker is dancing. Johnny GI is singing. There's a party going on stage that fucking stage, hands and grips. Stevie walks through the maid, oh, Up Everything. Wow. And walks directly to me and looks me dead in my eyes. This close. Well, he's wearing sunglasses though now. And says, yes he is. And says, Anthony, get me to a piano. Oh my God. This is a compelling.


And I was like, Steve, you just walked past the fucking piano, but okay. Yeah. And I walk him to the piano, that center stage that he walked and didn't even touch. Walked around. Okay, Monica. Yeah. This is compelling. This Is tough. This is tough. Lemme ask you this though. 'cause then I have to go straight to what would be the motive? Let's try this case. He's been living alive for so long that he doesn't want, he Like a great magician. You gotta live the routine. Yeah. Do you think his feelings would be hurt as your friend knowing that you think he's able sighted? No. We talk about him with, laugh about it all the time. Like I'll send him text messages and he is like, I know you saw my text message, man, call me back. It could be a smell thing.


I hear you on that. You know, I say that he's a hundred So Many smells feet away from me, dude. People Are dancing. It's Jamaica. You know how much weed was being smoked in Trinidad and Yeah. But maybe that's part of it. It's like, I know to get around. I mean, we just don't know. Don't they say that the other senses get so strong. Really? He didn't wanna ask Chris Tucker to take him to the piano. He passed him first. He couldn't ask Johnny Gill. 'cause Johnny was still singing. He might have Geotagged you somehow. He put a little something on you on the airplane. He is like, you're gonna be my anchor. I'm gonna find you. Okay. Here's our really funny, one friend of ours worked at Houston's, our favorite restaurant. Stevie Wonder comes in with like five, six friends. And the two funny things about it is all the tables are obviously numbered for the servers, right?


Yeah. So one of the servers says to the runner, Hey, drop this at Stevie Wonders table. And the runner says, what number? And he said, number Stevie Wonder. Right, Right. So Just go find him. And then this could be an exaggeration. The friends were holding up their drinks and pointing another round, but they would never say it out loud. Oh, Stevie, they were getting swo at Dinner. Those Were like taking to the cleaners. Yeah. Another one of these. But they were not saying anything. So he wouldn't know they were drinking $400 worth. Yeah.


No. What's The bill? I got it. Don't worry about it. What's the numbers, y'all? It. It is not bad, Stevie. But there've been sightings. You know, Shaq tells stories. Eddie Murphy tells stories, how they've seen Stevie Wonder driving cars. Oh. And shit like that. I've seen Stevie walk through landmines and come to me. Yeah. Wow. That Is wild. Look, as I tell the stories, he's like, yeah, Eddie and Shaq said they've seen him drive cars. He'd be like, yeah, it's crazy. I saw the man walk through landmines and get to me. So I was like, anything's possible. I wouldn't care if the whole thing was a ruse. I wouldn't feel deceived. And also, if you think about it, it's an incredibly useful thing to say you have. Right? Because you never have to remember what anyone looks like.


There's just so much shit you would get out of. But man, that takes some commitment. Oh my God. Dedication. Yes. Next level. And then Stevie and I love you if you're listening to this, 'cause I know you're not watching the podcast, but if you're listening, He's, he's watching maybe is what you're saying. If Stevie could see, he wouldn't have made some of those fashion choices that he's made over the years. Okay. So that's the other, oh, okay. That's the other bit. It's for the other side That, and he wouldn't have kept getting those braids with his hair receding the way that it was. Stevie would've saw that and be like, yo, what the fuck y'all doing in my line? Y'all pushing my hairline back. I got C legs now. Okay. I do want to go back to Compton to childhood. Oh, let's Go. We're of similar age.


And when I was growing up, all the music was coming from there that I loved. The movies I loved at that moment were coming from there. And you were living there. So, couple questions. What was it like growing up there? And then also, I just trying to imagine my hometown being the source of all these great movies, all this great music. Yeah. What that felt like to be there. And was there some disconnect of Oh yeah, everyone's into this. It's on tv, but it's not a party here. Oh, It's a combination of all that. You know, I'll start with the latter first. It's not a party or celebrated the way that people were digesting it or enjoying it. But it was my reality. So the shit that you saw and the things that people were entertained by, the music, the culture, the movies that were in and about Compton, it was also about these places around the country as well.


But it was centered here. It was crazy, man. You know, I wasn't affiliated with any gangs. But you're affiliated by association. You're affiliated because it's the block that you live on. Yeah, I was gonna say, your neighborhood probably plays a big role in shit, right? Yeah. They were like, I don't give a fuck. You live on Holly, or you live in Looters Park. You live in these places that were what they were. I come from a blood territory, a blood hood. And the other hood surrounding areas were Crips. Whether or not I was a part of the gang culture, it didn't matter. Right. To the other side. That's where you live. Yeah. So that's what you're about. I had to walk through all of that. I went to the high school for the performing arts, Which was at Hollywood. I, No, no, no. That's Hollywood High.


That's where I graduated. That's where I did my senior year. Oh, Okay. Okay. This is the LA County. The LA County High School for the Performing Arts. I was part of the inaugural class in 1985. I'm actually going back to do their 40 year reunion this year. Oh, cool. Awesome. Somebody reached out to me and asked me to be a part of it. And I never wanted to be a part of the school. Why? Because they kicked me out for having weed. I get why you did it. Sure. But you let the white boys with cocaine stay in the school. I know. I'm getting off our topic and I'll get back to it. But I had an issue with the administration. Right. So for the longest time, people that I knew, there were students there. I had friends who had kids there, you should come back and talk to the school. And I was like, nah. And then one day I woke up and I was like, but that's doing a disservice to the students.


Exactly. Who did nothing to You. Yeah. Who did nothing to me. And would love for somebody like me to be there and be a part of that. Absolutely. So years ago, I decided, okay, whenever they asked me again, I'm there. So I had to be ready for school by five 30 because I had to walk a mile and a half to a bus stop. Five 30 in the eighties. Shit's popping. Oh yeah. Especially in the hoods where I'm from. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Why mornings were like extra? Well, because people have been smoking crack all night long. They're still out. They're still buying all This shit drive-bys. Nobody schedules to drive by three 30 in the afternoon. It's like, yo, we gonna catch 'em when we catch 'em. So walking through my hood was fine, but then I had to walk through other neighborhoods. You hear Tupac and them talk about Long Beach and Rosecrans. You hear people rap about that shit. That's my neighborhood.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the corner where I had to sit and wait for a bus at five 50 in the morning. Right across the street are the Santana Block. Crips diametrically opposed to the LUTs Park Bloods and then the mop. I'm probably speaking French to y'all and all this other shit. But those who know who are listening understand. So I have to sit on that bus stop at five 50 in the morning waiting for a 6:00 AM bus that takes me two hours to get to school. Yeah. And then I had to reverse it at four o'clock when I got outta school and come home. So Really quick, what's the survival mechanism? Is it ignoring? Is it acknowledging? Is it ignoring? Till you have to acknowledge you Don't ignore it. That's when you get caught. You know, your head is always on a swivel. Especially moving alone in areas that are hotspots.


I'm always conscious of where I am. That's just the era that I come from. Yeah. In the neighborhoods that I come from. So when you were seeing it blow up in pop culture, to be fully honest with you, my best friend Aaron, who I'm still best friends with, we left Detroit. Right when we graduated high school. We went on a road trip. We lived in the car for like six months. When we came to la, our very first stop was, we're South central, Very wide of you. Yeah. We wanna see you all the action. And then we got there. And being from Detroit, the projects in Detroit, you know you're looking at them. Yeah. And we were like, these are kind of nice houses. It was a little confusing. I was gonna ask you that Because all these like World War II bungalow developments, it's very confusing if you're from Yeah.


The East coast to come out and see. Well, and Also what's been presented in media and stuff like that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So if I were you, I would be ano like, what the fuck are these white boys doing? They're tourists. That's when you get caught up. So you never got caught up in anything? No. But I was also smoking crack in Detroit. I've never known that about you. Oh yeah. I'm an ex addict. And I used to be in the gnarliest apartment smoking crack in Detroit. We recognize that. Yeah. I knew how to get by and so did Aaron. Okay. But all to say, I'm trying to imagine what it is when you're inside of it. And people, they themselves are enamored by it. Yeah. It annoying it. Annoying field. Yeah, it is. It's like when the baby falls into the gorilla cage or somebody gets into the cage, you wanna see the motherfuckers get ripped apart.


Yeah. Yeah. I should say when the baby falls in, 'cause that's an accident. But when motherfuckers get in, they're like, wanna play with the lions and wanna play with the monkeys. And you know better. Yes, yes, yes. It's like motherfucker, there's a wire cage. And there's a brick fence. You climbed all of this. You swam across the moat to get this. You deserve whatever you're about to get right now. Yeah. Yeah. And the animal should not be punished. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. For What is about to happen to you. Yes. And it's fucked up that the animal has to be killed. Euthanized and maimed or whatever. Yeah. 'cause of what this asshole did. Yeah. So sometimes when you see shit like that, you're like, okay, this is all news to me. You're telling me you've being an ex addict. I probably knew about that, but I didn't know you smoked crack. Sure, sure. And, and you probably talked about that. You talked about this shit. 'cause you said it so freely right now, without Anything.


We talk about it every five minutes. Yeah. How old were you when you started smoking crack? And what was that about? How long was the addiction to that? Well, Crack thank God was something I did semi controled. My preference was to snort it. Snort crack? No, no. Snort coke. Okay. I was like, hold on motherfucker. You gonna snort crack. You just didn't wanna go to cocaine. And I would often run out of that. I can't get that at three in the morning. So I go to Ghost Town in Venice and buy crack, and I also won't crack. You weren't doing that while you were in Detroit? No, no. Then I go back to Detroit for the summers and hang with all my boys. Wow. And we go downtown. But you Weren't a kid doing it. I wasn't A child. I probably smoked it for the first time when I was 21.


All Right. Wow. This is also while he's at UCLA. No. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like Two things are happening. That make no sense. Yeah. Yeah. I'm at UCLA in the Groundlings. I'm a comedian. Okay. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Boar's Head. If you're a sandwich lover, you know Boar's Head. They've been dedicated to crafting premium deli meats and cheese for more than 120 years. Boars Head uses only the finest ingredients and time honored recipes preparing every product with care. You can really taste the difference. You know, when I was taking the bus home from Nashville, just put a big pile of Boar's Head right next to my driver's seat. And I just munched on some ham and some Turkey. The whole ride. Oh, I love the oven. Gold Turkey. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. So good. It is. It's making me starving. I want it right now. Okay, Well let's stop and get you some Boar's Head. Make your ultimate sandwich today with Boar's Head. Head to your local Boars Head Deli to discover the craftsmanship behind every bike.


We are supported by Ring. With Ring. You can be there from anywhere with doorbells and cameras that help you see more to exciting features that help you know more to the app. That lets you connect more. See more at the front door, up high and down low with battery doorbells. Head to toe video. Capture it all, all day and all night with 24 7 recording. And get smarter alerts that know the difference between a person and a package. Right in the Ring app. Now I relied on these ring photos quite a bit for our Unfortunate violation. Yes. It was so good to have all that. It's Also, it just brings peace of mind to know you can check at any time. Yes. With Ring you can check in and be there from anywhere. Some features require a subscription and are available only on select ring devices. Exclusions apply. Learn more@ring.com.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card today and start earning up to 3% daily cash back on everyday purchases. And that daily cash can even grow automatically when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. What are you waiting for? Visit apple.co/card calculator today to see how much daily cash you can earn. Subject to credit approval savings available to Apple card owners. Subject to eligibility, savings. And Apple Card by Goldman Sachs. Bank, USA member FDIC. Terms and more@applecard.com.


We are supported by Macy's. Mother's Day is next month. Devoted arm shares. Note that I adore and love my mom. My sweet, sweet mother. Her episode's one of our most popular ever and we have to get her back on the show soon. So it's important to make moms feel like the stars. They are on Mother's Day, but moms can be so hard to shop for because it can seem like they already have everything they need. Not true. If you're not sure what to get your mom this year, Macy's is a one-stop shop to find a gift that will make your mom smile. Macy's has a great selection of clothing, no matter your mom's style. They've got tons of options that'll look great on her from brands like Calvin Klein, Levi's and Charter Club. And if your mom's into cooking, Macy's has state-of-the-art kitchen appliances from Cuisinart all clad and more that will upgrade the recipes. She's been wanting to try. Another favorite buy Mom. Something luxe that she might not think to buy herself. Maybe a signature perfume. That's what I love. Getting my mom designer cosmetics. Or even some new jewelry. I'm going the cooking route this year. You can't. I hope she doesn't listen. She doesn't listen to this, so that's fine. Yeah. But they have such good products. I love all clap. Me too. Yeah. Shop now at macy's dot com or in store.


Have you ever done SNL? I Haven't. No. Neither Have I. It's heartbreaking. Right? Little Bit is man. And now I'm getting so old now it's starting to sound like too much work for me. Yeah. You look at the successes that we've had, you know, in our careers. And then you look at some of the talent that they have come there and host and you're like, did I upset somebody? You Right, right, right, right. I've never questioned my ability. 'cause I know what I can do. They Called for my availability one time. Hold on. It's, it's not to say that they were offering it to me. No. I got the same thing. And that's great. Yeah. They called for my availability, but then they never called back. Once we sent them the dates, I was like, what the fuck? I was available. I was in the middle of Blackish. Okay. I mean, we're shooting my show. We had 24 episodes a year.


We get the call, we gonna tell a B, C, yo, we shutting down for whatever I'm about to go do. SNL. These motherfuckers never called back, man. Oh, I'm gonna say this from the bottom of my heart. You would be great. Oh my God, You would be such a Great host. That's what I, that's I'm very surprised. That's what I've always said. Yeah. You really Would be a great, great host. While I was doing my first stint on Law and Order. So from 2008 to 2010, they came to Jeremy's and I and wanted us to shoot a bit with Zach Gki. 'cause he was hosting. So we went and did a law and order bit type thing. Oh, that's Funny. And it aired. Yeah, it aired. I was cool with that. But I was like, yo, you can call me to come be funny and do this shit. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. But I get what that was.


You gotta take it as a win. You're back on the bus stop five 30 in the morning. You're like, oh boy. They're in a fight. They're about start shooting. Where's the 360 down Long Beach Boulevard show and I show on Express Bus show. Yeah. And then the white angel shows up and he says, guess what? At some point SNL's gonna call and ask for your availability. You're gonna call. Oh my God, I won't run. That's a weird, I won't run from these bullets. I just hope they don't hit me. Okay. So single mom or you had a stepdad? I've never called him my stepdad. He's been my dad since I was an infant. So that's my daddy. Great. And you had a good one. I did. He is from Little Rock and he came to work in a steel mill. Yeah. Little Rock, Arkansas. Youngest of 16.


16. Same mom, same dad. Grew up on a farm. And Irish twin. My Uncle Ade is 11 months older than my dad. My Uncle Ade came out to California being an Irish twin. He was tied to the hip. He came out to be where his older brother was. Oh, that's nice. And so that's what brought my dad out to California. Ended up working in the steel mill, sole steel. Where's that in Watts. That's not still functional. No, It's not still functioning. All the steel went over to Japan years ago and it was crazy. My dad, his company sent him to Japan and my dad was like 6 4, 300 plus pounds, but he was 300 solid. So just imagine what the Japanese Thought, dude with a Jerry curl where people taking His Picture.


Oh my God. My dad has pictures of him and all these Japanese women just surrounded him. And he's holding up his hand and his lady's hand is like down here just to see the sauce. And her basement's flooded. And I, and I know my dad, he was over there fucking his ass off. And so he was there for a few weeks, Man. I bet. I'm surprised. He came back. He had Come back and my mama, How did he end up? He owned clothing stores at some point. Again, my father did everything my uncle did. And my uncle started a clothing store in Watts and built it up to a few throughout Los Angeles. I'll never forget growing up as a kid, my uncle was doing well and he would walk around with a briefcase and have $15,000 in it.


So 50 years ago, 40 years ago. Oh yeah. Yeah. For a black dude be Walking, it's like a hundred grand. He'd be Doing that. Successful in business. And this was just the receipts from his stores from that week. Wow. And he would come over to my dad's house and they would talk and you know, just being like, ha ha. And they go, ha ha. It would sit up there and my dad would count the money with him and wanted to do what his older brother did. So my father went downtown LA to the garment district, bought a box of Braxton Jeans, I'll never forget. 36 pair of jeans and a box. He went to a swap meet on that Saturday, sold out, went back the next day, or later on that day, took the profits from his one box and bought two boxes, sold out the next day.


So the next week he took that profit and bought more stuff. And so that's how my father started at swap meets. And then on corners. And then he had this one particular corner in Watts and LA that he would go to and set up shop, you know, canopies and tents. It was like an open storefront. Did he make you work with him ever? Yeah. And I didn't have a problem doing it. Good chance to work on your people skills. Yeah. Popping my shit. My dad popping his shit, making money, getting paid as a teenager. Then from there my father started opening stores and when he opened his stores, it was for plus-sized women. 'cause my mamas a plus size, so he was just catering to the women he loved. So it was plus size women and children's clothing. And that's what he did, man.


And what did Doris do? I know she wanted to be an actor. She Wanted to be an actor. My mother is, was a telephone operator for the county of Los Angeles. Yeah, I read that and I was like, this feels so eighties to be a telephone operator. Yeah, yeah. Actually worked at a hospital Harbor General, UCLA medical center in Torrance, California. And you had a little brother? Two Little brothers and a sister. My sister's the baby. I'm the oldest. I lost my youngest brother about 20 years ago now in a car accident while he was at, oh no. West Texas a and m College playing football. Oh yeah. 'cause they're probably huge like your dad. Yeah. So we lost him. And then a year later lost my dad. So it's three children now. Me and my brother Derrick, and my sister Doris. When my dad died, I thought it was going well.


Okay. But in reflection, it really fucked me up more than I really kind of realized at the time. And I have a few friends whose dad's also died too young. I don't know. It can bring out some wild stuff. I processed it as best as I could or as best as I knew how and I don't think I've really processed it as an adult. Yeah, Yeah. What year? This was almost 20 years ago. So I was in my thirties. I was successful. Oh good. He saw that. Yeah. I've been successful a while. So he got a chance to see all of that stuff. But you know what I'm, when I go to my therapist, I'm gonna talk to my therapist about this. You're giving me something to talk to him about. 'cause I don't really think I fully processed the death of my father. Me either. It's still evolving. Mine was 2012, so 13 years ago.


My most consistent dream is dreams about him. When he died, it was a bit of a relief because I was caring for him and supporting him and it was complicated. And so at first it was just like, okay, whew. There's a lot off my plate now. And then, oh, I miss him. And then it just continues to unfold this whole thing. And now I have a completely different view of him than I did when he died. I recognize all these incredible things. He was in spite of some things I'm was disappointed in. Yeah. It's just all these things and yeah, now I'm like, God, yeah, I'd really like to go back now and hang with him when he was vir and not dying. Yeah. My dad, it's sad how it happened because I'm a type two diabetic. I was the first person diagnosed with type two diabetes in my family.


I started getting healthy and I started partnering with Eli Lilly and now Novo Nordisk bringing awareness about diabetes to the inner city, in particular black men. They Over index, right? Yeah, very much so. Because I lost my father to complications of diabetes. Really? And what was fucked up? He had diabetes for probably 20, 25 years undiagnosed without knowing. Oof. That's rough, right? You're peeing all the time. The fatigue. Dad's just tired, you know, this is a teenager growing up and all this other shit. He is like, why does dad have a bucket next to the bed? Because he would fucking just roll over and piss in the bucket next to his bed Because he's keen nonstop. Once I was diagnosed as a diabetic, I was like, oh shit, this is what my father had.


As I was growing up, I'm looking at the symptoms I have and I'm looking at the symptoms he had. It had gotten to a point where, I don't know if what it's called, but we say it's elephant titis, where his lower extremities were all fucking one size from the knee down to the ankle into the foot, and it was swollen. Yeah. And was hard as this table. And then he developed leaking ulcers on the back of both of his calves and it became painful for him to walk. So I had to get him a cane and a roller walker. At this point, my father's in his sixties and he just let himself go. So now he's really just a big man. By the time he was diagnosed, diabetes had wreaked havoc on his body and I took him to the best endocrinologist that I could find.


We tried to nurse him back to health and he was in the hospital for a couple of months, had a pulmonary embolism while he was in the hospital. Wow. But they were able to catch it and save him. Then released him to a rehab center and then they let him go home. So we had a nurse that would come to him daily. And then one day I went to visit my dad and my brother, his nickname was tga, that's my brother that passed. And I was talking to my dad and he was laying in his bed and I was in his bedroom just leaning up against his dresser, speaking to him. And I was like, Hey, what's going on, pops, how you doing? He said, I'm all right. He said, I saw TGA last night. I was like, really? He said, yeah, he just sat on the edge of the bed right there. I said, and what you guys do? He said, we just talked.


I was like, whoa. Really? At that point, are you like, oh, dad's kind of hallucinating? No, Not hallucinating. It was like, dad is about to go. Yeah. Right, right, right. And I believe in ghosts. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, like, so when he was telling me my brother came to visit him, I was like, oh, okay. It's time. And not long after that, man, he died on Valentine's Day. I was going to work, I was filming the shield and I got a call in the middle of the night from his nurse that said, we lost your dad. Mm. Oh Man. And yeah, that's why I'm so adamant about going around the world and just talking about diabetes and giving my testimonial and just talking to men. I know I got it from being a glutton and from not eating the right shit and for doing all this other shit that I did throughout my life that contributed to it.


I'll say that much I contributed to it. Were you adjusting or regulating the inside with that? Like I'm using drugs and booze. Oh no. It wasn't like a coping mechanism for Anything. No, no. I just like, good shit, man. I was just, yeah, you just tasted that probably why I got motherfucking gout in my big toe on my right foot occasionally. Oh, that's rough, isn't it? Yeah. Oh man. That's what my dad at the end, he had gout. Yeah. In addition to everything. You Know what's crazy? I was living in New Orleans for a while. I was shooting a show there. That Place will give you gout. Yeah. I was like, I'm gonna be healthy in New Orleans. Not the place I was eating. Nothing but seafood and shellfish. And I was like, oh, I'm just eating seafood and shellfish. But all the purine in the shellfish contributed to my buildup of uric acid.


Oh yeah. I'll never forget, I was in the scene and I went to kick a door in and I hit it and I said, ow. I think I broke my toe. And I finished the scene. Then we moved locations. We were filming in the hotel in the middle of the night and I was laying across the bed and they said, action. And I jumped up to run and chase the perp and I put pressure on my right foot and I collapsed. Ah. Ah. And I was like, oh yeah, I broke my toe. I went to the doctor the next day, limping in. They were like, what's wrong with Mr. Anderson? I was like, I kicked the door and I think I broke my toe. They're looking at it like, I don't think you broke your toe. I said, yeah, and I think I broke my toe. They're like, ah, you might have the gout. I was like, nah, I ain't got the gout. That's up for me. I Was like, Dr. Koler, let's go on x-ray. They humored me and I was like, okay, Mr. Anderson took me x-ray.


They should Came back 30 minutes later, said, okay, we got good news and bad news. Which one do you want first? I was like, the good news. All right, you didn't break your toes. I like, this is the bad news. You got the gout. Oh, oh God, are you motherfucker? If you look at it, it looks red hot. And so if you put your hand above it, you can feel the heat. Oh my God. Heat coming off of it. Now I think about it I was like, well, it is uric acid. You associate acid with being hot. That's just my little ghetto way of thinking about things. But if you hover your hand above wherever you may have the gout, it's radiating heat up off of it, and it's bright red and it hurts like hell. Okay. What I have gleaned from the many interviews I've watched of you now is, and I'm guessing having to leave Howard, was it heartbreaking?


It Was. It was disappointing. So you go to Howard after this magnet school you're at, and you're there for how many years? Three. I ran out of money after my junior Year. And you're doing theater there. And are you loving dc? Loving DC is chocolate city. It was at the beginning of gentrification, and at 17, 18 years old, I didn't really understand or know what gentrification was. Yeah. Even though I was at the beginning of it in Washington DC the Washington Wizards, their basketball team used to be called the Washington Bullets, but because it was the murder capital of the world at one particular time in the eighties, and they had been the Washington Bullets forever. Yeah. It had nothing to do with it. So they were like, maybe we need to change the name of the King brand.


What's rebrand Optics Washington murders. Yeah. Yeah. Right. So they changed the name from the Washington Bullets to the Washington Wizards. Just a little something for you. Yeah. A little Extra. So you run outta money and you come back to la. Yeah. How long before getting back to starting to get employed? Because I feel like you and I have a kind of a similar, I didn't start getting hired as an actor till like 28, 25 For me. Oh, right. You do five years on a Saturday morning teen show. I got that when I was 25 years old, so I left Howard at 20. Those five years is long, right? Yeah. I came home especially with nothing. My parents ended up getting separated a few years after I came home.


I moved in with my mom, went to a couple community colleges, just because I wanted to keep my mind active. I was like, I'm going back to Howard. I just don't wanna sit here and fuck off. It was like, lemme go to some jcs. I went to El Camino Community College, and I went to Compton College for a semester each, and I was like, yeah, I just wanna keep my mind active and I wanna pick up some classes that's gonna transfer, so it'll make my load a little easier. Yeah. When I go back for my senior year, that shit never happened. Well, Until 2020. When did you go back? 2022 is when I went back. And you graduate? Yeah. My son got accepted to Howard University in 2018. When I went to college, I would've been the first person to graduate in my family from college. So that's why I was like, no, I got to go back and fucking finish. Then I started having kids, and then my younger cousins, 10, 15 years younger than me, they started going to college and graduating, and I was like, fuck.


I wanted to be the first. Yeah. So my daughter went to the University of San Diego, graduated Magna Cum Lati, and I was like, oh fuck. Now she's slapping me in the face with this shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Then my son gets accepted to Howard. His mother and I met at Howard in 1989. Yeah. So you're a double legacy kid. You got to go to Howard and I was like, you know what, son? You're inspiring me to go back to school. I'm gonna walk with you in 2022. That gives me four years to make up 15 credits. Yeah, right. So I was like, I can do that shit. And so he goes, real life gets in his way. He's a young artist, actor, musician, rapper, and he wants to pursue his dream. And my son would always tell me, he was like, you dropped outta college and look at you.


I was like, first off, motherfucker, I didn't drop out. Yeah. Of college. I ran outta money. There's a difference. I had financial. You feel like it wasn't a choice. I didn't just wake up one morning like you did. He'd be like, fuck it, I'm dropping out. My dad got me. No mother motherfucker. Your daddy ain't got you the consequences that comes with these choices that you were about to make. And I'm telling you right now, you about to fuck it up. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But he left after his freshman year, but I kept my promise to him. I kept my promise to myself, and I walked in 2022. That's so cool. I love that. Taraji Henson was our commencement speaker the year I received my degree. Oh my God. Oh, wow. Raji and I were classmates in the College of Fine Arts back when I was in school. Wow. Oh wow.


Denise Saunders, who's the associate dean of the College of Fine Arts, was instrumental in helping me get back into school. She and I were classmates when I was at Howard University. Wow. Felicia Rashad is now the dean of the College of Fine Arts. Oh my God. Wow. And this is her last year as Dean of the College of Fine Arts. She and I are friends. Yeah. And have done things together. I received my degree from her, and the College of Fine Arts is no longer called the College of Fine Arts that year for the first time. It's now called the Chadwick a Bozeman. Oh my God. College of Fine Arts. And Chadwick and I are contemporaries and friends in this industry.


All of that happened the year that I went back to get my degree, and it was just a full circle moment. And I took my best friend, who's my kid's godfather, skinny boy, who I went to high school with. We ended up at Howard together at the same time as freshmen. So it was a full circle moment meant to me. I went back to get my degree with the guy I started college with, with all of these people that I started college with. Yeah. That airplane ride home. I'd be like, well, if it goes down like this is about as great as, especially if you're on a piano wise, this really worked out so many wonderful things you are in. I really am jealous of a lot. Why? What are you jealous of? Well, departed the fact that in your lifetime you worked for a Scorsese, you Can just leave it right there.


You don't have to read anymore. It might be the greatest cast of all time. I Would say that directed by the greatest director of all time. Yes. We've both hosted Kimmel and you've done it a lot. How many times have you done it? I Think I have the record for most appearances on Jimmy Kimmel. If I haven't passed Adam Corolla yet, I am a close second to him. God, I feel like I gotta be up there too. Do you Know how many you've been? No. There's a lot. Like every summer when Jimmy takes off, I host four weeks. Yeah, yeah. But what's crazy, he used to have co-hosts on his show with him back in the day. That's right. So you would come on and co-host with him. I was the last co-host that he had. Mike Tyson was before me, and then I came on, and then I would come sit in for him.


And then whenever he needed a bit or something, he always would call me and I call my mom. So it would be me and my mom on there. Yeah. Oh, Your mom at the award show. That bit was the Emmys so great. Yes. That was so fantastic. Of all these hosting duties, which is your favorite? I mean, the game show racket's nice. 'cause you're just cranking out episodes. Those are cool, and I get to do 'em with my mom, so that's cool. But I would probably say Kimmel, because I've always won my own talk show. Right. I was gonna ask that. Right. So I enjoy it from top to bottom. It's like me directing, when I was directing on Blackish, you know, it was like, okay, I don't know how to direct, but my crew is not gonna let me fail my very first episode. Right. So, you know, this is a safe place for me to do.


It's A great place. So Kimmel is home for me. He's a great talk show host, but he's a fucking great friend. Oh my God. Know know. He's a great guy. Good. Yeah. He'll almost shame you. Good man. He's right there. We gave him a Best Boy award. That's Him. We gave him a Best Boy Award. He's the best boy on planet Earth. Best Thing I would say is Kimmel. And right after that, hosting the Emmys. You Love that? Yeah. Do you know that aunt refers to himself as the Lucci? What's her name? Susan. Susan Luie. Susan the black Susan Lucci. Yeah, Because he's been nominated 11 times. Wow. Monica and I were talking about the other day, and I was like, I don't know, man, if they had fucking nominated me, mind you, I've never been nominated, but if they nominated me five times, I might go like, I'm not fucking coming anymore. Like when I used to be nominated for an NAACP image award, every year I go and I think, ah, shit, this is the year.


And I was like, ah. And then one year I was like, oh, this is it. Oh no, I showed my ass and this, this one's it. And I get there. I didn't look at who the other nominees were. Sure. Yeah. So I was just like, I don't fuck who's nominee. I get there and I look at my category and I was like, Denzel Washington, Oopsie I the shoot made for. So yeah. And the winner is for best lead actor in the movie. Denzel. One last question, and then I wanna talk about G 20. How do you know Jordan and what's that hang like Wait, what? Jordan? Michael Jordan. Michael Jordan. The Jordan. Oh, okay. Got it. Oh, you guys live next door to Michael B. Jordan. BJ. He said there's three black people in his neighborhood.


Him, Michael B. Jordan, and Machine Gun. Kelly, you've done your research. I tried to. You've done your fucking research, man. That was funny. We kinda love him. We had him on. He was one of my favorite guests ever. K. Yeah. He's a special dude. He's like a very sensitive, sweet dude. He's nothing like you think he would be? Yeah. Yeah. Like He called me up one day Thanksgiving. He's like, yo, ant, you gotta need aluminum foil. I was like, I do. And you're grown. You should have it too. I was like, I'm in Qatar right now, but yo, I can give you the code to my back door. Yeah, yeah. Because it's cool. So I was like, yo, I'll give you the code to my back door, man. It's in the drawer right next to, he said, nah.


That's all right, man. He Said, I get, I'll TaskRabbit it. I owe him a sweet potato pie. By the way, he always calls me above the sweet potato pie. Yeah. Because he knows I bake. He's a sweet boy. You need to take him onto your arm. I'm gone do his birthday parties and all that. We're good. Oh, that's good. But Jordan, we watched Last Dance as everyone did, and just so fascinated the Brand. Jordan would ask me to come do their corporate things for their athletes that wear brand Jordan. Like he would do a corporate retreat with just his elite athletes who wear his chef. Oh, so fun. Cool. And I would be there as the host, as A world record holder. Yeah. As a world record holder. Two times. Two times. Two times I, I would just be there as a host and having fun. And all we would do is play golf. And he would have competitions.


He would set us up in different groups. They could be eight or nine groups with 10 athletes per group. And he was like, yo, I want you guys to create a new shoe and tell us what you think it is. And whatever group wins, we'll get a pair of Jordan's from Jordan one all the way up to whatever year we're at, that at that time. Every single pair. Every single pair. And whatever color scheme that you want. Oh my God. On, see, I wore these just for you. I know. There You go. I got those too. So my team fucking lost. But the fact at that time, it was like 30 pair of JS that you could get in your colorway That's 15,000 bucks or 30,000 bucks worth of shoes. Yeah. So we've become cool. But what really made us cool, they opened the Cove Hotel in The Bahamas at Atlantis.


Yes. So this was 20 years ago, 17 years ago, something like that. So they had a big grand opening, and MJ is sitting there. We're in a restaurant, Stevie Wonder's birthday, all kinds of celebrities there. 'cause it's a huge opening. We're in Bobby flas restaurant. And so I walk over to MJ and I was like, oh shit, there's mj. And I've never met him before. I was like, I gotta talk to him. So I'm talking to my ex-wife, I'm like, Hey babe, I'm gonna go talk to mj. So I'll go see MJ. And I say, Hey, mj. Hey man, just wanna say it's a pleasure to meet you. And I was like, I hear you're a domino player, and I brought your dominoes with me. I have this red player of aluminum Jumpman dominoes that I got at NBA All Star in Vegas from a brand Jordan party.


And he looked at me, he said, did I give you those motherfuckers? I said, no, you didn't. And he was like, how did you get 'em? I said, well, I consider myself to be the MJ of Bones, but you Know, That's beside The point, nor there, I'd like to play with you. Yeah. And he turns to my ex-wife and says, okay, look here, man. I suggest you go to the bank and take out as much money as you can, because once I whip his ass, he won't have enough money to take care of you and your children. You're smart. You ensnared him in competition. Yeah. And She's like, I'm not gonna let him play you for money, but this is what he do. And he was like, meet me at the Cabana tomorrow at noon.


Oh, Oh, Damn. I was like, this is great. All right. This is crazy. So I'm swimming in the ocean with Patrick Ewing. Sure. This is why. Why? When Knows you Vegas. My ex-wife comes running up to me, baby, baby. I was like, what? She said, mjs at the cabana. And I was like, yo, pat, I gotta go. So I get out, dry off, I run upstairs, grab the dominoes, and before I leave I see a camera sitting on the table. And I said, babe, grab the camera. I take a picture. So she grabbed the camera and this is my first time meeting MJ and I'm hanging with him. Yeah. So we get to the cabana, it's Ahad, Rashad, mj, and then MJ brought somebody to play Domino's with us. Right? A ringer. Yes.


And so we're there. Ahmad's not playing. Ahmad's just sitting there with his legs crossed, just looking as we're talking shit and having fun. And I'm just timid. I'm not talking shit. I'm just enamored with MJ and he's beating me. Yeah. I rarely lose in dominoes. And he's beating me, but I don't give a fuck that. He's beating me. I'm like, he's on the back of my dominoes like this. And I, I'm playing next Memphis. You wanna look at the list of people who have lost to Michael Jordan? Yes. It's a good list. In a moment. Even better, a list of people who beaten Michael Jordan. So I'm playing with him and he's talking shit. And my wife looks at me and says, yo, you just gonna let him keep talking shit to you like that? And I was like, shit. But he says something that gets me Razzled Razzled.


I was like, fuck this. I'm gonna stop playing timid. I get Domino. We're playing the one 50. Jordan has 1 25, his buddy has 75, I have 45. Ooh. And I get the domino and I look at him and I was like, yo, mj. I said, this is gonna be the hardest 25 points you ever had to score in your life. Just know that This is so scary. Scary. Now I'm outta my shell. Now I'm like, yo, fuck this. I ain't gonna have this motherfucker whoop my ass. I play Domino now. I'm talking shit. Oh yeah. I'm talking cash shit to this motherfucker. Oh yeah. And he's giving it back. Just send your Wife to get money Outta the bag. Mind laughing. Oh. I'm like, yo, baby, go get the money.


Go get the money. I'm feeling it. Money's On. My mind is laughing. Fucking MJ is talking shit. And then we're sitting there and boom, I say some shit and I win. Right. He's like, run it back. I was like, okay, motherfucker, let's go. So now we're running it back. Now I'm talking shit from the beginning. Now I'm in my element and I'm boom, boom, boom. Talking shit about him, his mama, his daddy, his kids, all this shit. And then I'm whipping his ass and I'm whipping this motherfucker's ass. And then I was like, yo, I wish me and my wife could make babies right now. Because we would go upstairs and make a baby right now.


And we would name him or her mj, just so when he or she got older, she could say, daddy, why did you name me MJ and I could relive this moment right now? Bam. Damn. Motherfucker won the game. His security comes outta the cabana. There's a DJ on the pool, the dj scratches the record, stops the music. The fucking hotel security comes out. The people that are swimming in the, because it's the opening. It's the great opening of this huge fucking hotel in The Bahamas. Everybody stops and turns towards us. Don't worry. I just whoop Michael Jordan's ass and dominoes. He all right though.


We good? He still got the shoes. You good? Oh wow. And I try to have my lady take pictures of it. The motherfucker will refuses to take pictures with me. Yeah. Now I have to find these pictures. 'cause I have pictures of this motherfucker just looking just like this and me sitting there smiling. But he refused to take pictures with me. And then we're on this island for the next three days for the celebration of the opening of this hotel. So there're dinners, there's parties, there's everything that we're going to, there's golf. We're taking group pictures. Every group picture we take, he kicks me out of He's so mad at you. There's any human that hate, hates Losing.


I know. I happily would leave. Sure. The picture. Just so I could, it's a badge. Share the story as to why MJ is asking me to get out the photo. Exactly. It's wonderful. It's the dream. I called radio stations. I talked about this on the news. I talked about it on talk shows As Bright Jordan. Last dance, telling this Story. Exactly. I talked about all this other shit. 'cause nobody can really, only a few people, hold on. Is it Lionel? Nope. It's not Lionel. Only a few people can say they beat Jordan one on one or some whatever the fuck it's Yeah, I can say that.


And we laugh about it to this day. Fuck That is. And he came around to you. You aimed for the fence. Oh yeah. Like I'm gonna show you my whole self and you're gonna like it or not. Yeah. Mj, I love you man. And I know people who listening are gonna tell you this story. I didn't bring this shit up. They brought it up. That's true. But I'm gonna talk about it every chance I get. Okay. G 20. Yes. G 20 comes out April 10th streaming on Prime video. Viola Davis Academy Award winner. Fuck All that. She's an ego. Is She an ego? She's an ego. She Deserves to be. Fuck Yes. A lot of people say she has an ego. I was like, no, she doesn't have an ego. She is an ego. There's a difference. Had you known her before this movie? I had known her before. We lived near each other.


Hold on that Lionel must not Lionel. We've always had an admiration for one another and a B, C together. You know, her show and my show. So I just always had love for her and she always had love for me. And I get a call, Hey Viola, once she was her husband, not come read this, come do this. I had a meeting with the director and the director was like, I've never cast a movie like this before. I've never had someone tell me that this is who they want. This is my husband. Yeah. And I was like, wow. Really? Yeah. That's awesome. And so that's how it all began. So She's the US president. You're the first man. You guys go down to South Africa for the G 20 summit and you bring your kids. Yes. And then it's diehard.


Yeah. So there's some bad guys. Tony Starr, who I fucking love from the boys. Do you watch the Boys? We have a table read. 'cause we shoot this entirely in Cape Town for six months. And I was like, who the fuck is this dude with this Australian accent or this New Zealand accent? And I was like, I kind of like him. He's cool. And we shoot the movie. He kicks my ass, I kick his ass. I am home. Nine months later I'm doing some A DR. And our director, Patricia, it was like, yeah, Anthony, the movie's looking great. We got this great buzz from Tony and his show. I was like, what show's Tony on? First off, when we were doing scenes together, she would say, Anthony, and we would all turn to her and be like, huh. Right, right. And she says, oh, lemme do this. I'll call you by your name Anthony Star.


So every time she was an Anthony Star, I would say, huh, because you're a Star. I'm A star. And I and I, Anthony and I have no idea who the other southern motherfucker is. Right? Yeah. So I was like, she's talking to me. And she said, no, that's his name. I was like, oh my bad. So that still became my running joke. So she was like, yeah, Anthony Star. You know he has a show with the boys. I was like, who the fuck is he on the boys? I watch the boys all the time. I was just watching it before I came here. Yeah. See Superman. I was, get the fuck outta here. Because he just looked so different. We were doing press all day yesterday. I told him, I would say, Hey Tony, I had no idea you were who the fuck you Were Homeland. Yeah, he's Homeland. Homeland. That's it. I said, I had no idea who the fuck you were when we were working together, Even though you're a fan of the boys. Yes. That is so funny. And he said, what?


I was like, dog, when I watch you on the boys, you're seven feet tall to me. Motherfuckers. Yeah. You are a fucking superhero. I was like, the way you are on that motherfucking show, it's not you. Right. That's not who I work with Mirror. Right. And he was like, yeah, man. Yeah. Outta context. And it's a testament to who he is as an actor, What he does on the the boys. The fact that that dude doesn't want an Emmy. I mean, what he is doing on the boys is the bad guy. And you feel bad for him sometimes. Yes, you Do. It's like when I saw Fela on Broadway and I went backstage to meet the cast and I was looking for the dude that played Fah and I forget his name, but I'm talking to him and as I'm talking to him, I keep looking behind him and Looking around Trying to find him, trying to find a dude before he leaves and shit.


And then I realized it's him. And then when I left I was like, Oh my God. Yeah. 'cause he was a small demure dude. But as Fela on stage, this motherfucker was larger than the fucking theater that they were in on Broadway. But when I went to meet him, he's just a regular dude. And I was like, this motherfucker's phenomenal. Yeah. He's a magician. That's how I feel about Anthony Stark's as motherfucking homeland on the boys. So yeah. It looks fucking awesome, by the way. It is. The trailer is outrageously good. Viola and I are ex-military. And it's an big action film. You know, terrorists take over the G 20 Global Summit that we're at, we end up kicking ass and getting our ass kicked throughout the film. Ooh. Yeah. She's doing a ton of ass kicking. Wait till you see it. You're gonna be like, God damn. She an action star.


She Is. It was amazing to be a part of and amazing to watch. Well Anthony, I adore you. I have so much fun when I get to be around you. Yeah, this was great. We didn't get Lionel, but that's all right. I know Miracle. Yeah. TBD, You'll let us know if he calls you back. I'm gonna call him again, see if he's gonna pick up again. He's really gonna be worried. Yeah. Let see. Did he send a text? Nope, he didn't send a text. You see how many he had to scroll through in the last two hours? I'm gonna call again. Hold on. Yeah. Let's see. Let's see if Lionel Richie's gonna pick up do. He never picks up the phone. Now He's earned the right not to pick up The phone. I've phone only spoken to him on the phone maybe twice in all, all the years that I've met him, You had the third time to be Why? But I know where he lives. I know where he works. Your call has been forwarded to voicemail.


Odd person You're trying to reach. This motherfucker saw this call and sent me the voicemail. I only ranked three times. Oh, It only ran the middle of, okay. Oh, Hey man, you better be shooting the voice right now, lion. Now Richie, I'm still doing this podcast two and a half hours later. I don't know how the hell Dax Shepherd got me fucking do this podcast for two and a half hours. Only supposed to be for 40 minutes. But we're still trying to reach you And we're not gonna end this interview until we talk to you. Lionel, please call me back and not let outta the room until you call Back. I love you lying. Now. Well, we've done all we can. We've done all that. That can be Done. We Really have. We really have. You know, we're gonna do a fact check for this episode next week or in a couple weeks.


So by then we'll probably have called you back and you can relay what Happens. We'll see. Yeah. See what happens. We'll see, I, I did that with Oprah on Jimmy's show once and she picked up, she didn't pick up. No, I We can't. I don't wasted my calls. Yeah, Exactly. No, no, no, No, no, no. There are only a certain amount of calls people like that pick up from you. That's Right. Even selfishly for me, I don't want that bridge to be burn on my behalf. Anthony, adore you. Thanks for coming. Thank you. Nice meeting you, mark. Yeah, very nice to meet you. Pleasure. This was so fun. Stay tuned for more armchair Expert. If you dare.


We are Supported by Liquid iv. Hmm. I love an electrolyte. You know this. I was banging some liquid IV on my bus trip back because I was drinking so many sodas and everything as I tend to do coffee sodas. And I was like, you know, I need some deep hydration. Yes you Do. And I just filled up a little water bottle with it, pounded it and felt incredible. It tastes good too. Yes. Liquid IVs formula powered by LIV Hydroscience is sugar-free, delicious. And is clinically studied to maintain hydration better than water for up to four hours. There are a ton of flavors, so you're sure to find something that's right up your alley. And many of the flavors are sugar free and still taste great. That's my jam. Sugar free. Break the mold and own your ritual. Just one stick of Liquid IV gives you three times the electrolytes than the leading support drink. And there's eight essential vitamins and nutrients. It's always non GMO, vegan, gluten-free, dairy free and soy free. Give yourself the power of extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code Dax at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with Code dax@liquidiv.com.


We Are supported by Vital Proteins. Collagen has become popular for helping your skin look useful and collagen can help with that. But it's about more than just appearance. Collagen can help you move better too. After 30. Loss of collagen is one of the reasons your bones and joints don't move like they used to. By taking Vital Proteins, collagen peptides daily, you can help support your hair skin. Now, bone and joint health, it's one quick addition to your daily routine to help you look and move your best. And when something catches on like collagen has, there's a lot of different options and it can be hard to know which brand to try. Well the folks at Vital Proteins didn't just hop on the bandwagon. They're experts in this stuff. That's why Vital Proteins is the number one brand of collagen peptides in the us. Get 20% off by going to Vital proteins.com and enter promo code DAX at checkout. That's Vital proteins.com promo code DAX for 20% off. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


We are Supported by Quince one day. It's cool. The next, you're sweating through your clothes. That's how you know it's time to switch things up. Quince is gonna have exactly what you're looking for as we move through spring lighter layers, better fabrics and prices that don't make you think twice. I've been in the market for shorts, short sleeve shirts, I'm getting prepped. Monica and Quince is the place. It's Time to do a little refresh. This is such a good place because it's a really good price, but it's really good quality. Super high quality Quince is all the things you actually wanna wear. Like organic cotton, silk polos, European linen, beach shorts, DDD and comfort pants that work for everything from backyard hangs to nice dinners. Quince keeps prices down by working directly with top artisans and cutting out the middlemen, giving you luxury pieces without the crazy markups. In this economy, making the most of your dollars is a priority. Quince gets that. Elevate your closet with quince. Go to quince.com/dx for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's QUIN ce.com/dx to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/dax.


He isn't our care expert buddy makes mistakes all the time. Thank God. Monica's here. She's gotta let him have the facts. You have to pretend this is gonna be a big challenge. Okay. You have to do your best acting of your life. You have to pretend you don't know. I wore this outfit yesterday. Great outfit. Oh really? Good job. Moving on. Next thing we're on the wrong set. There's some cheesy things. Is That a new outfit? I really like it. I was wearing well now. You're so good. Wow, this is really good. Now I'm convinced you didn't see me yesterday. I saw you.


I see you. There are some corny sayings on sets. Yeah. Some of them. I like 'em. Which one's your favorite? So If you're like filming your filming four scenes that day and you're gonna be in Crosby's bedroom and then the next scene's gonna be in the living room. You like do the scene, they yell, cut. You don't really know what they're saying at the monitor. Are we gonna go again? Yep. Do we get it right? And then occasionally eighties will go, okay, we're on the wrong set. That means we did it. It's time to leave the bedroom that's sexy and go to the next set. And I like that one. My favorite. Yeah. My favorite set term is martini shot. Oh sure. That's the last shot of the day.


And do you know the origin of that one? They'd probably get martinis. I think specifically Hitchcock would always have a martini During the last shot of the day. During the last setup. Yeah. Yeah. So if you're, if you're like checking in, if you have friends who are on set and you're like, how much longer do you have? We're on the martini. We're on the martini. Yeah. Is like what you wanna hear. I have a bit of anxiety about this fact check. I know this Is so much to get through. We have A lot to get through, but we ha we we can't do it all today. Okay. You just have to take, you just have to have peace. Okay. Just you, I hope people are patient with me. If there's multiple Hawaii updates, you know, Over time Over that they're being leaked out. Yeah. Yeah. Because You had a trip.


We both had trips. I had, I have a big people think I went to New York. I'm trying. Yeah. That didn't get through, right? No. Yes. Okay. Right. You did not go to New York. Yes. I had a trip planned for New York and Then White Lotus People. Yeah. 'cause we, we had a whole conversation about Buddhism and I said, oh no, what am I gonna do? I'm about to go to New York. That's not a place for me to be. Very Buddhist. Yeah. And you said you should be Buddhist when you get back. Yeah. And I, I first delayed my trip a day. Yeah. And I was like, I just need to get my work done and then I'll feel good. I'll feel ready to go. Yes. And then I, I still didn't and I canceled my trip.


And you know what's interesting is when you announced that to me at first I was like, I didn't like it for you. Yeah. Because I, I was worried your anxiety got the best of you. Like you had some anxiety and I di I wanted you to have that fun trip. And I know you love New York. Yes. I the most. But now on the other side of it, I think you listened to yourself. I did. And it was the right thing to do too. It was too. And you still had your spectacular trip with Ka I Had a little girls trip with Callie. Couple day trip. That was that. Yes. We will, you will talk about over the next 10 weeks. Yeah. Over, over Q ending Q2. Yeah. That was so, so delightful and fun. And that was already on the books. I was gonna do both. And it just felt, it didn't feel, I just knew.


I was like, it's not right. I'm not supposed to go Yeah. Run around the city for the next four days and I just need to like, need for a little bit. Would you, are you so selfish that you would've preferred that the flight crashed on the way to New York? Just so you could say, Oh my God, I knew how Dick, I knew not to take that flight. No, absolutely. I bet there's someone that's bad enough. I That's really, it's as bad as it gets. That's as bad of a person. If you have that thought, I'm not judging Right. Because the Buddhist don't do that. Right. But you need to get some help. You need to get yourself into therapy right quick. Well, you would definitely, if you canceled the flight and then you saw in the news it crashed, you would have an enormous burst of gratitude relief.


Yes. Yes. But not like, oh, you wish I knew it. And the dark. Oh, I might, okay. Uhoh. I wonder, I wonder if there would be a part of me that's like, Oh my God, I have powers. Yes, you would. Yeah. Everyone would you, well, you wouldn't, I don't know that you'd say you have powers, but you'd say, well now I have to really take seriously that the universe sends me signals. Yeah. And I need to listen. Remember there's a famous actress that I thought of at random And we just got resolution on that last I know week. It was diabetes related. It was Michelle Trachtenberg. Yeah. Very sad. Very, very sad. And it, yeah, it seems like it was a diabetes complication, which I hate to do this.


This seems really flippant, but that's a ding, ding, ding. Oh No, I know. Because this is for Anthony Anderson. Oh. And he's diabetic and we talk a lot about it and how complications are really serious. Yes. Diabetic. I just sent Aaron ding ding ding. I just sent Aaron. There is a, a remix, a DJ made a mix of the diabetes commercials. Oh wow. And it's pretty good. And maybe I'll play it later at some point in this, Speaking of something else bad, I'm sure you heard about Eric Dane, That he has A LSA Ls. Yeah, I've, I've seen him. It's heartbreaking. That's so Sad. That's in the news now. Yeah.


I figured he might have known from meetings, but like Yeah, No, it really breaks my heart because when he was here, obviously his, he told us, well he didn't know what it was yet. Right. I know his, his arm was kind of atrophy and he thought he had a virus. He seemed specialist. Yeah. I that and yeah, it's a real fucking bummer. It really breaks my heart. I hate it. I know, I know. Yeah. Did you say anything about the pope yesterday? The Pope died. I thought it was today. Oh God. You know. No, I meant jinxing his death. Huh? I meant did you jinx his death? Oh, oh, oh, no. Well, kind of. We had David Sedera song. Oh. And we were talking about the Pope.


Although he was already quite ill at That time. Time he'd already been hanging on by a bit of a thread. Oh no. But it, so he, he died on Easter Today. He died. Yeah. He made it through the rising, I Guess if I were a pope, I, and I had him my way and they said, you're gonna die this month. Yeah. I'd like to go on Friday. On Good Friday. On Good Friday when Jesus Died. When Jesus, yeah. Passed. Passed. You say passed. Excuse Me. A Passed. Be respectful. Yeah. So then you're That's a lot of doom and gloom though. Sorry. But this is life. Life is happy and sad all at once. You're right. You're right. You're right. Alright. Okay. Let's, okay. We can move on to something happy. So I did take my trip.


Yes, you did. I took my Lincoln Delta and I Hawaii eight days. Yeah. You did a, you did a solo trip with your girls. The headline is incredible trip. Great. I I'll remember it. I'll be on my deathbed and I'll go I did that. I'm proud of you. Okay. So that's interesting. So you gotta Say and anyone like that, but no, I don't, I'll tell you why. Why it's okay to like it. Yeah. Or why I think it's okay to like it because I was talking with a friend from AA and there are things in life that give me esteem, self-esteem. And there are things that take away self-esteem. Yes. And so, and, and they're, you know, they're pretty correlated with challenge.


Sure. Right. Sure. But, but it was, it was just an incredible trip. It had definitely had its challenges. I might have been a little naive. Okay. Okay. And I wrestling with that. What were you Expecting? What were you expecting? Okay. Because this is an expectations lesson as well. I guess I was misled because when Kristen has gone away to film, which has happened throughout the child, their childhood, it always goes really well. I do very well with the two of them by myself. Yeah. And I was underestimating like we have our routine. They go to places. They're, they're in their house. They can separate. Yes. And so I was a little naive and I've taken interests with them solo. Yes. And those are always Yes. Individually and Those are truly kind of effortless and fun.


Yeah. It was just like being with a buddy. But this was, you know, there were days where one of them was mad at the other Sure. For the whole day. The first few days. And I started getting a little, a little nervous. Yeah. And then I was, and this is kind of funny, this is one of the, of the many stories. So my mother would have, I know what she would've done 'cause she did it many times. We'd be on a vacation, we'd be acting like assholes. And also give me so much fucking respect for my mother's whole single Parenthood, Single parent, three kids. Oh my God. God bless. Laura Lebo. I sent her a message going, you know what, I need to just tell you, you're, you're a warrior and I admire you. Yeah. But her move was, guys we're going home tomorrow morning.


Oh. There were a lot of those speeches. There Were threats. Yes. And by the way, they weren't threats. They weren't empty Threats. My, my mom, I must said my wife Boy, very Freudian split My mom. We had some rules in the house. There was no begging period. Yeah. And you already know this about me. She did not play begging. And there we left many a places where we had put a lot of effort into it and we had driven there and we didn't get our shit together. She said, this happens again. We're, we're going home. And we did. Oh. She, she never made empty threats. Wow. So I'm remembering, like, first of all, I am feeling that. I'm like, I'm, I'm gonna tell them we're going on. We're going, we're gonna go home.


And then I'm saying, you must, you must do a little, you must grow a little bit from what you were given. Okay. Yeah. And so it was a moment where it was like we tried to go snorkeling. Maybe the third attempt. One of them always had a thing. I got stabbed by a sea urchin. Yeah. And it was another failed attempt. And then the fight. And then I was, I was, in my head, I'm like, I'm telling we're gonna go home. And then I'm like, I'm gonna meditate. I'm gonna sit on this lawn chair and I'm gonna meditate. 'cause I want to be the best version of myself. Yes. And I am gonna confront this. Yeah. I also, I am not gonna have five days more of fighting. Yeah. But I gotta do it in a very healthy way. And I'm, I'm about 12 minutes into my 20 minute meditation. And while I'm meditating, I hear a blood curdling screaming.


And I'm thinking, I'm like, oh fuck some, some parents gotta, Oh no. Write Someone's deal with something. And then the scream's getting louder and louder and louder and louder until it's obviously five feet from me. Oh. And I open my eyes and I look and my sweet little delta is fucking covered in blood. Like, I don't even know where to begin to guess. That is So scary. Yes. And she has at least four hotel employees trailing her. 'cause they're obviously scared for her. Yep. God knows what liability fears they're having. Oh yeah. They want us to go in an ambulance to be, you know, I mean virtually they want us to be as safe as humanly possible.


But I know my delta, what she needs immediately is everyone to leave. Yep. Yep, yep, yep. Because that's, she doesn't like that Embarrassment would hurt more than Right. The attention hurts. She got that from me. She got that from you. So you know, it's okay. Come here. You know, trying to get a calm, calm, calm. Are you looking for where the Blood? No, I know. Right now we need to like, we need to go from 15 to 10 so that I can then say, okay mama, let me, let me take a look and just see what we're dealing with. So as it turned out, it was just a lip, but it was good enough that as she was screaming and crying, it was like on her arms and whatever. I knew it was serious. But also you never really know. Right. Because they, they all, they kind of have this reaction to most injury.


So you were scared? I wasn't scared. Really? No. I'm like, this is an emergency level trauma. The bleeding has stopped. Right. We don't need stitches. But you Weren't worried about like a hemorrhage. I wasn't, no. You weren't Watching enough er, But okay. Yeah. Had I just done the, or the pit 35 hours of the pit in the hour maybe. And we get her all calmed up. Now. This is where I'll give Dee money a lot of credit as the next few days wore on. And especially day three after this thing, I'm looking at her on the sunshine. I goes, sweetheart. Well, and she told me, she goes, daddy, I didn't even put my hands out. Yeah. She fell, she slipped on the concrete next to the pool.


And she said, I didn't even put my hands out. Which I kind of was like, I bet she put 'em out a little bit. She's not lying. No, she didn't. She fell directly on her face. So a few days later she had a black and blue cheek. Black and blue chin. She whacked her face so bad. She sad any who I did make this speech, it was a very gentle version and everyone got their shit together kind of. It was a big turn. Okay. We still had stuff. Sure you're gonna have stuff. Oh, you're gonna Have Stuff. But there was a reset and I really appreciate it. What did you say? I said, it is very hard for me to be on this trip with one of you really mad at, at any given time.


One of you is very, very mad. And I said, and I want to be able to take you on these trips if mom's working. And I have to be honest, next year comes around. If it continues like this, I'm not sure I'm gonna take this trip again. Now we're going home. Still a threat. I don't know. People probably think that was bad parenting, whatever. They did hear, oh, we're not entitled to these trips if we act like assholes. Yeah. He's saying I can't, I'm basically saying I can't handle it. Yeah. Okay. So that, that's a great reset. Let's not even talk about just single parent this sunblock routine when you're in ho Hawaii because this is like every 40 minutes. I gotta slither their whole body. My almost my full time. I'm glad you did it. Oh, I did. I'm like, if I bring 'em home, Sunbird. Yeah. That's a, that's a wrap. That's hard to defend that one. Yep. We go to dinner that night and I'm, I'm now feeling, I'm feeling like a failure.


I'm like, I should be able to coordinate some kind of peaceful, fun. We're in paradise at a beautiful hotel. You know, it should be in quotes. In quotes should be. And so I am, I'm not gonna blame a 12 and a 10-year-old. I'm like, I'm not managing something correctly. And I was so relieved that as we were at these dinners, we were eavesdropping. And I want to tell you shit's going down on all family vacations. Of course. That was comforting. That's standard family vacation. People fight. You think you're gonna go go to paradise and everyone's gonna be so grateful the whole time. That's not what happens. That's not how it works. No. You're in a smaller space. Yeah. You have to compromise on schedules way more.


And you get what you sell. When I went on my girls' trip Yes. You and Cali. Yeah. We went, we went to Napa Wine country. If you don don't know, went to wine Country. Yes. California And, and Food country. Well, exactly. And turns out shopping country, a little bit shopping country. They had some really cute shopping. We were just there for two nights. It was a quick trip. But we did so much and we stayed at the a Dole. I don't know if that's how you specific I Love, I love a hotel that I can't pronounce. Oh yeah. And I love an Aber hotel. That's a, that's a line of hotels.


I've talked about the one in Awesome. Before Commodore Perry. Yeah. Very cool. Gorgeous. Very cool. We have visited you there. Yeah. Yeah. And it's beautiful. And this one was ex it was so stunning and exquisite. And well They got, they got my attention because they lent you guys Exactly. An electric gwa. Well they, not us. They have that, They have a lot, a fleet of Mercedes, different Mercedes that they loan out to the guests. Yes. You just have to like, you know, sign a waiver and you can take it out. Yeah. In wine country. I know. Which is a little like, wow.


I was like, this is so nice. 'cause it's because things are a bit, things aren't like five minutes away from each other. You'd have to drive a little bit. Yeah. And, and it's a pa like to Uber everywhere or to have a driver. So, and we only did one winery, so we weren't like bopping around from winery to winery. But anyway, it was such a nice amenity. Yeah. And I did feel, 'cause she, she's and I urged you to make the car. The car will do a 365 degree turn like a tank. Yeah. And I really wanted you guys to do that. And you said you might find a parking lot. Yeah. And try it. And then you told me you didn't, We didn't have time. Didn't Have time. We didn't have time. She definitely had time to do a 360, but I understand. Well we didn't have time for that. Okay. But it was, we were like excited to try the gwa.


Callie drove it and Yeah. Did you like it? She did a great job. And turns out there were a couple, well I ran into many arm cherries on the trip and I, again, everyone was so incredible. One, one, I had a kind of regretful and encounter with, not regretful, but we and I were in the little like shopping area St. Helena. And we went into this little coffee shop just to get a coffee. And we were waiting for the coffee. The place was pretty crowded, but like, we didn't think that much of it. We were waiting for the coffee and there was an arm cherry sitting there and she said, Hey Monica, you know, I love the show, whatever. And she, and I was like, oh, are you, are you from here?


And they weren't, they were I for, oh God, I'm sorry, I forget. I wanna say Chicago. That sounds right. 'cause of Rob. Yeah. And they, and she was like, no, we're just on this trip. Gotta had to get the English muffin. And I was like, yeah. And she like kind of pointed to her food a little bit, but I didn't really know what she was talking about. But of course, well I would've thought, oh, this place is known for their English muffin. I better get one. Well, yeah, but it didn't, I wasn't getting that vibe. I was just like, oh. Oh, okay. Yeah. And then I did feel embarrassed because I should know. Yeah.


I should know about English muffins and Sure. Fancy foods and stuff. So anyway, I ran out of there as fast as I could. Okay. And then Covering your head and shame. The next day when we were about to, when we were leaving the morning when we took out the G Wagon. Yeah. We went to Ville, which is the food area. Sure. Where French Laundry is. Yeah. All these other bouchon, all these things. The person working at the front desk, Phoebe. Oh, there We go. All this. And I'll circle back to Phoebe. Okay. She, she told Callie that there was a place in Ville known for their English muffins and that we should go and it was called like mini, according to Callie mini mod. But I don't know if that's right. She got it right. Yeah.


So we go there and then we're in line and C was like, oh, I think that coffee shop we went to was just mod, like this is a version of that. Like a sh another little small version. And I was like, this makes total sense with the arm Cherry was saying about, So I was right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So anyway, this armchair was in the know. Apparently it's like Oprah's favorite English weapon. Oh wow. And it was insane. It Was, Oh my God, it was so good. Poor Callie. She's gluten free. She has celiac, so she couldn't have it. Yeah. Did she even play the game in her head? Like, oh, sourdoughs got less? No, she didn't even make 'em. She Said, she said when she was looking at it, she was like, if I was going to cheat, she's like, which I never would 'cause it's not like mine.


Yeah. And a lot of People I can live with my Yeah. She'll be on the ground. Yeah. Yeah. She's like, that might be, that would be the one. Even though she's not gonna do it anyway. She got some for Max. Max loved them. Oh he did. And he's a chef for people who Don't know. Exactly. He's a chef. So this all circles back. Right. Okay. This is relevant because when we first got to the hotel, there was a two like freshly batched cocktails. Ah. With my name and Callie's name. Yeah. And they were called Cherry on top. Yeah. And I was like, is this a weird sim? Is it a wink Or is it a wink? Yeah. Is it a sim or is it a wink?


I don't know. But I don't wanna like You, you, you wanna mind your ego Not A Exactly. I was like, I think it's, I don't think so. Get Yeah, get over yourself. Yeah. But it had like These word cherry existed before your podcast. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. And it had two little cocktail glasses with two like cherry. It was so, so cute. And also the cocktail was incredible. Oh you could, you text Burt. Oh fuck. I gotta text Burt. You Need to, I need to text. I guess it'll be a three-way text. But He dmd me, Bert er. Oh he did Burt er. Anybody. He's not allowed to be on a text with a woman, which is hilarious. He's, I Have to read this song, So I have to be on any communication between the two of you. You do. What would be incredible is you guys did start a huge affair and it was just in front of me and I'm like, well I don't know how this helped.


Now I just have to observe this whole thing. What if, because I was there, he was felt free to just go Nuts. Yeah. And say so much dirty shit. Yeah. Like I think about your body all the time. What I say it was all the, What dance was on there? It was fine. Okay. Anyways, go ahead. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, when Bert was on this show, we had a whole cocktail conversation. We told each other what to have. He got, I told him to get a bee's knees. He told me to get a shot of Fett And Co. And then also separately a Campari spritz. Okay. Then Jess, Anna and I went to Little Dom's and I did get the Nette. Yes. We all had it. So I posted a picture of this. Right. And you liked it. And did he even responded? Yes. Oh good. He responded. He says, I have to get you drunk on my cooking show.


Lots of exclamation points. Yeah. And then he responded, that sounded creepy. Second, where's Dax? He said that sounded creepy. We have to get drunk on my cooking show, which is very, very funny. Yeah. He's, I like that he's aware of not being creepy. I think that's a great thing. I do too. Any who? So I need to send Bert that cocktail. He'll love it. Yes. But anyway, so I was like, well, maybe it was a wink, but, but probably not. Probably just something sweet They do. Yeah. And still I That could be the case. Yeah. But then there was this cute little card they wrote, and I didn't really understand it at first. Yeah. 'cause there were two hats for Cali and I that they had given us.


Yeah. And then there was a little note that said something along the lines of, here's some hats so you can be in quotes, a new Monica. Ah. And then I forgot that we had just talked about hats on the FactCheck, And I felt, and that you're, and you're a new Monica. I felt Like a new Monica when I wear them. So, so we did have some armed Cherry fans who worked at the, and it was really, really sweet. And I do believe one of them was Phoebe. Okay. Yeah. And she was just so lovely. So I wanted to shout out Phoebe. Oh. And then, oh, yes. Because Callie went to the front. I slept in on the last day. Oh, Good for you. And Callie went to the front and she was doing all these arrangements for the car and the this, and she said, so who did that cocktail?


And then she said, Phoebe got really red. Oh. And then Kelly was like, oh, no, I, she got worried that she felt that you're, she was, I was embarrassed or something. Sure. And so she Said, Monica won't leave the room. That's why she's not here. She's really upset, she's lazy, Upset. Has nothing to do with the fact that she sleeps 12 hours a night. Lazy palm. Yeah. So she, so, and Kelly said, I'm just, it was just so sweet. And we are so appreciative. And it was so nice. Yeah. Monga loved it. That's not why she's not here. Yeah. And then, and Phoebe said, well, we have, we have, there were a few fans who were here. Oh.


And then, and Kelly said, oh, it was just so nice for me because I, you know, I've been around the whole ride and it's just really sweet for me to see that. Yeah. Yeah. And she said, well, she talks about you a lot too. She was like, oh boy. Okay. Have you tried the 360 degree turn in the, I said 365 degree, didn't I? I'm just now remembering. Oh, I remember. That's how many days are in a year. There's only 360 degrees in a circle though. Ooh. How embarrassing. Some gear head's like, fucking Upset. Someone's upset. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


There We are supported by Squarespace. And boy do we have a gorgeous website. I implore everyone to check out. We made it on Squarespace. I, and when I say we, I mean Rob. He did a beautiful job and it was very easy for him to do. So no matter what kind of website you want to build, Squarespace is the perfect partner to get it launched quickly and easily. And their design templates are gonna make your site look incredible too. If you're trying to do some good this year, you can use Squarespace to set up a fundraising site. Let's say you wanted to raise money for first responders or families impacted by the recent fires here in la, you can fundraise directly on your Squarespace website and grow your impact with built-in donation tools. Create a professional on-brand site that makes it easy to accept one-time or recurring contributions, and engage supporters with built-in email campaigns and marketing tools you can connect with your community and inspire more people to support your cause. They're making it easier for you to make a difference. Another reason, Squarespace is a company we're proud to be partnered with. Check out squarespace.com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code Dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's squarespace.com and promo code Dax to get started today.


Okay. I, I, I had to get involved with something and I'm wondering, I think I finally did it right. Okay. And it was one of, it was during one of, but this was post reset. Okay. So this was fine. Okay. We found this like very, very desolate beach. Nobody's there. We pull over, the girls were playing in the thing, then it's time to leave. We're walking back, Delta steps on a thorn. She's barefoot. She then goes and takes a breather. Oh, nice. So now Lincoln and I are just sitting in the car and I'm looking in my rear view mirror, and there's a woman walking with two little kids through this little dirt parking lot. And when I say little, this little boy is like two and a half. Hmm. A little blonde, cute little boy. And I hear, Get away from that Car.


And I look and she grabs him by the neck. Oh no. And drags his little body and I'm gonna get out. Oh boy. This is Complicated, right? Like there's no, I'm not gonna watch this woman do this. Oh, no. It was really, Lincoln saw it too, like I, if I need backup, like it was, well, I trust you. It was, it was abusive, it was bad. Oh God. And then he tries to get free and then she grabs his head again and he falls. And then, and so I roll down the window, I'm about to get out, and then I roll down the window and I go, no, no, no. Gentle, gentle, gentle, gentle. It's gentle, gentle, gentle. But also the subtext is I'm getting out of this car if he don't Oh my God.


And she let go of his neck and said, come on. Then she grabbed his hand and started guiding him, which was an huge improvement. Do You think it was a babysitter? No. You sure? Yeah. The wo the, the woman and the boy looked alike. She was, she looked, she had some hard miles on her. Let's just say that. Grandma. Auntie. No, no. Mom, mom, mom. It was Rough. That's scary. I fucking hate, I Know that there's little people I know who are getting treated like that. I hate It. It's so sad. That's like the woman I saw outside Covell remember? Like being so horrible to her daughter. And I, yeah. I don't know what you're supposed to do. I know.


'cause again, we already talked about it, but it's like, I'm not gonna say anything that's gonna change this woman's behavior for life, obviously. Exactly. Obviously. And in fact, that could probably make it worse. Yeah. And probably she might take it out on the kid. Exactly. And you need to know, however hard you are on me, about my aggressive reactions to things Lincoln, she will not stand for it. I like that. Yeah. It's great. I'm glad she's like that. And she was very approving. Oh, she was. She was. She thought I had done it well. Okay. So I finally did it No way. No. Was mad at me. Yeah. Yeah. Well, what were you gonna do if you got out? Steal him, put him in your car. Drive away. Keep him.


Give him to me. No, but my inclination was to get in front of her face, like so that she knew I'm not asking you to stop doing this. It wouldn't have helped. Well, it would've, she would've, she would've in the moment she would've been afr. Yes. Yes, yes, yes. She would've. But I, I think that will have a negative Yes. Impact later on. If we have any social worker listeners, maybe they can tell us what you're supposed to do. I mean, I really don't know what you're supposed to do. I Don't know either. And then, and I just happen to see a lot of stuff. So I saw this family get in a fight behind us, and it was the way the man was talking to the wife was such a bummer. And she had no, like, she, she went like comatose.


And then she had to leave the table with one of the boys that was pissing the dad off. And then I saw a grandpa grab a phone out of a teenagers. He had that breakfast. It's so white, lotus, and chuck It on the table. And I was like, holy cow. People are handling their business in certain ways. Yeah. And then, and then the anthropologist in me really has to now work through this whole thing where I go like, well, you, you're, you're, you're assuming your way is the correct way. Yep. And clearly people have been raising kids all kinds of way in every kind of culture. Yep. And I, I don't want to be high and mighty and self-righteous. Yes.


Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. It, it's, I know, but there's a lot of shit going down. People are really rough. And, and also also, and also going, and people are having a harder time than me. Right. So that's in the mix. I'm not stretched to the limit. You know, I'm not, I'm not my mom on vacation. Right. It's like I can't afford the vacation we're on. Yes. But I really wanna show my kids the country. What was tempting is to go all these spoiled rich people. But that's wrong. I was at the shitty hotels too. And it was gnarly there too. You know what it is, is it's, it's hard to raise kids. Adam Grant just had a post. You would've loved this. I was debating whether or not to forward it to you, but Adam Grant had another social scientist on that's done all this work.


I'm like, I saw it. If you Saw it, I almost reposted it. Yeah. And it's just in a nutshell, it just says, kids make your life worse. There's like's, like They reduce happiness. Yeah. Now there's stat. Then you get into, though, you get into the Yuval Hara, like your narrative self does feel one way. And whether or not you should be happy all the time, that's what you're always servicing. That's a bigger thing. But it was interesting that the data is absolutely consistent and undeniable. They make your your life wars. Yeah. So, yeah. But I get, but I know for a lot of reasons, it's not just like, Ugh. 'cause they're annoying. It's because there's stress that comes with raising people. Yes. If you, if you care at all.


And they don't act. They don't Act. They don't do what you want them to do. They're not, they Haven't figured it out. If You tell them away to be, doesn't mean they're just gonna listen and be that way. No. Like, it's hard. And people are their worst selves around their family. Yeah. I mean, I was just, I was like thinking about all our vacations when you were talking about yours. And I was like, yeah, we just like yelled at each. I was just so mean. Like, I was just such a brat. And, and you know, I just remember I was going to New York and I wanted to go to Serendipity so bad. The movie? No, the chocolate Shop. Oh, okay. So that, it was the only thing I wanted to do. Yeah. And I brought it up every, it was like, and I was like, we'll go. We'll go. I promise we'll go.


I promise we'll go. And then we go and it's three hour line. And I was like, well, you, you said this. And they were like, we're not doing this. And I was like, oh, my. And I, I like, could not handle the fact that we were not gonna go to serendipity. Yes. And Yes, I look, it's just like, That's where Lincoln and I stuff comes up, is that we have two know-it-alls in the family. Yep. Who gotta make the game plan. Yeah. And of course, like we get, we get to the airport, we take a little tram to the airport, it ends at the terminal. I know that the check-ins inside Lincoln, I read a sign it down there, and I'm like, okay. Okay. Well, and I say even if, even if you're right, it would make the most sense to peek in this one before we walk all the way down.


That's, I read the sign and I'm like, okay, I am seeing that this is me. Like this is what it was like to travel with me. This is what it's like to be around me. Yeah. And I, and I deserve this. Yeah. And they're, if anyone should be able to figure out how to deal with this, it should be me. But I don't know how to, 'cause I'm the same way. And I'm like, there's the idea of me walking to another terminal that I fucking know United's not inside there. Yeah. Which I won't die. You'd rather die. Yeah. Yeah. Again, like I intellectually know I'm not gonna die if that happens, but I am, there's no way I can do that. Yeah. And then I'm like, you know, okay, so we're both this way. I'm 50 and I paid for all this.


Does that not get me the, the the like tiebreaker vote? Shouldn't the parent have the fucking tiebreaker The parent? But not 'cause you paid, that's where, that's where the guy, okay, I'll leave that Out the phone like that guy's that Yeah. You know, he's like, I paid for all this. Yeah. And so everyone better just do what I say. Yeah. That guy I had diagnosed was, I paid for all this. You better be happy nonstop. Yeah. Because That's because this is my vacation. That's what's comfortable for him. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So Lincoln and I, you know, and then it's like, what line do you get in for anything? Lincoln And I have a very strong opinion and it's me. Yeah.


That's what makes it so hard. But it is tricky because like, I know more, listen, I, I am percentage wise, I am Right. More. Well, I am You've had more time on Earth. Yes. Yeah. You, I should goddamn hope at 50. I know a little more about the world than my 12-year-old. Yes. I would hope so too. Now this is where I do think you got, you both you and Kristen are very kind to the kids like you. The fact that that's even a thought. And I mean, I don't have them, but I do know. Yeah. I do know me. That if, like, even if I was with your kids, if Lincoln was like, I saw a sign, I, I would say, I would say, oh, you might be right, but we're gonna do this. Right.


And like, that's it. And that's like, right. But that's not, and she'll be mad at me. That's not gonna work. Well then she's gonna stand there. She's like me. She'll walk. Okay. She'll, she'll literally, like, this is why it's, it's like, it's nuclear assured annihilation. She and I will both, we're both the type of people that will be like, fine, you guys go do it the wrong way. I'm going by myself to do it. Now this is bad, but I'm admitting this to you. I, so I know if push comes to shove, she will walk by herself away from us and go to where she thinks it it is at. So I have gotta prevent that. 'cause she's that strong. And I love it about her. I Know. But that, and when she's Older, I'll be delighted. She Ish. Like there are parts of you as an adult that's like, maybe, you know, I don't know.


We could, we Couldn't work on, we could, we could work on. We're work. We're working on it. We're working on I, we are working on it. And I know, and I know and all to say, I, I was, I was quite proud when I got home of the job. I did. Even though I did things wrong and everything. Sure, sure. I am, I do like who I am. Good. That's Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I, I like who you are. And it's hard sometimes it's hard, But so you never, I mean, you're right. Maybe it just wouldn't work. I tried that way with her for a while. Yeah. And I wanna believe I'm smart enough to go, well, this is what my dad did. And my dad reaped what he saw. I said, fi I don't need you.


Like if I'm gonna, if if to be with you is to surrender to your will, guess what? I don't need to be with you. So I know I had that in me to walk away from him. And I know she has it in her too. And I'm not gonna let that happen. So that's the driving force behind me going, I have to do it differently than my dad did. 'cause I know what the result was. I was, I, look, I, I need her more than she needs me emotionally. That's not because I was there. Not true. No. No. 'cause I was there. I'm like, I don't care. I don't care if I don't talk to my dad for a year, which happened numerous times. That's way easier on me than it was on him.


I'm sure. And if Lincoln didn't talk to me for a year, it would of course devastate me. So I have to be realistic. It's like the thing that Bill Gates' therapist finally told him is, you're fighting an unfair war. Your parents are gonna love you and never withhold that from you. And you can withhold it for them. And it's not a fair war. Yes. That's, and You're gonna win. Whoa. And so that's, that's on the table. So I i, if there's two variables in this equation and one of them has to, to bend, it's gotta be me. 'cause it's, it's not gonna be her. I know. 'cause it's 'cause I was saying why. I know. But what was happening with your dad Yeah. Is different than what's happening with you at the airport. Taking them to the Four Seasons.


Maui. Like for real. So if I'm just saying Yeah. If like she did do that, if she was like, I'm not talking to my dad for a month because he wanted to go one way in the airport taking us on a trip. Yeah. She needs to be straightened out a little bit. But that's not fair. Listen. But I think you have to be realistic about what you're Dealing with. And I, I don't think she would, I don't Think No, she wouldn't. She's not. Yeah. That's My Point. I also hope that she's a girl and I'm a boy. There's something there that's, that, that is helpful that my dad and I didn't, my dad and I had that thing and then mail on mail. So it was like, yeah. You know, it was, and he wasn't around. So I only saw once in a while. That's what I'm saying. Yes. I was such a different scenario. A tell me what the program was and I'm like, according to who, why are you, anyways, You didn't respect him because of what Yeah.


Because of his actions. Yep. So then why would you listen to him if he's saying this thing? I just know, and you've seen it in me. I can, I can destroy myself and another person. Yep. I have that switch. You do. I do. Yeah. And I think I gave it to my beautiful little girl. That's okay. And so I just have to do everything in my power to not be my dad. Yeah. And, and, and surrender. Because I wanna, I wanna be with her and I don't want her to write me off. But can I push back a little? Oh yeah. Yeah. I think you potentially, we don't know.


There's no way to go back in time. Yeah. But you potentially wouldn't have, it wouldn't be such a struggle for you now if you had been practicing since you were 12. If you have been put in the position to really start practicing that skill Yeah. For that long. You've been like, she's better off early starting to understand, you know what, sometimes I'm gonna have to surrender. She does all the time. Yeah. And, and so here's what's great because I don't get in these wars with her. She will come to that. Yeah. She'll calm down. Yeah. And she comes to it. So she has built a lot of trust with me, with you.


If I thought she never corrected her behavior and she was just my way or the highway and fuck everyone. Yeah. And then I don't even care and I don't redirect and I don't feel bad and I don't come say sorry. That's one thing. Yeah. That's not at all what I'm dealing with. Right. It's in the moment. I can have a power struggle with her. Yeah. Or I can have the faith that she will recognize she was being really bullheaded and she'll apologize. Yes. Which is 90% of the time what happens, happens. And I wasn't given that leash. Yeah. My mother did. So my mother knew how to deal with me. Obviously I never had any power struggles with my mom. Right. And Lincoln and Kristen knows how to handle Lincoln in a way that I just, I I I can't. Well Kristen is fine to walk to the other side.


Yep. Exactly. She's Not, it doesn't bother her. And in my defense, Delta has things Yeah. That they just don't bother me. Exactly. And They bother Kristin. Yes. 'cause they're her thing. Yeah. Yeah. But in life, both kids, every person are going to encounter people Yeah. Who trigger that thing. Yeah. And it's good to have practice. Of course. There's two things. And Kristen always is pointing this out to me. And it's very, very true. So there's, there's there. I'm, I'm not saying she's a DHD I'm not saying that she's not been diagnosed with that. I, she, she goes through school just fine. I, she does not have a disorder. She's doing great. But I just had Tim Simon's on mom's car with Aaron.


Oh, nice. And It was so fun. And he got diagnosed very early with A DHD. And he knows a lot about it. And he was telling me some very interesting things about it. One of them is there, there's really common comorbidities with a DHD. One of them is an overactive sense of justice. Like a really like me. Strong. Like it drives you nuts. And then self-abuse when you've aired like self-flagellation. So, 'cause you were so confident. I think that's part of it. It's like there's such a double down that if you're wrong, you can't just be like, oops, because you made a hold to do about Well, that's one of them.


Yeah. But then there's just simple mistakes. Like, I tripped. Yeah. I made a mess. I spilled the thing. I said something and I shouldn't have said it. Those kind of things. Delta can shrug right off those kind of things. Lincoln will ruminate on for a very long time. Like very self punishing. Yeah. So I relate a lot to both of those things. Yeah, Me too. And so I, I know, I know what it feels like. So my, my thing, it's not like I won't listen to authority as much as like if I have evaluated something as unjust, like I'm a human too with a brain too. And we have two different opinions and the, it is unjust that yours just overrides mine.


That was such a hard thing for me. It happened with teachers, it happened with stepdads, it happened with my brother. It was like, we're equal. I don't care that you're older. I don't care that you have a degree. I don't care. Like I'm a human and you're a human and we both are intelligent. And I have one opinion. You have another. And you're telling me I have to let go of mine because what? 'cause you have some status, whether it's age or this or that. That was so painful for me. I'm not excusing it, but I do know it was extremely painful for me. Sure. But you can see now, you just said it. You just said it like 15 minutes ago, that it's objectively true. You having so many more years. Yes. And knowledge and experience in life does earn you that It Does earn.


You does. It does. But it it does. And I'm looking at it from that also mature point of view. Yeah. It's just hard. It's a lot. Yeah. It's hard to, I think it's hard to be a parent. It is. And then, and then on the other side is the reward of it is also it's equally matched. Yeah. Let's see if we can find the thing that Adam Grant says. Oh, Okay. Yeah, yeah. And then I'll find the diabetes song. Oh great. I can't wait. Can't believe you don't wanna hear that. It's easy for me to find because I found it. Of course. I send it to Erin. The last child leaves the house on average. Parents get happier, don't they? The best data suggests happiness increases when the kids leave home and the dog dies.


Uch, you go to some parents and you go, do children make you happy? And parents will say, oh, of course they do. They make me happier than anything else. We know from tons of data that those parents are wrong. That children in fact have a small but negative impact on the happiness of their parents, but their parents don't know it. Those data tell you something about parenthood and happiness. There may be many reasons to have children, but making yourself more happy in the moment is not one of them. Yeah. Really good. Okay, Anthony? So he achieved a Guinness World record by successfully hitting a golf ball 106 feet with the world's longest usable golf Club.


And it's really important people take the time to watch a clip of him doing it. 'cause you're not possibly imagining the golf club being as long as it actually is. Yeah. It's pretty wild how long it is. And it's like curved. Yes. It looks like he is fishing off of a pier. Yes. Yes it does. Yes. It's crazy. And that was in November, 2018. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I don't think that'll be beaten. I don't either. God willing. Okay. The record for the father son pulling fire trucks that was in Coberg. So two Coberg strong men won't be celebrating Father's Day with the fishing trip or ball game this weekend.


Instead, Reverend Kevin Fast and his son Jacob Fast, will attempt to pull two fire trucks. The goal is to set a new Guinness World record for heaviest vehicle pulled by two people. The Saturday June 18th event is a fundraiser for Habitat for Humanity. Oh, That's nice. A cause Reverend Fast became involved in last summer when he pulled a house, 11.95 meters. He Pulled a house. Yes. He's also well known for setting a Guinness World Record in 2009 for pulling a 416,229 pound aircraft in 2009 at CFB Trenton. Oh My goodness. Okay. Does Lionel Ritchie have a room in his house that's a replica of the room?


He originally wrote his music in. Now I don't know about that, but there is an article on Architectural Digest. Okay. About his house. Oh, there is. As for the home's overall mood, what I'm trying to do here is show travel. Says entertainer who all who, who's always on the road. And finally I found a place where I can apply everything I see in other countries. These disparate ideas. He trickles back via photograph sent by email to the masters who pull my ideas together. A team comprising interior designers, Peter Chiffon and Jay Jay, Jonathan Joseph Anna Till's, recent death architect Robert Attri. A case in point of Richie's inspired wanderlust is a subtle palomino hue of the building's exterior.


First spotted on a Cardinal's house he saw on a hilltop in Lake Como. And then there's the high gloss pale yellow Venetian plaster on the walls of the capacious living room. Inspired by Richie's visit to Poland's presidential palace. The mirrored effect of the walls was so beautiful. I had to ask, how do you do this with several layers of paint buffed and polished like a stone. He learned it's not easy to come by, but once it's done, the room can have a single chair and it works. He pauses the things that inspire me. He laughs were done years ago with cheap labor and materials. Trying to recreate them has cost me a bloody fortune. Hmm. Still in this Move, Lionel said. Bloody. Yeah. Okay. Still in this movable feast of the imagination, it's the personal touches that mesmerize a bronze sculpture depicting Richie's hand intertwined with that of his father.


Frame letters from Booker t Washington and George Washington Carver or Richie's grandmother, a faculty member at the tus oh grandmother. A faculty member at the Tuskegee Institute in Alabama where the singer grew up two paintings in the billiard room by jazz trumpeter and pal Miles Davis. The kinetic abstracts. Brilliant, complicated, twisted, and turned in every way. Just like miles are signed on the back to the best. From the best. Mm. With its high ceilings. Dramatic staircases week from, I always Take sign from the best. You can't. No. Well, you can, but you shouldn't. Why can't? You can. I'm not the best at anything. You need to be the best at something to sign the best. You have to be so the best. You have to be Miles, miles Davis.


Yeah. Yeah. He can easily sign that. I think he's the only, it's just a fact. Think he the Only one. No Coltrane could have done it. Eddie Van Halen. There's a bunch of people. No, I wouldn't want, I would brand Ron Van Halen too. Brand Eddie Van Halen With its high ceilings, dramatic staircase of sweeping promenades and international panache. Jordan Richie's manner What Jordan. Jordan could. Yeah. Ding, ding ding. Anthony Anderson story about Jordan. Yeah. Richie's manner House could be anywhere in the world, which is why he planned it. I called the rooms in my house destinations. If I wanna be in a suite in Paris, I go upstairs to the bedroom and close the door. Italy. I walk outside to the stone path bordering the property and look back to see the Cardinal's house.


With my career, I have to get on a plane every other week. So when people ask, where do you go for vacation? I say, I go home. I wanna be a guest at his home. Me too. But also the way he talked about it, we don't know the answer, but Sounds likely. It sounds likely. Okay. When did the police get back together for their last tour? After not being together? They reunited in early 2007 for a world tour, which lasted through 2008. I heard Sting talking about that once on a talk show, and he said it's perfect. He said it was perfect. Within the first 20 minutes of the rehearsal, he and Stewart Copeland were in such a big fight. They were gonna cancel the tour or something like that. He's like, it was directly back to how the band always was. Oh, that's funny. Funny.


Okay. He mentioned Elephant Titus. He said, when all the lower extremities are like one size, now it's, it's called Elephant Isis. Elephant Isis. Elephant Isis. It's not elephant, it's elephantiasis. That's How we like to colloquially say it. Elephant. Elephant of the knot. Exactly. It's a condition characterized by significant swelling, primarily in the legs, arms, or genitals caused by a parasitic infection of the lymphatic system. The swelling is due to the buildup of lymphatic fluid, often leading to a disfigured appearance. Hence the name. Ooh, Ooh, Ooh, ooh. Okay. He was talking about DC so he said that was the murder capital of the world.


Then. Now several countries and cities consistently rank high in homicide rates. It says it's difficult to pinpoint definitively which one, but, okay. So in 2023, Jamaica had the highest homicide rate. Okay. Per capita Homicide at 49.3 per a hundred thousand people. While Ecuador saw a significant increase in its rate to fi 45.1 per a hundred thousand. Within Mexico, cities like Colima and Zamora have been reported to have extremely high homicide rates. Mm. Now as far as the US St. Louis. Okay. Does Anthony have the record for most appearances on Kimmel? Yes, he does.


He does? Yes. Total of 63 appearances. They include guest appearance, hosting. I can't, can't talk. These include guest appearances, guest hosting, and co-hosting. Okay. 63 man who played FELA on Broadway? There's two I. I'm Kevin Mambo is one, and then a name I'll spell. Okay. Okay. First name SAHR, SAR Saher. And then last name N-G-A-U-J-A-H. I'm not gonna try to pronounce it. Okay. Anyway, that's it.


I'm delighted to be back with you. Me too. Yeah. It's been a long time. We have so many stories. We, Too many stories we Have for next week. Good. That we Don't have more time off. It really Is. All Right, love you. Okay. Love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Lamont Jones's world is shattered when his cousin dies in custody just weeks after entering prison. The official report says natural causes, but bruises and missing teeth tell a different story. From Wondery comes Death County pa, a chilling true story of corruption and coverups that begins as one man's search for answers, but soon reveals a disturbing pattern. Lamont's Cousin's death is just one of many and powerful forces are working to keep the truth buried with never before heard interviews and shocking revelations. Death County PA pulls back the curtain on one of America's darkest institutional secrets. This isn't just another true crime story, it's happening right now. Follow Death County PA on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts, you can binge all episodes of Death County PA early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.