
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm Dan Shepherd. I'm joined by Mon Padman. Hi. You're trying it out. It doesn't sound right on you. Well, Not when you do first and last name. Mon Padman. That sounds like Monsour Padman. Hmm. Interesting. Which is pretty cool. Yeah, that is cool. Maybe it is good. Monty Padman. That sounds crazy too. These nicknames when they're in conjunction with your full name, maybe don't work. Okay, that's fine. Yeah. Like DD Shepherd.


Ooh, DD Shepherd. That's that sounds fun. Today is part two of one of our favorite prompts ever. Escaping a cult. This is tough. It's tough out there, but you do do it is. We learned a lot. There's some real through lines. Oh yeah. There's these cults. Some consistencies. Yeah. And it's good to know them. Some patterns. And maybe if you've recognized that one of these things is happening in your life. And if you're a vegetarian, you're in a cult. If you get invited to a vegetarian meal, you're dust. No, but I will say it made me think there's a lot more than I'm aware of. I just stupidly assume I'll see a doc about 'em if they're real. It makes me think you're bumping into people all the time.


That probably were raised in some of these fringy religious cults. Tradition. Yeah. Cults. Oh, I am a pussy Foot in Roundabout. Yeah. Please enjoy cults. Part two.


We are supported by Macy's. Mother's Day is next month devoted arm shares. Note that I adore and love my mom, my sweet, sweet mother. Her episode's one of our most popular ever and we have to get her back on the show soon. So it's important to make moms feel like the stars. They are on Mother's Day, but moms can be so hard to shop for because it can seem like they already have everything they need. Not true. If you're not sure what to get your mom this year, Macy's is a one stop shop to find a gift that will make your mom smile. Macy's has a great selection of clothing, no matter your mom's style. They've got tons of options that'll look great on her from brands like Calvin Klein, Levi's, and Charter Club. And if your mom's into cooking, Macy's has state-of-the-art kitchen appliances from Cuisinart all clad and more that will upgrade the recipes she's been wanting to try. Another favorite buy, mom. Something luxe that she might not think to buy herself. Maybe a signature perfume. That's what I love getting my mom designer cosmetics. Or even some new jewelry. I'm going the cooking route this year. You can't lose. I hope she doesn't listen. She doesn't listen to this, so that's fine. Yeah. But they have such good products. I love all Clad. Me too. Yeah. Shop now at macy's dot com or in store.


We are supported by Liquid iv. If you're feeling run down, have lower energy than usual or getting headaches, did you know dehydration could be contributing to that? Get this. 20 to 30% of older adults are chronically dehydrated. And 75% of US adults don't meet their daily water requirements. If you might be in that statistic, you gotta try Liquid iv. They're small, convenient packs that you mix into water to provide you with long lasting hydration that's gonna help you feel your best. Whether you're crushing a workout or just going about your day to day. You know, all I do is talk about electrolytes. I know. Well, I just love the convenience. So I'm about to go to New York and I just pop in five little packages. Yes. And I barely notice they're in there. And then I just add 'em to my water and I'm straight. Break the mold. Own your ritual. Just one stick of Liquid IV gives you three times the electrolytes than the leading sports drink. And with tons of delicious flavors, you're not only gonna love how you feel, you're gonna love how it tastes too. Give yourself the power of extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code Dax at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with Code dax@liquidiv.com.


Hi, is this Taj? Yes. It's so good to meet you guys. Oh, wonderful to meet you. You're my first Taj. Is this a family name? My real name is Amy. Oh. Oh, okay. And I have a very common last name. And about 10 years ago I decided, you know, there's too many in the world, so I'm just gonna pick a different name. Love that. Oh, I, I love this. You rebranded. My brother and I both have done this. And Did the people around you immediately accept it? Or did you have people that were still calling you Cassius Clay? Well, I live in Portland, Oregon where everybody changes their name. Oh, that's a great place to change your name. But My mom, who at the time was still living in New Jersey, she has passed since then. She freaked out because she was a therapist and the only person that she knew who had changed their name was a schizophrenic patient.


Oh, Okay. So she, she Thought that was a bad omen. She thought that her kids were going cuckoo over here. You know the topic I would love to briefly touch on with you Dax, is improv. Oh yes, please. So I used to be painfully shy and that comes out in the story 'cause it happened just after college. And improv has really changed my life. And it's not that I was ever interested in being in front of the camera, but it's a mindfulness practice and also for helping you be a better human. So I just wondered if you had ever come across that approach to improv. I wanna hear about yours. So someone taught you, and it was taught with the intention of the life practice more than a pursuit. I Actually came across that myself when I was living in Flagstaff.


My next door neighbor was a meditation teacher. I was a lapsed meditator. And you know that old Reese's commercial where two people bump into each other, one has peanut butter and one has has chocolate. Yes. So it was like you got meditation in my improv. No, you got improv in my meditation. So during the pandemic we started teaching mindful improv and meditation using improv games. Okay. Now tell me why you think that's a good overlap. Right outta the gates. I would go like presence is required Listening. Yeah. And you have to let go of your idea because let's say you start a scene with somebody and you think you're in a barn and they say, nurse, hand me the scalpel. Something like that. And you have to just let go right away or else it's gonna be like tug of war and just be present with what is and let go of ego.


And the less you try to be funny. I know you guys know if you're trying to put in the crazy things, it doesn't work. Yeah. There's a spirit of harmony. Totally. And collaboration. It doesn't work. Someone's steamrolling. Okay. I like that. Me too. Alright. I last this episode though is about cults. I Hope it's not an improv cult Well, but as we've already acknowledged, they are cult T. They can be cult t. I wouldn't call them cult. My experience was not with an improv cult. So this takes place in 94. When I was in my mid twenties, I was vulnerable to this because I had just gotten outta college a couple years before I was just lost. I had been really successful in the structure of college.


I was so shy, I just had no idea how the world worked. So I was looking for something to latch onto. So one day I saw a sign at a bookstore saying they were having a meditation class. And I went and it was in this little room above the bookstore. And it turned out I was the only student. It was me and this teacher. We did the meditation for a bit, and then he turned into my therapist for that day. And that was very attractive. Someone would listen to me and he told me about his teacher who was gonna be giving this free vegetarian dinner at a fancy restaurant downtown Boston. They Always get you with the vegetarian dinner. We had somebody else on talking about this. If someone offers you a vegetarian dinner, just run. Well, maybe not run, just so you know. No, you run.


He said his teacher was named Rama. To describe Rama a little bit, he's this tall guy with a jro, as we say in my background, blondish hair, very kind of awkward, but also very, very confident that pulls people in, But not Indian. 'cause you said his name was No, Well, his chosen name was Rama, and I think I can share the real name 'cause it's all over the internet. The story has come out about him. It was Dr. Frederick lens. I don't know if you guys have ever heard of him. Uhuh? No. But a doctor. Oh, He had a PhD in literature and then he chose from then on to call himself doctor, which is already a little shady. Sure. Yeah. So he's going by this other name where he's not Indian. I thought Indian. Me too too. I heard the name.


I thought it too. And I thought meditation. But no, he Believed he was a reincarnation of St. Thomas Moore and Indian teachers and all kinds of people. It's never like I'm the reincarnation of a field worker. Right. I went and he gave a little talk. He was very into Carlos Castaneda and he wanted us to read those books. How many folks were at this initial free vegetarian dinner? I'd Say a hundred. Oh, Okay. There's some critical mass. If you show up somewhere to see a spiritual guide and there's three people, you're like, well, this guy's bunk a hundred. You're like, okay. It can Be that crazy if all these people are Here. That's right. If you are starting a cult, stock it with some extras. You have to pay some, even if you don't have that many followers, maybe get some hourly folks to build out the audience.


The thing that grabbed me was that we meditated with him and he was sitting on a little stage in front of everyone, and he asked us to keep our eyes open and look at him while we were meditating. When we started meditating with him, I started almost immediately seeing light coming out of him. And his face started morphing into an old man and then a child, and then a woman. And I would close my eyes and try and clear my vision and it just kept happening. And I thought, wow, there's something going on. That's quite a thing to observe. Are you not terrified? It was subtle. Almost like you're having a dream Or if you're on shrooms or Something. Exactly. That's what I was about. Say, yeah. Oh no. Oh no. Well hold On. But you know, I could clear it if I blinked my eyes. He was normal again.


So I thought, you know, this is part of channeling other entities. It's not like he is actually changing into someone else. So it wasn't terrifying. It was more intriguing to me. The senior student of his that had invited me to that dinner said that there was gonna be this 10 day meditation retreat coming up, and it sort of felt like it was an audition to be part of the cult in a way. They wanted people to have headshot and full body, especially women, to have pictures to submit as part of the application, which you have to wonder what those are for sure. But I decided to go against better judgment and we went to this summer camp that they had rented for the 10 days. A lot of the time he wasn't there. It was his senior students leading meditation sessions and talking about Zen Master Rama, that's the full name.


He went by and they said that they had seen him levitate and teleport and projecting light from his hands. And apparently if anyone criticized him, if he had any enemies, he could cause them to get cancer or be in a major car accident. Oh, Okay. So he had a dark side. Yes, very much. He also claimed to control the weather and pass through alternate dimensions and create and destroy universes. And I was just starting to get very skeptical at this point. We're on day three, four, and I'm like, I think I need to get out of here. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it did not feel like a place where you could just say, okay, bye. I'm not into this. They were kind of, you are staying for the 10 days. You committed to this no matter what.


So he had shown up for one evening, but he's talking about Kundalini. The image is this snake that's curled up at the base of each person's spine. And when you raise the Kundalini energy, that snake is supposed to come up. So that night I had a dream that the Kundalini snake was not inside me, but was wrapping around me and trying to just kill me. And I woke up with terrible cramps and I decided to kind of embellish the cramps into, I think that my appendix, I have to get to a hospital. So I finally got them to call an ambulance, get me outta there, from which I called my family and just went away from this whole thing. But I forgot to mention he always would talk about his dog, va.


And apparently he believed that he was one of 12 enlightened beings on the planet, and VA was another one of the 12. Okay. So two of the 12 were accounted for between he and va. Yeah. And he believed that VA U was the reincarnation of his spiritual teacher. I'm glad he didn't try to heal you. Well, I'm sure that was coming. No, I mean like with the appendicitis. Oh. Oh, right. Well, he was Not actually present. He had just come in for a talk and jetted off. He had all these mansions and lots of cars. He had a whole collection of Porsches and Mercedes and Range Rovers and his senior students got together for his birthday and bought him a Porsche. They claimed to have memory of technology from Atlantis.


Oh, okay. And Zen Master Rama said his form of Buddhism was what he called materialistic Buddhism. Oh. That's the kind we need to practice. Yeah, yeah. Where it's okay to make a pile of money. 'cause that is a reflection of your spiritual progress. Once you left, did you keep following this person and what was happening? A number of years later, I read an article about how he died. But I did wanna mention one thing I did see personally, which was that evening that he showed up. Somebody had asked him if he would be able to drink a whole bottle of hot sauce without any physical manifestation. You know how you would turn red and you would be in pain? So he did that. No big deal. So the guy had something.


Right. But I wouldn't say it was for the good of all. Yeah, yeah. But his death really nailed that. This was not a Zane person because his dog had passed away and apparently Zen Master Ram could not handle being in the world without this dog, His master. So he committed suicide. Oh. Wearing a Versace suit and the dog's collar and tags. He was found in the water by one of his mansions, and he had over 150 Valium in his system. And he made a suicide pact. Was one of his followers who happened to be a former model. He had sort of a harem going, yes. Yeah, they're gonna have a harem. Yep. They're gonna have some nice cars.


Oh, It's so classic. So do we think he did drug you guys? I think it's hypnosis. Because You hadn't eaten the vegetarian meal prior to seeing all that, or had you? We had Actually. So there's always that possibility, but there were other times where I hadn't eaten something and was sitting in some of the students' presence and felt some interesting stuff. Wow. Wild. Wow. Did you know anyone that stuck with that? No, I just got out of it and stayed away. There's a quote from a documentary I saw about people who win the Powerball that I think really fits with this kind of person in the quote, it's about winning the lottery. But I think it's, if you attain a lot of money and a lot of power, it's like pouring miracle crow on your character flaws.


Ooh. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's really good. Those lottery documentaries fascinate the hell out of me. I've seen a couple talk about Be careful what you wish for. There's almost no good stories in those. And The one that I saw years ago, it's called Lucky. There are some good stories in some negatives. Yeah. I can't all be bad. No, I shouldn't say that. There's just an incredibly high rate of people filing for bankruptcy. There's a lot of stress with their family. Yeah, A lot of suicide. It upticks a lot of things. I also have a joke for you guys if you want a really bad taste joke about cults. Oh Yeah. Yeah. We love bad taste jokes. Why aren't there very many popular jokes about Jonestown?


I think it must have to do with Kool-Aid, but I don't know. What is it? The punchlines are too long. I don't Get it standing in line for the punch. Oh. Oh. They're very literal. Terrible. It's a pun. That's good. Well Todd, this has been a delight meeting you and hearing your story. I Love you guys. Thank You. Oh, thank you. Bye. All right. Take care. Bye-bye. As someone who saw Grand Lady hands, grandma Hands. Yeah, that's what she saw. Yeah. On shrooms. And you just stare any given thing long enough. You'll just see something. Yeah, Things morph. Yeah, I think they definitely chalk that vegetarian meal. And to their credit, mushrooms are vegetarian.


Maybe that's why. 'cause they can technically get away with it. It's technically legal. It's technically Mushroom dinner. Mushroom medley. Hi, how are you? Good, How are you? Good. Is this a beautiful photo of you and your lover engaged in play on the beach Engagement photos? Oh, that's cute. It looks like you're either doing hacky sack or you could be doing the kid in play dance. I Think I was kicking water at him. Okay. 'cause you're playful and you taunted him 17 years ago. You don't look nearly old enough to be engaged. 17 years ago. I'm 38 now. I was 20. Were You high school sweethearts? No, we met, well this kind of comes into play.


I grew up in the Colt. Oh. So I did not know him in high school. Okay. Okay. Kristen, where are you from? I'm from Northern California. You know Humboldt County? I think you've talked about it actually. Golden Triangle or Green Triangle Up where all the good weed and math are. Yes. I was almost born into it. My mom got married and I was in the religion from the time I was really tiny. So it wasn't something where I joined. It was something where I was there as a child. And are you allowed to say the name of what the religion was? It Was called Gospel Outreach. It's still around today. It's one you wouldn't have heard of. It's a lot smaller and they're pretty good at keeping themselves on the down low and not being too obvious about what's going on there.


Their religionist beliefs would be Evangelical Lutheran type of thing. They believe that you are born full of sin and every day your old man, as they call it, needs to be killed so that your new man can come forth in Christ. So the way they do this is they try to like break you by just beaten down on you. You have meetings as children, we would have circle meetings where you'd pick a person and you just verbally attack them until they finally get to their breaking point. And they would do weird things like make us wear signs about our shortcomings and wear those around school. Oh my God. Okay, really quick. So this has huge overlap with this doc I saw about Synonym, which was this offshoot of sobriety a guy invented in Venice and he had this thing called the Game and it's how the group therapy worked and you attacked each other and then all these people wanted to be a part of that organization that weren't drug addicts.


And then all these civilians joined up in the Bay Area. I just wonder if there's any bleed out of this. Do you know the history of this religion? I don't Know a whole lot. I know originally it started, the church that I went to was kind of in the Jesus movement and it was kicking hippies and helping them function in the world type of a thing. But then that church got associated with a church up in Olympia, Washington. And that's what I call the mother church, where a lot of the very culty things came from in the way we lived life. So I think it's more from up there is where it all started. It's pretty small, it's not very connected with other things. There's a few churches kind of in Oregon, Washington, and then the one in Northern California.


So there's really not many. There's gonna be five total that are really involved. And then the church has its own school where we're all educated quotes. We were taught by parents originally. None of them really had degrees or educations. They weren't teachers. Some of the classes we were self-taught, I didn't really learn science or anything like that. It was pretty basic.


We are supported by Brit Box. There are some incredible shows coming outta the UK right now. The clever writing, the picturesque settings, the witty dialogue. They just do TV differently across the pond in the best way. And you know they're the masters of charming mysteries set in quaint little villages where three people die a week. Not only do they have a huge selection of classics like Pride and Prejudice, but their new original shows are insanely good too. Especially Ludwig with David Mitchell from Peep Show. He plays the introverted puzzle maker guy who accidentally becomes a detective and solves murders like their crosswords. It's twisty and clever and an absolute treat to watch. So if you wanna mix it up and see things differently, try Britt Box and stream the best British tv. Go to britt box.com and start a free trial.


Today we are supported by Claude, the AI assistant. That just feels different. You know, we're curious about the old artificial intelligence here on the pod. We are curious, and we always want to give our arm cherries the if you know you know tips. We sure do. So they need to meet our new pale Claude. While other AI sound like robots. Claude just gets it with the emotional intelligence. Whether I'm researching gas or refining my latest meal plan to get Brad Pitt's abs or looking for the best dating advice to give Monica Claude is the fact-checker in your pocket while you're in the arm share. Well That's exciting for us. I like having an extra companion. Welcome to the team, Claude. You can try Claude for free now@claude.com. That's C-L-A-U-D e.com.


We are supported by Ring With Ring. You can be there from anywhere with doorbells and cameras that help you see more to exciting features that help you know more to the app. That lets you connect more, see more at the front door, up high and down low with battery doorbells. Head to toe video, capture it all, all day and all night with 24 7 recording. And get smarter alerts that know the difference between a person and a package. Right in the Ring app. Now I relied on these ring photos quite a bit for our Unfortunate violation. Yes, it was so good to have all that. It's Also, it just brings peace of mind to know you can check at any time. Yes, with ring you can check in and be there from anywhere. Some features require a subscription and are available only on select ring devices. Exclusions apply. Learn more@ring.com.


How many parishioners were at the church and then how many kids were you in school with? It's grown. So they always say that their church growth plan is be fruitful and multiply. They almost never let people come in from the outside, but they just have lots of kids and then they kind of intermarry and eventually that's gonna get interesting. They send women to the other churches so that they kind of have more of a pool to choose from. Oh no. I was a student teacher at a very young time there in the school. And then when I was 15 they said, okay, time to be done. Go take your California high school proficiency examination. So I went and took it and I failed. And then I took it a while later once they offered it again after some studying and I passed.


I was 16 then. And then at that point I just taught full time in the school. I was never paid. It was all free. I didn't have any really education to speak of. But I was one of the teachers, which was somewhat of an esteemed position. You wanted to be a teacher. As a woman in that environment. Your job is to be a wife and a mother. There's nothing else for you. You shouldn't pursue a career. No one should go to college. College is considered to almost be evil. Getting married is a really huge thing. You have to be recommended for marriage. You have to attain a certain level of status. And the last thing you would want is to be old and alone. The marriages were somewhat arranged. You could express interest in a person as a man if you wanted to.


The men who leave the church might say no. They might say yes. They might say look at someone else. You also might just go to the men and say, who should I marry? And they would tell you who you should marry as a woman. You do have the right to say no to a marriage offer, but it will probably be your last offer. Oh my God, this is wild. And is there any visible impropriety? There's no multiple marriages happening. No plural marriage. It's all one-on-one and it's all of age. So they're winning there. Yes, yes. Kudos. They're keeping it legal. They Look really good from the outside and they do well at that. People are always very impressed. How do I gotta be a part of this? This is so amazing. You guys are doing such good things. Your kids are so well Behaved. How many boys your age were in your school?


So my school, the one in Eureka, California was very small. So at the time I was there it was only maybe 40 kids in the school. So in my age group I had five boys. Very few options unless I was to be sent to another church. And did you have a crush on any of them? It's A really, really sinful thing to admit that you would have a crush on somebody. So you really have to kind of suppress that part of yourself. Be very careful not to be seen interacting too heavily with boys. You don't ever touch in any kind of a way or sit too close. If they think you might like somebody, it's not gonna work out well for you. Generally you need to leave that to the church. And how much natural questioning did you have? I was pretty bought in.


This is my life. This is everything I know. I've gotta do the right thing. Leaving the church is the ultimate worst thing you could do. And so it was really scary. I was kind of doing what they wanted me to do. The other thing that's interesting about the school day is we did school as in math language till noon. And then from noon on we did only music. We recorded and produced CDs. I think Wabi Webb has some pictures. Oh wow. It's 17 in the picture of me and that boy For the listener, you're on stage. It's a good sized stage. We've got a lot of huge pictures of biblical paintings behind you being put on a projector. Now that I see the stage, I'm assuming the music portion is like the attractive part of the religion.


Like if you were to observe this Yeah, you'd be like, oh yeah, they're having so much fun and Yeah, but they're not trying to recruit, which I find interesting. Well, Recruiting can get dicey because people aren't usually willing to give everything if they didn't grow up in that environment. There's Gonna be some inherent skepticism. It'd be tough. And then people would question things. Were you guys inviting non-church members to witness the music? We Would go perform in front of large audiences. We would do like Christmas performances. The CD that I sent, the song and the pictures. We did box forth. Tata, we did very like intricate difficult music and got pretty good because it's literally everything we do.


It's pretty insane and comical to me to listen to because it's like a whole different person. So how I left, I wasn't the highest status, but I was doing all right. But I was very bought in. And then one day my dad sat my whole family down in the living room. There's seven of us kids and I'm the oldest and I was 19 at the time and he said, we're leaving the church. Total shock to us. We all just started sobbing. We were devastated. It's our whole life. We don't even know people outside the church. So it's like the worst thing that could happen to us. And I remember he said we could stay for like another month until some performance happened with music. So we had to go back to school and my friends were crying in the grocery store crying till they'd throw up.


Like it's the worst thing that could happen. We went through the last little bit and we left. But the day that he told me we were leaving, I called someone who was like a mentor, a woman who is higher up as far as women can be. And she said to me, how much do you love the church? Do you love the church enough to leave your family? And I remember that I thought yes. And I said maybe I don't know. The next day she took back her offer and said, I talked to my husband and he said I need to stay out of it. Because she had mentioned maybe me coming and living with them. And she was like, nevermind you stay with your family. And I was devastated by that. And I found out later that my dad had gone and threatened the men of the church and said, don't fuck with my family.


Okay, don't try to come after my kids. When your dad told you you were all leaving, did he give an explanation as to why? I Don't remember a lot of that day, but I know that he had gone to the men of the church and said, I don't believe that we're doing things biblically here. I think there's some real issues and we should make some changes. And they said, we don't care. You need to either do what we're doing or get out. And then when we left the church, to me it felt a lot like if you've moved to a different country that was English speaking, like yeah, we speak the same language, but I don't really get your humor, your culture. I don't really understand what you're saying. I was really shocked by boys just being even mildly flirtatious.


It was very alarming. You were clutching your pearls a lot. Exactly. Oh my gosh. It was really scary and lonely. It was so hard. But I met friends and gradually have become the person I am now. It was a very long evolution because there's a lot of boundaries in your head that you might not even realize you have. Like the pursuing a career, I really didn't feel like I could pursue a career. And I remember one day early in my husband and i's marriage, I said something about one day it'd be cool to go to nursing school. And he said you should do it. And I was like so shocked by his response because I was like, wait, I could do it. It just didn't seem possible to me. I did eventually go to college. I was 30 when I took my first ever college class.


I had the nervous shits in between every class. It was so scary. But I have a bachelor's degree and I'm a ER nurse. Wow. It's so cool to look back. And it's a big part because I had people in my life who just supported me and wanted me to be a full person and my husband was a huge part of that. Any foreign objects? What's the term? Rectal? Rectal. Foreign objects. There's a cucumber Gatorade bottle. Oh Gatorade. Oh my God. A kid with a lipstick. Oh No. Did you watch the Pit? Yes. I watched the pit hands down. The most accurate medical show I've ever seen.


There We go. The one thing they never get right is nurses are so underrepresented. We're doing everything. The docs put in the orders, we do it. Wow. Really quick. Did Dad find his way to another fringy religion? He Is a pastor and he has a small church. And what about your siblings? Did they transition well into the worldly world? We've all kind of had a hard time in different ways. They're all doing good, but it's been a struggle mentally. It's a lot to get through locally. Some of them were a lot younger. I was the oldest, so some of them had much shorter periods of time that they lived in the religion and they were mostly outside. So that helps a ton. Does it diminish your confidence in your ability to evaluate reality?


To some degree. There's things. I have expectations of people, how they're gonna treat me, how they're gonna act. And I think that's been most poignant in my marriage where he'll say something pretty benign and I'm like, why are you trying to attack me? Why are you coming after me? But I just expect that. So we've had to definitely work through some things. To me there is nothing more impressive than shedding an old life and starting fresh. Thank you. Yeah. Do you like Megan Phelps Roper? Have you heard her talk at all? I don't Think so. She was in Westboro Baptist, that Wild Baptist church that holds the terrible signs up at funerals. She wrote a book, She leave her family. I'm just in awe of people who can do that.


Me too. It's very Hard. Well my husband come say hi. Yes. Yeah, Yeah, of course. Hi handsome husband. Oh, there's a cat in the mix. My daughter talked me into one and then now we have four. Oh. Kind of got duped on that deal. Yeah, I think that's what happens with one cat. They're like mog, all of a sudden you have five. It's like they got wet. Yeah, They worked their way in there. I'm glad you guys got to meet my wife. She's a huge fan. She's definitely the full package. She'll go to work and save a couple lives, come home, paint the house. Oh my God. And sing the kids to bed. Yeah, It's good to get someone that really was like brainwashed and had to do a lot of stuff.


'cause then just doing normal stuff feels like nothing. That's like a hack. I had a pretty good inside track on it because I worked with a lot of people she went to church with for about 11 years. So I was probably as close as you can get to the inside circle without being on the inside. You are well versed. That's helpful. Well, it's so nice meeting both of you guys. Yes. Thanks for sharing. Nice to Meet you. All right, take care. Hello. Is this Anna? It is. Meet. Hi Anna. Nice to meet. Meet. Nice to meet you. I love your floral wallpaper. Thank you. I'm in A, B and B. And what state are you visiting? I'm in Tous, France.


I live in Portland, Oregon, but I'm visiting my friend who's getting married who lives in Ulu. She is the one who recommended this prompt to me because we were in a cult together. So Oh, Together, that's how you met? Well, We were children, but it feels very full circle to me. I just arrived today to see her. Oh, How Lovely. This may or may not shock you, but of the three people we've spoken with, two are from Portland. Oh, interesting. Yeah, I feel like colds are kind of a west coast deal A lot. Yeah. Northern G we had and then now two Portlands. Well 'cause wasn't the Raj Nishi? That was Oregon too. That Was eastern Oregon. Yeah, The og. Oh, okay. The og. The original guru. No, Oregon.


Oh, Okay. That too. Okay, Anna, please tell us your experience To be fair to Portland, Oregon. I was in California. We'll take it. We were all up and down the coast. My group that I grew up in, I don't know if you've ever heard of a group called the Assembly, it's also called the Gift TCUs Assembly. No, not Assembly of God. You thinking Assembly of God, that's a different Group. No, I've never heard this, but I like the name. It already is ominous. Yes. So the assembly doesn't exist anymore, but it was a Christian cult, basically a Protestant church that started in the seventies where the leader just wanted to go back to basics, be really minimal. People didn't wear makeup, it didn't dress up too much. People kind of lived communally. I think it was kind of nice in the beginning.


Everyone sort of participated, you know, saying acapella and it was just like, forget all that worldly stuff. It had a heyday in the seventies. It started in Southern California, but it was all over there. Were branches in Canada, Mexico, England, a lot of places in South America. And did it have a founding charismatic leader? Georgia And bitty gki are guiding light. They were divinely inspired as far as we were concerned. We talk about cult at first. We think it's gonna be like fun and sensationalist and wild, but it's actually just sad. And you know, a lot of stories are really grim and a lot of 'em are about abuse. But I wanted something that had a little more sparkle to it. Okay. Okay. So my story is about a Pseudoscientific medical device that my family used that kind of caught on in our very insular group.


It's called the Zapper. And the zapper was supposed to heal you by giving you a very light sustained electric shock. Okay. And I want to be clear, this wasn't preached from the pulpit, like the zapper will heal you, but it was a kind of insular environment where we didn't have any other friends and just weird fads would take place. And if someone of influence brought in a certain fad one time it was a planner. Well like a Franklin planner. It's almost like an MLM. That's funny because we actually did a lot of MLMs together and just sort of marketed to each other.


Basically This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apply for Apple card today and start earning up to 3% daily cash back on everyday purchases and that daily cash can even grow automatically when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. What are you waiting for? Visit apple.co/card calculator today to see how much daily cash you can earn. Subject to credit approval savings available to Apple card owners subject to eligibility, savings and Apple Card by Goldman Sachs. Bank, USA member FDIC. Terms and more@applecard.com


We are supported by Happy Egg. I love an egg that you can like the yolk is so bright Yo. I like a dark orange yolk. Yes. When you get that dark orange, you know it's good. You know it's high quality. Yeah. This restaurant we go to all time for breakfast. Breakfast place. Yes. Yes. So good. I always think There's cheese in the scrambled eggs, but it's just the yolk. Yes, Yes. Happy Egg Hens are raised outside and the hens are treated with care on small family owned farms. Happy eggs. Farming standards lead to the hens being well. Happy. Happy hens, happy eggs. If you're making eggs, do yourself a favor and buy the best. You're going to taste the difference. Crack open. Happy with Happy Egg. You'll find them in the yellow carton. Visit happy egg.com/dax to find a store near you.


We are supported by Better Help. We've had a lot of talk recently about therapy when we had other Monica on and how helpful it is in steering your way through so much of this quagmire that is your own perception. I Just got a friend of mine into therapy and they really, really are liking it already. Oh good. Mental health awareness is growing, but there's still progress to be made. 26% of Americans who participated in a recent survey say they have avoided seeking mental health support due to fear of judgment. When people hesitate to get help, it doesn't just affect them. It impacts families, workplaces, and entire communities. This Mental Health Awareness month, let's encourage everyone to take care of their wellbeing and break the stigma. The world is better when people are healthy and happy. Better Help has over 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapists. There are over 30,000 licensed therapists to choose from, from diverse backgrounds with a wide range of specialties. They make it easy to find a therapist who fits your specific needs. We're all better with help. Visit better help.com/dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help hlp.com/dax.


So to set the scene, because I sometimes go down a dark rabbit hole trying to explain the assembly, I made a kind of list of our fears and loves, which I'm gonna share with you, right? Yeah. If the Assembly is a person, the assembly loves abstinence all day, all night meetings, chores, which are also called stewardships, communal living door-to-door, witnessing fellowships, which are like really lame parties. Our leader, George Kataki homeschooling the left behind franchise modesty, multi-level marketing, street preaching, its spanks tithing and of course the zapper Z. If you have a Z and you have an alphabetical list, you gotta put it in there. So these are our fears. Abortion bikinis, evolution, government homosexuality. When You'd go to church or you'd see the service, how tied to Christianity was it?


Was the Bible still being primarily used or had he deviated so much that a lot of what you were learning had nothing to do with the Bible? In a way we were trying to be so strict, unlike he so closely to scripture, we thought all the other churches were kind of too diluted. But you know the verse about straining agna and swallowing a camel? No, there's a verse that's about foolish people who would strain a nat and swallow a camel. Meaning focusing on the real detail and then swallowing something enormous without even considering it. I mean, that reference is not the right audience. No, it makes sense. It got so granular that the bigger picture was crazy. Yeah. The thing that made it a high control group was that we believe that our leader and people closely associated with him were receiving divine inspiration.


If someone suggested something to you, like you just sort of did it. It wasn't a suggestion. It was this is my way of being closer to God. Right. So what was novel about the Mormons is that the parishioners could receive revelation. That was the appealing part as I understand it. But in this sect, they could at least receive revelations. Yes. My family left and I was probably like 13. I wish I had like the adult sort of eye, but my memories are mostly just being incredibly bored when I look back and it, it feels as though a lot of the revelations were kind of ad hoc and they're kind of convenient. Well it's like Joseph Smith's revelations that a man should have multiple wives once he was busted having sex with a young woman that lived next door. That's interesting timing of that revelation.


Yeah. I dunno if I would call it a revelation, but by the time I was conscious and participating, one of our big things was we didn't do mainstream music. We didn't watch film and television. We didn't even sing in harmony. What they were worried. There was a lot of pop Christian music at the time and people would get caught up in the music and the emotion and sort of lose the message. Mm. So okay. That way we were focused on the message. But yeah, let's see our fears, government, homosexuality, Eastern mysticism, we were like, no can do feminism. No public schools and their agendas, mainstream music, makeup. We were so scared of Satan worshipers. We never met any, we were talking about them all the time. Secular holidays we didn't participate in. Great. And really quickly on the zapper, I'm guessing it was a preexisting product that this was an off-label use for or did someone invent this thing within the church?


The Person who claimed to have invented it was like a quack doctor who wasn't part of our church. Her name was Holda Clark. She's also the author of a quack book called The Cure for All Diseases. She was investigated for like medical malpractice. I later learned to move to Mexico because they were gonna close down her wellness center in California. Her whole thing was, well, all diseases including cancer and aids are caused by a parasite in the body. So if you just need to electrocute the parasite and then it'll be all better. Easy. So simple. It's crazy. Not these doctors thought of this. Well they just Wanna keep you sick. Oh sure. If you commit to like life in the assembly, you're asked to push away your friends. You're going to meetings every day. This group of people down in Fullerton, they're just always sick and no doctors could tell 'em what was wrong with them.


They were fatigued. Sometimes it was headaches, sometimes it was stomach ache. They wouldn't have any energy like they just weren't. Well, George and Betty would give them like a special diet and they would follow and that wouldn't work. We started to call it Fullerton disease. But I hear this as an adult. I think Fullerton disease is probably depression when you're a kid in the assembly. It sucked, right? 'cause you're in meetings all day, like you're getting like spankings all the time. Oof. There's so many rules. You don't celebrate Christmas. You're just like, this sucks. But the best thing in the world was to be sick or someone in your family's sick. Everyone's looking after you, you don't have to participate. Oh god. This is like producing munch houses. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It's late nineties. The apocalypse is kind of around the corner. We're big into Y 2K. We needed like our best soldiers on the ground, but people were coming down with Fullerton Disease.


So enter this amazing device that's gonna solve what doctors and diet can't. Suddenly we're all zapping around the late nineties. Imagine a black plastic box, maybe around the size of your face are smaller with little light on the top inside. It's got batteries and wires and stuff and it's got an on off switch. Wires are coming out of it. The wires kind of lead to these two copper handles and you're meant to hold onto the handles and just turn on the thing and get an electric shock. But work up to 20 minutes. If it wasn't working, you could get like a paper towel wet, put that over and get like a little more of a shock. Oh Jesus. Well can you juice it up a little bit? Exactly. I'm thinking of basically the lie detector device that's been rebranded within Scientology. Exactly. Where you hold the handles.


I've done it. And you get an E-meter. You did it. Yeah, I did it at the celebrity center. You went to the celebrity center. You don't know this story? No, I don't know the story either. What? How could we have done all this? Scientology? Wait, you should be a caller. I wasn't joining. We had had an improv show at UCB, which is across The street. Yeah, across The street. Sorry, a commandeer This. Yeah. But this needs immediate attention. I'm Fascinated. The Scientology Center had a recruitment day and it was exciting and they had a fair and we were like, we're gonna go As a bit As a bit, but also what are they gonna say? Yeah, yeah, yeah. What Is this like reconnaissance? Yeah. We all went to this movie theater and there was a woman there who was in charge of us. She was very odd, I would say.


And then we watched this crazy movie about Scientology. It's not produced considering the people who are involved in Sci. I've Scientology, I've They have a TV station too. They, it's Not good have Tom act in the movie. At the very least, The famous writers have been involved. Exactly. Then they separated us all and then we had to do the thing with the hands. And then they told us. They asked you some questions. They asked questions and it is how much you're holding, how much you're not. It's very primitive psychology for like a lie detector test. Yeah, it's a polygraph. Yeah. But even way more basic than that. Yeah. Anyway. Wow. Okay. So it sounds like a similar setup. That Thing did even less than what you're describing. They didn't even like produce any kind of results or anything. Well this didn't either. They tell you a result.


So you were doing the zapper 20 minutes a day. Yeah, We were zapping a lot. You know, if you felt like you're coming down with something you might zap or just kind of proactively you could zap. In my head, I associated it with like a punishment. I remember my parents being like, go zap. Your parasite was acting up. Yeah. I would think it was like the parasites outta control. Oh, my mom, she likes to be active. She can't just sit and hold something for 20 minutes. That's torture to her. She was a seamstress, so she wanted be like working at her sewing table. I remember there's a woman used to take the copper rods and just like put them down at the back of her pants. Oh. Oh. They need to make skin contact, but it didn't matter what kind of skin. Sure. It could be butt Skin. Yeah. Anally, but Suit. Yeah. My dad notices this.


He's an engineer. He's got his own shop where he works with some industrial tools. So he goes away and like makes his own modification where instead of the two round handles, which they're kind of uncomfortable to put down the bed for pants, he makes these two curved butt cheek shaped sort of thing. You know like big spoons. Yeah, Exactly. Then you could just put them down one Each side. This is madness. This is how he's spending his time. Someone Knocks on the door and walks into this scene. OEM. This is an original manufacturing. This is a hybrid. To do what? To kill the parasite. Obviously the Weirdest bit is now. If someone else in the family is using it, you know, it's like been down my mom's Bike. Oh. Oh sure, Sure. You've got on your cheeks or something. I Forgot about that.


They've been on mom's bottom cheeks at 13. How do we get out of this? My mom decided she was going to leave. She's not like gonna leave the group. She's gonna leave my dad. She's leaving everything. She got like another apartment. She bought a car and disappeared away to this other life. Oh. Just to get out. When you live in this kind of environment, you don't know who you are or what your favorite color is. You can't have a conversation and you just crack. Did she stay in the same town as you? So we lived in San Luis Obispo and she went to Atascadero. I know Atascadero very well. Is it close? It's the same county. So she didn't go very Well. Oh my God. She was also probably in perimenopause and her hormones. Oh, you think this is on all fours? Kinda. It's a little bit all fours. Okay.


Book. She leaves. And then after about a year, my dad decides to officially remove the family from the group. 'cause he was just kind of seeing them for who they really were. Yeah. Yeah. Ruined his family. Yeah. How was this celibate command working out? Is there celibacy within the marriage? Oh, not within the marriage. Sex was only okay in this really specific context. Okay. Right. But it was this idea of no sex outside of marriage. You're not supposed to have crushes. You didn't really date. You weren't really supposed to like have desire. You're just obeying God's command. Oh, this is wild. There's so many. There's a lot of these. I know there are. There's so many Of these. You're not thinking when you're driving through San Luis Obis. That's the home of Cal Poly And that these engineers are involved.


I know that's a stereotype, but I guess I imagine how could an engineer get trapped into this? It's the training and not swallowing a camel thing. You get so focused on engineering, the zapper that you're not thinking about Why am I doing this? Yeah. Do we really think George and Fullerton has all the answers and he never got busted. Having multiple lovers, most of these founders, he Definitely did have multiple liaisons. I learned a lot of allegations against him, To be honest. Why else deal with all the obligations of having cult followers if you're not having sex with them? Like what is the reward? Well, Power. Power. What's the point of power, if not sex with hot people for you, but for a lot of people. I mean, that's what power is about really. It Wasn't totally monetarily driven, but the tithing, you give a percentage sometimes like 10% of your earnings to the church.


That's all going to George 10. Quickly to tie this bow on it, your friend's wedding, so she was a member of the church and she presumably left as well. Yeah. Her family left that a little bit earlier under the guise of, oh, we have to move away. Taca arrow tomorrow. Bay a little further. Exactly. I'm gonna see her get married on Saturday. I'm gonna see a lot of old family friends from the assembly days. Wow. Oh, that'll be such an interesting reunion. Yeah. What a group to get together with. Well Anna, nice meeting you. Thanks for telling us that story sharing. Thank you so much. Have A great trip. Bye. Hi, Is this Francesca? This is me.


I'm so nervous. Oh. Oh. Don't be nervous. You have a very cute sweater on. And do you go by something shorter than Francesca? Because I can go all the way with Francesca, but do you have like a nickname? People Call me Fran, or my dad calls me Frankie. Oh, I love that. Aww. That's so Cute. I used to hate it, but I like it now. Yeah. What age do you think you get to when you finally start liking all this cute stuff your parents did when You feel like they might die? Oh, You gotta wait that long, Then that months they've died. Yeah, Once or they're getting close, then you love it. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, did you make a fort for Us? I did. And I've really found my center in here because I was really nervous and it feels good just to sit here in the slight dark, Cozy.


Do you do any breathing exercises or anything? I tried, but they aren't working. Okay. Where are you? Are you in Portland, Oregon? No, I'm in Big Sky Montana. Okay. Oh, Okay. So you've got a cult story. Oh, excited. Francesca, I'm Fran. Frankie, I Sure do. What if I said Frankie and she just started bawling? I was like, it's too dangerous. You're Not her dad, but I want you to be. Okay, good. You just need to ask and then I'll officially say yes. He's Everyone's dead. No, you wanna see my dad. That's my dad. Oh. Oh, That's a sweet picture. So if you're wondering who joined the cult, it was these people. Oh, Okay. Oh, they're so cute. They look like they're on either a Seals and Croft or a Art Garfunkel and Paul Simon album cover.


I feel like they're in Italy. Oh, Are they in Italy in that photo? I don't think so. I'm guessing they're in Texas. Okay. Amo, have you watched Alamo Watched The Pit? I haven't seen the Pit. Okay. So those gorgeous young people, they found their way into something. What was it? They Met these two people. Their names were Trina and Steven. They met them at a rebirthing seminar. I don't know if you guys have ever heard of that. No, I don't really know what it is either. It's just where you practice redoing your birth. It was the early eighties. Wait, you are reenacting your own birth So that if you had any trauma coming in, you can get rid of it. They joined Trina and Steven because Trina believed she could trans spirit through her body, a dead trans medium is what she was called.


So she would leave her body and then the spirit would take over. And that's what I did on Sundays pretty much from when I was born until I was 18. Oh my God. You'd go see Trina channel spirits. So they collected a bunch of people. It was called the Collective was an actual collective. So they all shared money and everything. But by the time I was born, it was not so much a collective. Everyone had their own money. And this was in Texas? It was in Arizona. We went to Trance every Sunday. It was like a dimly lit room. Everyone entered and we would sing, which was my favorite part. It was the only part that made sense to me. So we would sing a song and then she would meditate, and then the spirit would come through Dr. Duran, who was a 14th century doctor.


And basically he would say a sermon and then he would open up for questions. So people basically sought advice from him. How many folks were in attendance? Normally a Hundred at its peak, when I was growing up, it was probably more like 50. And was it held in a church or what kind of space? We Had this trance room that was blacked out. No windows or anything because she needed darkness, but it wasn't so dark that you couldn't see her. And it's so hard because this was real for all of us, but it wasn't obviously. But I grew up in it, so it was all I knew. Yeah, I just remember being a kid, sitting in church and going like, I don't know. Were you having any battle?


Later on when I got older. But no, they created chaos so that you just wanted to be a part of this family. So Trina and Steven had kids and grandkids, and there was a hierarchy. They were treated better than my family. It was all based on money. And I realize that now they targeted people who had rich families and my mom had wealthy parents. My dad didn't, but my parents weren't giving any money because my grandparents wouldn't provide. So they were basically just treated like the lowest on the totem pole. My mom and dad never had a chance. I'm surprised they weren't like, we gotta get outta here. No one's even being nice to us If you can't climb the ladder.


Yeah. What's the incentive? We were told that we are the closest to God because we're with the Spirit in this lifetime. So it did have some like Buddhist principles. We believed in reincarnation, and we believed that this life was our last because we were with the Spirit. Oh. So we were special. Oh, I see. Was it Christianity linked or No, not Really. We would make fun of it a little bit. So trans, you never knew what you were gonna get. Sometimes it was him like, Oh my God, you guys need to lighten up and have a party. Literally, the spirit talking through her was telling us this. Or he would rip people to shreds. And then after trance, sometimes there were like processes where the adults would all get together and they would all drink alcohol and just like rip each other a new one.


Wow. I wasn't there. I was too young, but I was usually babysitting the kids by the time they got home. You could tell they had been crying and just unregulated. Oh my God. Okay. This again is like the game. This kind of group participation therapy where you call out each other's character defects. People would make stuff up just to like get the attention off of them. Yeah. That was what was happening in the game is like you want to sit down with the gun loaded to direct at someone else to get the heat off yourself. So you're like incentivized. Yeah. It Was pretty bad. There were good parts. Like growing up in Tahoe Village, I had a bunch of friends and it was dirt roads and it was a good place to grow up, but it was pretty toxic.


We had our own school. You weren't encouraged to go out and get a degree or anything. You were encouraged to just stay small. Service was a big thing. People who weren't even qualified would be teaching at the school with no pay Free, bad teaching. This is what we offer. We think teachers who do get paid don't get paid enough. Yeah. Yeah. These teachers, I was so afraid of everybody. It was so scary. But also I wanted their approval so bad. But my dad was always kind of like half in, half out. He didn't actually wanna go. He did it for my mom. And so when I was seven, they divorced and he kind of left the community.


But even before that, he was just painted as a terrible person because he didn't wanna be there. And that showed, I knew my dad was a good guy. I loved him, but people would talk crap about him in front of me. Oh, that's, this is the cruelest thing you can do to a kid. Yeah. This is nasty. That was part of the problem with trance was you were like asking a question and then you're airing all of your shit in front of everybody and in front of the kids. Do you know what it was that your mom was getting out of it? At First, she wanted a community, and then they end up creating chaos to where it's like if you leave the community, you're leaving all of your friends, your family, you'll lose everything.


And that's what they do. They make it so that you can't leave. There were people who left, but it sounds easy to just pick up and leave, but it's not, you don't have anything. Yeah. Yeah. Starting from scratch, How far, how far away did your dad move? He Just moved down to Phoenix area, so I would still see him, but not very often. So later on when I was 11 years old, my mom decided to get a boyfriend who did not wanna be in the community. It was just kind of looked down upon to have a boyfriend at all. And he was a Vietnam vet. He was sort of abusive. So I had to live with him for a little bit. Basically, my mom was shunned because she wanted to be with this man who didn't wanna be in the community.


So there was a point around that time where I was also shunned. The whole community was having Thanksgiving at Trina and Steven's house, and I wasn't allowed to go. I like met with my sister and she's like, Fran, you're not allowed. My oldest sister, I'm the youngest of five, but she was my person when my mom wasn't around. Why was she allowed to go? Because she had her own life. She actually got pregnant at 16. That was part of it too. You get married and you have babies assigned marriages. She had a baby at 16 because they told her, don't wear a condom. It hurts. Hmm. How old was the dude? He Was only a couple years older than her, but they ended up getting married and then torn apart because one of the leader's daughters wanted to marry the guy she was with.


Oh boy. Yeah. My sister's the real MVP. She's the first born child of the cult. And I say it shows. So she told me I can't go. They're mad at my mom. And I was like, heartbroken about that. So later on I'm going to feed my horses and I'm walking past Trina and Steven's houses, which is where everyone was gathered. And my friend scout came outside and she's like, Fran, what are you doing innocently? She's like, come on, we're all having a party party. And I was like, okay. So I go up the stairs and I get abused by Steven Camp, who is the leader. He just screamed at me in front of Everyone told me that I can't be there.


I need to go home. And I'm 11 years old. Oh My God. What kind of hurt? Oh my God. Yeah. What a fucking coward. Oh, he was a scary, scary guy. Ugh. I don't even remember to be honest. What I did after that, it was pretty traumatizing. So I had moved out of the house because of the guy she was with. So I moved in with my sister for a little while and then I was gonna move back. I was told this later, but Paul, her boyfriend didn't want me to move back in. And so he asked her for a divorce. And then after that, my mom took her own life. Oh. Oh my goodness. What a horrific.


You've really been through the ringer. After my mom died, it was kind of like my family was finally in it. We were finally treated better, which is just absolutely crazy. Oh, they decided to extend some compassion in the wake of that? Or did they feel guilty? I think they felt guilty. Basically. She just lost her whole support system because the women in the family all stopped talking to her. And then the guy that she was doing it for wanted to leave her. And he was just a terrible person. What age were you when that happened? I was 11. Oh. Oh my God. Oh, Jesus. It was rough. I don't blame them for it, but I do think my mom dying did shatter the glass a little.


Had people questioning, what the fuck are we doing here? And then I didn't actually leave myself 'cause I was young, but I ended up living with multiple different families, plus my sister. And it just got worse once I was living with the cult leader's daughter, and they were really sweet. Like everyone's a victim to this, I think including their children. I had a boyfriend at 15. I went to Trance one time and I got called a whore in trance. Mm. Oh my God. My spirit called me a whore. Was that boyfriend part of this? No, he wasn't. When you were around other people, were you like embarrassed to talk about it? No. It was kind of a joke. Like, oh, you guys live in Tahoe Village.


You guys are a part of that cult. And we're like, yeah, you guys think it's a cult? It's not. I listened to a recent recording of a trance, which it's the only one I have. I don't know where they all are. 'cause they recorded them all in the recording. He says, yeah, 'cause everyone out there thinks we're a cult. We're not. They were always trying to stress that we're not a cult In school, they showed us Jim Jones and David Ssh. They showed us those and they're like, see, that's a cult. If no one gets murdered, it's not a cult. Yeah, Yeah. How'd you exit? Eventually my sister moved down to the valley, down to Phoenix. She tried to stay in it, but basically if you're away, they're not really letting you do it.


Everybody tithed money. Everyone was paying for Trina and Steven's life For her weekly show. Exactly. My sister went up there to tithe and I guess she was trying to quit smoking. One of the quote leader's daughters said, oh, Tasha's trying to quit smoking. And Trina went, smoking doesn't cause cancer. And Josh was like, okay, that's it. Oh my God. Like that was our last straw. Well, 14th century doctors don't really know yet about small cell carcinoma. The irony too, of the spirit being invoked somehow would have some elevated something. 'cause they were a 14th century know doctor I know, like nobody on earth right now would be as bad of a doctor. Exactly. As a 14th century doctor.


Right. And he would give medical advice, Oh God, What blood pressure medication are you on? I don't like it. Oh, Oh my God. Even though he only dealt in blood letting and probably leeches. Yeah. Like my friend's mom died of a stroke. If we were getting actual medical care, we would've known that she had high blood pressure, but instead we were listening to the spirit. So that kind of stuff makes me really angry. Did you end up having a relationship with your dad? Turns out he had manic bipolar, which he also would've known if therapy was a thing or if medical psychology was a thing. So I ended up having a relationship with him and then it kind of fell out because I didn't go live with him.


I live live with my sister and then he had a huge episode, kept having episodes. He would get off his meds. On his meds, and then he started doing drugs and so now his brain is pretty frat. Yeah. Oh man. We Still have a relationship with him. We love him. He comes over for dinner and everything, but he's just not the same guy. Francesca, you have been dealt quite a fucking hand, my lord. The fact that you're in that cute sweater and put together, I made this sweater. Oh my gosh. So cute. One of the guys from the Cult is a chess master because there was like this whole thing. Steven was obsessed with chess. He was a co-founder of chess.com, which is where you play online chess, and he just wrote a book and it's coming out in September and it's gonna be about the cult a little bit.


And also his chess journey. Did he ultimately leave the cult? Will it be a critical look at the cult? Yes. Everyone has left the cult. There are still people that still have it in their brain. They're so brainwashed that it's still real for him, including my dad. He'll go in and out because he was so abused by them. Yeah. But yeah, the cult is dismantled. I wanna see Trina's show. I wish she would just do it at a black box theater, so I could see it as like a one woman show. She used to do public trances. She passed, actually she died three years ago. It was like an alcohol induced dementia, which makes sense. I still don't know if she was in on it.


Right. It's so hard. It's hard to know that. Or was it Steven like saw this craziness about her and decided to capitalize on it. I wish I could be a fly on the wall to hear a conversation that went on If we're to like just look at the pattern of history and acknowledge it as real. My hunch is Steven was somehow Pulling the The strings of this whole thing. Definitely. But I think probably at some point, whether she started off believing it, I'm sure at some point she did believe she was channeling this person. Yeah. I don't think you can keep that up for that long if it's a full ruse. This is a terrible false equivalency. But we've talked about it on here with other improv people. A lot of comedians have certain characters.


I have a couple of them that when I start talking like them, they have a whole language that I don't necessarily have. Sure. A robot. It's true. The second I'm talking is Frito. All of these thoughts are just very quickly there. They're not my normal thoughts. I've not even tried to embrace that in a way that would be my identity. But I understand the notion of feeling like you are creating things that aren't really yours. Does that make sense? Yeah. For her to buy into it, I don't think it'd be that hard to buy into it. Yeah. I mean, not to get so Buddhist, but we are all sort of buying into our identities all the time. It's not that much of a stretch to believe something about yourself and then just be it.


Yeah. I think your brain does crazy stuff, especially if you have some dementia going on later on. Yeah. Yeah. Oof. Ooh, I'm impressed you've made it out And I'm doing okay. Me and all my siblings are doing pretty well. Good. Oh good. Happy to hear that. My sister, I just wanna shout her out. Her name is Tash. She raised me pretty much. Oh, good on you to big Shout out. Well, Francesca, thank you for sharing all that with us. That is heavy. And I'm sorry for all that. I'm sure it will help a lot of people. You never know who's listening, who might be like in a bad situation and needs to be heard and seen. Yeah. Just know that they're creating chaos to keep you there. Yeah.


Yeah. Well, thank you so much for chatting with us. Yeah. It was so nice to meet you guys. I can't believe this. This is crazy. It was really nice to meet you. All right, take care. Bye. What you would hope people would hear is there's such a pattern to all this stuff. Exactly. They'll Do almost the same thing. The arranged marriage piece is interesting that that's come up multiple times. The beating you down The group criticism. Yeah. If any of these things are happening in your book club, you know, maybe the book club is a, Maybe take a second. Glance my teeth look really white. Yeah. You have exceptionally white and nice if You teeth.


If you wanna have white teeth, just join this game. Join now for 19 90, 99, And I'll also throw in a free sermon. I want to see you channel and talk in tongues. I want you to lose your marbles a little bit for an hour. Every Sunday. I would go to your show. Then you'd be laughing at me, and then I'd cry. No, you wouldn't. You'd be a warlock from the 14th century. I understand how it happens. You're there and it's what you know, but it's so amazing what the brain does that it can't just pull out for a minute. But they do a good job of saying it's not a cult. I Was exposed to some weird stuff. I went to church on Sundays, two different religions, whatever, that's standard.


But my father was also quite woo woo. Right. Like through aa he found a COA adult children of alcoholics. Yeah. And then the course of miracles. Yeah. And then all of it's fine. But I was in a basement with him where a guy's like making someone hold something then pushing on your liver and then pushing the arm down. And a lot of the people that are in a are there and they're kind of intrigued by it. And there's crystals. I don't want this to sound like a pat on the back to myself or casting any shame on anybody, but I'm just not very susceptible. I was like, what the fuck? Okay. But the reason you weren't is because you had an environment that also Yes. Was opposite that. Yes. That in fact applauded critical skepticism.


Yeah. So if everyone you know is doing one thing, yeah. There's no way. I'm not suggesting that I too couldn't be this way. I just am remembering that I was in lots of different situations where I was like, this is horse shit. This is why they don't wanna let other people in. They shouldn't invite me in. 'cause I'll probably be like, hold on. How do you know about that? That wasn't invented at the 16th century. I'd like bust the 14th century doctor. Then everyone would stand up and go, Oh my God, the spells been broken. Thank you Dak Shepherd. You are a new leader. Exactly. And that's what you always wanted. I am the leader of the truth. I have a Ew. That's what they all say. Proprietary. Ew. You sound just like all of them. Get off your clothes and let's Talk about It. Oh God. Let's go by.


Do you wanna sing a tune or something? A theme song. Oh, Okay, great. Don't for this show. So here we random some suggestions. Enjoy. Follow Armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts.


Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Lamont Jones's world is shattered when his cousin dies in custody just weeks after entering prison. The official report says natural causes, but bruises and missing teeth tell a different story. From Wondery comes Death County pa, a chilling true story of corruption and coverups that begins as one man's search for answers, but soon reveals a disturbing pattern. Lamont's Cousin's death is just one of many and powerful forces are working to keep the truth buried with never before heard interviews and shocking revelations. Death County PA pulls back the curtain on one of America's darkest institutional secrets. This isn't just another true crime story, it's happening right now. Follow Death County PA on the Wonder App or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of Death County PA early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.