
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm Dak Shep and I'm joined by Lily Padman. Hi. Hi. Today we have our very favorite prompt. We try to use it sparingly, but every time we use it I go, I don't know why we don't use it more because this one, okay, this one somehow blew past episodes that can't be blown past. I agree. There's the potential that we heard. The craziest story we've heard or the most the shocking Jesus Crazy is, is insane. Yes. And also this particular group of armchair all four were incredible. They were Incredible. Like really special fun group. I'm even like thinking about trying to develop a friendship with the last person.


Excuse Me. Bless your heart. It Was a cough. I know, but still I thought you were dying. So we'll say, but may you find your way to heaven. Take him into your heart. On in his name we pray. Oh, stop. He has risen. Yeah, this one is fucking unhinged. Can we say that? I guess we can't say cra crazy, but can we say on Hinge? Yeah, it's, it's so good. It's so, so good. Please enjoy potential air best Unauthorized Evacuation.


If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, check that you have all the ingredients for a recipe before you start cooking dinner. Or checking If you need to use the bathroom before you start recording so you don't need to take a break. Mid show checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is intended for audiences in the US only savings vary terms. Apply Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, north Brook, Illinois


Times. Come and go. Good times. Take them slow. You gotta know. Hello Jonathan, are you standing on a box or are you six foot eight? You're close. I'm just north of six nine. Holy Smokes. Congratulations. You're above the doorframe. Thank you. Worked on it my whole life. That's Very exciting. How many years did it take you to hit six? Nine? Probably 23, but I'm 33 now.


And did you make use of this height? Did you do anything that lent itself? Did you play basketball or anything? I played basketball a little bit and then I stopped playing and then I lost everything. So no Wait, what do you mean you lost everything? The skills. Oh, your skills. I tried to play basketball right now and tried to jump. I'm pretty sure my knees would just evaporate. I'm excited to see how your height's gonna impact the evacuation. Oh, that's a great point. Yeah. It kind of raises the stakes. It will. It plays an adjacent role. Okay, great. Walk us through this unfortunate and fortunate event. So It took place in 20 10, 20 11. I was sophomore, junior in college.


That college is UMass Amherst. I live in Massachusetts. And so one thing that school is known for is it's really big. There's a lot of people that go there. And another thing is its dining. Food is really good. It's like number one, number two in the country at least when I was there. Wow. Really? I was a student employee there. I worked at the largest dining common on the campus and I worked at the sushi station, which sounds pretty bougie, but the student employees would roll sushi. And then I also worked, I think it was called Teki, it like a big flat top grill with thick noodles. And I would just throw the noodles on, throw the veggies on it. There's a spicy paste called, I think it's like Gochujang probably saying that wrong. Oh. But I love, it's, it's like red paste really good. And so I would make up a lot of that and then parse it into just individual dishes and put them out and then students would come and grab 'em.


Jonathan, can I just, I know you probably get so sick of talking about your height, but what I'm immediately concerned about is that grill top was probably built for someone that was five nine. I imagine cooking on that grill was probably terrible on your back. Did your back kill when you would have shifts? The first issue I faced was the fan hood overhead. Oh. That would like take the exhaust. It'd have a nice sharp corner on like the excess of it. And my freshman year took a nice head shot off that. And then from there was very aware of its surroundings. Yeah, you need to walk around with a helmet. Other reasons too. But yeah, for sure. My heart related thing. Okay. I just, I got worried about you. Okay, so you're popping noodles on this grill top. So my shift is always the dinner shift.


It was like four to nine and about half hour of renting my shift, I'd take my dinner usually when if I was working there I would make a big old plate of that noodles, load it up on the go Jen. 'cause I liked it. Go eat, come back to work, clean up and then head back to my dorm. And usually full disclosure, by the time I got back to my dorm, that's about time when the spice would make its way through and off I go. Clockwork. So this night had my dinner, went back to work and then was cleaning up and started feel some grumblings inside and I thought we're okay, we can finish up the shift and head home and clean up a little bit more. And then we thought, okay, let's just be smart here. Let's be proactive, let's go find the bathroom and head out. It was the end of the night.


So a lot of students were leaving. It was closing. The bathroom was occupied near the front of the building. So I was like, that's fine. We have an employee bathroom down opposite end of the whole building. So I head downstairs, employee entrance side, there's the laundry room, there's the freezers where all the food kept, hustle past all that. It's center of the night. That's occupied too by some student employee. You've just spent a lot of your time crossing this building. At this point you're probably thinking like, God dammit, if I just headed home, I might be there by now. Yep. But I still need to like clock out. And so at that point there's a little bit of panic. Sure. Not a lot yet. So I start heading back the other way. Maybe that bathroom's now open, obviously make it all the way back up the stairs.


It's not, Ooh, we're fully in a panic mode. We start heading back downstairs and we're like, alright, maybe that one's gonna be open in my head. We know it's not. So we start thinking what's around me. And earlier I walk past the laundry room. Oh. And we duck into the laundry room. We close the door and we assess the situation. What's in here? What can I make use of? There is like a sink, a washer, a dryer, a mop bucket. Okay. A trash bucket. And we think, what would I cause the least collateral damage You're about to shit in public in a closet. But you're still a gentleman. I'm Not looking to ruin anyone else's day but mine. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But the decision was then made for me as I was weighing the options and the cork has been popped.


Oh okay. Oh my god. Oh wow. Lava flows out. Oh, okay. Hold on a second. And You're staring at a bucket. We're weighing decisions. These are decisions to be made and they were not made in Time. It sounds like you had decision anxiety or decision fatigue. But I also wanna point out, 'cause I know you so well, Monica, when you heard that the cork popped, I felt like you got a little pq. Did you get a No. Okay. No I did not. I just, I don't know you well about, I felt it kind of viscerally. Oh, okay. Okay. Because when I talk it, Okay. Trains left the station at this point mentally. Yeah. And so I am very tall. My pants in seam is 38 inches. So I figured, okay. There's a lot of capacity here to be filled up.


Sure, sure. And we're safe. The damage is done. The toothpaste is out of the tube and we're just like, let's just go clock out. Hold On, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. No, let's not just go clock out. Your pants are full of shit. We wanna lock the doors somehow. We wanna turn 'em inside out. Get it in that bucket. Maybe. I don't know what we're gonna try to mop up the inside of the Pants. There's a washing machine there. I might wash. I might just spend the whole dealing with this. But did you make any attempt to fasten the ends of your pants? I Shoved the bottom of the pants into the shoes. So we're hopefully a self-contained system here. Okay. This is closed loop System. That must be a smart school. Well he is smart, you can tell. Yeah. Technically on a degree, but barely. Wait, what color were the pants?


Dark jeans. Okay. That's good. That's what you want. You'd Prefer black, but Sure. So yeah, I go clock out and I make my way amongst the crowd to head out. It's still pretty busy, but I'm walking like a cowboy that just got off a long horse ride or something. I'm trying to be nonchalant about it. But you know, Also, can I add, again, I know I keep talking about your height, but it's like you're not able to blend in. Whatever you're doing is gonna be observed. If you got a crazy walk, people are gonna be like, look at that tall guy with the crazy walk. Also, your butt is like at most people's faces, That's where the danger comes in. Really Unfortunate for them at this point. Bad on a normal day. Terrible today. So we're walking up the front stairs amongst the crowd.


We crossed a hundred or so yards to my dorm room. We get upstairs, shower, those pants obviously destroyed. Threw 'em in the trash in the trash room immediately. Okay. And went to bed. And at this point I thought that's the end of the story. But unfortunately that's just part one. Oh no. Oh Wow. Part two. Next day we fast forward to the shift again getting set up in the sushi area. Some other student employees just like talking, say hi. We catch up and then one of 'em say, Hey, did you hear about Mike? Mike is the guy who worked at the nearby station. And she starts laughing and she says he broke his arm. And I say, I don't know why. That's a funny bit of information to tell me, but sure. And she's like, no, he slipped and fell when leaving work last night. And I was like, I don't understand why this is hilarious to you.


No. She's like, no, no, no. Stop. He slipped. Stop on the stairs on poop. Stop It. No, no. I'm not about to take a full blame for this because we don't know a hundred percent that someone else didn't have a story right after this. That's Right. Plausible deniability. Well, At first glance I was like, this is crazy. This is you. It's your fault. And now you're trying to shirk your responsibility. But what I will say in your defense is other people ate the same noodles that fucked up your butt. So maybe multiple people shit their pants that day. That's a good argument. And you already said it's a huge school. I Don't think it was yours.


I just think If you have 46,000 students, probably on any given day, one or two people have shit their pants. I don't think it would've escaped the sock. You would've noticed it. A little morsels of shame pawing out. You know, You fucking broke your coworker's arm. What a left turn. Allegedly. Allegedly any other cast like up to his arm. Like the right angled cast for like a couple months. Oh Fuck. You really got him? Oh No. And he probably wasn't able to work. No, He was Fine. He probably got lot of attention. Got a date. Oh, If I broke my arm on somebody's poop. Oof. Really quick though. I have follow up questions.


How did they know it was shit? The smell and the look of it. It was like on his shoe. Oh, okay. That makes a lot of sense. I bet people would've assumed someone brought a dog in. But the dining common. I'm trying to help you here. I don't know why you're, you're pushing back so hard. Oh, it was the stairs at the dining. Oh no, it's definitely you. No, it was you. And I'm your defense attorney. I need you to shut up and let me paint the case for you. Oh my God. And by the way, we'll probably have a prompt in the future that's like, tell us about a crazy way you broke a bone. We might talk Tomorrow. Oh, let's write that down. That's a great idea. That'd Be pretty Funny.


Did you come clean? Oh no, no, no, no. This is the first time anyone has heard this story in my life. My wife's here. I said I got approved for the prompt. And she's like, what prompt. And I didn't answer. She said what prompt she, at the end of this would love to say hi, but we don't know what kind of face we're gonna get. Okay. It's all coming clear to me now. Does he remind you as well of that great comedian? He reminds me of Zach Woods. Yep. Do people tell you that? Yeah, that's flattering. Oh yeah. He's hilarious. Yes. Yeah, he's also really good looking. Very, I'll take it. Okay, well we'd love to talk to your wife. I wanna see what kind of gal you wrangled with this wreckage in your past. She's pretty cute. It's Gonna lower his head to go.


Oh my God. He did have to. Yeah. Fuck. Well we heard him killing her. What's that? We've never seen her. Oh, a child. Oh yay. Oh my gosh. I can't believe it's you guys. Hi there. Who's this cutie pie? Who's this little redhead? She was Wondering who daddy was talking to in the closet. Ah, no one. Don't worry about it. Just a good Story. Princess Anna's husband, that's who daddy's talking to. Big fans of Frozen over here. That carries a lot of weight in this house. Yeah. How are You? Well you guys happy holidays. What a great story. He almost killed a man by shitting his pants. He won't Tell me anything.


I have to wait to listen. Listen. Oh this is shit exciting. Yeah, don't worry. I just ruined the plot twist. Did you guys meet in college? No, we actually met in high school. We didn't know each other. We were not High school Sweetheart. Correct. We reunited during college At a bar In your hometown or at a reunion actually. Exactly. At a trivia. Yeah. A little Irish bar in our hometown where kids played trivia after high school because they were living at home with their parents. Can I say that's a great group? If you're gonna meet someone at a bar, do it at a trivia night. I agree. Put that degree to use. Yeah, we are pretty good too. So we decided to get married. Nice. Do you guys continue to compete in trivia? Not As much.


We have two little ones now. So it's harder to get out for trivia nights. Yeah, you're fucked for about seven more years. It's a good trade off. It is. Thanks for chatting with us. That was Great. Yeah. Thank you so much All Take care you guys. Alright, bye-bye. Bye bye. What a great look. Oh, he Was hilarious. We love him. Right? And we were just talking about redheads. I know that was You Get a little redhead. Oh, I should asked if she had dimples. Hello? Hi. Sorry. I don't know why my video's not working. Let's get that video cracking. What's happening? You know your voice without video accompaniment. You could be nine.


I was like, did Lincoln call? I Get that a lot. You'll have to guess how old I am. Oh, this is a fucking game. Ooh. It's starting with a mystery, but I also want to see you. Yeah, yeah. You can try disconnecting and reconnecting. Oh, Rob's says disconnect and reconnect. See if that works. Okay, I'll be back. Hopefully see you in a few I's I think he's gonna be 29. I think she's 72. Oh He's 13. I think she's six. No wonder she can't figure out how to get the video to work. She's six. Well if she's six, also Unauthorized Evacuation iss like not that funny. It's like what one today? Like obvious. That'd be funny if we had a baby call up. I pulled my pants one minute ago.


I didn't want to, but it happened.


The Apple Watch series 10 is here. It has the biggest display ever. It's also the thinnest Apple Watch ever. Making it even more comfortable on your wrist, whether you're running, swimming or sleeping. And it's the fastest charging Apple Watch. Getting you eight hours of charge in just 15 minutes. The Apple Watch series 10 available for the first time in glossy jet black aluminum compared to previous generations. iPhone tennis are later required charge time and actual results will vary.


We are supported by Peloton. Peloton can keep your goals on track no matter what season of life you're in, whether you're starting a new chapter or looking for a way to mix up your routine. Peloton is a variety of classes and class lengths that adapt to all the seasons in your life. Whether you want to try a new type of exercise from cycling to Pilates to yoga, running and so much more. There are a huge variety of classes to fit whatever you're looking for that day. Or If you just want to try a new trainer, Peloton has world class instructors to keep you motivated. I was at Molly's gym and she has a Peloton and every time I'm there I try to sneak up there and get a little steal a little sash. Steal a sesh. 'cause it is so fun. It is the whole instructor part and the class. Yes. And any chance you can make working out fun, I'll take it. Peloton is everything you've ever wanted to try. Whenever you need it, find your push. Find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


We are supported by Squarespace. If you've been to the armchair expert website, you've seen Squarespace in action. Wbe Wob made our website using Squarespace, the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. What I love about Squarespace is, aside from the functionality, it's just so visually pleasing. And Rob was able to whip this up in no time with all the incredible templates that were available to him. And it looks Very profess. Squarespace just looks good. And Squarespace optimizes your website for every device. So it looks incredible whether users are on their computer, phone or tablet. No matter what type of site you want to build, Squarespace can help you make it. Wanna make an online store? Squarespace makes checkout seamless for your customers with simple but powerful payment tools. Wanna sell exclusive content on your site? Squarespace has the option to add a paywall so you can sell memberships and courses or files that your customers can download, like music or eBooks. Check out Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to get started, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dax to get started today.


Ah, there you're, yeah, we can see you Success. How's it going? Good. I feel like Monica is probably right While you were gone, we guessed at your age. I said 29. I said 13. I said 72. I turned 29 in a month. Holy Shit. Oh good. Congratulations Monica. Oh that's very exciting. It's funny though, with my job, a lot of people are like, are you 12? Are you 14? Do you talk on the phone a lot for your job? No. Are you a mechanic? No, I'm a fly fishing guide actually. Whoa, That's so cool. Where at what state? Gas Michigan. Oh, gas. I would guess Wyoming, Montana.


I'm in Montana. Wow. Don't fucking celebrate too hard. They're neighboring states. No, That They share many of the rivers. There's only like three options too. That was really good. It's Like the same. Yeah, it could have been Idaho, Wyoming, or Montana. A 33% chance. How long have you been doing that? Three years. I've lived here 11 years. I came out here to go to college. And Let ask you this, I don't want names, I just wanna know, have you had celebrity clients? Yes, we have. Yeah, celebrities. Love fly fishing. The town I live in, apparently Jeff Bridges lives here and then John Mayer lives here as well. Oh wow. Oh, you've never seen either of them Prowling the streets? I've Seen John Mayer.


Oh wow. Oh, at a bar. He goes downtown a lot and then I weirdly pass his house on the river a lot. Okay, great. Creepy. So let me ask you this though. Do you fly fishing in the winter? No, I'm retired. Okay, so you take the winters off I guess. Yeah. Before I was a fly fishing guide, I was a wedding and event floor. So I still do that freelance in the winter. Okay, Nice. Do some people bounce back and forth between ski stuff and fly fishing? Yeah. I'm also a ski instructor. Oh my Gosh. Yeah, I had a watch. Real Jane of all trades. Okay, let's talk shit. Set the scene for us. What happened?


I honestly, I had to like reach out to some people because I think I blacked this out of my memory a little bit. Sure. Brown out. That's what they call It. I was a senior in high school and I grew up in the Pacific Northwest. I was really big into soccer so I traveled around a lot. And then in the spring, soccer was pretty quiet so I always did high school track. So it was the end of the season and it was the state track meet. So select few of us, not the whole team, made it to state and I made it on the four by 200 meter relay. That was the only event I qualified in for state. We traveled down south towards Seattle and it's fun to be on like a relay team for it because you are not in a solo event.


You can like warm up together. But I would notoriously get so anxious before track meets. Everyone's just watching you and you're kind of on your own and you're just sprinting as fast as you can. So we're headed down south and I can feel my tummy. Just a lot of nerves. And the four by two is the first race at track meets. This is different than any other track meet because it's high schools from all over the state. Sometimes you go to track meets and it's just you and a few other teams. But no, it was a full stadium and people were there to watch. Wow. We're getting warmed up. We're wearing big sweats. It's pretty chilly. And underneath I'm wearing super tight compression shorts, you know the really short ones and a little singlet top with my school's name on it.


My stomach is just still not feeling great. Oh No. Can I ask a quick question? What had you eaten earlier that morning? My go-to before track beets was a peanut butter and pickle sandwich. Oh Wow. Pickle get stuff, get little acid, get a little protein, Carbs. But no fish for breakfast. Nothing dicey. Not that day, no. Okay, okay. They give you a warning like you have 10 minutes. And I was the first leg. So I'm the one that gets in the blocks and then they shoot the gun and you start sprinting and everyone's really stoked. You can feel the energy in the stadium. People are excited For the first race, I'm still feeling weird. I try to use the bathroom and I just write it off to nerves.


The moment you start running it kind of disappears and so they tell the runners to get ready. So I take my sweats off and get in the starting blocks and I'm still like a little shaky, but I actually feel okay. When my tummy pains went away, I feel like I'm relaxed. And he says, runners take your mark gets set. And then he fires the gun the moment the gun went off. Oh. Oh my God. My body just released everything. What? Oh great. Before You even got to Run this right on cue or I probably simultaneous to you starting to exert. Yeah. The gun goes off. And in my head I'm like, oh shit.


But it kind of let me get powered me. I, I fucking took off. Well you probably got a shot of adrenaline like you've never had. Well and like I don't want anyone to see this. I gotta run away. You Gotta run right out of this stadium. That's exactly what I was thinking. Blessing in disguise. My shorts were Navy. Oh, Oh thank. Okay. But they're just skin tight. Yeah. And so I could feel it coming down. Oh. Oh God. Oh, oh, oh no. And If you had to guess, no one's gonna like this part, but I must know co consist. If you had to guess at the volume, would you say there's like a pint glass in your shorts more or less about a pint glass. Yeah. Oh so bad. There's a lot of pickles.


I'm just gonna keep sprinting. I feel good now. Right? Of course. Sure. You got it all out. And I can feel my shorts are just soaking wet. Oh, It's just happening. And I try not to think about all the teams on the sidelines and then everyone in the stands I just handed off the baton and sprinted right to the bathroom. Yeah. Okay. You did. You just ran right off the track. Great. But listen, you have the heart of a champion. I love that you didn't let that get in the way. What Would've stopping even done? And everyone knows still about the Poop. Well what do they say? Like better to be quiet than open your mouth and confirm that you're dumb or something. There's some fun saying about talking too much, but in your case, way better to roll the dice and think like people might be curious why you ran away or stay and let them know exactly what happened.


Sadly, a lot of people saw what happened. They did. They, they Were able to see Even though you were lightning fast. Well how did you perform? It was great. We got like fourth place I think, which was huge for us. Oh, Oh great. So it was a good, good start. But my mom saw me run off and she actually came into the bathroom and I was just sitting in the stall and she went to the local Fred Meyers and got me some underwear and some pants and stuff. Oh, Why didn't you just go grab your sweats? No one Knows what to do. No, everyone's panicked. Yeah. Her little baby with her like I can only imagine how young you sounded when you were actually 17.


I like a fucking 3-year-old in there. Oh. I went, oh my god, this is awful high school. Oh. How many people do you think were in attendance? There was quite a bit. Washington's a big state. So they were from all over and it was definitely filled up. I just went home after that. My mom just drove me home. Oh, you didn't stick around? No. You wanted to get outta there. It was a little rough. Did people make funny you after? Who all saw A lot of my team like noticed it. 'cause you know, they're just watching me. Yeah. You're the first person we've ever interviewed that shit themselves in front of a huge audience. Like staring directly at It.


You're watching your body move. Yeah. And was there any follow up with the team when you guys got back together? Did it spread pretty quickly? It spread pretty quickly. Everyone was like, oh my gosh, are you okay? They weren't making fun of me, but they were like, is that why you left? But duh God, people do not know what to say. Did you have a lover at the time? I did. How did they feel? I don't think I ever told him he wasn't there. Sometimes This would spread through the whole school. Oh. At my school. The whole entire school would've known within an hour. Same people have been like, do you hear the relay team got fourth in states? Yeah. Well I heard one of our runners shit themselves, I think Grace. And they're like, oh cool. But fourth place is great.


I feel like with cross country and long distance runners, this happens. Yeah, It Oh, it's standard. Yep. There's numerous videos of marathoners coming across a line. Just is. It's common raining, common shit. A common thing. Yeah. Yeah. I'm really proud of you. You kept your head in it, you kept it floored. I really admire it. Thank You. Yeah. It was the little extra power I needed to finish that race. Well Grace, I loved this story. I look back on it fondly. Okay. It's happened a few more times in my adult life. I would imagine sometimes you're out on that boat for a long time. Fly fishing. Luckily No poop stories. Okay. We're gonna knock on wood, But waiters are ideal to shit yourself in. You're wearing a toilet basically. I know of people that have had to throw their waiters away.


Sure. Can I give a quick shout out to my two ladies that listen with me? Yeah, Of course. Jenny and Abby. You guys are my girls and Thanks for having me on you guys. Yes. This was so Fun. Have a happy birthday. Thank you. Bye bye. Bye. Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than speak out and remove all doubt. There it is. Doesn't really roll off the Top. Abraham Lincoln babe. It babe Lincoln. Oh, it was this time. One of his, his cotillion. Great quotes. Wow. He's like our Churchill. No, but we've said that before and then it's never him. Well he said don't believe everything you read on the internet just because there's a picture with the quote next to it. That's what Abe Lincoln's. He Said that.


Oh my God. He's ahead of his time. Hi. Hi There. What name are we going by today? I was hoping you guys would pick for me. Okay. Okay. You look very much like my aunt and her name was Sue. That's not a popular name anymore. Sue's cute. Is it Okay? I Think that's cute. It's not really popular, but that's okay. I'll take it. It's not but it's cute. Yeah. What about Susie? Like Susie Qs. Susie Q is cute. I like that. Yeah. That's a great hostess product. Suzy Qs. Did you ever eat those? You guys? You mean Swiss cake rolls. I mean Susie Q's. It was a, I know. Bit of a chocolate, dark devil's food cake. Then a huge dumping filling of the twine filling.


And then another chocolate long cake rectangle. Interesting. Really good. Okay, so we're going with Susie again. It's very promising that you want a fake name. 'cause that hopefully that means this is hugely embarrassing. That's the goal today. Yes indeed. It is. Oh my God, I can't wait. Yes. Alright, hit us with it. Okay. So this summer I was sick. I had an awful cold and then it turned into laryngitis. So I lost my voice. When this happened though, I was starting to get my voice back. I'm living at home with my parents while I'm at school. It's good thing to mention, I have a boyfriend, we'll call him Jack. We both work nights so when he stays over at the house, we have the house to ourselves in the daytime.


And so I wanna say around four in the afternoon this day Jack was in the mood for some sexy time. Sure. I wasn't feeling a hundred percent back, but felt well enough to proceed with the sexy time. Oh My. Okay, good. You're a trooper. So at the foot of my bed I have a white wardrobe and then across the room I have my closet. So at the other end, Jack's head is at the end of the bed and I'm sitting on top of him and things are going very well. Great. Right to the point where I reach my climax. Oh, congratulations. That's great. Almost immediately after that it started to feel very wet down there.


Oh, Okay. To the point where Jack then stops and he asks, did you squirt or something? Oh boy. Why is it so wet down there? Oh my God. Is he still your boyfriend? He is. Okay. We've been together for almost three years. Okay. Okay. Can I pause you for one second? 'cause I wanna work through Monica's reaction. Monica, don't you think that's preferred to woo shit. Who like at least it was sexy. I think he shouldn't mention it. I will also say at this point he thinks he's done a very, very excellent job. Yes. He's proud of himself. That's even worse. Yes. No, she just came like a race horse. She just said like a race horse.


Yeah. But Then you, well she didn't say that. It Was a little bit implied, but yeah. But now we know why. Well, we're about to. Well hold. Yeah. Okay. But I'm him. Right? I'm downstairs and I see this wonderful climax and then it's super wet. I mean, that's a pretty natural conclusion is like maybe she squirted. I understand that. You might think it, but I don't think you should ask. Well, you're in a trusting, loving relationship. Yeah. Well it didn't sound like a news. Did It bother you? I know what it is. You did his voice and you made him sound like a dumb dumb. I think that's what Monica's being figured right now. Yeah. Okay. Maybe I'm not, I'm not very good at replicating his voice. Maybe I should have practiced That. You're five.


All right. So he asked you, Did you squirt Or somehow I think, why is it so wet? Well, I know. He said, Why is it so wet? I Don't know why. But then I look behind me and all I see is just brown everywhere. Oh God. So you sprayed. Yeah. It's like my Asshole excluded. Oh no. Over us. Oh my God. I Have white bedsheets. The white wardrobe. It reached all the way across to my white closet. Oh my gosh. It exploded. Wait, Hold on. I'm shocked you didn't hear it. I had no idea it happened. I, I didn't even feel it.


Right. A lot of stuff was going on down there at the time. Maybe I did feel it and I didn't realize. Well, I think you did feel it. Which is why it was racehorse. As you say, territory. It probably made it better. I don't really wanna admit that, but, But it is, it's, it's it's, wow. Oh, Susie, what an experience.


We are supported by Liquid IV New Year's resolutions are often about creating new rituals for yourself minus sprinting this Year. Yeah, that's a good one. I'm starting to journal more. Journaling, sprinting, take your pick. No matter what your goals, you can enhance them with the support of Liquid iv. It's an easy ritual to start that is scientifically proven to replace necessary nutrients lost from everyday dehydration. Just tear, pour, and enjoy. Liquid IV has delicious true to fruit flavors to keep you hydrated. Like acai berry, lemon, lime, and pina colada. They even have sugar-free flavors like raspberry lemonade and white peach. I love that pina colada. It is so les. I love electrolytes. We all know this. Yeah. This is tried and true. That's your religion. Break the mold and own your ritual. Just one stick plus 60 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. So embrace your ritual with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code Dax at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code dax@liquidiv.com.


We are supported by Quince when it comes to winter. Cozy is king for the ultimate cold weather necessities made from premium materials. You've gotta check out Quince. With Quince, you can treat yourself to true quality at an affordable price. Like something everyone needs in their closet. Quince iss, Mongolian cashmere sweaters, which start at just $50 for real cashmere. That's a great deal. Or they're super soft fleece sweatpants, which are a major upgrade to those old sweats you've had forever. No matter what you're looking for. All Quince items are priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands. And they use premium fabrics and finishes for that high quality feel in every piece. I saw some of these items appear on a very, very trusted gift guide from a friend. Oh really? Yeah. The sweatpants are on there. People love the sweatpants and really great for travel. Yeah. I'm eyeing those sweatpants luxuriate in coziness without the luxury price tag. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for 365 day returns plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


Like the best way I can describe it is, you know, if you're carrying a glass jar of marinara sauce Oh yes. And you drop it. This is perfect. And it explodes the scene that it happens. There's marinara sauce all on the floor, but there's still splatters everywhere. Yeah, that's perfect. Splatter analysis like they do in a murder scene. Holy shit. Oh wow. You covered the room. You painted the room as they say. And what's your first thought? This is not happening. Yeah, Sure. Denial. I'm still sick. My nose is still congested. I don't know if it smells or not. Oh, oh sure. And he's still confused. He is like, are we still going or what? So I'm just like, no, stop.


I put my hand over his eyes and his nose. I think at this point he thinks that I must be like on my period or something and I don't want him to see it. He still doesn't know that I just shit all That. There was an explosion. Did you consider saying, oh my god babe, you shit everywhere, Jack. Oh my God's totally. It sprayed up. Okay. Up it sprayed up into my ass and then outta my ass Asshole. But wow buddy. You really got it everywhere, but it's okay. Good job, Jack. No, you, it definitely would've been more likely to be him than me, but I don't think he would've believed that. Okay. Oh, you got a real issue on your hands. 'cause I imagine your goal now is to somehow escort him out of this room and clean it up, but he never sees a thing.


Yes. In the back of my mind also, this was supposed to be just a quickie. My parents are gonna be putting him soon from work. Oh God duh. This is a disaster. Oh my God. I'm so stressed. His eyes and nose is covered. I help him off the bed. We're both naked, covered and shit. I walk him across the hall into the bathroom. I help him into the shower. Okay. He is doing the right thing. He's letting you do all this. He's not like Me The whole time. He is like, what's going on? Just uncover my eyes. I'm like, Nope. Just trust me. Yeah. You don't wanna see this. Yeah. And as I'm turning on the shower, I hear my dogs running up the stairs.


Okay. They're getting curious. Yes. They smell something. So I have to decide, am I gonna clean him off or stop this mess from eat. Even worse, let them let No, you gotta get in there. 'cause they're gonna track it all over the house. And mind you upstairs is all carpet. Oh. Oh, No, no. This is as bad of a scenario as you can get yourself into. Yeah. So I decide I'm gonna leave Jack. I say, Jack, just keep your eyes closed. Just try to clean yourself off the best you can with your eyes closed. I gotta go do something else. And as I'm running my room to get my dogs, I just hear him yell, oh my God is sheep for me.


And then he starts throwing up. I hear him. It's like, I wrote this scene. Wait A minute. I wish he shit himself somehow like it led to just a Oh my full Collapse. Oh My. Oh yeah. That would make me feel a lot better if we both did it. Oh Wow. So he's dry heaving in the shower Now. What's happening with the dogs? Have they gotten there? Thankfully I stopped them in time. They were just sniffing. But I kicked them out of the room and I closed the door and now I am just like standing in shock at what my body had just done to me.


Yeah. And you're also like, where do I begin? Do I clean myself up, put on clothes in case parents come home, then begin cleaning? Do I start cleaning now while I'm still naked? I decided I was just gonna rip the sheets off of my bed and I hid them in the closet. I had baby wipes sitting in my room. So I just started wiping everything down. I can't smell, but I assume it's smelly. So I open the windows, light the candles. Oh. But it's still just so bad. I am quickly realizing I'm not gonna get it cleaned up in time before Jack gets out of the shower. So I grab all of his stuff and I throw it out in the hallway. I hear him turn off the shower.


He took a really quick shower. He should have taken a lot longer to clean himself off, in my Opinion. Yeah. Yeah. Jack, take your time. We need a little time right now. I just throw on a big shirt just to cover myself up and I meet him out in the hallway and he's just confused. He is like, what happened? Like, are you okay? And he was like, you don't need to be embarrassed. It's okay. And I was just so mortified After he threw up everywhere. That wasn't his choice. You don't choose to throw up. He's not like, you know what I'm gonna throw up right now? It just natural Whatever. I'm just saying, you can't then say don't be embarrassed after you're of course gonna be embarrassed. But he Regrouped and he got himself together and he knew I gotta support her now. He also might've put two and two together.


Oh, she's still sick. He should have just not even asked me to do it. He's learned his lesson now I just tell him, you need to get dressed right here in the hallway. I brought all of your stuff outta my room and you're leaving as soon as you get dressed. Like I kicked him out and as I was shoving him out of the door, I told him, we never ever speak of this ever again. This never happens. Yeah. Yeah. Goodbye. Love you. Please leave. Okay, great. Did he hold true to that? Yeah, we still haven't talked about it. He doesn't even know that I'm talking to you guys about it. That's why we're Gonna use some fake names. Yeah, I've actually only told my sister about it.


What A story though. I bet so many people have done this. I've listened to the previous poop episodes. I honestly think this is karma because the whole time I was listening to those, I was like, I can't believe so many people just can't control their bowel movements. Yeah. Be careful who you judge. That's the lesson of this story. Yes. And it gets a little worse because I realize that I'm still covered in shit right now. I get in the shower now I'm thinking this bodily fluid, what do you call it? DiUS. Oh, hos Hans. Yeah, Hos Reuss has made its way back inside of me. No.


Oh. See that's why we could feel that it was extra wet down there. Right? Oh Fuck Yes, of course. It's very close. This is the worst UTI ever. I cleaned myself really, really well. I ended up not getting UTI or a yeast infection, but I was very paranoid. Wow. Well you dodged a bullet and I'm glad the gods just wanted to smite you a little bit for being judgmental, but they didn't want to give you a a continued condition. Thankful. That's the only time it's happened. Knock on wood. Literally knock on wood. Oh wow. Right now. So I bet you'll probably never have sex if you're sick again. No, I've had a cold like the last two weeks and we haven't done it at all. I'm not risking it. Yeah. You just can't roll the Dice. Yeah. It's like, you know, shaving Lives.


Once your body betrays you that way, rebuilding trust takes a while. Yeah. But shout out to my sister because I was calling her as I was cleaning everything up. Okay. Because I needed some emotional support. Of course. Like process, what just happened. Yes. And instead of like telling me everything's gonna be okay, she burst out laughing and she was like, oh my God, this is such an armchair story. You totally have to submit this. Oh, that's nice. We already planned this as it was happening. Good. Your sister's got her head in the right place. That's right. Yeah. She's the one that introduced me to you guys. Well listen to me. Susie Q, this is in the running for the best one I've ever heard.


This is fantastic. This is really fantastic. Yeah. The fact that it was all over the room is so Powerful. The marinara analogy was really good. I can picture that. You know how it gets like behind the stove, how does it get behind the stove? Yeah. It's so confusing. Now you guys, the marinara is great, but of course I went in my head too, If you can imagine putting a one gallon can of paint on a stool and then taking a sledgehammer and just fucking smashing it. That to me is what I'm seeing. That amount of spatter and yeah, I think that's pretty accurate. Except to give you a little bit of TMI the consistency matched marinara.


Right. Oh, okay. Right. That makes sense. Right, right, right. Okay, so well this is a 20 outta 10 doozy. Yeah. Oh, what a good one. Yeah. I'm very proud of you. This is like therapy for me. I'm too embarrassed to tell anybody else aside from my sister that just mocked me. So I'm glad I got to tell you guys too. I promise you many, many people are gonna go, oh, thank God I'm not the only one. They feel seen. This is the power of sharing trauma. Yes. I'm glad I could heal other people's trauma. Oh boy. Well thank you. From the bottom of my heart. That was spectacular. Thank You guys for letting me share. It's so awesome seeing DAXs chair in person.


Nice meeting you guys. Yeah, you too. You too. Have a great rest of your day. Bye Bye. Oh man, That was spec. Wow. Spectacular. That was a big one. I think Even If you have a pretty good appetite for these kind of stories, that one's gonna test some people. Well, It's scary too. It's like you just never know. You don't, her stomach didn't even hurt. Right. It was a larynx. Oof. You sent me a video of a woman shitting at a grocery store. Oh yeah. And it's epic. Yeah. It's a gal in thin cotton kind of baggy, but short shorts. It's A-C-C-T-V. It's like being filmed in the grocery store. And she rounds this.


It's either a frozen food, like one of those up to your waist, frozen food. They like ice box. So like open ice box in the Middle. Yeah. It's like an island in a kitchen kind of a situation. But it's like probably three feet off the ground. And she comes around the corner and she just quickly squats. She takes her terrycloth shorts, pulls them to the side and does a squirt like a goose. It's so disgusting. It's so foul, but it's not quite ha's hos. It's in between. And then she just gets right up and strolls away. You and I luckily had the same conclusion, which is like, no way. That's the first time It was so practiced So much muscle memory. Like the way she squatted, got that thing to the side squirt and then stood up and walked away.


I was like, oh my God, she's doing this all the time. I think Maybe she is the one that did it at the dining hall. Oh, she could have. She could probably do it while walking. Hi. Oh my goodness. How Are you? To be honest, I'm thrilled. And also extremely nervous. Of course. Let's forget that that's coming. And let's first talk about the fact that this ding, ding, ding for Monica and I. 'cause we were just talking about the dreamiest hair that her baby could have. Yes. And you literally have what we were both, at least this is exactly what I Was picturing. A hundred percent. This is the most gorgeous hair a human can have That has made my entire 2024. I appreciate that. As a little girl, I did not love my hair. And so just hearing you say that does something like deep for my soul.


So thank you. Oh. Oh, it's dark ringlets like that are just the most gorgeous. Beautiful. Do you have dimples too? I Have like a little dimple. Little freckles. Stop. The other piece of the puzzle for Monica was Dimples. Yeah. I said if I'm designing my kid, I'm making them have dimples and I'm making you, how exciting. Monica, I give you permission to adopt me today. I can't wait. A lot of things in childhood I didn't love about myself and I've grown to love. So thank you. Yay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well I was just talking to my daughter about this. She was telling me people have freckle filters now. And I'm like, that's so crazy. 'cause people with freckles hate freckles and people without freckles want freckles.


And I said, you know the headline is you want what you don't have. Absolutely. Okay. Sta walk us through this very human experience. There's nothing to be nervous about. Anyone who says they haven't shit their pants is a liar. No. 'cause I hadn't until recently, so now it would be a lie. So yeah, you're right. I'm hoping that hearing more and more of these stories gives you a lot of empowerment to one day share yours because we're all on the edge of our seat. Yeah. Oh, People rarely in the comments we're like, what are you talking about? We're not gonna hear every detail of this. Yeah. We need all the nitty gritty I will share. And the fact that this is how I have to meet you all. I'm like, here it's So I'm in Nashville, Tennessee. This Unauthorized Evacuation takes place just south of Nashville in Murfreesboro, Tennessee to really set the scene.


This was the summer of 2008. I was 17 and I was working at my job. Baskin Robbins. Yeah. Girl. Hey. 31 flavors now 32. It's a lot of flavors to keep up with. I loved it. This specific Baskin Robbins was very popular for two main reasons. One, it was the only ice cream shop in that side of town. And then two, we were right off one of Tennessee's most trafficked interstate. So we had a lot of local customers that would come in, a lot of regulars. And then we also had a good amount of travelers and pass arrives that would pop in through our drive through and head on their merry way. So it was a summer shift, a hot Tennessee summer. People are at the ice cream shop getting their goodies.


It was me and three other high schoolers running this whole place. Of course. Why give this much responsibility to high schoolers? I always say this, when I go back home to Michigan, I'm reminded that young people run everything back in Michigan. So you go to a Dairy Queen, there's sometimes there's no one there over 14, Just not setting anyone up for success. So I was 17 and I was the shift leader, meaning I had full responsibility of the store. You were the manager basically. General manager? Yeah. Assistant to the regional manager at this point. And so we had a busy summer shift as we always do. And it had just been relentless back to back orders for about an hour. And me and the girls, we are just kind of pushing through. We're all miserable.


We've had angry customers, we've not had a break. And just more and more people keep flooding in. So our entire front lobby was filled with people enjoying their ice cream and a long line that had started to form and our drive through had also been pretty backed up. Ugh, There's a nightmare. Yeah. We're all covered in like ice cream drippings and sticky whipped cream. You just live sticky. Not in the sexy, like I got whipped cream and chocolate on me. It's just like the gross way. So it is a busy time. We've been back to back. We've not had a break to make this day even worse. I had just started my period that day and girls know. Yes, first day of your period, you're crampy. You get like weird hot flashes and heat flashes as like you're dealing with pain. It was one of those days and we just had no break.


And so we are all trudging through and all of a sudden we hear a big collective gasp in the front of the store. And we all kind of turned and look and hear crying from a little boy. And he had dropped his milkshake all over the front part of the lobby. Mm. Oh my god. So on top of like an entirely packed store, we had a huge chaotic milkshake mess. We all take a collective sigh. The girls and I and I quickly come up with a plan and I'm like, you're gonna cover drive-through. Don't let that drop. You make him a new milkshake and you just man the front as best you can. I'll clean up this mess. So I walk to the back to get the mop, another one of these like hot flashes come on.


And I am just feeling really overheated. So I go into our walk-in freezer to just try to collect myself before I go out there and clean up this mess. I walk into the freezer, I'm on the borderline of tears. I'm just about to lose my shit. And I just tell myself just like, suck it up. Let's cool down. I'm still having trouble cooling down from this hot flash. And I say, you gotta get back out there. I open the freezer door, I go to the mop bucket, bend over to turn on the mop water and as soon as I do a fart comes roaring out. Oh my God. A sing out Again, period. Gurgling of the stomach. Yes. It fucks Up your whole system, guys.


I was on the verge of asking what it felt inappropriate. I'm like, doesn't the period also, you often have some butt stuff. Yes. There's all kinds of things happening because The cramping and the The system's a mess. Yeah. Yeah. It's in disarray. The hot flashes were probably the first sign. I just didn't realize that. And so I immediately realized what has happened as I go to turn on this water and just my instinct was to like put my hand on the back of my pants. Yep. And as soon as I did that, there was liquid. Ah-huh. All over my hand. And I am panicking on what to do. Oh My God. Because you already have this fire burning at the front of the store. Oh my God, It's chaotic. Really important. Baskin Robbins had a very specific uniform you had to wear. You had your visor, you had a blue shirt, and you had khaki pants.


No. Oh No. Worst color imaginable. Because it was summer. It wasn't khaki pants, it was khaki short. Oh. So double whammy. I'm like, what am I going to do? So I am just panicking. I have shit all over my left hand. Oh. And I am like, I have got to get to the bathroom. The only way to get to the bathroom was to go back out through the ice cream bar. Oh. Through the front lobby over the milkshake into our bathroom. You'll Walk right by the problem where people can be like, Hey, what's she doing? I had to enter the chaos. And so I don't make eye contact with anyone. I am just sprinting as fast as I can. And I get to the bathroom and someone is in there. No, Why?


Oh, why this tastes too much. Wait, is the milkshake chocolate? I actually don't remember the color. I wanna say mint chocolate chip, because that's just like seared in my brain. But I don't know because I think I might've like gone to the milkshake and slipped. Oh. And got that over my pants. And then, you Know, If you were doing your best thinking and you weren't panicked in your amygdala, you probably could put all that together. That would be the move. Come out with the mop bucket and then just Whoa. And you Said no. Then you're all over. But you're screaming like, oh no, I'm falling. But you sit. Yeah. And honestly, that was something I would've done. That was my personality. But my executive functioning was closed Down. Yeah. Yeah. Not Adoption. So I am at the bathroom.


I just immediately turned my back to the wall so no one can see me. And I'm waiting there for a few minutes and that's when the smell really starts hitting me. Oh, I'm like, this is really, really bad. I genuinely close my eyes like an O, just praying no one can see me as if that's gonna help. I finally get into the bathroom, I just take my pants down, I gotta assess the damage. And it was as bad as I had expected. I go to start washing my shorts in the sink as if that, that's the only thing I can do. And quickly realized that that was also probably not a great move because this is not like khaki material. This is like some Walmart or Kmart hybrid fabric. So I just now have very wet shorts. Oh. And a brown stain shorts. Oh, and what about your underwear?


Like are you out in the basket? Robins like make it, how are you washing your pants? I do remember I was in a thong and had a tampon. This is way too much information, but I remember I was Just, this is, these are all the details Standing essentially butt naked and washing. And I had to put the shorts back on and I was like, okay, what am I gonna do after I put these shorts back on? Because They're visibly now wet. 'cause they're khaki, they're Visibly wet and they're so visibly like brown. There's no soap in there to scrub. I've ruined them. I've ruined my entire existence. I'm like, I've got to just get back to the back room, get my keys, and I'm just gonna drive home. I'm not gonna clean up the milkshake. I've gotta get outta here. I delined out the bathroom. It smells horrific. It's very clear.


Somebody's had like some things going on. Some sickness. Yeah. I go through the lobby, I hop over the milkshake mess. It's still chaotic out there. And I just grab my keys. I don't tell my coworkers, I don't tell anyone. I just go to get in my car. Now the fun part about this is actually probably what's seared in my brain the most is it is a hot Tennessee summer. So it is probably a hundred degrees out. I had a super old clunker, had a 1992 Ford Explorer, and it had like weird leather seats in there. So I get into my car and I'm getting second degree burns sitting on this searing leather. Yeah. And none of my windows go down. My passenger side window will roll down, but no other windows roll down. Oh. And I don't have working ac, so I'm sitting in my hot shit pants with my legs burning, no ventilation.


Oh. And our drive through is backed up, so I'm not really able to like get out of our parking spot. So I'm just sitting there, finally get home, I shower, I change, I clean off my car, go back to work. And I was just like, maybe they won't notice that I was gone. Oh, you Went back? Oh my God, I did go back. Yeah. The rush had died down. And I'll never forget a girl I was working with, her name was Courtney. She just looked at me and she's like, like, what the hell? And I was like, I'm so sorry I had a period accident. Yeah. I felt like that would get me out of it. Yes. And she was like, oh, okay. Didn't mention it at all. And so I got out of it. I lied to her. Oh. So that was my unauthorized back. Oh man. That could have also been under the heading. Like, tell us about the worst day of your lives.


Yes, I was gonna, but we had a heading that was like Alexander's no bad, very whatever that one we did that once. This could have definitely been at that. I thought the same thing. There's too many things going wrong at once. Perfect Storm. And you know, I wouldn't have had to go out there if the milkshake hadn't have fallen. That's why I like this prompt. You deal with people dying in your life. That's horrendous. There's all these things you deal with, but I would argue you'll never experience anything on planet earth. That's as bad as having a pants full of shit and trying to figure out how the fuck to get out of this situation. That's about as high stakes as it gets. All my friends know this story. I have chosen to own it as an adult. And I was like, if I get a chance to meet Dax and Monica, it's worth telling millions of People. Well, it's also a character builder. It is. Because you really find out what you're made of and you find out I can survive.


You also just feel more human than you've ever, or more animalistic than you've ever felt. More tong cut esque. Yeah. I was also on my period during my incident. So Monica, you just say is a period accident, not a shit accident. And you should tell us. So That's right. That's okay. I tbd on that. I wanna just have my cringe moment. I know all the armchair have to express gratitude, but you guys really did a good job reflecting on this in the Lisa Kudrow fact check recently about how do you accurately and adequately share your appreciation with like people you've admired from afar. And I don't know if I'm gonna do it correctly, but I do wanna name just like deep gratitude for both of you.


Just one who y'all are, and two, the work you've put into the world. Monica, as a brown girl who's lived and born and raised in the south, the way you have chosen to share vulnerably about that experience on such a wide platform has helped this little brown girl feel really seen. Oh, that's so happy. And it's something I don't think a lot of people who don't experience that understand how important it is. And you bring light to it in the small moments and in the big moments how it shows up. So thank you for choosing to share that. You're just such a beautiful soul and I really appreciate you. Oh, Thanks. First of all, A plus. Yeah, You nailed It. Yeah. I'm a little well up, so Yeah, you did so much better than I did. Course it course's her compliment.


Well, it's her compliments. It's probably easier for me to hear, but yes. That was great. Well, Thank you. And Dax, I have an equally like, hopefully heartfelt one for you. We have a lot in common in our upbringing. I had multiple stepfathers addiction, alcoholism abuse was part of my childhood, and it kept my father from being able to have an active role in my life. He struggled with sobriety. It ultimately killed him at a very young age. So I never got to have a relationship with him. And I've worked really hard to change generational patterns and I see that you have too, and I might cry at this part, but seeing how much you love your girls and how much you choose sobriety every day for them brings my heart so much joy.


I understand sobriety is not an easy thing to choose hour by hour. I've had to love a lot of addicts through my life, and I know it is a hard decision. And you doing it because you love your daughters and your family so much is such a beautiful gift. And as a hopefully generational change maker myself, I see that in you and you give me a lot of encouragement just in who you are and how you show up and how you actively fight against those survival tactics that we had to grow up with. You brought up my daughters and now there's tears streaming down my face. Thank you. Thank you, Stacia. You deserved that. Yeah, you did. You should have had a dad just like me.


Thank you. Well, when I adopt you, You'll be my grandchild, dad. Well, you'll be my grandchild at that point as well. Well, Oh, that's true. Yeah. I'll take it. But I'm raising my own daughter as you can see, and it's been really healing that, and I have a very full life now, and I'm super grateful for all that you've done. You've completely fucked me up. So mission accomplished. Thank you for listening To us. We do not deserve You. No, no, we don't. You're incredible. You guys are wonderful and I really appreciate who you are and the work you put out. I Really do. Right back At you. Well, thank you. That was a really nice Christmas present to me and I think to Monica. Yeah. Thank you. All right, well, I pray I bump into you in Tennessee.


Yeah. Oh, I'm praying even harder. So hopefully we'll Make it happen. All right. Great meeting you. Bye bye. Bye. Oh boy. She got us. Huh? She is very sweet. Mm. Every one of those stories Is Dynam. Those were big ones. Biggies not a dud in the group. I don't ever want to go to the well too often, but I gotta say this prompt always delivers. It does. But if we heard it every week, I would be sick of it. And I think that's Why said, I don't wanna go to the well too much. This was great. They knocked it out. Knocked it out of the park. Thanks. Arm cherries. All right. I love you. Love you. Do you wanna sing a tune or something? We have a theme song. Oh, okay, great.


We don't have a for this new show. So here I go, go, go. We're gonna ask some random questions, get some suggestions on the fly Rish on the fly. R enjoy.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


On January 5th, 2024, an Alaska Airlines door plug tore away mid-flight, leaving a gaping hole in the side of a plane that carried 171 passengers. This heart-stopping incident was just the latest in a string of crises surrounding the aviation manufacturing giant Boeing. In the past decade, Boeing has been involved in a series of damning scandals and deadly crashes that have chipped away at its once Sterling reputation at the center of it all. The 7 37 max, the latest season of business wars explores how Boeing wants the gold standard of aviation. Engineering descended into a nightmare of safety concerns and public mistrust. The decisions, denials and devastating consequences, bringing the titan to its knees and what, if anything, can save the company's reputation. Now, follow business wars on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge business wars, the unraveling of Boeing early and ad free right now on Wondery Plus.