(0s):
We are supported by Squarespace. Guys, we have a Squarespace website that it's just gorgeous. That WBE wob. you You built that yourself using all the templates. Yeah, I sure did. Yeah. Easy peasy. So easy. The. best part about Squarespace is it's an all in one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. You can get discovered fast with integrated, optimized SEO tools, and you can choose from professionally curated layouts and styling options with Squarespace Blueprint. Plus, you can kickstart or update written content on any website, product description, or email with Squarespace ai. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial and save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain with the code. Dax

(48s):
Apple Card isn't your typical credit card. It's everything a credit card should be and more. With Apple Card, you earn daily cash and you get it daily on all your purchases up to 3%, which is amazing. It's the only credit card built into iPhone. So you get the same ease and simplicity that you've come to expect from iPhone. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.

(1m 15s):
Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm Randall Shepherd. I'm joined by Lily Padman. Today is Beach And. that is what Ken is a specialist in. That's right. He's a specialist in beach. That's all he knows. That's One of my favorite jokes in that Movie. That was a good one. Yeah. And then they had to beat each other off too. What? don don't That. Yeah, I remember they had to beat each other off. I didn't see it still. You don't Remember that part? No, I don't. And they're chanting beat each other off. Did you dream this? No. No. This is very much a part Of They ch they chant beat each other off. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like let's have a beach off and like beat each other off. Oh. And then it's just beat each other off somehow. Wow. Okay. Yeah.

(1m 55s):
I'm gonna have you take it right now. Back check. Fuck it. We're in a hurry, but I'm not, what's the film called? Barbie. Barbie. Oh, it looks like this beach was a little too much beach for you, Ken. If I wasn't severely injured, I would beat you off right now. Ken, I'll beat off with you any day. Ken, hold my ice cream, Ken. Alright, Ken, you're on. Let's beat you off. Anyone who wants to beat him off has to beat me off first. I will beat both of you off at the same time, but you don't even know how to beat yourself off. How are you gonna beat Ken? Why are you? Nobody's gonna beat anyone off. Oh, that's so funny. You were so right. You didn't remember that at all. I've only seen the movie once in Oh, you're Not a Feminist, so I should, I had a hunch.

(2m 36s):
I was more of a feminist than you. Oh, yep. Oh God. I hate that we had to find out in public for your sake. It's really a big bummer for me. Oh, beach. Hold on. Was that even a sneeze? What? Good question. Whatcha doing over there? I had a sneeze. You're falling apart. No, I'm getting stronger. I'm gonna beat you off. Oh God. Okay, so yes, today's prompt is beach. No, not beach you off, but just general Regular Beach. Stories. Yeah. Tell us about a crazy trip to the beach or beach story. And we got exactly that. We got some hot, tasty Beach Stories coming your way. Just lemme scan this and make sure that it's worth a listen.

(3m 17s):
Do you have plans? You've seem very impatient to get away. Get away from me. No trapped in quiet. Okay, so yeah, there's some animal on animal attack in this. I guess we could say that's Bestiality. Well between animals. Well there don don't think it was sexual. Maybe it started sexual and ended. If an animal has sex, sex with another animal, with another type of animal, Then another species. Yes. Is what I meant. Would that qualify as bestiality? I think so because we're an animal and if we have sex with another species, we are very guilty of bestiality. Yeah. Okay. And don don't wanna reopen the conversation about dolphins in transcending order, which would be the most offensive.

(3m 59s):
Yeah, we're not going there. Okay. Okay. Happy beach day. Alright, Happy beach day Times. Come and go. Take Callahan Callahan brake pads. Callahan, Callie. You remember Callahan brake pads from Tommy Boy? Oh No. Big Tom Callahan. Yeah, vaguely. That was his daddy. It was dadda. His daddy.

(4m 40s):
His daddy. That was his big daddy. Hello? Can you hear us? You know what? I can hear you. Oh, wonderful. Where are you? I'm getting glimpses out the window. I think I see pine trees. Do I? What am I seeing out the window? Good Guess. Any thoughts? Pacific Northwest? No, I think you're in South Colorado. South Colorado. Dax has got it. Pacific Northwest. I'm located in an area near Vancouver, BC Canada. It's actually an island called Bowen Island Ooh. And are you Canadian? I'm Canadian, yep. Wonderful. And Callahan's a great name. Is that a code name or that's your real name? That's my real name. I wish I could take credit for it, but I didn't have any say in the matter back in the day.

(5m 22s):
The story of the name is my parents on ad for a boxer named Kid Callahan selling a Sealy Posturepedic mattress. Oh, that's where It came from. Oh wow. Okay. You have a beach story. This Story takes place in Europe, specifically in Croatia. Back in 2016. At the time I was doing an exchange for school and the plan was to move there, do the exchange, and then travel around in a van for a couple of months. My girlfriend at the time, Lauren, who plays heavily into this story, came with me. So she took some time off work and came to Europe for five months, which was awesome. Didn't have a ton of money. We bought the best van we could, which was this sort of old 15-year-old Renault small van.

(6m 2s):
Think of like the Ford Transit vans. You see the small ones that the mail carriers use. Something sort of like that. And we turned it into this camper esque style vehicle that we planned to live out of for a couple of months. And you bought it off of a Croatian person? We were based outta Berlin originally, so we bought it in Germany. And. that was where the trip was starting. We had some family there that were sort of supporting us getting ready to do this trip. And so yeah, we bought it in Berlin for don don't know, a thousand euros or something. Okay. That very much. We'd been going for a couple weeks. We had a good little routine down. You know, we'd get to a campground set up, make dinner generally. Just have a really good time at this point. We've been entirely inland. So Berlin, Vienna, Prague, Budapest. And then the plan was to cut to the coast.

(6m 44s):
So basically through Croatia and get to this little island called Kirk. Sorry if I'm mispronouncing it. And it was great day Sun was out. We finally get to the island and it's this really nice windy, steep road down to this campground, which we found. And don don't know if you guys have ever camped in Europe, but it's a little different than camping in the Pacific Northwest. No, Camping here is a gravel piece of area with maybe a picnic table in the fire pit. And a lot of the campgrounds there are like mini resorts. Oh, restaurants, bars. Oh, I wanna go there. I love camping now. Hey, if you're gonna camp, that's a good way to do it. So yeah, we found this wonderful little place and you know it was in this little town. It was just a couple minutes from the beach.

(7m 26s):
So we set up, I crack some wine, start making dinner. Lauren goes to the grocery store to grab some more wine and have a pretty standard night. And at this point we're like, Hey, there's some music. It sounds like there's a bar over there. Let's head over. So open up another bottle of wine, top off the glasses, go for a walk. Oh, this sounds lovely, doesn't it? Yeah. Beautiful night. Fantastic night. And we're, we're getting close to the bar and the music's on. And Lauren sort of says, I love this song. I can't really think of who it is. And maybe this doesn't have context in the story, but I think it does. And I very confidently explained, oh, Eagles of Death Metal. A hundred percent. Interesting. And she goes back, it is definitely not eagles of death metal. I've never heard of them in my life. And I had that sort of feeling. Good confidence.

(8m 6s):
Be like, Nope, you're wrong. I know exactly what's going on. It's Eagles of Death metal. I got this. In hindsight, it was black keys. Okay, sure. Okay. So I wasn't quite a hundred percent nailing it. You weren't on point. We Get to the boardwalk, get down to the beach, it's a few steps down and it's this nice pebbly beach. Not sort of a sandy one, but it's beautiful. We sit and we watch the sunsets. It's not that busy. The sun's down. We're sitting there and I say, you know, we should go for a swim. At this point, we hadn't brought suits. And I was like, we could go for a skinny Dip. Like the Europeans, Very European. And my memory serves that there wasn't an emphatic yes, but there wasn't a no. Oh, oh boy. Okay, now here's the gift of drinking.

(8m 47s):
When you've got a few glasses of wine and you, or a few cocktails, you're up for that walk. And, that exploration. There's something about your demeanor that gets really optimistic. And. yeah. That's worth the effort to go check something out. That's the upside. But then this is where it bites you in the butt. 'cause then you're also like, well let's go skinny dipping. That also sounds like a good idea. And so it's hard to delineate which are good ideas and additive and which are okay. I just wanted to point that out. Yeah. And I don't think a couple of glasses of wine would've changed that in that scenario. Maybe the speed at which I was then naked and running towards the water would've changed. Okay. Yeah. But to be fair, Lauren was on board. She was only a few steps behind me.

(9m 27s):
And so I'm sprinting into the water and I get to I, don know, maybe knee deep. And all of a sudden there's a sharp pain in my foot. And so I do what you would do if you have a sharp pain in your foot. I sort of drop down into the water and the process kind of spin a bit. And now all of a sudden there's a sharp pain in my butt. Oh. And I of course scream. And I turn around and look at Lauren and she's naked about ankle deep, stopped kind of doing a Venus pose, being like, what the hell's going on? My boyfriend just ran in the water and then started yelling. And it's at this point, my eyes start to adjust and I can see the nice, beautiful gray pebbly bottom of the ocean. And then very distinct black marks all over the place.

(10m 10s):
And it's, at this point I realize that they're sea urchins, Ooh, and hundreds of them Ooh like a sea urchin minefield essentially is what I've wade into. And there's Spiny in the puncture. Oh, so you went swimming on a cactus Essentially. Ooh. And at this point, my eyes have adjusted. I can pick my way back out through them. Lauren of course is retreated and is now sitting on the beach dressed. And I get out and start getting dressed. And almost immediately things are a little more difficult than they were when I went in the water. I have this memory of trying to put my shorts on. And for some reason that was hard. I start slurring my words a little bit.

(10m 51s):
Oh boy. Poisoned Not making a hundred percent sense. Yeah. Yeah. Lauren kind of goes, we both have had the same amount to drink. Something's going on. And so of course she gets a little bit of panic of what if he's been poison? He is gonna stop breathing. We need to get him outta here. Yeah. We had a cell phone, but we weren't using it. We were just connecting to wifi. Like we literally never carried it. And so the plan was to get me back to the van and figure it out from there. And so we go back up the steps. I'm leaning on her. I'm six two, she's five, five and a half. And as we're walking, more weight is going on and eventually I'm down. Oh No. Ooh. Are you scared yet? No, I have no concept of what's going on. You don't know that You're super intoxicated looking.

(11m 32s):
Not a clue. And so she flags down this group of girls. It's kind of at this point of the night where a lot of the story is now gonna be referenced. And her story, because I don't remember a lot of it. I have flashes of it. I remember these girls being very done up. Kind of a Jersey Shore style. Big hair, very patterned dresses, long nails. And the only reason I remember that is because I remember laying on the ground looking up and having that sort of movie image of all the heads looking down on you. Oh geez. Yeah. Yeah. Poking at me for some reason with extremely long nails. I don't really understand why it's at this point that the meal from earlier reappears you throw up and throw up. Yeah. Oh God, Ooh. This is bad, Man. Yeah, this is nose dive. They Call the ambulance. The ambulance shows up.

(12m 13s):
Lauren explains the situation. Of course. And immediately they say there's nothing poisonous. He's drunk. They wanna write you off. They've seen a million of these North Americans come through. They Just can't handle their alcohol And their fancy thousand dollar vans. Yeah, exactly. Can't handle it. And so there's a bit of a discussion about it. And they get me on a stretcher, they wheel me back to the ambulance, they hook me up to IV and start pumping fluid into me. And it turns out the plan was really not to take me to the hospital, but to really just give me fluids and send me on my merry way. And then they proceed to drive us back to the campground lights on, and basically haul me out of the ambulance and stuff me into the back of our small conversion van that we were using to sleep it off.

(12m 55s):
You Can't do that to sleep it off. Well, we're in Croatia. Liability's not as big of a industry there. Yeah. And so flash to the next morning, I wake up and Lauren fills me in on the details. And I wake up with what can only been considered the Worst, hangover, sickness feeling, whatever you want to call it, I've ever felt we decide to move on. The campground's expensive. And I'm kinda like, I'm out. You're driving. And one detail I forgot to mention is that it's obviously an older van, it's standard orange, kind of knows how to drive standard. Okay. Kind of. But also we drove down windy roads. It was hilly. Oh no. Yeah. And so we make our way out and Lauren gives it her best attempt to get back up that hill after a few few attempts.

(13m 36s):
And we kind of sit there and I'm, as you do when you're not feeling great, struggling to even keep my eyes open. Somehow we exchange seats, we proceed to continue on the rest of the day. And to this day, we still don't know. Was it the wine? Was it the sea urchins? Oh, It's gotta be sea urchins it a hundred percent. Yeah. Yeah. You would think, you know, we were both doing the same thing. Drinking the same thing. They even said it was drugs at one point. That was what the paramedic said. And I was sort of was like, don don't have a Croatian drug guy hanging out. Yeah. Yeah. I don't have a hookup. So you'd thrown up, did you end up shitting yourself at all? Is that part of this? I could have guessed you were gonna ask that. No, there wasn't any poop involved. So I had a Very similar experience in life. I was at the beach in Santa Barbara, I was 20 years old.

(14m 18s):
I went out swimming. I guess my conclusion at this point is I must have got stung by a jellyfish or something. But same thing where I came back on shore, started feeling a little weird and was putting my shirt on and I got trapped. I like couldn't complete it. And I was in my shirt going, what the fuck is going on? And I was losing all energy Ooh. And I just fell back on the sand, all wadded up in my shirt. And Aaron's like, what the fuck's going on? And I was just incapacitated for like 30 minutes and then slowly started coming out of it, but it was just outta nowhere.

(14m 58s):
It scared the fuck outta me. 'cause I was like, I'm dying something. Oh, something. You were aware. Yes, I was aware I was losing all of my energy and power. Do you think it was narcolepsy? No, I think I got stung by like a jellyfish or something. But the coincidence of getting two punctures and then immediately feeling These things carry all kinds of poisons, O cam's, razor or occam's, however you like to say it. They were so adamant that it wasn't that. That's what's interesting. But in my head, I'm thinking they're not marine biologists. So they really know all of the things that are in this area. They've Been told Don't bring anyone to this hospital unless we Absolutely. Yeah. Have to have them. Especially if they're North American And they haven't paid into this healthcare system. Yeah. Fuck yeah.

(15m 38s):
Oh wow. Scary. Well, Callahan, I'm glad you made it out of there. Did you end up marrying Lauren? That's An excellent question. And actually the person who told me to submit to this would like to potentially say hi. Okay. This is Lauren. Hi Monica. Hi there. Hi. We have a bambino. Yeah, this is Bryn. Oh, Brin. Oh, Look at Brynn's. Beautiful is Brynn's Skin's so soft. Oh, so soft. Oh, It looks really soft. So you believe that it was a poison, right? It was definitely not just the wine. Yeah. He had the same amount. It was instantaneous. When he came out of the water, he was slurring.

(16m 19s):
He couldn't focus on me. Yeah. That is scary. It was so bizarre. Yeah, I was pretty freaked out. 'cause his heart rate was fine. Like all his vitals seemed to be okay. Like they were so sure that it was alcohol induced. Like Yeah. They've dealt with too many drunk vacationers. Exactly. Like an allergy to the sulfites or something. I was like, yeah, but we've been drinking lots of wine on this trip. Yeah. Never had this problem. I'm with you guys. There was a poisoning in that. That's right. Croatian body of water. I think so. Yeah. I wanna say one thing to Monica Race to 35. I loved that Series. Oh, thank you. We were going through fertility treatment when I was listening to that. Oh. And it made a not great experience.

(16m 60s):
Comfortable and humorous. So really appreciated that. Yeah. Thank you so Much. Wonderful. And it worked. Yay. Yeah. And It did. Yay. Yay. And our good friend Robin's been the one that suggested that we should listen to you guys. So big. Shout out to her. Thank Robin for us. Yeah. We would've told her that we were on. We told her. Cal submitted, but she would've banged the door down. Needed To be here. Well, we're delighted to have all you aboard. So nice meeting you guys. Thank you so much. All right. Bye. That was a really cute, some family. Tiny. Yeah. Okay. I think. Think I know what happened. Oh, so Putin was in town. Oh, okay. And he was supposed to go Swimming there. No, I'm sorry. One of his enemies. Navalny. One of his enemies was in town.

(17m 41s):
Okay. And they were gonna bring him swimming. Sure. Under the guise of some regular swimming. But they had poisoned it, the whole area. Yes. And unfortunately Callahan got there first. And so the ambulance people were told, don't take a poisoned person to the hospital. 'cause we're trying to kill them. Okay. They were all in on the Kremlin's scheme. I Figured it out. That's the opposite of OAMs razor. That's the most complicated answers. Usually the right one. Urchins, razor Oh. My God. Can't resist. All right. Here's Heather. Hello. Is this Heather? Yes. Hi. Nice to meet you in your closet.

(18m 22s):
Thank You. I am a rule follower. Monica. I appreciate it. I didn't wanna say anything. We've had a lot of calls today. Almost nobody's been in their closet and I've been upset. Well one person was in their closet, but there was no clothes in it. Which is almost worse. Way worse. That's true. A lot of echoing. That's right. Where are you at in the world? I am in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Oh, Wonderful. We do not get to talk to many Oklahomans. What do we say? Oakies? Oakies. Oakies Oakies. Okay. So you have a beach story. I do. Hit us with it. So this was back in 2013. My husband and I were living in Oklahoma City at the time. We were newlyweds and I had just graduated college.

(19m 2s):
He's still in college. So we're thinking let's do something fun for our first wedding anniversary. That's Labor Day weekend. And we don't have a whole lot of money. So we decide we're just gonna pack up the tent in my little Hyundai Tiburon and we're gonna drive down to Corpus Christi in Texas. We hit the road. It's about 10, 12 hour drive. My surprises me and tells me that he had booked a horseback riding trip on the beach. Oh. Oh, in Corpus or in Padre Island. Padre. I'm looking at the website and it looks so romantic. The horses are like trotting in the water. Private beach, sun is setting. We get there, we get the tent set up perfect.

(19m 44s):
We head over to the outfitter that's doing this horseback ride and it's not so private. We have 30 people with us. Hmm. Ooh. That's a lot of horses by the way. Too many. You're getting kicked. Not great. This is a herd. Yeah, it really is. So they're putting people on horses based on their size from smallest to largest. And I'm in the first group with about 10 other people and we get on our horses, but I mean we have to wait 45 minutes before the last group gets on. And my husband's a big guy, so he's literally the last one to get on. Oh, He's on a Clydesdale. They wheel out some Persia on. It really was.

(20m 25s):
He had to get a step stool to get his leg up and over. Oh. my God the horse. So I'm in the very front and he's in the very back. So super romantic. It's about a 200 yard ride on this like pedestrian type path to the beach. You can't see the beach from the stables though. There's a lot of vegetation there. And so we take off and I finally see this clearing to where the beach is at. Not a private beach at all. Very public labor day weekend. Oh sure. We've got coolers, we've got beer. I mean everybody's there. Yeah. There's cars on the beach, right? Yep. Air. I camp there for a week. So you're familiar. Dax. Then it's like hard packs, sand where those cars are driving.

(21m 5s):
It's not loose soft sand. So my group of 10, we start going out onto the beach and we take a turn and I notice we're about a hundred, 200 feet on the actual beach. And this group of guys and motorcycles. Oh come rolling up about to leave. Oh, they all start looking at each other and they're talking. I can't make out what they're doing, but I just get this bad feeling like something's not right. And they all start revving their engines and honking their horse. Okay. And the horses just take Off. Oh my God. Oh boy. Full Stampede. Oh, this is very scary. I blame your people for this. These aren't my people.

(21m 46s):
I know this is my hobby, but I'm not, this isn't my, this Is your, these are Texans. It's fine. I'm thinking to myself, I don't know a whole lot about horses. I know. Pull the rain. That's about it. I know that they're pretty sensitive to human emotions. So like try and stay as calm as possible. Don't squeeze your muscles tight on them. Eventually this thing has to get tired and it'll stop Because it has taken off sprinting at this point. Oh Yeah. I feel like I'm on a racetrack. Oh, Oh. My God. This is, oh, It's just shot out of there and starts racing down the beach. Yeah. And I think it was worse for our first group because they had been waiting for 45 minutes.

(22m 26s):
I think they were just primed to go. Are they running through blankets and coolers? They're saying on the path, but I'm like looking ahead and I see one of the guides gets off. His horse lets it go just free. And he stands directly in the path of my horse. Oh. And I'm like, this guy's crazy. What is he doing? Thinking he's gonna move. Like he's been around horses. They can't see where the shit too. Right. That's the thing about horses. Yeah. And they're panicking. So it just full steam ahead and he ends up lunging and jumping at the front of my horse and screaming at it. Oh wow. Wild Bravado Sends the horse full stop.

(23m 7s):
Rears up. Fucks me off the back. Oh, I go flying. What did this guy think? Oh. my God I. don know. I'm not even sure he knows what he was thinking. So I go off the back, everything's spinning. Sand's coming up and then all of a sudden I feel pow right in the back of my head. And black. Wait another horse. I mean, there's horses everywhere. Oh. my God. This is a nightmare. You know, I'm scared. Horses Are you a ghost Are alive. So I wake up on the beach and this stranger from one of the tents comes and he's screaming at me and he pulls me off the beach and he puts me in a lawn chair. His daughter's getting ice from a cooler and putting it on the back of my head.

(23m 49s):
I can't figure out what's going on. I feel like the monkey in the circus. Everyone's just circling and just staring. Oh boy. He's on the phone. He's asking me, who's the president, what year is it? And I said, look, stop asking me questions, asking about the president, asking. Go find my husband. He's the guy on the Clydesdale. Yeah. He's the back. They find him. His Clydesdale is still on the beach path eating sunflowers. Oh. Oh God. Yeah. Turns out that guy that pulled me off the beach was an off-duty police officer. Thank God. Super lucky. Wherever this kind human is at. Thank you. They don't have enough ambulances because there's some kids that fell off horses.

(24m 30s):
This is A full massacre. It really is. Oh, Red wedding. Yeah. They're like, how are we gonna get a firetruck on the beach? They're pretty heavy. I'm like, actually I'm gonna decline doing that. I couldn't even afford a hotel. You're right. So like hospital stays Out. Yes. An ambulance ride. Those are pricey. Pretty Adamant though that I needed to go. So they end up getting one of those like ambulance fire truck medic trucks. don don't know exactly what they're called, but they get it on the beach instead of like a full fledged fire truck. Yeah. Almost like what the lifeguards would drive. Yes. Yes. Exactly. So they get one of those out there and they get me loaded up. And again, I'm saying this is pretty expensive.

(25m 10s):
We'll just like pack up the tron and head back. It's fine. The medics were pretty reasonable. They said my husband could ride in the front that way you don't have to pay for two people riding the ambulance. Oh my God. I didn't know that. That they charge two people if one's just accompanying. That is so bad. I mean, I don't know if that's universal. Oh, that's the place down there. That's true. Yeah. Yeah. We'll just say in this case, yeah, they were spared that expense. I've denied an ambulance a couple times and it is so sad that like when you come up on young people and they're broke, it's like to not have an option to take an ambulance is pretty bad healthcare. You shouldn't have to make these choices. Yes. Yeah. So we get there and I'm just like begging the doctor, please get me off this backboard.

(25m 51s):
It's miserable. My leg hurts. And he said, not until we finish scanning, Neil, you are going to glow in the dark by the time we're done. Oh, super reassuring. So they did some X-rays, CT scans and MRI, he comes back with the results and he says, okay, the leg not broken, but you have a nice indent of a horse hoof to the thigh that was there for a solid year. Unreal. Wow. Oh. my God. It like destroyed the tissue in there or something. It did. And no internal bleeding, even though I had a bunch of like bruising. It was three broken ribs on one side and four cracked on the other. Oh. My God. That's the Worst bone to break.

(26m 31s):
Ended up with a pretty big cut on the back of the head that went down to the skull. Full bone exposed From a horse, hove From a horse. Hove Oh. my God. God, your head got stepped down by a horse. That's what that big feeling was when everything went black. And I had no clue what it was. I thought maybe I hit a rock on the beach or something. But that off-duty police officer put in a spectacular report of what he witnessed. Oh good. And so I had that. And then they said, you have a brain bleed on your occipital lobe, so you're gonna be here for a while being monitored and constantly scanned. A neurosurgeon's gonna come down.

(27m 13s):
I mean, I just thought I was going out for an anniversary ride with my husband Jesus. And this is turned to a thing. Yeah. You're being watched to make sure. Eventually we kind of feel safe that it's not gonna progress. And they are cleaning out the wound and I'm having to lay on those broken ribs while they put the staples in. And I'm in a lot of pain. My husband's like, lemme pull out my phone and get a picture. These Husbands, oh, that's what we have. Can we look now? Yes. You can look and it's really terrible. 2013 phone quality. Oh, here I'm having trouble. Staples in the head. Oh. Oh, those are the staples. Sure. I see. Yeah. And that's My hair on the back of my head.

(27m 53s):
Yeah, I see Staples. They was a mess. Just a disaster. Oh Man. IPhone one. Yeah. Right. Really terrible quality. Wow. How long were you in there? About a day. Not terrible, but they charged me. 'cause it was from that afternoon to the next one. Two days. Yeah. What responsibility did the horse company take? first of all, I can't even believe they can get insurance for such a thing. I know. Because 30 horses are so unpredictable. So yeah. What happened in the aftermath? I ended up getting a lawyer, but because of the equestrian laws in Texas, it protects a lot of owners and so you don't really see much from that.

(28m 36s):
All I have to say is safety first. Wear a helmet. Yeah. Did they pay for anything? I Got a little bit like a thousand dollars out of it. Oh, And. that was about it. Jeez. Yeah. Geez Louise. I didn't get a refund for the ride, by the way. Oh. my God. It'd been great if they gave you a voucher for another trip. Trip. Exactly. Oh man. Oh wow. Well, you're lucky. We're lucky to have you. Yes. Thank you. And do you have a healthy scar on the back of your head? Still from it? Yeah. Hair part surrounded and everything. Wow. Wow. It's wild. Wow. Wow, Wow, wow. I ended up having to go back to the hospital about a week later. They thought I had internal bleeding at that point. Once we had gotten home, I had have a babysitter for a few weeks just to make sure like mental status was okay.

(29m 20s):
Yeah. And turns out the original hospital had likely given me a catheter that gave me a kidney infection. And I never noticed it just because I just wasn't really thinking on all cylinders. Yeah, your brain swelled up. It was the gift that kept on giving. Oh. Oh man. Wow. Have you had a redo? Have you guys had a good anniversary trip yet? We have. Okay. Yeah, we just recently upgraded to a teardrop camper. Really enjoying it. Yeah. Big difference. Heather, great meeting you. Yes. And I'm glad you made it. Appreciate It guys. And shame on you motorcyclists. Anyone Who rides a motorcycle, shame.

(30m 3s):
Shame. That's right. Can I let my husband come say hi real quick? Sure. Of course. Clydesdale. Let's see him. Hello. Hello. How are you? I'm good, how are you? Good. We heard that you were on the back on the big horse. Yes. I was observing everything. So I just watched the horses take off and I was still trying to get down the hill. Finally, they came looking for me and they're yelling, Tyler, where's Tyler? And finally I'm like, I'm here. They're like, your wife fell off the horse and the guy from the ranch or whatever was like, you need to stay on your horse. And I just remember telling a guy, I don't care, dude. I'm getting off the damn horse. Yeah. And I like ran down the the beach to go find her.

(30m 44s):
It was crazy. For sure. I'm getting off the damn horse. Well why Also you need to, that could be a tshirt need to on your horse when your wife has gotten thrown off. They're like, the liability right now is in the trash. We've got four people down. We can't have him get off. I know he's gonna get stampeded by a horse. Jesus. What a disaster. Oh, I think Heather dodged a major bullet. It's not often you get stepped on by a horse and you make it pull out of it. I saw her cut on her head and I could see down her skull. I was like, we're gonna be here for a while. It's not gonna be fun. Yeah. It was huge. Oof. Well, thank you for taking that picture. Absolutely. I'm glad that she gotta to meet you guys and tell a story. Yeah. Nice to meet you all. Okay. Bye. Bye.

(31m 23s):
Listen, I'm not equating this, but Here we go. Okay. You know how she said she had the mark on her leg for a year? Yeah. So I have a mark on my leg from these shorts, actually From the shorts. These shorts. So I wore them in New York and I was walking all day hours, 18 hours, Couple hundred miles. No, I did walk all day anyway. And there was something on the inside of the shorts. I was like, it is uncomfortable. But I never decided to look. And so it was rubbing against my leg all day. And now I have a mark on my leg, A bruise. It doesn't hurt though.

(32m 3s):
It feels deeper. I don't know what's going on, but I have a big mark on my leg. Much leg. I went months and months ago. Oh wow. You should sue your shorts when you inspected the inside of the short pant. Yeah. Did you discover anything? Yeah, there was like something on it or in it, like some sort of tag. I cut it off. Extra button something. You know they do that sometimes that'll sew in the next. Okay. It was something. And now I'm coming up on summer and bathing suits and you're gonna see it. Oof. Okay. Wow. I'm sorry, I'm embarrassed. Anyway, if any arm chairs know how to get rid of that, If you know how to get rid of a short induced injury to the leg, that seems to persist over time. Anyway, I just wanted to let everyone know about my mark.

(32m 46s):
Hope you heal up. But I did get back on the horse. I'm wearing my shorts again as You can see. I know. It's

(33m 1s):
We are supported by Squarespace. Guys, we have a Squarespace website that it's just gorgeous. That WBE wob. you You built that yourself using all the templates. Yeah, I sure did. Yeah. Easy peasy. So easy. The best part about Squarespace is it's an all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. You can get discovered fast with integrated, optimized SEO tools, and you can choose from professionally curated layouts and styling options with Squarespace. Blueprint plus, You can kickstart or update written content on any website, product description, or email with Squarespace ai. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial and save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain with the code Dax.

(33m 49s):
We are supported by BetterHelp. It's easy to look at someone else and think, gosh, I wish I had their life. But you know, comparing your life to others never ends. Well, the truth is, their life probably isn't nearly as glamorous or put together as you think. So stop focusing on them and focus on you if you need a little help with that. I recommend therapy. I'm a big fan of the same. I don't compare myself to other people. Yeah. I only compare myself to earlier versions of myself. Yeah, I like that. Have you heard the one comparison is the thief of Joy? Yes. That's a good one too. It's if you want to give therapy a chance, start with BetterHelp. It's entirely online and designed to be convenient to get started. All you have to do is fill out a brief questionnaire and you'll be matched with a licensed therapist. So stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HE p.com/ Dax.

(34m 46s):
Kickstart the school year with Apple gift card. You can send it via email or send a physical card to your loved ones, inspire their curiosity with a world of apps. Boost their productivity with Apple products like iPhone and iPad, and help them unwind with the newest albums on Apple Music subscriptions to their favorite streaming services. Access to over 200 games and more. Visit apple.com for details and to send Apple gift cards this back to school season.

(35m 22s):
Hello? Hello. Hi. I'm so nervous. Be nervous. Don't be nervous. Zero pressure. Who's your friend Christie? This Is my Aaron Weekly. Oh. Oh, Wonderful. Everyone should be so lucky. Yes. Luckily she's my cousin too. Oh, perfect. That's nice. It's in the blood. Where are you? I live in a suburb right outside of Philadelphia, right near Tina Faye. Ding, ding, ding. Oh, Oh. We love her. Very close to where she's from. I don't Even think I knew she was from Philadelphia. I read her Book. So Yeah, she's from right outside of Philadelphia. You've got a lot of people to point to. What are you two laughing at that you read her book? I said that, I mean, I did read it, but it made no sense.

(36m 5s):
Miss bossy pants, Regular Boss pants, just regular bossy pants. But you've got all kinds of people to be claiming these days. You got Bradley hotbed. Yeah. Yeah. Very exciting. Yes. We have less in Detroit. I think You have you. You have Kristen Bob Seager. I have Kevin Hart. Oh, that's pretty good. Great one. Oh, will Smith, Philadelphia And Fresh Prince Pound for pound. Both of them. Yes. Okay. So Christy, you have a crazy beach story. Where and when does it take place? This took place last year, one year ago in St. Pete Beach, Florida, St. Pete. Okay. Where is that? That's golf side. Golf side? Yes. Okay. By Sarasota.

(36m 45s):
Yes. Okay. Okay. So this was our family vacation last year. It was my husband, myself and two of my three kids. Beautiful resort. One of the days we decided to rent jet skis. Great place for a bad story to start jet skis. Yes, exactly. I am not afraid of the ocean. I know we are in their habitat. So my husband is on one with my youngest and I'm on one with my middle. We have about an hour and we have a lot of freedom. Too much freedom. So we're out cruising, having the best time. But the whole time I'm like, I don't see any dolphin.

(37m 28s):
I don't see any shark. I don't see any wildlife. Not that much to look at out there. About halfway through, we switch kids. I take my youngest, he takes my middle. So my youngest and I find this beautiful green water. We're jumping off the back. It's very shallow, very close to the beach. Couple minutes go by, we're like, let's go find dad. So we find my husband and my son just going entirely too fast. Yeah, Yeah. Of course. We meet up again. He is like, Chris, can you take them? I'm gonna go out and rip it. Oh boy. Oh god. He's got a blow of some steam. So he goes and he just takes off. We don't see him for a while.

(38m 9s):
We're jumping off the back. Me and my kids still having a great time. So we see him coming back towards us from a little bit far away. He's like, crash, crash. Come here. There's a shark eat and a dolphin. Oh, Oh, oh, come here. There's a shark eat and a dolphin. You got two kids with you. Come closer. Closer to this. Yeah, but you know what I did? Come on, let's go. Let's go. We gotta do this. Let's go home. Right. Oh Wow. My kids are like, no, no, we don't. Don't wanna go. I'm like, get on, let's go. We're not missing this. We're following. And all you see is a giant puddle of blood. Oh. Oh Wow. But I'm still like, let's go.

(38m 49s):
Come on, we can't miss this. You see the shark on your knee? Oh, it's creeping around. You see these intestines floating Oh. My God, Let me backtrack. When my husband saw it, he saw just a dolphin like thrashing out of the water and he gets up close. He did get a good video of this Oh. my God. I did send it Oh. my God. Oh, you sent it in? Are we allowed to post it? Yes. Okay. Oh, wonderful. People will love It. All right. Let you watch it. Oh my Lord. Just wait. You'll see the shark. This Is Gru Ooh. It's getting red Ooh, Ooh. Oh, I yuck. Oh, there's the intestines.

(39m 29s):
Oh No. I should have warned you. I'm sorry. Well, you kind of did the one question I would've is how certain were you as a dolphin? I don't see the dead. I mean, I see blood everywhere. Pre-video. My husband saw that do out of the water. Oh, okay. So we're approaching. My kids are scared. They're holding on tight. Okay, let me rewind. I have three people on my jet ski meant for two, right? Yeah. This is against the waiver you signed. You're in violation of your agreement at this point. Do you wanna guess what happened? Dax, One of the kids fell in Into the blood pool with the shark Ball fell in Oh. My God. All Three of you fell.

(40m 10s):
Oh no. My God. We lean over to get a closer look. Everyone looked at once. Be flipped. Just roll. My kids are screaming. Screaming. I lock eyes with my husband. He's watching in horror. Just horror. There's nothing he can do. He can't even swim. Oh my God. He's out there. He can't swim you guys. Oh, Miss yo, you Guys stick on city folk. Oh. My God. Why does he wanna rip it if he can't swim? This is a bad idea. Bad idea. Somehow I got them out of there in it felt like 10 seconds. I just asked my husband. He said it was a good like 30 to 35 seconds. Okay.

(40m 50s):
Thankfully the jet ski flipped itself back upright. I got them right up the back and then I'm getting in. They're like, Yes. They think you're gonna get eaten by a shark. Yeah. My husband, you know, there's nothing he can do. But watch, we get back on, we're starting to flee the shark. My kids are like, dad went back. He went back for his crock. Oh. Oh, he lost a crock in all this Oh. my God. This whole thing doesn't bode well for husbands. Does it any Armchair? Anonymous. The husbands are always the plane. Yes. They're the problem. So we make it back and we go and we tell all the workers like what we just saw, and all you see is like 12 workers hopping on jet skis heading back right to where we were.

(41m 35s):
They wanted a closer look. Of course. Wow. This is my crew. Does this all feel very foreign? Like you see that it doesn't gotta get there. Look at it. Well, foreign to me. I mean, I know people like it, but yeah, I would never do that. We have a shark attack story coming up. I got the veteran end of that shark story. Yes. I wonder if you had heard that story if you guys would've gone closer To the shark. Although, yeah, that one was a great white story. And. that was not a great white. I think it's maybe like a hammerhead or don don't know. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it was not even that far from the beach. It was very close. I could have stood there and I'm only five four. Right. Oh boy. Ooh. Oh, those kids. I bet they remember that trip to Florida.

(42m 17s):
Yeah, they do. Last night I was like, what do you remember from that? Just to freshen my memory, I'm gonna tell this story. And my one son said, don, don't even like to talk about don. Don't even like to think about that Trauma. And my youngest, he wanted to be here to come in at the end, but he is at a baseball game right now. I said, what would you have said? He said that I was screaming, This is a detail that mustn't be forgotten. Oh wow. Oh my lord. What a funny family disaster. Yes, exactly. Yeah. The whole family. I would do the same thing again. I would too. Just for the memory, There's a weird overlap between like the hillbilly gene and then the whatever this Philly suburb gene is.

(42m 59s):
We Sound alike. Yeah. It's almost like some kinda redneck is here a little bit. Gotta Get close to the action. Oh well Christy, that was terrifying and wonderful. Yes, Thank You. can my Aaron Weekly come out and say Hello? Yes, Please. It's so nice to meet you. We are diehard arm cherries. Oh, that makes us so happy. Does Christy's story make you want to vacation with her or not vacation with her? I know her family. I know what they get themselves into. So I couldn't say that I was surprised her sister-in-Law. However, when she texted the story to the family, replied with, please stop doing white people shit. Yeah, very white people. Shit.

(43m 39s):
Getting a closer look at the shark Facts. We have to say, being from Philly, we adore the way that you say Philadelphia. Okay. I am clearly saying it wrong. It's my favorite thing in the world. How do you say it? Philadelphia can't even Hear Differe. That's how everyone Difference really. Phil? No, don don't even know. Can what I'm saying can say Philadelphia. You make it an O instead of an E. Okay. Philadelphia. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. That's how you say it, you guys. We Love it. And we also know that you love a compliment and you love a good looking boy. There's actually a player right now on our baseball team, the Phillies, who looks like a baby Dex. Really? He's to look him up. He's, he's a cutie.

(44m 19s):
His name Bryson. Okay. Ooh. We love to Look him up. This might be the first comparison. I like Isaac. You guys are twins. You Will be very flattered. Okay, Wonderful. Thank you ladies. Alright, well nice meeting you both. Take good. Good Care. Take good care. Oh, we'll take good care. Bye. Bye Lee. Bye bye Guy. I can see it. I can barely see. As long as you guys think he's handsome. I'm grateful. He's handsome. Okay, good. I'm grateful. Thank you for that blessing. Hello? Can you hear us? Oh, I can't hear you. Oh, you can't hear us? We can hear you. Oh, Now I can. Now I can. Yay. Wonderful. Is this Carrie?

(44m 59s):
This is Carrie. Where are you at? I'm in Flagstaff, Arizona. Ooh. Oh, not too far. I've done some filming and Flagstaff. Do you go to Sedona a lot? You're so close. I do go to Sedona a lot. It's so nice there. We love it. The stargazing, which I'm sure is equally as good in Flagstaff. Yeah. Flagstaff is actually the first international dark sky city. Fun Fact. Oh, tell us more about that. That's All I know. It's on the sign when you drive Into town. Okay. Okay, wonderful. The stargazing here is amazing. Like just walking out in my front yard, it's pretty incredible. Yeah, we were endlessly entertained by it every night we were in Sedona. Loved it. Yeah. Also, we loved Enchantment, the hotel. Have you been there?

(45m 39s):
Oh Yeah. Beautiful burger by the pool. Oh, we loved it. Okay, so Carrie, you have a crazy beach story which couldn't have taken place in Flagstaff. Not in Flagstaff. This actually took place in Hawaii. So this story took place in 2014. My boyfriend Kevin and I had planned a Christmas vacation to Hawaii. He had been there a few times for work. It was my first time visiting, so he planned most of the trip. We're pretty outdoorsy people, so we spend most weekends hiking, camping, backpacking. So the pinnacle of our trip to Hawaii was going to be a three day, two night backpacking trip on the Kalau Trail. What island are you on?

(46m 19s):
Kauai. The Kalau Trail is an 11 mile point to point trail along the Nepali coast. And it has been named one of the most beautiful hikes in America, but also one of the most dangerous Ooh Because people live out there. Right. My last week of drinking was 20 years ago coming up and it was there and my friend and I went to the mouth of that trailhead. Two people from the mainland that we're on vacation we're coming out of there absolutely terrorized. 'cause someone cut up their tent with a machete and needed a ride to town. And I was like, what's going on on this trail? And here we have a story about it. Well, Luckily that isn't the type of danger we encountered, Thank God. Okay. But good to know.

(47m 0s):
We actually had pretty good experiences with the locals who lived at the end of the trail on Colle Beach. But one of the reasons that the trail is super dangerous is there are a bunch of really exposed sections of trail where you're essentially hiking on the edge of a cliff Ooh. And it parts, it narrows down to like one to two feet wide Oh. my God, There's a section of the trail called Crawler Ledge and it's just notorious for being very scary and a little dangerous. So the trail's about one foot wide and you're walking on the edge of a cliff that goes down about a hundred feet to sharp rocks and waves crashing against them. Oh my God. And you're wearing a big backpack, presumably?

(47m 42s):
Yeah, big backpacking backpack. Probably like 40 or 50 pounds. So it's definitely a no fall zone. Ooh. Oh, my God scary. My hands are sweaty. Just thinking about it, I had watched a couple YouTube videos about crawler ledge before the trip, which was probably not a great idea. So I was a little nervous, but like I said, I'm like a big hiker, so I felt like I could handle it. So we start our trip and it was an 11 mile hike to the end of the trail, which ends at a beach called Klau Beach. So our plan was to hike in the first day camp at Klau Beach for two nights and then hike out. Our hike in was actually pretty uneventful. Crawlers ledge was a little scary, but we made it through without any issues, snow trips or falls.

(48m 27s):
And the Worst part of the trail was actually the mud. The trail was super sloppy and slippery and very hilly. So like going down steep hills, Ooh and super slippery mud was a little dicey. And it was at this time that Kevin told me that December can be a pretty rainy season in Hawaii and Kauai had just gotten a ton of rain. I was unaware of that in the moment. But we made it through the mud, made it to Klau Beach that afternoon, and it's just a stunning like white sand beach. There's a 200 foot waterfall in the background, really idyllic. So we set up our tent and spent the rest of the day exploring around, visited some caves, saw the sunset, went to bed the next morning.

(49m 13s):
We woke up to a beautiful day, sunny, and we spent a few hours exploring some nearby trails and just lounging on the beach. And after a few hours I looked at Kevin and said, I kind of feel like we've seen all There Is to see, do you just wanna go ahead and hike out today? I figured it's a nice day we can hike out this afternoon. Our trip was like kind of coming to a close, so I thought it would just be more time to explore Kauai and Kevin said, no, absolutely not. We are camping the second night and sticking to the plan. Didn't fight him on that. A few hours later we were sitting at camp making dinner and I saw on the horizon some very dark storm clouds and I was like, I knew it.

(49m 56s):
I just had this feeling earlier in the day that this might happen. So the storm cause just continued to build and build and get closer to the beach until it ended up just being an outright downpour Ooh. So we retreated back into the tent and for the rest of the night, it was like the heaviest rain I think I've ever experienced. And I've done a lot of camping in the rain. Our tent was set up, I would say several hundred yards from the beach, but in the middle of the night in the darkness, you could just hear the waves crashing against the shore and getting louder and louder. Whoa. And like closer and closer to our tent. So I woke Kevin up a few times and asked if we needed to move to higher ground and he kept assuring me we were Okay.

(50m 39s):
All Right. Strike two, Kevin. Okay. I Know. So morning came and the good news was that our tent didn't get washed away to see, but the bad news was that it was still raining the rest of that next day. It never stopped raining. So we went over 24 hours with a constant heavy rain. Oh. We only left our tent to pee and then we just like scurry back in. We did all of our cooking underneath the rain fly. Was it cold? It was, yeah. And obviously I was not prepared for cold going to Hawaii, so I maybe had like one long sleeve shirt. Everything was muddy, the water and mud was like seeping into our tent.

(51m 20s):
Oh, And. that was the day that we were supposed to hike back out. Obviously that wasn't gonna happen. We were just kind of stuck in our tent. So we also were kind of low on food. We had only packed two dinners for like a two night trip. So we had enough to ration for the rest of that day and night. The next day when we woke up, the rain was a little more spotty on that fourth day. So we were able to finally emerge from our tent and assess the damage. And this pristine klau beach had turned into a hurricane zone. There was a ton of debris all over the beach, down tree limbs everywhere.

(52m 1s):
It had been hit hard at this point. We basically had no food left and the rain was still kind of coming and going, but it had subsided enough where we felt like we could start exploring around and assessing the situation. We met a few other campers. There were probably two dozen people camped on the beach. Everyone had permits to camp there for however many nights. And we met another couple around our age, Kristen and Steve. And so the four of us joined forces to figure out what we were going to do. Another thing that makes the call allow trail dangerous is there are three stream crossings in that 11 miles. And with heavy rain, those streams can turn into like raging rivers.

(52m 45s):
Oh boy. Right. So that was our first obstacle that we had to figure out if we could overcome. And the first stream crossing was about a mile outside of camp. So the four of us hiked to it. And when we arrived it was sure enough, like a raging river, easily four feet deep, and I'm like barely five two. So there's no way I was getting across that river. Any of us were safely. So I remember like standing on the shore of the river just staring at the raging current and thinking like, could we send Kevin who is like six four across with a rope and set up a hand line? But the water was way too strong.

(53m 26s):
So we decided against that idea and kind of retreated back to camp with our tails between our legs and realized, okay, we're gonna have to stay one more night again with no food. And having no idea what the weather forecast was. Do you have water? Are you claiming it from the rain? Are you trying to gather some? Don don't have a super good memory of that. I'm sure we had a water filter and where the waterfall was, I would imagine that there was like clean water there to filter. So we were back at camp on this would be day four, the reality setting in that the day before we were supposed to have hiked out, we had a hotel reservation, like a super nice hotel that we were missing.

(54m 10s):
So the next day was Christmas Eve and we woke up on Christmas Eve, really nice day again like sunny. And we were like, okay, maybe someone will come rescue us. Maybe a boat will come. The waves were super choppy. So some of the locals, they told all of us, there's no way these waves are way too bad. A little boat is not gonna make it out here. You guys are just gonna have to wait. Oh yeah. So I was sitting at camp kind of pouting when I heard a helicopter and I was like, this is too good to be true. Is this really happening? I finally spotted it in the sky, this like tiny red helicopter that eventually landed in a little clearing near our camp.

(54m 52s):
So everyone you know, 20 or so campers all sprinted over to the helicopter. The pilot hopped out and he said, are Johnny and David Henderson here? I can't remember their actual names, but called out two names. And these two teenagers, they looked like they could not have been older than 17, raised their hands like kind of sheepishly in the crowd. They're like, that's us. Yeah. They're embarrassed all of a sudden. Yeah. Anyone else would be delighted to hear their names with teenagers? Oh shit. Yeah. I was like, please call my name. I wanna get outta here. The pilot said, I'm here to take you guys back to the Trailhead. Grab your stuff, let's go. So basically what had happened was these kids were pretty young.

(55m 32s):
I think that they were like seniors in high school and their mom went to pick them up at the airport in New York two days before and they weren't there. Oh boy. And I don't know what the cell phone service is like on Klau Beach now, but 10 years ago it was non-existent. So we had no service. I feel like back then no one had inReach devices or like sat phones. So we were just totally cut off from communication. And so their mom was freaking out and calling the Coast Guard like every 30 minutes. But the weather had been so bad that a helicopter could not land. So this was like the first window of good weather where the helicopter was able to land.

(56m 17s):
So the two kids got their stuff loaded up in the helicopter and this helicopter was pretty small. It was only a three seater. So the copilot had to stay behind while the two kids got taken to safety. So we all start chatting with the copilot and we were like, are you going to be able to take us all back to the parking lot? And he said, no, we just came to get these guys because they're under 18 and their mom's worried. You guys are safe. You have shelter, we'll do a bulk food drop. It'll tide you over for the next week or so and you just need to wait A week or so. Oh my God not, we're gonna call the Coast Guard. Wait, they'll come get you.

(56m 57s):
Why Can't they just come back and get you guys? Well, they're privateers, but why wouldn't the Coast Guard seems like the Coast Guard should, I guess there's also a military base on that island. Can't we get the military involved? I can't remember who it was that came to get us. I actually talked to my little sister about this story earlier today and her memory of it was that it was the National Guard. Right, that makes sense. But it was a tiny little helicopter and he said, you know, you guys aren't in any danger. You have shelter. It's not supposed to storm for several days. You just have to wait for the trail to dry out and for the stream crossings to go down and You can hike yourselves out whenever That is Tough love they gave you. Yes.

(57m 37s):
Seriously. I just kept thinking like, tomorrow is Christmas. Yeah, I'm spending Christmas starving on this beach that is now not even that pretty. It's like debris covered beach, everything's muddy and cold. Also, we had flights home maybe two or three days later. So not only were we missing our really nice hotel and a hot shower, but we might miss our flight home and work and everything else. So I was standing in the crowd of people on the verge of tears. When the helicopter came back to pick up the co-pilot landed again. The pilot hopped out and said, I'll take two more people right now who wants to go.

(58m 19s):
And my hand like just shot up like a bat out of hell. Yes. And he pointed right at me and like waved me over. So the next thing I know, I'm coming into this little helicopter along with my new friend Kristen, who I had met today before. So we hop in and we're sitting in the helicopter staring out at our boyfriends. Still in the crowd, just looking back at us with looks of disbelief. Well, good though. You know, he could have been outta there the day before, two days before. Yeah. Kevin Kind of earned us. Yeah, Kevin also, he's taller. Okay. Yeah. He can make So He could get through the water maybe. Yeah. Yeah. This is the right move. I'm all for this. Kristen. I got the most epic tour of the Nepali coast.

(58m 59s):
This little helicopter was Doorless and I was on the end. So it was like an unobstructed view of these really lush green mountains and 300 foot waterfalls all over the place. So we landed back at the trail head, it dawned on us that we didn't have a car key. We didn't have our wallets Oh, my God, we didn't have our backpacks. We literally had nothing except our phones. No one to call. I mean, the hotel we were staying at was clear on the other side of the island. So we asked the pilot, are you gonna keep making trips back and forth? And he said, we're gonna go for a little bit while we still have fuel and then we're gonna have to stop.

(59m 39s):
So we had no idea still if we were actually going to make it out of now the Trailhead parking lot. So we'd gotten a little bit closer to civilization but weren't really back yet. So the next helicopter came back and as it got closer, we looked up and saw two guys who are not our boyfriends, and the helicopter went back again, came back with people who again, were not our boyfriends. And this just happened over and over. And maybe on like the seventh or eighth trip they finally arrived. Oh wow. We were reunited and I think we got like one night in our hotel before having to go home. Oh my God.

(1h 0m 19s):
What a Disaster. It makes me never wanna do something like that. Exactly. But that you're undeterred, right? You kept hiking trails Undeterred. And I think if I would've had that experience now, it wouldn't have bothered me as much. But at the time I was 24. This is maybe like my second or third backpacking trip ever. So I wasn't as hardened as I probably am now. It reminds me of your mushroom trip, There Is, some element that you were acceptance. Like should have been like, well I guess we're gonna have Christmas on a beach. Yeah. And I'm gonna embrace this. Oof. That's luck though, trying that. Yeah, it'd be a big mental challenge. Oh Carrie, what a harrowing tale. Thanks for sharing it. You're both amazing. Thank you so much for everything you do.

(1h 0m 59s):
Thank you. And Monica, especially you for race to 35, I'm not even going to have children, but just listening to an entire podcast series that was focused on women's health and women's experiences was really incredible. So I hope you know how many people you touched and not just people who are hoping to become mothers, but just women in general. Thanks, I appreciate that so much. Oh, I like that compliment. Thank you. Really nice. Thank you Carrie. Nice. Nice meeting you. You too. Have a great day. Bye all. You too. Take care buddy. I'm so proud of you. We hear that so much. Good job. Thanks. It was a pretty special project. Good job young man.

(1h 1m 39s):
I'm a young lady. Don't take that from me. You're A cookie boy. I am a cookie boy. Oh my God. I'm like, I'm really wrung out over that last one. I I'm really? Yeah. I feel like we just hiked a lot. And. yeah. I felt trapped for a minute. My instinct of why don't they just keep taking these people? They did do that. Yeah. But they didn't wanna write any checks. They couldn't cash. Yeah. So it's better to overdeliver. Yeah. Under promise and overdeliver. Exactly. That's a takeaway. Well, I love you and love you and I guess stay away from the beach, you know, this summer. Don't worry, I don't get on horses. I don't get in the water. You don't hike. I don't love a hike. You don't ride jet skis? Nope. And I don't play with sharks. Right.

(1h 2m 19s):
So I'm, yeah, three of I'm fine. Three of the four could have happened to me, but not you don't get I know the parking, parking lot. You're right. I've been burned. Do You like that kind of hike? No. I'm telling you Dean and I were there and these girls came out terrified. Like they had seen the devil the night before. Yeah. At the time there was a really bad ice epidemic. I don't know if that's still the case there, but a lot of dudes were up four or five days out there, you know, slid down, losing their mind. Oh, you mean ice Meth? Ice. The meth. Smoking meth. Yeah. Oh, I Thought you meant ice on the trail. Both are really bad. Yeah. Alright, Love you. Love you too. Do you wanna sing a tune or something? When a theme song. Oh, okay, great.

(1h 3m 0s):
We don't have a song for this new show. So here I go, go, go. We're gonna ask some random on the.