
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm Dan Sheard and I'm joined by Lily Padman. Hi. Fuck me guys. You gotta listen. So lucky You gotta listen to this one. This is dynamite. This is the most I've retold Really ever. Oh, I've walked everyone I've seen since this episode. Through this episode. Yeah. There's a few. Oh my God. The last couple. I mean, really all of them are incredible, but there's one that is I seems impossible and it's not.


Yes. Not 12 people. Maybe this has happened to. Yes. This is an incredible over delivered episode. Please enjoy crazy DNA testing stories.


We are supported by Quince. You know, Kristen's been ordering a ton from Quince Quince. Quince is amazing. Yeah. And I told her, I go, you know, they're a sponsor and she, she couldn't believe it. Being stylish and comfortable allows you to feel your best, making you ready to tackle anything that comes your way. That's where Quince comes in. I was just in the house and our friend, she had borrowed a sweater from me. It's blue and it's from Quince. It's gorgeous and it fits so well. And when she was wearing it, I was like, I want it back. Of course, that's a sign of a great item. It's when you regret loaning it out. There's no better workout motivation than some new active wear Quince ISS performance tees and tech shorts are perfect for any movement. And if your work wardrobe needs a revamp, you can't go wrong with their Mongolian cashmere sweaters, which start at just $60. They're able to offer such affordable prices by partnering directly with top factories, cutting out the cost of the middleman. Then they pass those savings onto us, indulge in affordable luxury. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for 365 day returns, plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dx to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


We are supported by Squarespace. Maybe you've got dreams of turning your hobby into a side hustle this year, or finally opening an online store. Maybe you wanna share your knowledge with the world and make an online course. Squarespace is the perfect partner to take your website to the next level and help you accomplish your 2025 goals. No matter what type of site you want to build, Squarespace can help you make it. If you're starting an online store, Squarespace makes checkout seamless. They're flexible payment options, including credit cards, PayPal and Apple Pay. Make it easy for your customers to check out. And Squarespace has all the tools you need to create and sell your own online course. Start with a layout that fits your brand. Upload videos and customize everything with next generation editing technology. Create engaging lessons your audience will love. Then add a paywall and set the price. Take what you know and turn it into income. We use Squarespace to make our lovely website incredible and it functions. It's pretty, it's effective, it's efficient, And highly functional. Yes. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial, and when you're ready to get started, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dax to get started today.


Times come and go Slow. You gotta know. Hi. Hi. Hello. April, are you in a hotel room? I am actually at a place called Deloitte University. I'm in learning and development and I'm actually here all week delivering five different learning programs. Which one do we need to know the most? I just wrapped up one called Future Forward. It was so fun.


Lots of very interesting activities. Lots of conversation about what the future of our workplace looks like and how do be agile and adaptable. All the buzzwords. Deloitte, The big accounting firm. That's right. We have our own hotel slash university. Wow, that's incredible. When you're there for the week teaching, they give you a hotel room? They Give us a hotel room. Is there room service? There is not. Oh, But I'll say they feed us. Well, there are break stations on every floor. There's a huge market, a place called the Barn. Oh. Oh, that sounds nice. They've won me back. Do the hotel rooms have tissue boxes? There is in the bathroom. I should have thought ahead and brought it over Close to me.


Old me would've needed that. Not new me you anymore. Because I don't blow my nose anymore and I don't cough anymore no matter how bad I want to. I noticed today you wanted to clear and you didn't. Yeah, I don't think I have yet since I've It was great. Sat Much less editing for you. My guy. Exactly. He's taken one. Yeah, but we're gonna lose something from it probably. I bet the guest feels more comfortable that I'm so gross and disgusting. Like, oh cool. It's laid back. This guy's a gross monster. I think We're still giving off Laid back Vibes. Laid back vibes. I'm in a tank top, I suppose. Okay, so you have a 23 and me and or slash d story. April, let us have it. Okay. So I am one of four girls, so three sisters.


I know my poor dad. Your lucky dad. Yeah. He is gonna live six years longer because of that. That's Right. Girl dads are the best and he really is the best. So I'm the second in line and what first caught my attention as the child is that all of my sisters have blonde hair and blue eyes or green eyes. My dad has this bright blonde hair and these really bright blue eyes. My mom, red hair, green eyes. Okay. Okay. I came out dark, dark head of hair, really dark eyes. Second born. We can kind of chalk that up to like, okay, there's some genes in there that are going further back. Like it happens. Although if we are led to believe what we learned about Mendelian Punt squares, Yes.


The two greens in the blue should have all been recessive and we shouldn't have been able to have brown eyes. But that meant, But they could be big R little R big R little r, making two little R's. So then there could technically be a combination that, But since Brown is dominant, you have to have two little bees to get blue. So the mom had two little bees and the dad had two little bees. No one had a big B to give again, they might have oversimplified it for us. I thought about all this growing up. There's also the fact that my sisters are all very rambunctious. They love to dance. Very social. I was like the anti-social child, Monica. I love to read Harry Potter kind of off in my corner.


Very introverted. So just felt very different. And then tack onto that, throughout our childhood, we would go out to eat at restaurants. Or even in school, people would ask us how we were related. We had the same last name. Obviously they knew we were, when we said sisters, everybody often asked, are we full blood sisters? This is mid late nineties, early two thousands. So that sort of got me questioning. I do feel different. What's going on here? So I did ask my parents a couple of times, is there something I need to know? Was always told. No. I asked my grandparents, I was always told there was nothing more I needed to know, but I never let this go as a topic. So the running joke in my family to me was that I was the milkman's baby. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Good.


You guys have heard the phrase so, so fast forward. I've asked this question to my mom, even into my adulthood. Yeah. 'cause you're like, I'm an adult now. I can handle it. If you had aling. Right. And there's something fun about the mystery of it all, but same answer every time I have two children, shout out to Brody and Bryn. They're little arm cherries in the making. Oh, We love that. I'm looking at both of them and I'm like, they really look like me and my husband and they really look like each other biologically speaking. Now I can look at my dad and my mom and say, something's not adding up here. So I decide at 30 I'm going to take a DNA test. I don't tell anyone. I get the DNA test. I take it, it comes back several weeks later and there's nothing earth shattering.


I get some third, fourth cousins, but there is one person who comes up. He's a first cousin and I don't recognize the name. So I message the guy and he responds back a couple days later and he tells me that he's actually adopted. Oh. Oh. So that's confusing. Not a lot to go on. Yeah, because I was gonna say, your results independent of any other information are useless. You need your three sisters to take it or your mom or your dad. The only thing you could have done is figured out through this cousin. Right. This is where in the TV show that you take the hair out of the hair brush and you put It in your pocket. Sure, sure. I was trying to crack this nut without anyone knowing, just so I could have the results myself, but not break open any big secrets of the family. I was trying to be very demure, very mindful.


Yeah. My two younger sisters look just like my dad. Older one looks like my mom. So I talked to my younger sister and she says she's gonna take the same DNA test and a few weeks go by and we both get the email and we say, okay, we're gonna call each other before we open it. And we opened it. We are half sisters, niece or aunt. Whoa. What would be more confusing? Your little sister's aunt. Wow. I gotta try to figure out that on the family tree. What's the feeling when you open it and you see it? I felt like this is my lifelong mystery solved. I knew that something was up the whole time and I was right. My family's still my family. My mom and dad divorced by the way when I was 18. So they're not together anymore. And I think maybe she doesn't know who my dad is or maybe she's just not a hundred percent sure.


And that's why she never wanted to tell me. There's some secrets she doesn't wanna confess to. But now I have these results. I know for sure there's nothing more to hide and I wanna know who the person could be. So I call her up and I say, mom, Misty and I took a DNA test and guess what? We're half sisters. She really took it like a champ. And she was very matter of fact. She said, okay, his name is Jim. He was 10, 12 years older than me. He was going through a divorce. Oh, he's got two other kids. I mean, it should bombshell after bombshell. She knew this guy and they dated for a little bit, but here's the real kicker. She met him because she was working at a pharmacy and this man drove the Borden's dairy milk truck.


He actually was the milk man. No, no, no, no. Oh, wonderful. That's so good. It's got a bow on it. And that was the part of the conversation that I stopped and I laughed and I said, do you mean to tell me that I really am the milkman's baby? Clearly she was still actively married to your dad. 'cause kids came before and after. It wasn't extramarital experience. There Was a separation. She was only 21 when I was born. Oh wow. Yeah, she's horny. And of course Very young. Very much haven't figured out life yet. Now did your dad know There's a little bit of some drama here. My mom says that he knew, but when I went and talked to him, 'cause really I wanted to thank him for knowing that I wasn't his biologically, but still raising me the same as my sister never treated me any differently.


He got really emotional when I had the conversation with him because he said he really didn't know that she had sort of alluded to it once, but then took it back and never brought it up again. I gotta really work through. If I found out Delta wasn't biologically my daughter, obviously I couldn't love her less. Exactly. Nothing there would happen. But would I have any heartbreak that I have nothing to do with that magic. Oh, see, that's your ego. Yeah. I would feel deceived. Not by the kid, but by the partner, The sexual partner. Yeah. You know, I just adore so much. I don't think I'd really give a shit. I don't think your feelings towards her would change at all. Correct. And I almost think I would be grateful that Kristen had chosen what she did because I feel this way about her and I love it so much.


Yeah. And I think I would agree with the decision, but we're not divorced. And your folks were divorced when you told 'em this? They were not together when I told them. And I'll tell you, my grandparents are actually who had the hardest time with it. 'cause I'm so close to them. And of course this is my grandpa on my dad who raised me side. He will still find old pictures of distant relative family members that he thinks I resemble. Oh, He can't. Oh, he's still living in another reality. Yeah. Can't. That's okay. I Love him. He's my papa. And that'll never change. Yeah. So Did you go find Jim? I found him. I got to give my younger sister a little surprised. I didn't actually mean to tell her in that way. I just messaged her to ask her for her dad contact info.


And I didn't give her a reason why. And she joked back to me and said, why are you my long lost sister? Oh my God, the cliches are coming through. Lot of jokes that kept coming through. Careful what you joke about. I did get to meet him and kind of hear about his family history and very pleasant guy, but my life worked out the exact way it was supposed to. 'cause he even said he wouldn't have been in a place to be a really great father for me at that time in his life. So it really worked out well. You Have a great attitude about all of this. Yeah. You just took it as I was validated. I knew. So it's a victory and I don't feel sad about it. I appreciate that. Now I know there's a history of breast cancer in the family. Never knew that before. So these are good things to know.


That's true. Well thanks for Sharing that. Yeah, that was great. April. Of course. Thank you guys so much for having me. Would it be okay? Can I take a picture of us? Of Course, of course. I'm gonna look in the camera And I'm gonna flex. Okay. I'm not really, but a little bit. Alright everybody stay cheese. Wonderful. Oh, so nice to meet you. Good luck with the rest of your week of teaching. Thank you so much. Bye. bye-Bye. Oh wow. What a nicety woman. So good person for that to happen to you. Great reaction. Because that could really take someone down. Yep. I would have a very hard time with that. Luckily, I look like my parents almost. Exactly. You know? I know enough to know. I don't really know how I'd feel about it, but certainly when I think about it, it wouldn't bother me either. I Wouldn't be mad at anyone, but I would feel untethered.


I don't even know who I really am and I Yeah, But you and I both are so identical to our dads and that's the only one you can find Out. What if wasn't My dad? Then your mother has a type because she obviously fucked a guy that was identical to your dad. And same with my mom. That means she fucked my grandpa or something. Ew. Because well, I'm just saying I'm such a shepherd. It's insane. But I just think then that would be very telling for nurture. Obviously they're my parents, so So Knocking wood. So none of this is helpful. A knockout wood. They're my parents also. I just read something recently that made me upset. That is a ding, ding, ding to this green eyes are the most rare. You didn't know That. I just wanted it then. My mom has green eyes.


I Want it. Okay, I'll ask her. I guess. Can you check with her? Yeah, I'll ask her about how she did that. You could have had 'em. I think I'm right about that eye thing. You're right. If both recessive, you Have to have both. Both recessive. Both. Yeah. You can only pass on a recessive Because they both have little Rs. Yeah, little B's. I like ours. I think they're more jeans than just agree one to determine eye colors. So I think it was given to us a little simplistically. I think so too. But that was so fun making those little squares. Yeah. Hi. Can you hear us? I can hear you. Can you hear me? Yeah. Beautifully. What name are we gonna use for you? I couldn't decide. Honestly. Everything felt silly, so whatever you guys want. Okay. You ready for a wild one?


Yeah. Brooklyn, I get it. Doesn't she look like a Brooklyn? Oh, I like It. You have a can. You've set the scene. I know this looks Like a spa. Are you just out of a treatment? Are you just out of a Swedish or a deep dish? I really wish. Are You allowed to tell us what part of the country you're in? Brooklyn, even though we're using a fake name. I am in New Jersey Almost Brooklyn, Which is super weird because I kept getting Cedar Point ads today. I don't know if it has anything to do with you, but I live nowhere near there. It definitely has to do with Well, You're probably six hours away worth the drive, in my opinion. Oh my God. Do not do that. Just go to your nearest six flags. There's one close though. Oh, someone wrote in the comments, they didn't acquire Cedar Point.


They merged and the current CEO is the CEO of Cedar Point. It's six flags over Cedar Point. Everyone shut your mouth. Okay. Sorry. Brooklyn. Okay, so you're in New Jersey and you have a Tasty DNA story because you don't want to use your real name. Yes. Just to accept the scene. My parents met when they were 13. They had me when they were 21. My sister, and they're 24. So they were always the cool young parents and everyone was always like, oh my God, your parents are still together. They're so young. So fast forward 2019 and my dad was diagnosed with ankylosing spondylitis. What on earth is that? It is an autoimmune disease that essentially fuses your spine together.


Oh my goodness. So it's super painful. Ooh. It's not anything that's curable. So at that time, he was going to a lot of doctor's appointments. The day after Christmas in 2019, we knew he had a doctor's appointment. I'm home, I'm cleaning up after Christmas and dad calls and he says, I need you to come to the house right now. I was like, okay, is everything okay? I don't wanna talk about it. Just come over. I immediately called my sister. I said, did dad call you? And she said, yeah, what the hell's going on? I said, I don't know. I'm on my way in my head. Dad's dying of cancer. Sure. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. This is Awful. He was supposed to be at the doctor. I am near tears. This is that kind of talk. So I get to the house, they're not crying, but my mom, you could tell she has been crying.


So we sit down, I say, what is going on with you guys? And my dad said, me and your mom were out today. We were on the way to the doctor and your brother reached out to us on Facebook. Excuse me. So he starts telling us the story. When they were 15, my mom got pregnant. Oh my God. He just hoped it would go away and it Didn't. They tend not to they, That's the problem with those. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They're kind of Permanent. Hard to get half pregnant.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, to check your sunroof first before driving through the car wash. Like you know to put the leash on your dog first before you open the door to go for a walk. Not that I've ever made that mistake and had my dog run outside without me, or scream his name repeatedly over and over and over again until I found him. Or you know, to check that the guy who asked you out is an arm cherry first before you agree to go on a date with him. Sage advice. Essential Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is intended for audiences in the US only savings vary terms. Apply Allstate Fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


We are supported by the Lenovo Yoga Aura Edition imagined with Intel. You know we love chatting and learning about AI here on the show. With the incredible advances in tech and AI over the last couple years, you need a laptop that can keep up great news. Lenovo and Intel have joined forces to engineer the best laptops in the industry. The Lenovo Yoga Aura Edition is an impossibly thin light laptop. It can go wherever you do. Plus the battery automatically optimizes for efficiency. So you can go longer without a charge. No more hunting for outlets at a coffee shop. It also has a fully equipped touchscreen with bold popping visuals that retain accuracy across your projects. It's perfect for digital artists, designers, amateur photographers, and more. Even movie lovers will love watching this because you don't just want your technology to work. You want it to help elevate your work to places you never expected. It's possible on your Intel a I pc. Learn more about Lenovo Aura edition a IPCs at lenovo.com/aura.


We are supported by Nordic Naturals. I love that name. Let's just start with the name. Nordic names, Great name. I also love these products. You're in love with them. Yes. I already went through an entire magnesium. You Did. You blasted. I blasted through and a vitamin C. Well, did you know that more than 80% of Americans don't get enough Omega-3 fats from their diet? Count me in that. Yeah. We know that Nordic Natural's Ultimate Omega is trusted by doctors and healthcare professionals to deliver foundational Omega-3 fatty acid support for heart, brain, joint and mood health, immune system function, and much more. Their bestselling Ultimate Omega fish oil provides concentrated Omega-3 support in an exceptionally fresh and pure formula without any fishy aftertaste. And if fish isn't your thing, their new ultimate Omega plant-based soft gels deliver over a thousand milligrams of concentrated omega threes derived from algae. That's a much higher daily dose than most vegetarian options. Supercharge your nutrition with Nordic Naturals. Use promo code Dax for 15% off your next order@nordic.com and experience the Nordic naturals difference yourself. That's nordic.com and promo code Dax for 15% off.


So she has my brother. They essentially take him away. She doesn't get to see him, doesn't get to hold him, does not know where he's going. So this is my full biological brother from both of my parents. Oh my God. Oh wow. And he's older than you. This is Crazy. Yeah, so he is six years older than me and so my parents are looking at us like we are so sorry. I know we should have told you, but we never thought we'd never see him again. But we knew they did 23 in May, but we kind of just thought it was like for fun not knowing they were looking for my brother. But the funniest part of that is I wasn't upset because I was just so glad my dad wasn't dying. Yeah, Sure.


I Could think about was like, oh my God, it's just a brother. Like that's really not that big of a deal guys. It's a bonus. But I can definitely imagine for your parents as I would get older and have kids and have this experience with my kids, it would retroactively make me go like, oh my goodness, our child's out there. We must see that child. Also, if this really was you, let's say it's you, it's me. Can you imagine the kind of guilt because your life is really good and your children's lives are really good. Yeah. And to think, well what happened to that kid and what if they didn't end up in as good of a situation? Yeah, that's A lot. I'm not shocked they were looking. I think for them to hold onto that so much.


You know, if somebody asks, oh, is this your oldest? And in your head you're like kind of. Yeah, I was 28 when we found out. So that was a really long time for them to hold onto that. So we end up meeting my brother. It was right before Covid happened. We found out that he was married to his high school sweetheart and had an 8-year-old son. Just Like mom and dad. Yeah. But so the weirdest part of it all is how often our paths really crossed throughout all of our lives. He was adopted by a family that's 15 minutes down the road from where I grew up. His adoptive mother was a beauty queen and his father was the mayor of this New Jersey town that I lived in.


Wow. Oh my. They had two biological daughters before him and then adopted him. Him and I commuted to Manhattan on the same trains all the time. We have the same stories of being stranded because of train delays in the same places at the same time, my mom's cousins knew his sisters in high school. Listen, you're lucky you never dated them. That's really Exactly. This is the most important part. That's why this stuff gets tricky. Yes. Because you would meet them and you would feel this crazy familial thing that you would not chalk up to that and it would be very confusing. Exactly. My brother's a good looking successful guy.


Is he single? No. Still there. Oh yeah. I forgot his high school sweetheart. Dammit. And get her outta the picture. His brother-in-law lived a couple houses down from me in the same town. Oh my God. Wow. This is bizarre. But your parents didn't know that? No, they didn't know any of that. And that's what's so strange. But there's pictures of my brother in the newspaper with his dad. My parents have probably looked at those pictures, not really knowing it was him. Well it's really great news that he ended up with a wonderful family. Yes, Totally. And then for him to reach out to us and see my parents are still together. I mean he got two more sisters. Yeah.


He's like, I'm good on the sisters. Is there a cool brother I can hang with? So have you guys become close? He was in my wedding. We've all gotten super close. We've gone on vacations with his in-laws. Oh. Oh, This is lovely. You can see my mom feels complete. Yeah. Yeah, I Bet. And do they have a sweet relationship? Oh My gosh, yeah. My mom is like constantly stealing her grandson to babysit. She annoys them all the time the same way she annoys me And do his adoptive parents feel at all threatened by any of this or They're totally cool with it. They were totally cool with it. His adoptive mom lives in Florida now, so she's not local anymore. And his dad did pass away, but his sisters have reached out to me. They messaged me on Instagram and they could not be any sweeter.


So it was really a wild cool thing. Big win. This Is Really glad you didn't date. Just really keep coming Back to that. Yeah, just circle back to that. Considering He's like a full brother too. Yes. Really Bad. Yeah. That'd be real, real Bad. Maybe do 23 and me before dating anybody. Yeah, let's do it. In your teen years. Yeah. God, I'm scared to find stuff out on there though. It's hard to find a partner. If I really fell in love with someone, I would not wanna find out they were my full brother. It's better to Not know That. I just don't wanna Know. That's right. Just have a child that's a cyclops and then ask yourself. That's why'd that happen? That's worth it. Oh well Brooklyn, that was kind of an uplifting story.


Yeah, I Liked that a lot. Life affirming. Well, and thank you guys for everything you do. You guys are not just my favorite podcast. You're actually the only podcast that I will listen to. Oh Good. Don't stray. We don't know how we'll hold up to competition. All the others are either too light, too dark. You guys really just kind of fit right in the middle. Thank you. We aim too. Thanks for listening. Delightful meeting you for real. All right. Thank you guys so much. Have a Great day. Take care. These are surprisingly happy stories. I know. I'm kind of relieved. Me too, but I want some bad ones. How could they even go bad? They're always gonna Probably be this, right? Well it could have gone. Incest Can only hope only got a Twofer coming up next. What's that mean?


Oh, two people. Wow. This is a first. Oh, this is exciting. I'm nervous. I'm Butterfly. I was gonna say something coming. Go dating your brother. What If you found out you weren't related to your brother and then started dating him? Oh Like oh my God. Best news. I've always been so attracted to you and I haven't been able to figure It out. That would be a story is that siblings found they weren't siblings and promptly started dating. But really we know that's not gonna happen. 'cause the pheromone Exchange. Yes. You mapped each other's Smells and stuff. Ew. Hello. Hi. Hi. Is this big a little a RON? It is.


Aaron. You'll be our first dual caller. Is there Jessica also joining us? She'll be here momentarily. Okay. Exciting. Now this cool painting behind you. There's a butterfly and airplane and it looks to be flying over like Mexico City or something. What's happening in this photo? Jess put that together. It's kind of a collage. She'll have to tell you the story of vash. Okay. Lot is riding on Jess's appearance. She's the more charismatic of the two of us. Wow. Don't sell yourself short, Aaron. Don't do that. Where are you guys at? We're on Fashion Island, Washington state. Okay. Jessica has joined us. Jessica, the painting collage.


What city are that butterfly in? That airplane above. Oh, he's facing the wrong way. Okay. Absolutely nothing. That is actually a painting I did in college over a very ugly palm tree from one of those mall furniture decorating stores that you go to in grad school and you're like, sure this is four feet by two of it's gonna pick up the whole room and it's gonna cost $39. Okay. So I've just dragged that thing around for years. What is the relationship here between you and Aaron? Well we're gonna tell you That. Oh, this is gonna come Up. Oh, okay. Okay. Oh, we're Excited. Let's jump in. Let's get, we need to know, let's Get technical matter. Jess, did you start recording? I'm doing it as we speak.


This is such a couple already though. 'cause she's like, you're facing the wrong way and then he's in charge oft, I mean if I have it facing the window, it's usually just like a bright white nothing. Alright. So I've been selected to start the story. So it's 1984, I'm 28 and let's say I'm between things. I've recently returned from a year of teaching English and the Canary Islands. Oh. Instead of staying in paradise for some dumb reason, I come back to the US and then don't know what to do with myself. So I move into my mom's basement and start driving a taxi. I also start dating a German woman, Kirsten, and it gets kind of serious, but then she goes back to Germany for work.


We decide however to keep dating and have a long distance relationship. Then one day in the local newspaper I see an employment ad seeking sperm donors to help infertile couples. Oh, Okay. It turns out that infertile couples means lesbian couples about 95% of the time. But I only learn that much, much later. Since Kirsten and I are being monogamous, this jerk off job as it were, Seems Both like easy money and a good outlet for my sperm. I get hired and I wind up donating. They pay me. So I don't know why they refer to it that way, but I wind up donating about twice a week for a year. Mm Oh. So 104 trips.


Probably a little less than that. I tried to do this at UCLA 'cause they were paying good money for UCLA sperm and I went in and and did a deposit and then they said your sperm count isn't high enough, too low. So you're more bureau, you're more manly than I was. Mike condolences, Were they looking for a cab driver living in mom's basement when they, Despite that career profile, I went to Johns Hopkins. So maybe that helped. That definitely helps. Okay. So at this end of this year of donating sperm, I moved to Germany to be with Kirsten. That relationship doesn't last too long, but in any case, I go on with my life and I don't give the sperm donation.


Much thought I'd signed a mutual confidentiality agreement with a sperm bank and DNA testing doesn't exist yet. So I just assumed I'd never learned anything about any children born. I don't ever get involved in a serious relationship and have children the standard way. So fast forward 30 years to 2016 and I begin to see ads for 23 and me, I immediately understand that if I get a DNA test, I might be able to find my progeny and I'm intrigued. Yeah. But I procrastinate signing up for about a year. But finally I order the test, spiting the test tube and mail it off having no idea what the odds of finding any of the children are. A few weeks later I get the results back.


Hold on one second. I do wanna ask, when you spit in the test tube, what would've been your guess of how many kids resulted from these a hundred plus or minus trips? I did do like a kind of back of the napkin calculation based on odds of conception. It seemed like 60 to 70 children might be possible. Wow. Wow, Wow. Yeah. This is wild already. Okay, so I get the results back and find exactly one child, a son named Bryce, age 20 who lives in New York. I was in Pennsylvania at the time. I see this result and I'm like, yikes, what do I do now? I spend about a week thinking about what to write to him and he's also on 23 and me.


So I wonder if he's noticed me or been notified about my existence and I wonder if I'm failing some sort of unwritten DNA test results, getting etiquette. I write to Bryce and let him know that I'm interested in connecting. I tell him a little bit about myself. He writes back to me in about five minutes flat and he writes back with a email that starts dad exclamation point, which is really alarming because I'm wondering what expectations does this guy have of me? But it turns out he's just joking around and having fun. Oh. Oh, okay. He's got your sense of humor, Very smart and funny. We make a positive connection and pretty soon he connects me with another of my kids, Maddie, who's also about 20, a daughter who he found through a different service.


In fact, he's found in total five other children. So I immediately go from one to six except for Bryce and Maddie. All the other ones are younger. They don't really come into this story. Bryce and Maddie and I wind up corresponding with each other. We have like a Facebook chat going. We get to know each other a bit. We exchange life stories and pictures. Our resemblance to each other is pretty striking. There was no doubt that the results were accurate, but they're young college students in their twenties. They have other things going on in their lives. So after not too long things go dormant and you know, we occasionally like each other's Facebook posts a few months pass. And then in early 2017, I get a kind of confusing message through 23 and me from a daughter named Alice aged 11.


But really it's her mother Jessica that's writing, writing. And this seems like a good place to bring Justin to tell her side of the backstory. Okay. Yeah, that's me.


We are supported by Vital Proteins. Have you heard of Vital Proteins? Collagen Peptides? It's a supplement that has four benefits all in one, helping support healthy hair, skin, nails, bones, and joints. Because after 30 our body's natural collagen production can start to decline by 1% a year aging, it is coming for us all. The loss of collagen may lead to the appearance of fine line, saggy skin in your bones and joints not moving like they used to. That's where Vital Proteins comes in. By taking collagen peptides daily, you can help support your hair, skin, nail, bone, and joint health. It's an easy addition to your daily routine. And Vital Proteins is the number one brand of collagen peptides in the us. I've been using this product for quite some time. Way before it was a sponsor. And your collagen's looking great. I've commented on it. You have? Yeah. And I'm post 30, so it's time You are, yes. Get 20% off by going to vital proteins.com and entering promo code Dax at checkout. That's Vital proteins.com promo code DAX for 20% off. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


We are supported by Mint Mobile. It's time to leave your overpriced wireless plans, jaw dropping, monthly bills and unexpected overages get huge savings with Mint Mobile. They're offering any three month plan for only 15 bucks a month. Even their unlimited plan. All plans come with high speed data and unlimited talk and texts delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. You can even bring your current phone and number ditch Overpriced Wireless with Mint Mobile. It's so easy. Sign up online and get three months of premium wireless service for 15 bucks a month. If you like your money, mint mobile is for you. Shop plans@mintmobile.com slash dax. That's mint mobile.com/dax. Keep your money where you can see it and stop overpaying for wireless. Up upfront. Payment of $45 for three months. Five gigabyte plan required equivalent to $15 a month. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price plan options available. Taxes and fees, extra cement mobile for details.


So my backstory is a long, long time ago I was married to a woman and we had two daughters using an anonymous sperm donor. I carried the first and she carried our youngest and we used a sperm bank randomly our gynecologist was like, I'm registered at this bank. So we picked a donor, we had sperm shipped overnight. It comes in like a giant helium tank on dry ice. You put on gloves and you lift out this little smoking half a chapstick cap of sperm. Oh Wow. Okay. We went through that entire process and had our first daughter, Alice, you have your first baby, you're over the moon. You're like, she's obviously perfect, let's replicate her.


So we used the same donor again and had our youngest daughter and by the time Alice was 11 I was divorced and I was dating a man who coincidentally is also named Aaron David, like Aaron here. Oh Wow. That seems impossible. When he learned This, I was like, oh, they just made a mix up at the Bureau of Boyfriends. And Alice at the time was really, really sick of hearing her grandma talk about like, oh we are from Kent, we're from Romania. We're from all these places. She knew, I never knew my father. She obviously knew. She grew up with two moms and an anonymous donor and she was like, you know what, 75% of me is a mystery. Why did you not know your dad? I just never did.


It was the seventies. I had a single mom. It was not discussed in the Midwest and you didn't go looking 'cause you're Midwestern I guess. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's a secret. But Alice is Gen Z and has no such qualms. You just wanted the map of her countries being 11. She wasn't at the place that Bryce and Maddie as college students were. She wasn't like, who am I? Where do I come from? She was like, I know who I am. I'm 11, I'm cool. Yeah. At the time I'd never heard a DNA story of people finding adoptive parents. So she asks grandma for this present for Christmas, grandma is more than happy to provide and six weeks later we get the results and I click the DNA relative tab and it's just father 50% shared DNA.


My reaction was the same as Aaron's. You're like, what am I gonna do about this? Now he's probably getting a notification right now. The clock is ticking. I googled, I did what anyone would do. I had no idea sperm banks had branches. So we had ordered from the DC area. So luckily he went to Johns Hopkins 'cause I found a guy on LinkedIn right age the right degrees in the DC area. So I went to Facebook and he had all of his school pictures K to 12 and I got chills at that moment. It was no doubt in my mind, here's my daughter with a 1960s boy full haircut. I wrote him that confusing note and just said, Hey, I'm the mom.


I'm open to talking. Write me back If you want pics. Yeah, Yeah. Oh wow. He wrote back, he'd already written a bio for Bryce and Maddie. So I read it to Alice and she wrote her own life story back to him, which was very short. But because she was 11, me and Aaron started texting. We just both found it fascinating. We formed this friendship six months later that summer. 'cause B Bryce and Maddie are college age. We all decide that we're gonna meet in Seattle and he threw a huge party on the roof of his place and we all came and I was cool with that, especially with such a young daughter that there were two other siblings there. It was not gonna be a big deal. But we all decided we were gonna spend basically two weeks together.


And Erin does this huge hippie fest in Eugene every summer. So we all pile in my car and we drive back down there and we go to this hippie fair. Instantly. Erin and I were the parents in this scenario we're throwing sandwiches to the backseat and do you have everything? Gotta make sure everybody's happy. We're both playing parents and yet we are actually the biological parents of one of the kids. Eugene was where I was living at the time. He had been in a band in that area. He had commuted every weekend. We could have passed him and the girls in grocery stores. We had some one step removed people in common. So weird how close our paths had always been to crossing. So during that trip we took a walk one night just to be alone and talk and sort of have our first date.


And it was like the wildest first date I've ever been on because we went to a cemetery by my house. 'cause all the kids are back in the house. You're on your first date but you already have a child that's 11 years old. Yeah, Yeah. Right. And what happens on this first date is that's a good Icebreaker. Most of it telling him what our in quotes daughters are like. Can I ask quickly how your ex-wife felt about you connecting with Erin Ex-wife was not in the picture at that point, but I can tell you for sure she would not have been supportive. I got you. Okay. Okay. I'm a little bit more open about that kind of thing. We went on this whole trip together. We kind of played family. So we came back to Seattle with him and we started dating and the rest is history. It kind of progressed from there.


You know, I met and got together with my daughter's bio dad. Whoa. 12 years after she was born. Wow. So how long have you guys been together now? Since 2016. So like, yeah, nine at this point. Alice is in college. Wow. Oh my God. So you ended up Erin raising your daughter from 11 off Only sort of, Alice should probably be here to speak for herself, but she has never considered me to be her father, her other mom's, her other parent. Even if that parent hasn't been so great to her recently, I think Alice would double down on that and be like, that is why we cannot let her off the hook because gay family is family. She was just like, my mom's already out of the picture and that really hurts.


I'm not ready to pull someone else into that and risk that again. And From what you've already told me about her personality, it's on brand. It's Definitely on brand for her and it felt a lot safer for me. I tried to google this and no one else on the internet had been in this situation before. There was no answer to how do I date my kid's dad. Yeah. I tried to be a good mom about this and it felt better because I knew that she wasn't just gonna like run into his arms and then it was gonna end and I was gonna be the worst mom on the planet. Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That makes sense. Wow. What about the younger daughter? My youngest daughter, what actually happen to Estr my wife and me is she withheld that daughter in abandoned Alice.


So Alice hasn't seen her sibling in that amount of time either. Alice is completely adamant that this child is not her sibling just because it's Erin's. It's not like Maddie is now substitute sister or is as much sister. We've kind of come full circle like love definitely makes a family, but biology also can make some sort of family too. And both are not the whole enchilada and both are not nothing either. Yeah. Yeah. That's so true. Yeah. Well this might surprise you that the most shocking part of this whole story to me is that they keep the sperm for so long. Yeah. I would've thought I either had kids in that. That's true. Window of time I was jerking off at the place. Yeah. I would not think there could be a 20 year span that's still Actually found him because one of the vials they sent me had a date on it, you know, January, 1994 and I was like 94.


I graduated high school in 94. It's 2004 when I'm trying to get pregnant. And I was like, he already had a master's by 94. Okay, here's his age, let's start Googling. Right? Yeah. Yeah. I did not expect that. That was 10-year-old sperm. They sold you expired sperm. I Got expired sperm, man. Wow. Wow. What a story. What a story. We're now aware of I believe 22 of my Children. Okay. 22. Wow. I have a spreadsheet. I've Only met four. Does it stress you out at all? No. Whenever I discover one, I write them an email and tell them a little bit about myself and say I'm open to connection though strangely, other than Bryce and Maddie and one other Emily who happens to live near us, I guess we had a Zoom meeting with one family of three, but most of them just haven't been that interested.


Yeah, Right. Huh. Wow. This is a wild story. This really is. This is the most interesting meet. Cute I've ever heard. Heard. Absolutely. Yeah. After my piece was published in the New York Times and Jess also had a piece published by the BBC. Yeah, we did get some movie interest. I could see that. Yeah. Nothing Ever came of it. I think the problem is there's not an obstacle in our story at all. They would've to invent that. Sure. Yeah. Well we're good at, that's A creative license that's Allowed. We know how to do that. Well you guys, this was delightful. What an interesting story. What's the name of the New York Times piece and the BBC piece in case people wanna read it. I think that might interest people. No idea. But his New York Times, I mean that's kind of how it got out.


He wanted to write a modern love with his creative writing degree on it. So there's a modern love that's like, am I in a chromosomally array relationship? Oh, That's a clever title, Right? That's not the title though. Okay. It's not. It's the modern love column and the title is First I Met my Children, then my girlfriend. They're related. Oh. Oh that's nice. I like that. It's tasty. Okay, I like your title though a lot Jessica. I don't know if that was a first draft. That might be the subtitle On it. Well wonderful meeting both of you. Yes. Thank you for telling us that story And thanks for doing it this way. This was fun to have both of you. Yeah, You laid it out beautifully. Thank You so much for having us. Okay, take care. Bye Bye. Wow. Whoa.


Wow. Meet cute Lord. I guess That sperm stays good for a fucking goat's age, huh? But It worked Out. Yeah, it's great. Alice Taylor, Can you hear us? Yeah, I'm sick so I'm sorry my voice is all. You're gonna have to get healthy before we can talk to you. You're gonna have to call us back. I Had some cold. I thought it went away. Now it's back. Yeah, these Cold, these Are the new, new colds. They're for three months. That's just how the fucking colds are now apparently. Okay, so you have a wild DNA store? I do. I'm a twin. We are the babies of seven. About six. They divorced and my dad moved out with his friend girl. He went to another state and kind of left my mom to raise all of us. Oh my.


And he made it really clear that he had left when I was about 16. She was completely over me and my shit. And so she booted me out here to live with him. Just me. Left everybody back where they were. What About the twins? Yeah. And are you guys identical or fraternal? It's A boy. So he stayed back. We were freshman in high school, but I was a pain in the ass. I have a 17-year-old right now and like God bless her. I know I'm caught between. So my brother was really, really challenging and now that I think of his story and I write about it, I realize he really needed someone that had a lot of capacity to help. I just feel bad for both people in the story. Yeah. Like I feel bad for my mom and I felt bad for my brother. So you probably needed a lot of help.


I am so blessed by my children that I'm like, how did you do it? And she's like, I sent you. I Didn't. I Didn't. So she sent me here and I was nice and sassy and I, I was like, you know what? Why'd you leave? Like what is your problem? Was she worth it? And he is like, wasn't the only one for all I know. You're some jack guy's baby. Oh, I understood that. This Jack Guy was like a colleague of my mom's. I'd heard the name but I'm like, you're deflecting. You're just trying to take the attention off what you're doing. I was very much not here for it. Yeah. Also Jack Guy sounds like a term. Yes. Like a certain kind of guy does. Like he works at a jacked Guy. Well that would be great. But I was thinking more like he works at a mechanic shop, like he's jacking up cars or like a Jack Jack. Different Industries for sure. But yeah, fair enough.


He didn't harp on it. He never really had a lot of nasty things to say about my mom. He was always very kind. He is like she loves you but he was tired of being the only one taking the blame and he kind of wanted to get his story out there but then we didn't talk about it again. And did he and the friend girl have any children? No, that happened for about a year and then after I had my third son, my mom mail me my baby book and the baby book had all these like cards and crap in it. And then there was a literal Western Union Telegram yellow with the tear on it and everything that said Congratulations on the twins. I'm so happy Jack. Oh my god. Okay, well this is curious. Yeah, yeah. A little curious. I tried digging, I can't find anything and I just move on. So a couple years later me and my twin decided we were both gonna try Ancestry and 23 and Me, we wanted to prove that they were full of it and you know, everyone said the origins are off.


We weren't really doing it for DNA purposes, we were just trying to play with it and we were kind of right. Like his came up a little bit Irish and mine came up a little Scottish and then the rest of it was just Eastern European. Didn't think anything of it. 2022 I got back in this Jack Fix and I was like, I'm gonna figure this out. So I started digging through 23 and Me, which had matches that were like fifth cousin nonsense. So I was bored. So I was like, I'll log into my brother's ancestry 'cause he would have different matches and sure shit. I open up, it says parent child match. My brother and Jack. Hold on a second, bill, Why didn't yours say that? Wait, Jack only did Ancestry. Oh You did different Ones. They divided and conquered. Oh. But I don't like to blow up my family over nothing.


So I'm like, I'm gonna do my own ancestry. 'cause I had done 23 so that I can catch my breath. You Told your brother obviously he already knew. No, at this Point. Oh okay. Oh wow, Okay. We don't live in the same state anymore, so I just let it be and I didn't know how to process, you know? That's a lot. This is a fucking mess. I do my own. Ironically Father's Day is the day I get mine back. I open it up and there is no jack to be found and it says that me and my twin brother are half siblings. Wow. Yeah, it's called super. I don't know how to say it. No, It's very, very rare. There's like 10 cases in all of America. Whoa. Wow. So your mother was carrying two different people's child. Isn't that Wow.


At Literally the exact same time. Yeah. What I'm upset don't even know how to tell my brother that he's the only one of us seven. That's not well, Do you know though the other fives, have they done ancestry? None of them have. We don't know how much Jack was in or out of the picture. My dad has got black hair and blue eyes and my twin is the tallest out of everybody. He is like six one. I'm four 11 and he's wanderer and so is Jack. After doing lots and lots of fun research. So then, then I decided to go crazy on my ancestry and connects to more dots and just try to make sense of it. And I couldn't, I couldn't connect any more dots. So they have these things called DNA Angels. I don't know if you've ever heard of 'em, but like huge shout out to them.


They do it for free. They'll log into your ancestry and they'll help you connect some dots from fifth cousins all the way down to like maybe who your grandfather's father was. So I call on them, I'm like, help me. So she logs in and about 10 hours later she calls me and she's like, I'm really sorry, but you're not your dad's either. What Third guy plot, fucking tweet, Stop. She's like, it's one of these three men. They're all brothers. They connect to a grandfather that my DNA connected to Mom was busy. She sure was USY busy. So I just started at the top of the three men. He is the oldest out of all 'em, closest to my mom's age. His name was James. And about two hours into researching, do I not land on a photo of Jack James, my mom, all at a conference the year of my birth.


Oh, I mean there was like 10 of em. But those three were in the middle. Like my mom was in the middle and Jack and James, oh. And I continued to find out Jack was the president of this company. And they were like the trustees. Okay, now hold that. Was it a threesome? Well, I asked that question a lot. I've done so much investigating. The only thing I don't know is did they take turns? Right? Nancy? NCS was one night and then the next night and She'd like go down to the bar after. Exactly. Because it would have to be that Fast. There's a lot of permeations here. I think it Was Orgy. Even if she hyper ovulated, the studies show it has to be within a couple days. Okay. So have you discussed any of this with your mom? No, I haven't confronted her. You haven't? I told my twin, which kind of like ruined our relationship.


No. So he called Jack 'cause I'm sitting on it for months and then he comes out here for our birthdays and I'm like, so guess what? And he is like, mom got Eiffel Tower. And I was like, that's not funny. What's That Mean? What does that mean? She knows a lot of code words. Just think about a Eiffel Tower sex turn. Oh, oh share. Like a wobbly h sawhorse. Yeah. I don't Get it. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I do. I do. He calls this guy. 'cause I had this guy's phone number. Mind you both, these two men are married 50 years plus. So they were married to these women and they still are. He calls him and he is like, Hey, guess we parent child matched on Ancestry and Jack's like your mom and I agreed. We'd never have any contact with you, so bye. Oh my God. So they knew God. Well he's afraid.


Sure. And I'm not out here to hurt anybody. He could have been like, here's a few medical things you might need to know. Exactly. Minimally, I'm sorry that this Happened. Yeah. Here's 5,000 bucks. Well, Jack had no kids. Maybe He thought he was sterile. Well, He knew about us though. We Weren't saying oh and sent a telegram, But he doesn't probably know that I'm James'. He probably thinks he has me and my brother out there. He's like, okay, I don't need to talk to you, but is your sister gonna call? 'cause I need to tell her I don't wanna talk to her either. Right. My Sister calls, it's gonna be a longer conversation. He's not my dad so I can't say anything to him. And then I looked up mine and he was once upon a time the Supreme Court justice of a southern state. So I decided to leave that alone. Holy moly. And he's got kids and grandkids and I'm not ruin anyone's life.


It doesn't change who I am. But Are you like, what am I? So yeah, what impact does this have? 'cause we've talked to some people today who have had this experience and some of them are like, it doesn't matter. It's cool to know. And that's still my parent and I don't really care. Yeah. I Went to a conference on it. They're called NPE Non Parental Event or Non Expected Parent. And a lot of people just crying like, Ugh, the mailman's. My dad and my mom lied my whole life and it's my identity. And I'm like, no, it's not. You are who you are. Your blood's blood. You know, I grew up with step siblings. My kids have had a stepdad. I don't identify with who was in the room that night. I identify with who I turned out to be and the people that care to stay in my life. I have great relationships with people that are blood and that aren't Yep. Yes. I'm bummed and I can see why my mom always had just this undercover.


I'm not so sure about her. Get rid of her. She just didn't like me. Oh, I can't imagine though that she's assumed the twins were from two different men. Even though she had sex with two different people. There's No way that Would just not only spoil her, your dad left and cheated. Not only did he do that, but you doubled down, you know? And to tear down a woman in her late seventies, it's just like, what's the point? I told one of my sisters, the other sibs don't know. And she's like, you've gotta tell her. And I'm like, no, I don't. I mean, the only reason I think to tell her is like she is a medical Marvel History. Literally. Yeah. Historic. There probably is just 50 cases this has ever happened. Yeah. I think that they said in just America there's 12 and then the other countries there's more.


But you don't have a lot of documentation on this. How many twins both do it. You just assume one's DNA is the other. Yeah. Wow. This is twisty attorney Growing up though, did you think you and your twin had twin abilities? Well, they did share a mom. Right. And like we shared a room and we shared a lot of time together and I always thought we had this special bond. Are you left-handed? No. My little boy is though. Maybe he'll be president. Sure. Over index. What a story. Oh my god. That's a barn burner. Thank you so much for sharing it. Yes. Yeah, you guys, it was super fun. I do need to give a shout out to one of my friends, Rebecca, she actually used your story to ask about dyslexia and she gives it to her students at the elementary school she teaches at.


And she loves, loves, loves you guys. She got me interested in you guys' podcast. Thank you Rebecca. Yeah, That's lovely. Yeah. Shout out. Well, lovely meeting you All. I'll be thinking about that one for a while. That one's gonna stick. Yep. Have a great Day. Take care. Feel better. Thank you. Bye. This one really got out. I feel like we need to do this again. I'm Sweating four for four. They also grew in intensity. Yeah, they did. There was like a natural progression that felt Scripted. Oh my God. A show Bon me. Bon me fu. Are you gonna go look into your DNA? I feel like now I'm not anyone's, don't you?


All those stories is make you feel like, oh shit, who Are my Everyone? Who am I? Who am I? Who's, my mom isn't book. Are you my mom? That's a great Mother Or something. Are you my mom? Are you my mom? I thought it was already you. My It could be mother, but it's Mother Fuck. Sorry. Yeah. That's so formal. Sorry. And thank you. No wonder people said no. They're like, you're stuck up. I'm your mother, I'm your mom. Mother. If you didn't grow up with them, they're your mother. The little bird asks a bulldozer if it's his mother. Are you my mother? Yes. That's a very sweet story. Yeah. Sweet. Alright, all. Love you. Love you. Do you wanna sing a tune or something?


Do a theme song. Oh, okay, great. We don't have a song for this new show. So here I go, go, go. We're gonna ask some random questions with the get some suggestions on the fly ish, on the fly. Enjoy


Joy. Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey


At 24. I lost my narrative, or rather it was stolen from me and the Monica Lewinsky that my friends and family knew was usurped by false narratives, callous jokes and politics. I would define reclaiming as to take back what was yours. Something you possess is lost or stolen, and ultimately you triumph in finding it again. So I think listeners can expect me to be chatting with folks both recognizable and unrecognizable names about the way that people have navigated roads to triumph. My hope is that people will finish an episode of reclaiming and feel like they filled their tank up, they connected with the people that I'm talking to, and leave with maybe some nuggets that help them feel a little more hopeful. Follow reclaiming with Monica Lewinsky on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to reclaiming early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts.