
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome. Welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm Dan Sheppard. I'm joined by Lily Padman. Hi There. Haven't confessed to parents. Oof. Some parents will be hearing this story, I guess, for the very first time. Yeah. It's an interesting way to get something out there lot. I like that we're providing a safe place to admit to your foibles. People had a lot on their chest. Yeah. They were able to relieve it. Yeah. I hope that everyone felt lighter after this. Me too.


Some are probably scared. Yeah, of course. There's a couple winners in here. There's One, there's a, yeah. We get a real rascal. Yeah, we do. Yeah. We deal with a real rascal on this one. This was super fun and I can't see any reason why we won't. People, unless You love your parents so much that you'll feel a lot of guilt. Yeah. Maybe if you have parents, you shouldn't listen. Yeah. So everyone without parents, go for it. Yeah, Feel free. All right. Enjoy.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is a no fee credit card that gives you daily cash back every day. That's 3% back at Apple and 2% back on every purchase made with Apple Card using Apple Pay. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app on your iPhone today. Subject to credit approval variable. APRs for Apple card range from 18.24% to 28.49% based on credit worthiness rates. As of January 1st, 2025. Apple card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


We are supported by Mint Mobile. Do you say data or data? Hmm. Well, at my house we say data, but I'm trying to say data. I know it's correct. That's normal, right? I say data. For the longest time I thought paying a fortune on my monthly data plan was just normal. That was until I found out about Mint Mobile and their premium wireless plans that started just 15 bucks a month. Say bye-bye to your overpriced wireless plans. Jaw dropping monthly bills and unexpected overages. Mint Mobile is here to rescue you. All plans come with high speed data or data, your choice and unlimited talk and text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. Use your phone with any Mint Mobile plan and bring your phone number along with all your existing contacts. Ditch over price wireless and get three months of premium wireless service from Mint Mobile for 15 bucks a month, no matter how you say it, don't overpay it. Shop plans@mintmobile.com slash dax. That's mint mobile.com/dax. Upfront payment of $45 for three months. Five gigabyte plan required equivalent to $15 per month. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price plan options available. Texas and fees extra C min mobile for details.


Hi Brie. Hi. Why do you have such a stylish microphone? Work Stuff? Podcasting. It's a work podcast. Fun stuff about history and animation. Oh, We Love that. The history of animation or history. And then also we do animation, History of animation. We focus on Walt Disney's life and history of Walt. Oh, what did I just hear? Just heard of interesting factoid about Walt as you do. Where was he born? He was born in Chicago, Illinois in 1901. Guess that wasn't the thing that I heard. Really put her to the test there, But she fucking nailed it. Did you see that? Probably even knows his birthday. When was his birthday? December 5th, 1901. That's right. It's right. Oh wow.


This is very timely. I'm taking my daughter to Disneyland on Friday. Oh, That would be so much fun. Do you live in California? Yeah, I live in LA actually in Franklin Village. Oh My God, you live Jesus. You live just a stones throwaway from where we are right now. She knows. Yeah. Yeah, A little bit. Okay. This is an interesting prompt. I don't know that I even understand it, which is exciting. But this is haven't confessed to parents. There's A secret. They still haven't confessed Their parents. They're still harboring. Oh my God. So sorry about that. Oh my gosh. And is there any threat of your parents listening? Probably not, but might have to send it to them after. So way an opportunity wait for people to Oh, okay. I like that. Relate themselves.


Okay. Where are you originally from? I'm originally from Bakersfield, so that's where the story takes place. Alright. Hit us with the Bakersfield story. Summer of 2010, I was going into my junior year of high school. I was definitely in my mischief era. I was dating a guy who was a senior and he had been trying to get me to sneak outta my house. And it was always a joke that you couldn't sneak out of my house. My parents had designed it. They put me on like the second floor. And always the joke with my parents was that they added a balcony off my room and it was like, oh, you just gotta look out for the rope ladder, or she's gonna try to like climb down and break her neck. And we also had a guard dog. We also had this alarm system. Oh boy. That anytime a window would open or door would open, it would ding.


I finally decided, I was like, okay, today I'm gonna commit to devising a plan. I cracked a window during the day in our laundry room. This was gonna be the only spot feasibly that I could actually get in and get out. So that night, around midnight, I crept down the stairs, made it past the guard dogs, locked myself in the laundry room and was like, okay, step one complete. The window that I was climbing out of was on top of a countertop. So I had to climb up on the countertop, take out the window screen. I just put it outside and climbed on out. My boyfriend was down the street, picked me up. We went out to a party on the orchards. He dropped me back off. It was like 3:00 AM Had you gotten drunk at this party? Yeah, yeah, of course. Okay, so a different person returning than had left.


Very competent. Tom Cruise person made their escape. And now Mr. Be returning. Yeah. So my boyfriend had left. Once I got back to the window, I realized I had messed up the window. I had to climb up on a countertop. So it's six feet off of the ground and I'm five two on a good day. All I am thinking of is just get my body back inside. We're not thinking about anything else. Can't get caught. So I finally hoist myself up, climb back in, and then I look outside and realize the stupid window screen is still outside. I didn't think to keep it inside. Can't jump back out. Not doing that again. And I tried to like dingle down, grab it. The dingle didn't work. No. I was like, you know what, it's in this garden area. There's a lot of plants.


I'm just gonna wake up early in the morning. I'll get it, put it back. So make it back upstairs. I remember just like laying down in my bed, going like I did it. I got away with it and was so happy. The next morning my sister's waking me up and she's on the phone with my dad and she tells me someone broke into the house. Oh, Of course. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm, yeah. Right. It could have been a squirrel That removed a screen from the window. They're very Depth. They're very depth. Okay, See, I needed you, Monica, coming up with some ideas. That would've been a big red flag. I think It was definitely a squirrel. Yeah. When your kids suggest like, I bet it was a squirrel. Okay, so you did it. That's fine. Let's talk about that. I remember sitting up and for a split second I was like, well, maybe did somebody break in after me.


But that just definitely wasn't the case. My dad is telling us that when he was leaving for work, he went to water the plants. I didn't realize that he did this every morning. And guess what was propped right up against the watering hose was the stupid window screen. Oh Shit. My dad concluded it was a break-in. He was running late to work. So he's like, just check all the windows, check all the doors, make sure nothing has been stolen. And so we had to check and he's trying to work through it. He's like, but you have to take the windows screen off inside. And the way our windows are, they kind of lock and I'm just so panicked in this moment. We're now gonna get creative. I'm not getting caught this far in. Yeah. Yeah. And I was like, Oh my God. The burglars broken yesterday.


We're hanging out in our house the entire day. And then at night they snuck out of the laundry room. Oh, squirrel. Adjacent theory. A Little squirrely, but kind of like that movie parasite where they live in the basement. Right. It's like the burglars lived in the basement for the day and then snuck back out. Something like that. I was like, this story makes zero sense. Closed the window behind themselves, but then didn't replace the screen. Yeah. But somehow that story stuck. Oh, I Love this. My dad bought that story. Oh wow. He was like, you know what? I guess that probably is what happened. Oh, I wonder if he, He knew he must Have that night. My family, we were talking about it at dinner. I'm still going hard on this story.


Trying to get into the mind of these burglars. Wow, what a crazy thing that they did. They must have just been hiding in one of our closets. Oh, You're making it so scary. And my parents are like, I think we need to call the cops. This is bad. And I'm like, they didn't take anything though. Maybe like, let's not get the cops involved. They're just baffled. Nothing was stolen this summer. I was getting in trouble a lot. My parents were always trying to sniff out a lie or like a coverup. And so I just figured they knew it was really me. They didn't wanna have this conversation in front of my sister. I'm Leaning towards that. But Why wouldn't they just say, Hey, we know it was you. Well maybe they just don't wanna talk about it at all. It kind of like if you think your wife fucked somebody and you're like, I actually don't ever want to talk about it.


Oh, I see. I'm just not gonna bring it up. And I might have been suspicious for months, but then once I think it happened, like I truly don't ever want to talk about that. Don't. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. There's that. Or a squirrel Or they're just like, it'll be more of a punishment for her that she has to continue this preposterous lie. Maybe they're amused by You. That depends on how fun your parents are. They're definitely a fun time. But during this period, I was being grounded a lot. They were really enjoying that and taking away all my things. See, Okay then this is confusing. I think They believed it A week later. My dad's friends are over and one of 'em is a dean of a high school. He's always sniffing out suspicious shit that kids are up to. And my dad tells the story. So I'm like, okay.


He actually does buy this crock of shit. Yeah. Yeah. He's telling his friends this happened and I'm just standing there like, Oh my God, I have to continue to sell this stupid story. And his friend is like, wow, what a weird thing to happen. And just keeps moving on. And I was like, okay. And my dad would keep bringing it up every now and then and I just haven't said anything because I'm like, he wanted to think the best of me. Might as well keep that going. How did they get in originally? Just the front door was unlocked during the day while you guys were home. I Guess that's the theory. Yeah. We used to leave like our garage open. Okay. And someone cut up. I got away with it and it's been almost 15 years. Oh This is great. Yeah, Like I could see my, I wouldn't buy that story for a hot minute, but I might also not even deal with it. Would you believe a squirrel?


Nope. Okay. Well Brie, I'm excited to hear what the reaction is if it does get to them now. Yeah. That your dad's been pedaling this story. What if his only resentment is like, damn, that's one of my best stories. I just told it last week at the bar. God, I hope not. He saw parasite and he's like, I lived this. Yes. This Is my Life. He is a lawsuit against him. Oh, well thanks for sharing. I hope you feel relieved. It's off your chest now. It seems like you're not a troublemaker anymore. You seem like you're really sorted. Once I moved outta Bakersfield, left all that mischief behind Where I'm from. Milford's a little bit. Bakers fieldy. I know about just having to get into some shit 'cause there's nothing else to do. Exactly. That's what good old suburbs are for.


Alright, well lovely meeting you Bree. Lovely meeting You too. Now I'll wave if I see you in the neighborhood. Yeah, Absolutely. Definitely. Well have a great day. And Monica, your race to 35 changed my outlook on life. So I just wanna say thank you for that and thank you for all the work you guys do. Oh, Thanks. All right. Bye. Take care. Bye. Remember when you said Mr. Beans? Mr. Bean? Such a old reverence. It was, Yeah, but picture him coming in the house isn't, it's the right visual isn't in suit. He wears a suit a lot. Yeah. Oh, you want hear something even more random. So Rowan Atkinson plays Mr. Beam. Two funny things. He does a perfect Martin Brundle impersonation. And when he was interviewed on the Formula One grid by Martin Brundle, he's doing Martin Brundle to him.


And Martin doesn't realize it, but it is identical. So it's just two Martin Brundle speaking. Wait, who is? He's the big commentator on F1. He is such a distinct delivery and Rowan is just doing him to him and he doesn't realize it. It's one of the funniest clip I've ever seen. Oh, that's funny. Secondly, he bought a McLaren F1 for $750,000. The road car. He crashed it two or three times and he sold it for $12 million. No, It appreciated with crashes. Yes. Even with the crashes. Andy's in Rat Race with Ike beholds Rowan. Nuh yeah. Rowan's in Rat Race with Vince Vlo. Yeah.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, to check that you took your allergy pill first before you go to the botanical garden, like you know to make sure that cute coat you bought is waterproof first. Before you wear it outside on a rainy day or checking that a potential partner is an arm cherry checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


We are supported by Quince. Something about the weather warming up makes you want to get outside and go somewhere new, doesn't it? It's the spring travel itch. Oh my gosh. It's Spring break is upon us. Whether you're in school or not, you should still take a spring trip. Yes. I'm taking the girls to Hawaii. If you've got spring break travel plans of your own, get where you're going in style by treating yourself to a first class quality suitcase at an economy price with Quince. Quince has premium luggage options and durable duffel bags to carry it all. We've told you before about how we love our apparel from Quince. So many cute things. The cashmere, it's so soft, Beautiful sweater. But also I have these knives from Quince. Oh that are incredible. They do have really, really, really high-end products. They're the greatest. So you can get ready to head out with your quince luggage and stuff it with some fresh outfits from Quince and look amazing on your trip too. They've got it all. For your next trip, treat yourself to the luxe upgrades you deserve from quince. Go to quince.com/dax for 365 day returns, plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/dx


We are supported by better help. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session, which adds up fast. But with better help online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session. And you know people don't have any problem investing into their physical health. Yeah. And I sure would like to see them have that same willingness to invest in their mental health with better Help. You pay a flat fee for weekly sessions. Saving you big on cost and time therapy should feel accessible. Not like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything. From anxiety to everyday stress, your mental health is worth it and now it's within reach. With over 30,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join a session with the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. Plus switch therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help he lp.com/dax.


Hi. This is a setup Also. You look like you are a star of Dallas. You've never seen that jokes. You're too young. Oh, I'm from Dallas. Oh you are? Maybe. And that's why it's the hair. Were you A child voice your radio cheerleader? No. My roommate from college was though. Did you watch the Netflix show about it? Not the most recent one. Do you remember the one that was on the country channel? Yep. Years and years ago. That was her season making the Team How exciting. The newer Netflix one. They do show that other show quite often. Yes. That's How I know about it. And Rycroft was on that. She was from The Bachelor. So I really enjoyed That. Double dipped on these reality shows. And who loves ovarian motorworks in your household?


I worked for BMW. There we go. My husband did as well. Just kind of kept it in the family. In what Capacity? We worked For just about every dealer you can think of. We've bought and sold several dealerships over the years. Anywhere from a Hyundai to Ford to BMW, Subaru Mazda, all of 'em. When we moved to Colorado, we're buying into this BMW and mini store and my husband was very good at fixing dealerships, taking them from being very low profit to being super high profit very quickly. And so when he got sick and passed away, they kind of shoved me into his role. 'cause I knew how his brain worked and what his plans were, First of all. So sorry to hear that. Yeah, you look very young to have lost a husband.


Definitely. Secondly, is it get the service situation working correctly. Is that the first step? Always. That's your repeat customer. Okay. Ashley, you have a story. Does it take place in Dallas? So this takes place in Albuquerque actually, I think y'all were filming employee of the month when this took place. Oh my gosh. I was staying at the Embassy Suites. I was in high school and mind you, I lost sleep last night. I have not told but one person. This story in 23 years since it happened, Oh My God, I'm about 16. I had wrecked a motorcycle, had to have surgery along with surgery Comes pain medication happened to wake up the day after the surgery, I'd also come down with mono.


Oh, Street bike or dirt bike, street Bike. So I raced all through high school and partway through college. Oh my God. Oh my God. Not drinking enough water. My throat hurts. I'm trying to get food down. Taking Tylenol on top of it for a fever. Just this whole perfect storm of things. About nine, 10 days in I haven't pooped. Sure, You're on opiates. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like super duper impacted. My doctor's like, you need to put her on some stool softeners. That should help. And if that doesn't work, try laxative. So we do that over the course of a couple of days. Finally I'm like, I gotta go. Of course it's the day that my parents have 15 people over for bible study. My bathroom is the guest bathroom. Oh. Oh Fuck. I managed to go in there, give birth.


It's essentially labor 'cause it's hard. Two weeks worth. Oh My God. My best friend was like, you should make a Play-Doh model so they can see it. So I get this thing out, I look in the toilet and I'm like, this isn't going anywhere. Sure, sure. Try to flush it. It's not budging. Oh, It's In there solid. Now I'm like, okay, I can't go out there and ask for plunger. I can't leave it here. People are gonna wanna use this bathroom. I'm looking through the cabinets going, maybe I can break it up and get it down. I find this solo cup. It's under the cabinet that I had left under there from one of my secret parties. Decide I'm gonna fish this thing out. It's bad enough if my parents have to see it, but if all my friends' parents from church had to see it.


So I fish this thing out and I'm like, alright, well I'm gonna open the window and toss it, I guess. Wow. Okay. Okay, great. Now it fit in a solo cup. Girth wise. Yeah. Okay. Wow. Okay, great. Yeah. Yeah. Can You believe that was in your body? I don't know how. I didn't have some kind of rectal prolapse. Giving birth was not even as bad. We'll say that. Oh. So I take the screen off the window, toss it out on our side yard. Were all these juniper bushes. And so no one ever went over there, tossed it in there and thought it'll rain, it'll snow, it'll go away. The problem is gone. Go about my life. Go back to school. Everything's perfect. Seven months down the road, my parents decide they're gonna clear out that side yard. Yard. My mom was rescuing turtles or something at the time, and so she wanted this space for these tortoises.


I pull out these bushes. Lo and behold, this thing has petrified. So it's just lying there. Oh my God. So I hear my mom come inside and she's like, I don't know who would poop in our side yard. That's just crazy. And my dad is going, I don't know, it must've been a contractor on this person. He's of course thinking this had to come out of a man. Right. Wrong man. I'm like, what do I do? So I go out and I'm like, what happened? What are you guys doing? It's a Big to do. Why Didn't it get washed away? It's the desert. They don't get enough rain. It snowed and just like froze it. And then it was there And turned into an icicle.


I agreed. I was like, it must have been one of these workers, one of the roofers maybe. Sure. One of these jerks. Ha. To this day, I am now 38 years old, about to be 39. I've never spoken a word of this, but to one person. We feel so lucky. Me too. I'm so proud of you. Way to handle your business. If I'm your father, I go, good for you. When the dirty work needs doing, you roll up your sleeves and you get it done. Literal dirty work. Gotta get the duty done. I wanna see it so bad, don't you Monica? Yeah. Yeah. I do think the Play-Doh would've been a good idea. Here's the disgusting part about me. If I did that same thing, I would want to see it again. Maybe a couple weeks later I would be like, I'm gonna go look.


'cause you might build it up in your head like a fish you caught. No. Like it wasn't really as big as I'm remembering it. I think most people think, I wanna forget this ever happened. I Got you. I think that's the female take. I can promise you my husband would've been like, cover it in epoxy. Let's save it. Let's just put it in a case. Let's record. It's A trophy. It Does seem like something we'd have up here. Well, we're proud of you. Yeah. For taking care of biz and also sharing figured. If I'm gonna share it at all, I should share it with the entire world. Yeah. That's a good start. Did the hydrocodone thing ever pop up again? No one, it kind of made me never wanna take it again. But even later on with future injuries, I realized it makes me so sick I can't take opiates at all. You've done a lot of things right.


Ever get back on the motorcycle? Not since having my kids. Don't shame me. Yeah. I feel that subtweet there. I think You're making the right decision. There are moments, especially after losing my husband, where that adrenaline rush and that ability to just turn off everything around you seems so tempting. But when you're in that level of grief, the last thing you need is the temptation to just do 180 just because it feels good. Yeah. Right. Well actually this has been a blast. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks for Chatting. Thanks to you guys. I know everyone does this. I have not been an armchair from day one. We like new listeners. Yeah, We do. Well, when Steve got sick, we were going through chemo and that takes forever. Our first chemo deal was eight hours of a day.


We didn't know what to do. We were bored and I was looking for podcasts and I came across you guys and so we were sharing our little air pods and it's what we did during his two or three chemo appointments that he had before he passed. It was nice. It got us through and got us some laughs. Oh man. That's really lovely. Well lovely meeting you. Yeah, thanks for sharing all that with us too. All right, have a good one. Bye. Take care. Hi Noah. How are you? Hi, How are you guys doing? Good. I'm so intrigued by all the different posters on your wall. Wilco, we got Twin Peaks, we got the day the earth stood still. We are moving nerds in our household. How fun. Where are you? What part of the world? I'm far away from you guys in Los Filas.


That's twice today. We had a Franklin Village person. Do you guys Think we over index in Los Filas for secrets? We haven't told parents? Oh Well we like run away from our homes because we're so ashamed from our past selves. We're trying to escape. I agree. I think there's something there. They Go to UCB, it'll be funny and get over it You to laugh their way through the shame. Okay. So what did you do that you haven't told your parents about? This Was my freshman year of high school. I was in an English language honors class. My mom was really strict on maintaining As and B's. We read a book every quarter, maybe two books a quarter and she would do weekly reading checks. Our teacher, let's call her Mrs.


Puff. Okay, great. I hated assigned reading. Growing up, it was really difficult. I would push it off to the last second. So that class which required a lot of assigned reading, I was falling behind. I was ing 85 is a B 84 is a C. Well That's bullshit. 79 is a C. In South Carolina where I grew up, it was 85 to 92 was a B. Oh Yeah. That's bullshit. That Sucks. It was tough. I had to maintain that in my household. So we're reading this book. We have a reading check. I'm at the point, if I do bad on another reading check, it's gonna bring my grade down to a C and I'm really dreading it. So we have this test on a Tuesday. Monday night comes, I didn't read and this is twenty ten, twenty eleven.


So there's not iPhones. When you get to school you can like cram, you can do the spark notes. So I get to school the class before my English class is pe. We're doing basketball. It's one of my loves. We're in a really intense pickup game. I'm playing point guard at one point I get elbowed really hard in the chest. I'm okay, you know, it took me a second to catch my breath, but I kind of had this like light bulb moment. Maybe I just exaggerate this a bit. So when I get to this class, I can go to the nurse and take the test. A little later I finished the class. I didn't go to the nurse right away. I went to the locker room. I'm trying to sell it a little bit. I'm not telling anyone of my ideas. So I'm like sitting in the locker room like I'm really not feeling that great.


And they're like, oh man, you good? I'm like, yeah, I really got elbowed really hard and I, I'm just not really doing too hot. And they're like, oh man, you good? I'm like, yeah, I'll be good. I'll be good. I'm walking to class. I'm really trying to sell it. As I'm walking, I'm dragging ass a little bit. I'm walking up the stairs, maybe stopping every few steps. You can't go over the top, but you have to plant these seeds. Right. I saw him on the stairs and he was Struggling. He rested midway up the stairs, I think get Into full character. I make it to class. It's second period. I'm sitting next to a couple guys. The guy sitting next to me is this guy Caleb. So I'm like, yeah guys, I'm really not feeling good. Even Caleb looks at me, he's like, man, do you think you should go to the nurse?


Oh my God, I'm God. I'm like, I think I'm good. Really quick. What could feel worse than getting sympathy that you don't deserve? It barely puts you into the head space of these people with moon childen. Because I feel so they love guilty. I know I don't take sympathy very well. Like if someone feels bad for me, try to pat me on the back. I'm like, oh no, I'm fine. That's my initial reaction and I try to play into that here. So I'm kind of thinking we're gonna maybe do a couple things before the test starts. We have morning announcements and then immediately my teacher, Mrs. Puff is like, alright guys, we're gonna get to go on the test. And I'm like, okay, it's showtime. Oh fuck. Raise my hand. I'm like, Mrs. Puff. And she's like, Noah, don't interrupt me while I'm talking.


That's rude. In that moment I got really heated. I think my defense mechanism really went off. You got Indignant. I'm dying and you're telling me to Stop. You believe your own story. Immediately this fire goes off in my head and I raise my hand and I scream at the top of my lungs. Miss P, I'm having a heart Attack And I put my head on my desk. I just made myself hyperventilate. 'cause what do you do when you're having a heart attack? This is Wild. She sprints outta the room and yells. Call Nine one one. Oh my God. Call 9 1 1. Oh boy. This is like the girl who staged a slip and fall at Kmart. What I'm doing right now, I don't realize until much, much later on that it is really illegal.


Sure, sure, sure. Let's not get hung up on that. I Don't think I can get in trouble now. No, no, no. So she runs outta the room. She's like, someone call 9 1 1. I'm in this. There's no being like, just kidding. Yeah, you're past the point of no return. The whole class Is cleared out. Oh and and EMS comes. They're like talking to me. I'm not answering any of their questions. Well, you're playing nonresponsive. Oh my God. I'm giving 'em a couple words. Oh my God. Oh my God. They bring in a air tank and they gimme oxygen. What if they Started doing like a chest tube? Yeah, they took my pulse. They're like, yeah, it's probably an anxiety attack that this kid's having. So they put me on a stretcher and they stretch me out of the high school.


I had a really big high school. It was like 4,000 students. So I get taken to the hospital. I'm sitting there, my mom shows up. Well, Hold on, she kind of deserves this. Why when you put this much stress on your kids to get bs? No. Like look what lengths they'll go to. That's how strong the stress is. We Had a strict household. I'm terrified of my mom. I'd rather do this than go through the argument. So I'm sitting there, my vice principal shows up. The principal of our like freshman Acade is there the whole time. I'm just acting dopey. I'm like, I'm okay. I'm doing better. That was really scary. I end up waiting however long it takes to get x-rays results. An hour or two, my doctor comes in, he's like, I'm glad you're doing better.


We found some interesting things on your x-rays. It turns out you have a bruise on your sternum. And I was like, oh yeah, I got elbowed in basketball earlier. He's like, when you have trauma that suffered to the chest area, sometimes our bodies react in a way that is uncontrollable, which might have caused your body to go into panic. This guy's helping me get out of it, I swear. Right. Doesn't wanna embarrass you that you had a panic attack. Exactly. I got sent home. I had the next day of school off. So because it all happened on school property, it all ended up being covered by the the school, which is great. 'cause my family didn't have health insurance At Oh my God. So my mom would've gotten really screwed.


Going to the hospital in an ambulance is incredibly Exactly. Yeah. And having x-rays and Oh my God. Yeah. It would put my family into so much trouble financially. The next day I go back to school, I ashamedly made my way over to Mrs. Puff's room. She's like, Noah, she hugs me. She's like, I'm so glad to see you. I'm like, thanks. This is so bad. I'm feeling so much better. I missed that test the other day. Can I make it up after school? And she's like, don't worry about that test. She gave me an A or B so it didn't affect my grade. What's the lesson here?


We are supported by a zip recruiter. Oh, get recruiting. You've heard of speed dating, right? Well, if you're the owner of a growing business, what if there was a feature like speed dating only for hiring? In other words, you can meet several interested qualified candidates at once all at a designated time. Well, good news there is it's zip intro from ZipRecruiter. You can post your job today and start talking to qualified candidates tomorrow. And right now you can try zip intro for free at ziprecruiter.com/dax. Zip intro gives you the power to quickly assess excellent candidates for your job via back to back video calls. You simply pick a time and zip intro. Does all the work of finding and scheduling qualified candidates for you, then you can choose who you want to talk to and meet with great people as soon as the next day. So easy. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with new zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ziprecruiter.com/dax. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/dax. Zip intro. Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


We are supported by Peloton. Peloton has what you need to achieve your fitness goals no matter why you got started. Rob, you're a Peloton devotee. How often? I am five times a week on that Peloton. Ooh. Five times a week. And what kind of changes have you noticed? I mean, my endurance. I can go longer after doing, it started at 20 minutes and now I'm doing 45 minute sessions. Oh yeah, girl. Also, I noticed your legs and haunches look gorgeous. Peloton has a variety of challenging classes and training programs. Pilates 5K, 10 k half, and full marathon programs, yoga and strength training. Peloton will push you to achieve your goals. I sneak over to my friend who has a Peloton. I sneak over there and I get in a little workout and it's so nice. Yeah, it's It is. It's an also like elegant. Yeah, It, it's Peloton has thousands of members whose lives have been changed by the workouts, experiences and community. Join them today. Find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


So I didn't tell anyone about it. It was like two years later, I told my best friend about it. We were smoking weed and I was like, Brian, I fucking faked the heart attack. Yeah. He's like, what? The heart Attack? The famous heart attack. Later on my senior year of high school, this is like three years later, I was in a talent show. I did a standup bit and I was not really doing good at writing jokes. So I decided to tell the heart attack story. Turns out Mrs. Puff is one of the judges at the talent show. Did you say you faked it? Yeah. Oh, I said it all happened in sixth grade. I changed her name to Mrs. Apple bottom jeans boots with the fur.


'cause that was in the zeitgeist at the time. The bit killed. And I won the talent show. Oh My Lord. Did she not? She never put two and two together. Oh my God. Mrs. Puff. Oh, she deserves it too. And neither my parents were there. So that's kind of where it, Wow. Wow. That's a great story. You just won one, one. I don't feel great about it. No, of course not. I You have a big smile on your face. It's I think you do feel he knows is a rascal. It's that rascal smile. I promise. I've changed. I've learned. I don't think I could do that now. Wilco would be upset for They sure. They would be very upset. Yeah. That's not the kind of thing they condone.


David Lynch Wouldn't be very proud. He might be. He was a rascal. The things we do to survive a moment. I get it. It was fight or flight. 100%. The heart attack. I like that he had to unburden himself while stone like Ralph Nik off. Exactly. Like I have to get this off my chest. Oh, well no, that was great. I'm happy that you did all that. Thank You for listening. Our pleasure. Great meeting you. Great To meet you. Also, before I let you go, my girlfriend's the one that signed this up. Can I get her to say hi? She's a huge fan. Of course. She's about to do a job interview, so this is gonna make her day. This is Elise. Hi guys. Hi. Wow, this is very exciting.


I listen to you guys every week. Nice to meet you. So nice to meet you. Where are you from? I'm from New Jersey originally. A garden state and a south Carolinian. We Met five years ago and on our first date he told me this story and He's like, he's a winner. It Was a red flag at first, but he won me over. Yeah. Eventually Like he's a liar, but he is a charming liar. That's right. Exactly. Thank you guys so much for all of the stuff you do. I saw the prompt and I was like, all right babe, you gotta do it. You're up. Well, nice meeting you guys. Yes. All right. Take care. Good Luck on your interview. Thank You so much. Bye. Wow. The heart attack. That could happen to me. No, really? I could see myself. Okay. You going for it?


You acted to get outta way you like you hated the idea of getting sympathy, but you Don't. No, I do. I wouldn't want any of that. I'd want to get out of the thing I had to get out of. Right. And then that would be the consequence of it is that I'd have to receive all this sympathy. Sure. For something I didn't deserve. You like sympathy because you left blood out. For people to see, My goal there is for them to go like, he's so stoic. Look how much he bled. I want admiration. Try to be very honest. This story is that Kristen walked in and saw on the trash can. There was all this Bloody, and that's my whole move is I don't tell her I was bleeding. Right. You like I put it on top, Pulled it up and put it on top. Yes. I wanted it to be seen. And then I wanted to hear that they admired my stoicism in the face of being injured.


I don't want sympathy, but you can understand that. Right? Like her arm broke in half and she didn't even flinch. She just calmly went to the hospital. I don't have that. Although in cheerleading, I guess there was an element of you did need to suck it up and move on. And that was a compliment. Yeah. If you could do That. Hi. We find you amid many pillows. It's my best attempt at a pillow fort. It's good. I like it. I'm not at home so I don't have a closet with clothes in it. Are you at an Airbnb? I am. So I'm originally from Vancouver, Canada, but I live in Phoenix and I'm on tour right now in Miami. How do you Like Phoenix? Coming from Vancouver, that couldn't be a more opposite environment. I actually had seasonal depression my first three years there with too much sun.


Oh, I know. My wife told me it wasn't a thing. Yeah. Monica, your dad's sim is in full effect today. The episode came out with Seth Rogan. So I'm a cannabis chef and I travel around the world doing very high-end fine dining cannabis dinners. Whoa. I actually developed the curriculum for the American Culinary Federation to start training chefs how to use it. And today Seth was talking about how bad the edible experiences can be and I was literally yelling like, no, don't say this. You're scaring people. I guarantee he'd be first in line to have your cuisine. So you're making different dishes and a lot of them have weed in it. As the meal progresses, you're getting a little stoned and then more hungry.


So by the time dessert hits, you're like, fucking bring this shit. Yeah. We, we like a five course menu. Every course has one infused component and then we dose each guest on their own tolerance level. I've served over 25,000 people now with about a thousand first time cannabis users. People who've never touched the plant before. So trying to change the perception that edibles mean cookies, brownies, gummies, and that it can be a very enjoyable, fun experience if done properly. Wow. What a neat niche you've found yourself in. Yeah. Unintended. It just kind of happened. What's your signature dish? What's the one you're most proud of that people rave about? Probably a pgi poutine dish that I do where we do a potato infused pgi, short rib regu, and then a maple apple boursin cheese.


Oh my God. Right now with my menus, it's very Canadian forward. We're all very patriotic at the moment in any way that we can show our pride. Sure. I get It. You got no beef with the citizens. I hope everyone knows. No, I love America and I love Americans. We love Canada. I also love poutine. You have a huge percentage of people on Ontario Anonymous that are Canadian. I don't know if you guys recognize, but there's always Canadians phoning in with good stories. You're Dead right? It does over index. Given the fact that there's less in Canada than California, it's pretty wild. Absolutely. Yeah. Okay. So you've got a story to confess. I do. I gotta start off by saying I have the most amazing parents and I don't know how they didn't give up on me, get rid of me or trade me in because I got in a lot of trouble as a kid.


This story has to do specifically with Halloween, where I'm from. In Canada, our high schools were grade eight to 12. So we didn't really have a middle school. You went from elementary school into high school and I got grounded every single Halloween from grade eight to 11. I would do something in September, get grounded, and that was the thing they would take away from me. They took away trick or treating. That's harsh. That Is, I probably would've been up to no good. So maybe it was a good thing, except I still got up to no good. Okay. Okay. Grade nine, suspended at home. Not allowed to go out for Halloween, but my dad still wanted me to have some fun. So the fireworks in Canada are pretty tame. So we used to actually drive across the border down to Blaine, Washington.


We would buy the fun fireworks and then we'd bring them back up to Canada. So my dad's like, listen, you gotta stay home, but let's go down and get you some fireworks. So he's kind of to blame here a little bit. I would think. Halloween's going on. I'm in the backyard lighting off our fireworks, having fun. My little brother comes home from trick or treating. His friend is there with him. It's getting later in the night, my parents decide to go down the street to a friend's house to see them for a little bit. Little brother and his friend are in bed and I'm wide awake. I've got a basket full of fireworks. And dunno if you remember the movie Problem Child. It was a movie early in the nineties about a family that adopted a boy who looked beautiful, but oh, was very mischievous.


Okay. Oh my God. There's a scene in the movie when he lights Annette Matey at school, flushes it down the toilet and the ate. He goes all the way over to the other washroom where the principal is and it blows all the water out of the toilet. Okay. Oh, what a great plan. Plastic prank. Yeah, right. Let's give it a try. Oh, I've only got a little bottle rocket. I light it, I drop it in the toilet and it starts to spiral around and a round and around. It's not going down. It blows and it cracks the entire toilet base. Oh, water starts gushing out. It's pouring everywhere. Now. I'm 13.


I don't know. There's a water valve right behind. I am grabbing towels. I'm trying to put it around. I give it about three minutes and pretty much I'm going to bed. Oh. Oh my God. Oh my God. Yes. God bless your parents. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. There's so much here already. Three minutes. The notion that it was a good idea for you to put a firework in the toilet inside your house. This is like if you got a 13-year-old boy at home, anything's on the table. I know, my God. Like I can see that making sense to me. But why would that make, and then another thing, shame on your pa. You should have known where the fucking shut off valve was. You gotta teach your kids to shut Up. I still don't know That there's a fucking nozzle behind the toilet and you crank it to the right.


I think not everyone knows that. Well, They should though. 'cause you get in these situations where flooding can occur, then the real damage starts. So my great idea is to dip in into bed and pretend it wasn't me. Oh boy. Literally Lying in bed, waiting to hear the front door open and them coming home and also thinking, please hurry up and come home because the basement is flooding. Did you take the rocket out? No, it's still in there. Okay. Well you just threw your hands in the air. Exactly. I hear the front door open. I hear my parents come in and then my dad was 6 6 260 pound. Very big man. Very intimidating. All of a sudden you hear, what the fuck Mama pulls me, my brother and my brother's friend out lines us up.


Now they've shut the water off 'cause they know where the valve is and they're like, who did this? And I'm keeping my mouth shut. My dad lost his temper a little bit. Remember the old big computer monitors? Yes, Yes. Yeah, Yeah. So there was one of those in the room you were standing in. He may have broke it in anger. Yeah. Okay. Sure. When the monitor broke, I knew right then I was never going to admit to doing this. Yep. Right. Yeah. I was sleeping. Must have been my brother and his friend. Oh, my brother was a good kid. He didn't do Anything. Sounds like it. He is got a buddy sleeping over. He was allowed to trick or treat by the way. I can't even believe they're asking. It's so obviously you Clearly They end up sending my brother's friend home.


Me and my brother are grounded for another two months. Oh, I'm grounded for another. He gets a grounding he didn't deserve. Ironically, it's his birthday today. Happy birthday Blair. And I'm very sorry. It's a confess to you as Well. Oh, poor Blair. That is the time that I blew up our toilet on Halloween. Oh, And you never confessed. You just stood strong. I got in trouble so much that I saw how mad he was. Now lemme ask you this. If he hadn't broke the computer monitor, do you think you would've confessed? I don't think in that moment. I was already in a grounding. I handled every part of it wrong. Did your brother try to rat you out? I actually convinced my brother it was his friend. The sad part is it cost him that friendship.


Oh, they never hung out again. 'cause he was like, you need to admit to doing this. And he was like, I didn't do it. And I was like, like you said, who would blow up their own toilet? Right. Clearly it had to have been the friend who was over who had this idea. Oh, This is so funny. Yeah. So this is really for Blair. Happy birthday Blair. I'm so sorry that Travis perpetrated all this on you. I love you Blair. He made it. I made it. My wife and I are trying to have a family right now and my mom and dad keep saying to me, you're going to get a Travis. Yeah. I'll have a travesty of my own and I will know what it's like to walk in their shoes when I look back at what happened throughout my teen years.


Amazing parents. Well, Travis, thank you for that. That was great. I just wanted to say one thing, Dax, the very first episode I listened to was Gwyneth Paltrow. The very first time you had her on. Oh, You said something that impacted my entire career and I don't remember word for word what it was, but it's always stuck with me. When you're working on a project, you're always kind of focused on finishing and what the reward is and the real reward is the journey. I've got to go everywhere. I've got to cook with amazing chefs. But I've always kept that in mind of I'm here right now and in 20 years I'm gonna remember this moment, not the reward. It to me has been just such a great motto to really recognize how special everything is.


I just really appreciate the shows you guys do. Travis, thank you. I'm so delighted. We Hope you have a great rest of your day. Yeah, take care brother. Nice meeting you. Bye. Thanks guys. Well that was fun. I wonder if this will instigate a slew of people confessing stuff to their parents. The only one of these that I would think the parent actually didn't know would be Noah. You think, Oh the shit. I guess they don't think it, sir. I don't. You're right. But they won't care If they find out now you mean? Yeah, but the heart attack, the mom's still gonna go. That could have bankrupted us. Exactly. Noah. Alright, well we Love you. I love you. Do you wanna sing a tune or something? When a theme Song?


Oh, Okay, great. We don't for this new show. So here I go. Random. Some suggestions. The Fly, fly, enjoy.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon music, or wherever you get your Podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Dedication isn't born in the light of day. It's carved in the quiet hours before the world blinks awake At Boris head, we rise with a mission to deliver craftsmanship worthy of your table. A slice of something special folded into every moment worth savoring because dedication means delivering only the very best. Thank You. Welcome Floors. Had committed to craft since 1905.