
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm Randall Shepherd. I'm joined by Monica Lilly. Oh, That was Cool. It was hard. Okay. The prompt was Bad. Proposals. Yeah. Proposals gone wrong. Yes, but oh my Lord. I mean, this is like tied with that crazy bear attack or shark attack. Yes. This goes exactly. This goes some places. It really builds this one, It just gets, gets more and more intense. Yeah. And then the last one is a nailbiter.


Wow. Wow. This is a banger. Yeah. Please listen to this one and happy Valentine's Day. Oh, is that what it is? Yeah. It was meant to pair up a little bit. Okay, great. Yeah. Happy Valentine's Day. May your heart be full of love and can merriment in his name. We pray he has risen. What are you gonna do for Valentine's Day? Eat chocolates. I'll try not to. Yeah. I mostly think of my mom always would ask me to be her Valentine. Aw, that's sweet. Yeah. And so I'll, I'll ask the girls to be my Valentine. That's cute. And they're, They'll still like it. They'll oblige. Yeah. Did your dad ever ask you to be his? Of course not. Yeah.


Did you guys do Valentine's? We didn't even have it. Yeah. Well we did. My mom, no, my mom would sometimes Bring, would she get you a box of chocolate? Yeah, my mom would get us a box of chocolate. I think she would do something nice every now and then. But I'm not gonna get my kids anything. 'cause they're already spoiled. They already have too much Chocolate. Why do you tell them that on Valentine's Day? Be my Valentine. I'm not getting you anything. You're Gonna repent this Valentine's Day. Please enjoy Bad Proposals.


We are supported by Zip Recruiter. Oh, get recruit. And according to research, a major challenge many employers face is the pressure to hire quickly. It's a tough hurdle to overcome. It's so time consuming to search for great candidates and sort through applicants. Well, If you are an employer who can relate, I have a question for you. Have you tried ZipRecruiter? ZipRecruiter has figured out how to solve this very problem. In fact, four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. And right now you can try ZipRecruiter for free at ziprecruiter.com/dax. ZipRecruiter's Smart technology starts showing your job to qualified candidates immediately. Their powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent so you don't waste time or money. See a candidate who'd be perfect for your job. You can use ZipRecruiter pre-written invite to apply message to personally reach out to your favorite candidates. So relax employers and let ZipRecruiter speed up your hiring. See for yourself. Just go to ziprecruiter.com/d right now to try it for free. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/dax. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.


We are supported by Nordic Naturals. I love that name. Let's just start with the name. Nordic Naturals. Great name. I also love these products. You're in love with them. Yes. I already went through an entire magnesium. You did. You blasted right. Blasted through and a vitamin C. Well, did you know that more than 80% of Americans don't get enough Omega-3 fats from their diet? Count me in that. Yeah. We know that. Nordic Natural's Ultimate Omega is trusted by doctors and healthcare professionals to deliver foundational Omega-3 fatty acid support for heart, brain, joint, and mood health, immune system function, and much more. Their bestselling Ultimate Omega fish oil provides concentrated Omega-3 support in an exceptionally fresh and pure formula without any fishy aftertaste. And if fish isn't your thing, their new Ultimate Omega plant-based soft gels deliver over a thousand milligrams of concentrated omega threes derived from algae. That's a much higher daily dose than most vegetarian options. Supercharge your nutrition with Nordic Naturals. Use promo code Dax for 15% off your next order@nordic.com. And experience the Nordic Naturals difference yourself. That's nordic.com and promo code Dax for 15% off Times. Come and go. Take them slow. You gotta know Cole, How you guys doing?


Good. Can you hear us? Yeah, I can hear you guys. Can you hear me? Yes. Where are you, Cole? All right. I was really worried about the sound quality, so hopefully it's all right. I am in my closet here. Sound is dynamite. Connection is a little iffy. Are you far from your wifi? 'cause we might have to piss Monica off and get you outta the closet. I'm through four doors. I can go in a different room here. Now. We're getting a nice tour of your home. I can go to the home office here. Somehow got worse. I hate to say this, so I was right. We've lost the visual of you. Can I ask one last thing? Would you be willing to go to that first room you walked into? 'cause it was dynamite in there. Yes, I can absolutely do that. My wife is getting ready for work here.


Oh, sorry. Oh God. Our apologies. Sorry. Now we've got great image. We've got great sound. Hi. Tell her we say hi. She is stressed. She says hello. All right, now we're talking. Cole, where are you? I am in Billings, Montana. Ooh. Oh, that explains the spotty wifi. Yep. This story may or may not involve some other spotty cell service areas. Oh fine. Okay, great. Are you from Billings? No. So I'm originally from Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania. What Brought you to Montana work. You're a strong man, you've got broad shoulders. Are you doing something physical? I am not. I'm actually a chemical engineer, but I do work at a refinery.


Are You lifting incredibly heavy test tubes all day? That's right. I load 'em up with the lead and all the other heavy things. Okay, great. Cole hit us with this bad proposal. The bulk of it is in Billings, Montana. I've lived here for about four years now. I was proposing to my girlfriend at the time, just to give a little bit of backstory, met on New Year's Eve. Very high school musical. We like to kind of think that we're a little Troy and Gabriela every New Year's Eve after we kind of celebrate our anniversary. We both like to ski. So we'll go up to the mountains and make a whole weekend out of it. Flash forward to March of 2021. And I'm thinking about proposing I buy the ring, but I'm planning the proposal and I want to get engaged New Year's Eve, the whole plan is we're gonna go to Park City, we're gonna ski, we're gonna have beautiful time in the mountains.


It's gonna be a gorgeous proposal. Get engaged. I love it. Fast Forward to April. We now are moving houses. I don't want her to find the ring as we're packing up all the boxes. I actually send it to Pennsylvania to my parents' house. I'm young so I just kind of pop it in a little manila envelope and Let you USPS kind of do its Thing. Oh Jesus. Oh, oh wow. Cool. You're a bright man. You're a chemical engineer. And I think keyring it during the move would've been preferred to that. I'll tell You what, it made it there. No problem. Oh, that was a red Herring. But now fast forward to October November, we've kind of decided to make it a big trip. I suggested it 'cause I wanted to have our friends and family there and that way it could kind of be a big celebration after the proposal.


The issue is that all my friends and family could go and we're on board and none of her friends and family could go at all. Uhoh Uhoh, I have all these group chats going with my friends and she gets really sad. So I start thinking, wow, she's gonna be real sad if I propose and none of her friends and family are around. This is when I kind of start wanting to Audible here. The issue now is that I don't have the ring. Right? Oh right. So now I have to call my parents because originally we were gonna go home to Pennsylvania for Christmas. I was gonna pick the ring up. I thought I had the perfect plan. So now I have to ask them to ship the ring back through the mail. So now they put it in another manila envelope.


Geez. Ship the ring back through the mail. I can't send it to my house because she might open it. So I gotta send it to a friend's house now. So I'm not even receiving this thing again. The ring gets here unscathed. Oh, USPS, whatever it is. Yes. Good job. So now I adjust the plan a little bit because we live in Montana, beautiful state, about an hour away, there's like a nice mountain near us. So I plan a little weekend that we're gonna go to that mountain. So it's Friday morning of the engagement weekend and I'm texting in this New Year's Eve group chat and I sent a text that's like, Hey, I'm gonna get engaged this weekend. You guys happy for me? Or what?


And the next thing I see pop up is Tess was removed from the group chat. Oh no. Fuck. She was on it. Oh Jesus. One of my friends had added her in into the group chat. Fucking No. 'cause She was so upset that she wasn't being included in these plans. And the next text I get is, what the hell did you just do? And I look at my phone and I'm at work and I just scream, fuck. Oh no. Everybody's dead silent. So I work kind of in a high risk business. So everybody thinks something really bad happen. You could hear a pin drop. 'cause we've had really bad days.


My boss comes over to me and he's like, what the hell just happened? And I kind of tell him and he says, go home and I don't wanna see you until Monday. Get your shit sorted out. Oh. Oh good boss. That is a good boss. But he was upset. Yep. So I got about four hours until she gets home from work. I'm doing the whole nine, you know, I'm getting flowers, I'm getting chocolates, I'm trying to set everything up at home. And then I remember she wants it recorded. So I go and I try and set up the camera. My video on my phone is not working. Oh boy. Quick troubleshooting. Find the first number for a remote Apple support, call it. And they're just like, you know what? We can fix this problem. It's gonna cost about $250 If you download this screen sharing app, we can really see what's going on here.


So I download the screen sharing app. Then they say, we just need a wire transfer. So all you gotta do is open up and log into your bank. Oh, Stop it. So I go in, I got the screen share app. I open up my bank app and then it all hits me. I'm just like, I'm getting scammed right now. Yes. Yeah. I hang up on the guy immediately calls me back. He's like, what happened? I was like, oh yeah, you wanted one 70, right? He goes, yeah, yeah, one 70. I was like, you said two 50 before. Liar. Hang up again. Now I'm smarter than you. I'm wise do it. So thankfully I avoid getting scammed. At any Point do you think the Lord is telling you to not get married to this woman?


If that's what he was trying to say. I power it through. Oh God, good, good. Finally she gets home. I propose to her. It was good. And she kind of looks at me and she goes, I really appreciate it, but I really want to see how you are actually gonna propose. So I get another chance of redemption. Saturday morning early, we load the car up. It's December in Montana, but we're going hiking. And so we get about 10 miles outta cell service. We're about a half mile from the trail head. I can see the trail head in the car and I hit a little snow drift. So the first one car kind of moves a little bit and I see a second one coming up and I say, you know what? All I need is a little more gas. I'm driving my Honda Accord cross tour. So I give it a little more gas.


We barely squeak through the second snow drift. And then I see a third one coming up. And I think to myself, you know what? It worked last time. A little more. Gas is all I need. I speed that thing up and I beach the car on a two foot snow drift. Totally immovable. Cole, do you recognize you're an interesting mix of brilliant as hell and dumb as fuck? I would Say that's spot on. I think My friends would describe me as the smartest person they know with the absolute least amount of common sense. Ah, Okay. Okay. That works More of a PG version. But yeah, So now we are beached in the Honda is 15 degrees out.


I got about a quarter tank of gas, usually prepping for the winter in Montana. I got my blankets, my snow shovel, my emergency kit just in case. I have not done that this year 'cause it was a mild winter. All I have is a snowstorm. Oh, that's not gonna help. I tell my fiance, wait in the car. So I spend the next about three hours in small gloves. 'cause I wasn't planning on doing significant work with a snow scraper digging out the car. This is miserable. Do You think she was like, I don't wanna go through with this. Yeah, she, she must be thinking there's a lot of red flags. I'm worried at this point. Now get the car unburied four floor mats under the wheels.


Get it out of this snow drift. Start driving back and we are driving back in absolute Silence. My fingers are numb. I'm bloody. And finally she kind of looks over at me. She's like, you know what, one day this will be funny. But right now, aren't you glad that you screwed it up yesterday? And all I could just say was like, yeah. Oh boy. Oh Wow. Oh yeah. That's a rough start, But can only go up from There. That's a good silver lining. We got married on December 29th. Just celebrated our first year of marriage. Congratulations. You went through hell and high water or high snow to get there. Cole, you're a delight. Yeah, this gal, as shitty as the proposal was as a lucky woman And we got to meet her.


We didn't even realize. Yeah, I did not tell her that I was gonna try and commander the closet. And she comes in at like one 40 and she's like, what the hell are you doing? I'm getting ready for work. I gotta go. It was very high stress at the beginning of this High stress feels like it might be status quo. These are not really abnormal situations for me, unfortunately. Oh, this is a Great, it is a delight meeting you. Thank you for telling us that story. We're so sorry you went through all that Great to meet you guys. And my college roommate, Matt and his wife Courtney, they got me into listening to podcasts and they are super up on the prompts and they sent it to me and they were just like, you gotta Good friends. Oh, well thank them for us.


All right. Great meeting you. Nice to meet you guys. Thanks. Hi. Is this Olivia? Yes. Look at your sweater. Just for you guys. And my earrings. Cherry to the max For a second. I thought they were tattoos when I just first glance. I thought those were your arms. No cherry tattoos yet. I have an orange and a peach. Oh. Oh. So that would go perfectly into your fruit aesthetic. It would. You're in a legit sound booth. I'm at my brother's house. He does voice acting commercials and stuff. As soon as I got the email I was like, I need the setup Help. Get outta there. I don't care what audition you have. Are you in California? No, I'm in Syracuse, New York. Ooh. Oh, okay. He's doing voice work up there.


That's interesting. Remotely nice. Ah, okay. So you have a bad proposal story Since you guys started doing anonymous. I was waiting for this prompt. Oh, I said, when this prompt comes out, I am locked in. They're gonna pick it. And everybody in my life is like, please don't get your hopes up. There's millions of people that listen and out said, no, this is it. May, 2017, my boyfriend and I had been dating for like five years. We're talking about getting engaged. May 1st we go look at rings. I pick out a ring that I love. I know he buys it that day, even though he makes me wait outside. So after May 1st I'm on high alert nails done, dressed up anywhere.


We're hanging out. I'm looking good, I'm ready to go. That's right. This our proposal. May 15th, he says, we're gonna go out to dinner, wear a nice dress, I'm gonna pick you up. And I'm like, okay, it's gonna happen. So we start driving. He's driving past all of our regular spots. We're starting to get into some weird back roads and unfamiliar territory. After about 40 minutes in the car, he starts to slow down. I see a sign on the side of the road that I recognize. Trail of Terror. What The fuck? This is where he and I had our first date. Can you tell us what the Trail of Terror is? Yeah. I need more. There's a huge open field, which in peak season is packed with people.


People are drinking, people are having snacks, they're hanging out with their friends. There's a big projector playing scary movies. Ah. And then in the far right corner of the field, there's a trail that goes through the woods that you pay to get a ticket and you walk down and they jump out and scare you. It's like a haunted trail year round. No, this is just an October thing. So we had our first date, like the week before Halloween, 2012. So to the right of the field, it's not a haunted house, but it's like a trailer connected to a barn. They makeshift a haunted house. So that's a separate attraction, but basically an empty lot. Dirt, parking lot. Nobody's there. We pull in, I'm like, it's our first date. This is where it's gonna happen. But I am oldest daughter, Virgo.


Notorious rule follower. Don't like to take risks. I'm not a trespasser. He is the opposite. He's youngest son. He's like, whatever, let's go. There's no other cars. There's no sign of life in this place. It's the middle of May. It's a beautiful sunny day. So he leads me out into the middle of the big field and he's holding my hands. He is looking at me. We're chatting and I know it's about to happen. I'm letting it sink in while still being like, I'm afraid of getting in trouble. As we're chatting from the tree line away from the trail, away from the barn, we hear a voice going, Hey, what the fuck are you doing here? Oh, oh no. We're like in our sappy moment and we look over and this man bucket hat, sunglasses, shotgun starts charging at us.


No, I've told you kids, get the fuck outta here. No tressing. And I'm like, I knew this was gonna happen, but I'm panicking. I'm like, sir, I'm so sorry we're leaving right now. And he's like, absolutely. Fucking not. This is not happening again. And I, and like this is how I'm about to die. And my parents are gonna find out that I trespassed haunted trail. And that's how I was murdered by this man with a shotgun. Yeah. Yeah. He wants to make an example outta you two.


We are supported by Squarespace. Maybe you've got dreams of turning your hobby into a side hustle this year, or finally opening an online store. Maybe you wanna share your knowledge with the world and make an online course. Squarespace is the perfect partner to take your website to the next level and help you accomplish your 2025 goals. No matter what type of site you want to build, Squarespace can help you make it. If you're starting an online store, Squarespace makes checkout seamless. They're flexible payment options, including credit cards, PayPal and Apple Pay. Make it easy for your customers to check out. And Squarespace has all the tools you need to create and sell your own online course. Start with a layout that fits your brand. Upload videos and customize everything with next generation editing technology. Create engaging lessons your audience will love. Then add a paywall and set the price. Take what you know and turn it into income. We use Squarespace to make our lovely website incredible and it functions. It's Pretty, it's effective, it's efficient, And highly functional. Yes. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to get started, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dax to get started today.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, to check your sunroof first before driving through the car wash. Like you know to put the leash on your dog first before you open the door to go for a walk. Not that I've ever made that mistake and have my dog run outside without me, or scream his name repeatedly over and over and over again until I found him. Or you know, to check that the guy who asked you out is an arm cherry first before you agree to go on a date with him. Sage advice. Essential Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is intended for audiences in the US only. Savings vary terms. Apply. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


We are supported by Quince. You know Kristen's been ordering a ton from Quince. Quince is amazing. Yeah. And I told her, I go, you know, they're a sponsor and she, she couldn't believe it. Being stylish and comfortable allows you to feel your best, making you ready to tackle anything that comes your way. That's where Quince comes in. I was just in the house and our friend Anna, she had borrowed a sweater from me. It's blue and it's from Quince. It's gorgeous and it fits so well. And when she was wearing it, I was like, I want it back. Of course that's a sign of a great item. It is. When you regret loaning it out, there's no better workout motivation than some new active wear Quince performance tees and tech shorts are perfect for any movement. And if your work wardrobe needs a revamp, you can't go wrong with their Mongolian cashmere sweaters, which start at just $60. They're able to offer such affordable prices by partnering directly with top factories, cutting out the cost of the middleman. Then they pass those savings onto us, indulge in affordable luxury. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for 365 day returns, plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dx to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


The guy goes, this is the last time this is happening. Come on boys from behind us in the haunted trailer slash barn, we hear the garage door open and hear chainsaws. Are you kidding me? Out comes these people with masks like clowns. Scary. The guy with the gun is charging one way at us. The clowns are coming the other way at us. We're surrounded in the middle of nowhere. Nobody knows where we are. This is a horror movie. I'm kind of laughing 'cause I'm so nervous. Like I'm having fight or flight, but freeze I guess. Yeah. Yeah. I look at Paul, he doesn't look nervous about them. He's like afraid of me in the moment. Oh no. It all clicks. And I say, oh he did not. Did you do this? Oh, I wasn't there.


He Planted. He Was totally in line. God, That's spectacular. He kneels down and pulled the spring out. But we're still surrounded. Oh, pictures. It's so scary. Oh Yeah. I'm glad you sent pictures. 'cause this is really a hard to believe. Oh my god. In your now I would imagine husband has Yeah, they're very scary masks for anyone that thinks these were like amazon.com fucking masks. Holy shit. No, these are atelier bespoke masks. Your husband has the most nervous laugh, smile on his face looking at you.


So he reached out to the Trail of Terror and said, Hey, this is where we had our first date. I know it's your off season. Do you mind if we just come on the property so I can propose? And they're like, absolutely. And then the guy sends a message like an hour later and is like, do you want us to scare her and sends this whole plot for how they would scare me? And he was really unsure and finally was like, we could do like a light scare, like thinking that they're gonna pop out somewhere. Sure. Like the gun was not mentioned. Threatening of our lives was not Mention The chain saws. He's got the ring out. I feel like I blacked out. Like I really don't remember this, but I know that I plucked it out of the box and I started walking to the car.


I was so Pissed. I was like, I'm taking my ring. I'm getting the fuck outta here. Yeah. No party. You liked it, right? No, he's like laughing. He's like, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. And I turn around. All the clown people start taking their mask off. Two of the scary people are are super good friends that are photographers and they captured the whole thing. So that's how we have the pictures. Wow. Do you start thawing as you see it's your own friends? Yeah. And they brought a bottle of champagne. She had it ready and then I start to relax. That is so funny. It was really scary. Yeah. What does that group of folks do between October and the following October? It's so funny because the guy who sent the whole plot that works at the trail, he's like, I'm gonna see if I can round up some guys.


Larry's got volleyball tonight or whatever. Like they're just normal dudes. But He's like, my scares are around. They're just jonesing to scare some people. Yeah. And is your life fun like this? He is so fun. Aw, I love this. We have two little kids now and I still pick on him for this and he's like, it's so special. But like I was traumatized for a bit, but I wouldn't trade out. Obviously. I got to talk to you guys. That's one step away from choreographing a car accident. Like you get T-boned and then the ambulance comes in. It's your mom and dad and they've got you. Look, it's memorable For sure. My friends that took the photos and videos, they did our wedding too. So they made this whole beautiful wedding video and at the end he has the footage of the proposal and it's so loud and clear at the end.


I say, white guys with gone are my biggest fear. If he was just a clown, I'd be like, okay. Weirdo. Yes, I'm scared, but the man threatening my life really took it to another level. Really ups the stakes in a hurry. You were right to know this would get picked. Yeah. I don't think we're gonna have a story like this. I really had a feeling. I'm so glad he is here. And also my siblings are here. If they could just peek their heads into the sun booth. Hi there. Hi. This is the husband. You have the most adorable nervous smile in all those photos. Like is she gonna get over this? Oh my Gosh. I was worried. What a swing you took. I know. I didn't intend to do anything scary, but he was just so passionate about it and so excited and he was like, I'll get my crew.


That's a nice thing you did for them. Yeah, it Made fun. We love you guys so much. Oh Hi. Squeezing into the booth. You guys are so cute. It's delightful to meet you guys. So nice to Meet you all. We're so happy. Luke Got to tell her story. It was hysterical. Yes. Unbelievable. I I was completely on the hook. Did not see it coming. Monica got it. She was a little ahead of me. A little Ahead. It took a while though. It was great. It was so lovely to meet you guys. Yes. You guys do take care. I went into a hole like I totally believe these crazies live in that barn waiting. I know. I could have gone that way. How Would I? You would. Well, you don't know. I don't know. You're right. But when you get scared, I mean, I would be crying, right?


For sure. Yeah. That's so then I maybe I would be crying, but I would also be happy. Happy. That would be nice. That'd be nice. Which would you rather happen? The proposal on the jumbotron from last week or This? I would rather this, Yeah, you wouldn't be hated then You're surrounded by love, family and friends and champagne. All the stuff they wanted. Just had to get through this other part first. I mean, I guess then you're really hopped up. Your adrenaline is out aroused. You're aroused. Hop in the back of the car. Yeah. Maybe that's a fun evening. Yeah. Feeling like figuring. Get the clowns, feeling life is so short. You get the chainsaws going in the background. Oh, hi. Hi Jessica. Where are you? I'm in Texas. Ooh, la la where?


What part fort? Where do you grow up there? Yes, but I at 18 flew out of here like about out of hell into Colorado. Oh, okay. Colorado. So I was in a relationship. It was serious. We lived together. He made content in the Rocky Mountains for a ski resort. He ended up taking a job in Salt Lake City for an even bigger ski resort. He comes to me and says, I have to hike this mountain facing the big mountain ski town that he works for to get content of star gazing. So he has to get a shot at midnight of the ski resort. So we have to hike up this really intense mountain starting at dusk and it's gonna be four hours to go up. I am complaining about this. I'm like, I don't wanna do it.


I don't understand why I have to do this. Yeah. We just go up there on your own and get the fucking shot and then come home. Well, Apparently he has to go with somebody because it's dangerous. I'm just hemming high. I'm like, I don't wanna do this. And he is like, no, please, this guy can't come with me. I need you to go. I'm being pretty whiny here. No, you just have a boundary. I'm mega learned boundaries from this whole situation over many years' time. And then we even do a test run the Sunday before. He's like, we need to practice this because this is a huge hike. And so we're hiking up this mountain. I'm just upset the whole time. The next week comes along when it's time to do this important night shoot where they're gonna have the whole resort lit up.


Turns out there's a storm coming as well. Oh Geez. So we get to the trailhead at dust and I am complaining about it still. And he stops and he goes, please, If you ever just do anything for me the rest of your life, please just do this At any point. Are you getting the least bit suspicious? It's Only when he said that. But my mind went to, there's no way that he's going to do this when I have made it clear, I don't wanna go on this hike. This is not my dream proposal situation. Yeah, No. And If you knew me, you know I'm not wanting to live in the mountains. He's like, I have to do this. It's dangerous. Someone has to come. And so I'm finally just given, we get to the top and all I do is collapse on the ground.


I'm in fetal position feeling sorry for myself, and he's setting up this camera on a tripod and all of a sudden he's like, please, please just come over here. I just need one thing from you. And so I forced myself to get up. I walked past the camera and I could see, actually it was really beautiful, the stars. There's lightning in the distance by the way. Oh, wonderful. You're at the top of a mountain of a really difficult hike. So I go walk over in front of the camera and he drops down on one knee and he opens a little box and it's lit up. And I see this glimmering sparkling flower ring. And the first thing outta my mouth was, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.


Not now. Please. Not now. Oh no. Yeah, This is tough. I must have blacked out the rest. I just have a flash of I know now I have to go down this mountain with this storm impending. The moment that is supposed to be so special, You're walking into your shared future together. The other thing is, if I am this person, I want a sincere yes. That's what I'm in the market for. I don't want anything coerced. Like people who ask people to marry them in front of huge crowds. I'm like, don't they realize the person kind of has to say yes. And in this case, even If you wanted to say no, you're like, I'm gonna say no. And then we're gonna be on a fucking four hour hike in the middle of the night on this mountain.


I Mean, you did say no. Oh, that's the funny thing. I look back now and I never said yes, but it wasn't assumed. Yes. Right. Not now. It means like later. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm just crying. Oh, and we get down the mountain and we have this hotel room, had champagne and chocolate covered strawberries. I just remember crying in the hotel and I think he said something like, I just thought that once it would happen, you'd be happy. Probably picked the wrong girl for that whole exercise because No, she said so many times. No, no. I know. He wanted the gal we talked to who is a riverboat guide, he's picked the wrong partner for what he wants to do. Oh shit.


Are you guys happily married? You're not married? Okay, I got panicked. You held up your hand like, oh fuck, you're happily married. But you know, like you're given signs the whole time. You want someone that wants to hike up to the top of this mountain. Definitely. That's true. But I think more than anything, you wanted the photo. I think he had a vision in his mind of I want this photo. And even if the intention was good, It was a little marky. I've had to learn a lot. We both did, obviously. So what happens when you're in the hotel room? Yeah. And you're crying. We go to Bed because we're so codependent. We're obviously getting married. Oh God, We're not gonna break up. That's insane. Yeah, that's too scary. The next day he posts the picture, this is it.


Oh wow. Oh, it's beautiful. He was onto something with the photo. So at first I was like, that's so cute. He figured out how to light the ring from the box. So you can see it up there. But now I realize, no, no. That was always gonna be a part of the photograph. Yeah. And we were together for like two years and I couldn't plan the damn wedding. And then it imploded. You know, the big lesson of If you don't listen in life, it gets bigger and bigger and bigger until life forces you to change. I think in those situations, their subconscious figures out how to get them out of it. If they themselves can't you end up having an affair, something materializes, your subconscious saves you. Somehow the bottom Will fall out at some point. Yeah.


Well thank God it wasn't post-marriage and kids. Yeah. I'm so grateful for all of it. Genuinely. And did he find an outdoorsy gal? I have no idea. Okay. Fair enough. I Hope so. Yeah. Yeah. Here's a question. In your analysis, looking back, what was it that you think he represented that you had decided, oh, I'm supposed to be with someone like this. Like what story did you have? Why was he the person you were supposed to be with at that time? Well, I fell in love immediately. You know when he meets someone and it's like, whoa, all of your childhood stuff is through immediately. 'cause it's so intense. Yeah. Immediately I knew my life had changed forever and now I know that's usually a red flag.


Yeah. Right, right. Yep. It was just a mask. I think for me to remain really comfortable to not put myself out there and I could kind of hide, it was very codependent. That ending shot me in deep emotional intelligence over time because to have the kind of life and love that I want has forced me to grow immensely. Do you think it's possible that when someone has great dreams and aspirations, but they have some fear preventing them, pursuing them, and then they meet someone who's already so clearly on a trajectory that just folding into that feels like a great way to not have to confront those fears? Absolutely. I mean, I just didn't have internal backbone of like I'm whole within myself and I've had to learn that incrementally over time.


I was learning that through that relationship, even getting to that relationship, I had to grow tremendously to even be in it. So everything was perfect. There was no time wasted. Yeah. Well good. And you got a really beautiful photo out of it. I mean, there's no arguing. That's a gorgeous photo. Oh yeah. I mean I haven't seen it in many years. Sure. It could be on National Geographic. Yeah. I'm glad no one died on this hike. Nighttime hike struck By lightning. Yeah. Well it's so funny to me that there are all these impending dangers like falling off a cliff or being struck by lightning them. The real danger was the proposal. Yeah, exactly. Well Jessica, well thanks for sharing that. Yeah, lovely meeting you. Thank you.


Take care. Bye bye.


We are supported by better help. We often hear about the red flags we should avoid, but what if we focus more on looking for green flags in friends and partners? What I've said in the past where it's like it's better to bond over the love of a band with somebody. Yeah. Than the hatred of something. Yeah. Yeah. Look for the positive Positivity. Whether you're dating, married, building a friendship, or just working on yourself, it's time to form relationships that love you back. And If you're not sure what green flags you should look for, therapy can help you identify them, actively practice finding them, and even help you bring that green flag energy into your relationship with yourself. Better Help is fully online, which helps make therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide, access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Discover your relationship Green Flags with better help. Visit better help.com/dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE lp.com/dax.


We are supported by the Lenovo Yoga Aura Edition imagined with Intel. You know we love chatting and learning about AI here on the show. With the incredible advances in tech and AI over the last couple of years, you need a laptop that can keep up great news. Lenovo and Intel have joined forces to engineer the best laptops in the industry. The Lenovo Yoga or addition is an impossibly thin light laptop. It can go wherever you do. Plus the battery automatically optimizes for efficiency. So you can go longer without a charge. No more hunting for outlets at a coffee shop. It also has a fully equipped touchscreen with bold popping visuals that retain accuracy across your projects. It's perfect for digital artists, designers, amateur photographers, and more. Even movie lovers will love watching this because you don't just want your technology to work. You want it to help elevate your work to places you never expected. It's possible on your Intel a I pc. Learn more about Lenovo Aura edition a IPCs at lenovo.com/aura.


I'm gonna text you guys photos for the next one. Don't look yet. Don't look. I'm getting my phone. Don't look ready for Cole. What this Cole again? Hello. Can you guys hear me? Oh Beautifully. Yes. Cole. You're our second cole today and we don't generally have coals. Really? Yes. Okay. I love that. Where Are you at in the country? I am in Las Vegas. Born and raised. Oh, Wonderful. Okay, so you have a bad proposal story and we're dying to hear it. It Is a pretty wild story. So buckle up for this one. I'll set the scene a little bit. My girlfriend and I, we had been together since high school, so we were high school sweethearts.


We were going to the University of Utah for college and we were in our junior slash senior year. We're kind of that new norm of five year senior. We were living together and full intention of getting married and everything like that. Just still wanted to finish out school and we unexpectedly got pregnant. Oh, Okay. Congratulations. A little bit early. Still wanted kids. And I was so close to getting my degree and I loved the University of Utah. It was really important for me to get my degree there and then we were gonna move back home. It's where all of our family is. She really wanted her mom to be there When we had our first son.


I was kind of naive when I graduated and I don't know if it was a little bit of arrogance or just being naive of like, yeah, I'm gonna move back home. I'm gonna get a job. It's gonna be easy. They're gonna see University of Utah. It's a pretty decent business school. And I moved back home and I just could not find a job. What year was this? This was 2018. I had made a promise to my girlfriend. I was like, all right, by the end of the year we are gonna get engaged. But once again, this was with that naive intention of I'll have an entry level job, I'll be able to start saving, I'm gonna be living with her mom will have the opportunity to save up some of those funds.


And then I got a recruiting job at a Bed Bath and Beyond e-commerce center. Oh. Oh, Okay. And all I had to do was recruit people to work there for the holiday season. And as long as you didn't murder people, you got a job. I was only supposed to be there from October to December. And I had done a well enough job that they were like, okay, we'll keep you until March. And it was approaching the end of the year. I still had this pressure to get this dang ring. And I'm working all this overtime and busting my tail with all the pressure there so that I can meet this goal now. It's like a goal for myself. Yeah. Instead of this wonderful woman and mother of your first child that you've been with since you were 15.


This is also for her, it was like this personal stretch for me to get to the finish line. Yeah. You were either gonna be a failure or not based on this arbitrary goal. About a week before all of this happens. The job after telling me I was gonna be there till March, they were like, we're not gonna be able to do this. We're so sorry you've crushed it, but they just aren't gonna let us keep you here unless you want to go work on the warehouse floor. And I was like, I don't think I'm prepared for that. I am super low this year has gone really rough and I call my mom, we go to this Marie calendars that's across from a jeweler.


She's like, I'll help you with the financing of this ring. You made a promise. We love her and we know you love her, so we'll help you out. And I'm like, cool. Part of me still doesn't feel right. I'm still just doing this to meet a goal because I want to be able to have the elaborate dinner and that moment and I get to share all of my hearts. And now it's kind of turned into, let's get this ring. You're gonna do an impromptu proposal and just be like, trust me, we're gonna have a good life. I love you to death. Lemme to finish this promise. We pick out the ring and next week they're like, come back. We'll have all the pieces together. We will put the finishing touches.


We go in the morning, we finish it out and they're like, all right, come at 4 45 store's gonna be closing and we'll get you set up. The piece I've left out so far is this jeweler was in a terrible part of town. My mom wasn't gonna come this time, so it was just gonna be me. And I show up and there was another couple there. I'm just waiting in their lobby until they're ready to call me up. Once I go up showing me the ring, it looks amazing. All that fear and kind of extra stuff I was worried about went away because now at the end of the day, I do get to marry my best friend. Yeah. Mother of my child. It's amazing. And then out of nowhere, I would say the length of this is maybe 40 feet or so.


Two robbers. No walk In. No. Oh Jesus rock. Both in ski masks and it's guns raced. Everybody get the fuck on the ground. Don't move. One guy jumps over the display and starts heading towards the back. There's two owners that are up at the front. Ones kind of dealing with the billing and closing out for the day. And the others with me and the other thief is heading towards us. My hands are up now looking back like there's no fucking way this is happening. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. And does it cross your mind? I don't care what they steal, but don't steal this ring. Oh, I think he was more than that. Yeah. It was like, is this fucking it?


He then directs me to go behind the counter now. And all I could think of in the moment to respond was like, please don't kill me. I have a family. And then he's like, all right, get down on the ground. And everybody thinks this is a weird part when I tell the story, but he was like, this will all be over soon. And it kind of made me feel relieved. It did. Because to me that could mean I'm gonna kill you, it'll be over. It says a lot of things to me. It means, okay, there's a human here. They want me to know my suffering's gonna be over soon. I wouldn't think he's gonna kill me. I would think he's letting me know we're gonna be in and out. This is something very human about that. Well, there's two ways To take it. I think I'd be closer to you. Dax.


Him responding in general gave me a little bit of just weird comfort because what he does next is then zip tie my hands. Oh Wow. These are like pros. Yes. We find that out later as I'm down there genuine near death thoughts. Am I gonna ever get to see my son again? I'm seriously not gonna get to marry my girlfriend. Like I'm not gonna get any of this. And then a tad bit of how is this my fucking luck? We're gonna make you lose your job and then let's do this to you. Just Actually strong armed robbery. Let's throw that on From the back. Long time jeweler for them. He was like a Venezuelan war vet.


He is peeking around the corner with a gun. Now you gotta consider a shootout And consider I did. Oh my God. Because they see him after he's poked his hat out a couple times. And that is when the shooting starts. No, There is a shootout. Stop it. And it is a tight enclosure. There's a reason they have you wear headphones when you are at a gun range or anything. 'cause it is loud. This whole ordeal feels like 30 minutes. I've seen the video. 'cause I had to go to court for it. All this stuff. I mean it plays out over like four and a half minutes. And so the shootout might have been 10 seconds or so and then it just stops.


And then I feel somebody tugging at my back and I turn around and it's one of the robbers isn't saying anything. And I'm thinking he's trying to maybe mug me and leave. Oh, I'm thinking he is gonna use you as a shield. He's gotta get you up. I think he was trying to prop himself up because all his motor functions are going at this point. 'cause he got shot. Oh Several times. Oh My God. And he's on top of my legs, so I'm also trapped. And so I'm looking back and I'm going, what do you want? And then his gun discharge isn't me. No. What? And so he shoots me on accident. Where? On you? Right in my side. And I actually shared some pictures. I sent them over.


Oh my God. Oh Mama Mia. It's not a graze. 'cause it definitely entered. But you can see it entered and exited. Yes. Did it exit At least some shrapnel bid. Woo. Boy. Thank God it was aimed just that inch to the right. 'cause it didn't get any intestine or anything, right? Nope. And everyone that I work with now in a medical background and my friends that are in medical background, they're like, do you know just how lucky you are that he was not off by a couple centimeters? And I was like, probably don't wanna play that. What if game? Yeah. Because that's what kind of messes me up a little bit. But yeah, so he shoots me. It's the full spectrum of panic, fear, potential shock.


I have like one shoe on at this point, my wallet and my phone or like sprayed across the room and I could like see all the blood off my phone. Oh wow. And I tried to stand up and I was like, Ugh. Just no possible way. And so I inch over to this cabinet to kind of like prop myself up and I'm just holding the wound. It felt like time had stopped. I mean, I'm looking straight ahead and there's a dead guy that I had to crawl out from under. Oh My God. The dust kind of settles. I'm focused now looking down at the wound the whole time holding it. I tried to like slowly pick my sweatshirt off of my skin and I mean it's like sobbing. Yeah, it's stuck. It hurts.


I've been seeing these videos lately. You know like people doing the grip machine and it squeezing as hard as they could. It feels like somebody is doing a grip machine on that spot. Oh. And the burning is insane. That's why on the pictures you can see it's like black. That's a burn. Then the police come in, they had to like cut all my clothes off in the store on the gurney and I'm butt naked in door right Now. Oh my GR All covered. But still Just one last thing sir. Before we get you to some medical treatment, it just gotta embarrass the fuck outta you for a minute. Oh, Exactly. And so now I'm on the way to the hospital. My uncle was a firefighter, my dad's a firefighter and so I'm cracking jokes about the city fire department versus county fire department.


Ah. And they're probably thinking like, this guy is insane. He's potentially gonna die. And they're jabbing me with the IVs and everything and the ambulance is moving. And so I'm in the hospital now. They're like, all right, we're gonna take you up for a CT scan. They were looking and they said, okay, so where you got shot? It would be way riskier for us to do surgery to remove shrapnel than it would be to just let it be pushed out of your body over time. Ah, right. It was not critical now. And so that kind of brought me some comfort. And then my girlfriend shows up and it was like surprise. Oh, I bet she thought it was so sweet though. She's already, she worried about you my, and then you look at her and you say, I was there to get a ring.


Like that's very sweet. Like Yes. She was like, I was looking at your phone location because you just stormed out of the house. You didn't say anything. You just said, love you. Bye. What am I gonna say? Hey, on the way to get something really nice for you. She's like, I was looking at your location. And then it just stopped at the hospital. My mother-in-law thought I got like in a bad road rage accident. And so I was like, maybe I need to work on my anger because of this. Who all got hit? You? The one robber who was on top, you died. And then the jeweler got shot a couple times too. The guy that was shooting the gun? Yep. He shot and got shot and then the robber died from his shots and then the other robber took off. Wow. Oh boy. Wow. And did they ever find the other robber?


They did and it was wow. 'cause I ended up having to testify, but I had never seen that guy's face. I could point out the other guy's eyes at least from his mask. So I'm up there. I have to recant my story. Then just say, I don't know this guy though, but they had planned this for weeks. They were jail mates in Florida. They had been pinging their phones and saw that there was like a thousand texts and calls over the past couple weeks. I think that couple that was in the store earlier they thought was probably the last customer instead Of me. Ah, right. And so when that couple left, they're thinking, okay, we're good. Let's get in here. Are You resentful at the jeweler for escalating it to a gun battle?


I hate to be judgmental of anyone when I wasn't in that situation, but I feel like they could have maybe just gotten out with all the jewelry and no one would've been in the emergency room. I think overall I'm just glad I'm alive. People thought I would be angry and bitter towards the robbers and honestly I'm not. Maybe they were in a circumstance that made them feel like they had to do that. That's unfortunate. People say, did it give you this newfound look on life? I think probably yes. But it didn't give me like, oh, why did he shoot and why did he do this? I made it out alive. It's a crazy story. But I didn't have as much anger towards him for that because I don't know what I would do in that situation. I was not one of those people that, now that this happened to me, I'm gonna go get a gun.


I was like, I'm still not gonna even get close to that. Right. I'm Good. Well unfortunately, the fact that the jeweler had the gun is kind of what led to all the shooting. I can't imagine those guys were trying to get murder on top of robbery for no reason. Maybe that's also why when he told me this will all be over soon. That's why they zip tied me and just were trying to do a smash and grab and then it turned into a shootout. Yeah. Fuck dude. That is wild. Oh man. I'm so glad you got out of there. Did they get the ring? The robbers didn't. It was a botched robbery. They didn't get anything. My ring stayed intact. No issues with it. It doesn't give you PTSD when you see it on her fingers. No. Everybody makes a joke. It's like a blood diamond.


I would actually get mad if she wasn't wearing it. 'cause it was like, do you know what I had to go home this? Yeah, true. Sure. Did They give it to you for free? They should have at least done that. So at First they weren't, but I think it's because they didn't know the extent of what happened. And then everything as it came out, they were like, we got it. Yeah. That's nice. That feels like a minimal gesture when they're employed. And hopefully Marie Calendars got you a couple free Meals. Oh, that cheese soup they make is delicious. That Marie Calendars isn't even there anymore. Oh well yeah, there's shootouts across the way. I would've shuttered it as well. We Were married five years ago and then we added another child as well, so. So there is a happy ending to this. Okay, good.


Love that. Just meeting you. You don't deserve to go through this. No, like this should happen to me. 'cause I'm always sticking my nose into things I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy. I'm good now 'cause it's six years removed, But that first year you look in the mirror every day and it's just right there. And the scar kinda used to be gross 'cause it would keloid it's way better now. And then nightmares. Any nightmares? Not really nightmares, but I would be like overcome with emotions sometimes. I remember one time we were just eating dinner and I just start bawling. Oh. I actually work on the same street about a mile away from where it happened. And so for the first four and a half years that I drove to work, I would take a different location so that I didn't have to drive past it.


Yeah. All time. 'cause I obviously had to go to therapy for it. Yeah. You're the first person we've talked to who's been shot. I Wasn't expecting it in a proposal story, I'll tell you that. Oh yeah. It's a real left turn. I'll give a shout out to my wife. She definitely wants to come in course. Please. Yeah, bring her in. Hi. Hi. Do you wanna see the blood diamond? Oh, oh, the blood diamond. Beautiful ring diamond. Yes. Wow. So yeah, she was the biggest armchair fan. Everything that she brought up, she, she'd be like, oh, I heard this on armchair. And then she finally made me listen when we go on our road trips and she would play the fart Armchair Anonymous. That one's hilarious. And then she was like, if a proposal prompt ever comes up, you have to tell it.


And so it came up and I didn't know, but I was just like, I'm gonna say this and let's see. Wow. Well it's a slam dunk That's hard to beat. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Very hard to beat. Well, you guys are so cute. Yeah. We're delighted that you listen. Thanks for indoctrinating your husband to us. Yes. I'm spreading the word. Can I just quickly shout out my best friend in Germany, she just had a baby and she's a big arm cherry, so I wanted to shout Jordan out. Jordan, Shout out. Jordan, shout out. Congratulations on the baby. All Right, well lovely meeting you guys. Yes, Lovely meeting You. Thanks so much guys. This is awesome. Bye. Take care. All righty. Bye-bye. That ran the gambit, didn't it? It certainly did. Almost every kind of story was within proposal.


You don't know what you're gonna get. You dunno. It makes me think you could throw out any prompt, like tell us a story about Tupperware and then it would be like a skydiving disaster story. It's true. You just know. Do you wanna tell your proposal story before we go? I bet people would wanna hear that. Okay. Similar to all these stories, it's funny how us guys, we go get a ring and then we're gonna try to plan some time. So you have this thing for a while and I had the great luxury of having Nicole in my life. So I took Nicole to the ring store and I said, I want to say first which one, but I want to then know what one you think she'll like. And she said, there's two I think she would love. And I said, okay, great. Don't say. And then I said, I like that one. And she got really excited and she said that was my favorite of the two. Oh great.


So that was lovely. I get the ring. I've told this story. I was about to give my credit card. What is this weird feeling? I have a very familiar feeling. It's a weird feeling. Specific. Specific. Oh, it's the moment you tell the tattoo artist after you look at the transfer. Yes, I'll take it. And you go, okay, this is for life. So cut to, it's in my pocket of one of my jackets in my closet. And my plan was to go to this restaurant we had gone to early on the first place I said, I love you. Which was Stanley's. It was her restaurant. And so I was going to say, let's go to Stanley's. Which would've already been suspicious, but maybe it'll been a gesture. So that was gonna happen. I guess I had thought sometime in January and it was Christmas Eve and my mom had flown in and we had both just got back from Michigan and we had this really, really wonderful Christmas Eve.


And then we were laying in bed and I thought, oh, I'm gonna try to recreate all this lovely feeling I'm having right now at this restaurant three weeks instead of just taking this moment that I feel like it should be. I was naked. I walked to the closet, I got the ring outta my jacket. She's like, why is he going to the closet? Then I came back to the bed and I kneeled down on one knee naked. And then she started hysterically crying and I asked and she said yes. But she had cried so loud and long that the next morning getting coffee when I saw my mom in the kitchen, she said, oh sweetie, what happened? Did you guys have a terrible fight?


I heard Kristen crying last night. I was like, oh. And it was Christmas morning. She thinks we got into a real dust up last night. That's Funny. Yeah. That's very Sweet. Rob, did you have a ring for a While? Yeah, it was my grandma's ring that I got the diamond reset. I made a website for a fake restaurant that was like a prefix popup. Mm, Okay. This is very wb And it was this Airbnb I rented on the lake in Chicago and it had this whole outdoor balcony. And I had a friend that was a chef came and cooked a like eight course meal. Oh my Lord. So we got to the Airbnb and he was there cooking and Right. Knew. And so did you propose A media She knew.


Okay. She knew. No, it was by the end of dinner, but we got there and it was just for us and And it was so exotic she saw him there and Oh, That's lovely. Started putting together the pieces. Yeah. Cute. She's a breakout. Alright, love you guys. Love you. Do you wanna sing a tune or something? When it, a theme song? Oh, okay, great. We don't have a song for this new show. So here I go, go, go. We're gonna some random question the get some suggestions on the fly rish. Enjoy.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


What's up everybody? It's Jason Kelsey, and I'm here with my slightly famous little brother Travis, AKA big Yeti Kelsey. Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, we're here to bring you a next level entertainment experience with our show New Heights where the LA Baby Reigns Supreme. We're covering all the hardest hitting topics in order of importance. UFO sights the ideal pb and j combo and Trav becoming a big time acting star. Big time is a Big stretch. We've got Can't miss a-list interviews though. That's right. And of course, next level access to life inside the NFL and in the booth. Just because I retired doesn't mean I'm out of the game. Yeah, I mean the the old dad shoes suggest otherwise, but those are the I'm out the game shoes right there. Listen to watch New Heights wherever you get your podcasts. And If you want to listen to us first without any interruptions and get bonus content, join one Three Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify.