
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm Dan Shepherd, joined by Lily Padman. Hi. And Aaron, Michael Weekly. Hello Baby. Hello Baby. This is a long time coming. Crazy Cedar Point stories. Aaron, do you have a crazy One? A crazy one. Yeah. I don't have a crazy one. I just have my, the wet butt Cuts. I mean, that story lives on forever. I've, and we would put, I will never not remember wiping my butt with that brown paper Towel Yes.


That you take out of the big machine. Yes. Yeah. I would make us a piece of it and put it between my butt Cheeks to stay in then. Yeah. Yeah. You have to. And that's, I never had that any other place in my, I Wouldn't see Point. I've been to Disneyland a bunch of times that have never gotten a wet butt cut. It turns Out humidity. Turns out it's not a, it's not a good fix either. No. That rough recycled paper just right. Tears up. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we don't have any wet butt cut stories, but we do have four crazy Cedar Point stories. Please enjoy.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is a no fee credit card that gives you daily cash back every day. That's 3% back at Apple and 2% back on every purchase made with Apple Card using Apple Pay. Apply for Apple Card in the Wallet app on your iPhone today, subject to credit approval variable APRs for Apple card range from 18.24% to 28.49% based on credit worthiness rates as of January 1st, 2025. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


We are supported by Addie pH banin, the little pink pill. Ask your doctor if the FDA approved little pink Pill Addie is right for you. See full prescribing information, medication guide and boxed warning regarding severe low blood pressure and fainting in certain settings@adyi.com slash pi or call 8 4 4 Pink Pill


And I Hello. How's it going? Good. Now you have the Mandalorian and Stranger Things posters behind you, but they don't look issued by the studio. It's An artist I found on Etsy, and so I have a collection of Stranger Things, Mandalorian, and I have a Ted Lasso one. My whole office is filled with all kinds of nerdy stuff. I love comic books and superheroes. You can kind of see over here, there's a whole bunch of Marvel in DC stuff.


The Hall of Justice kind of photo there it seems. We got Superman in the mix. Yes. You know like the famous picture of the construction workers on the beam? Yeah. Oh Yeah. Yeah. So if you look over, it's Marvel in DC guys. And then you can see I got an Ninja Turtles and everything Over here. Oh, this Is so fun. I like this. Where are you At? I feel like I need to ask you to guess. I weirdly saw some graphic when you signed on. It would be a cheat. Does it say Wyoming? It did say Wyoming, but my shirt might help. We got a Michigan shirt on. That's a great start. Oh, I didn't even know that. You Didn't know that was Michigan, Monica. I'm sorry. Actually we should have been able to guess based on the prompt. Well, but that's a three state area, minimally and folks from Ontario, probably even Canada.


Okay. All right. Where are you at in Michigan? I work for the City of Wyoming, Wyoming's, just outside of Grand Rapids. I run the Wyoming Senior Center. Oh my gosh. For the ones that didn't make it down to Florida, we Actually have all of our snowbirds coming back Right now. Everybody's showing up and telling me all their stories about warm weather and no snow and it makes me envious. Okay. So you've got a Cedar Point story. I Do have a Cedar Point story. So being from Michigan growing up here, Cedar Point was a regular vacation spot for us. I have a couple stories, so I could have told you how I got engaged at Cedar Point. Oh. Oh, wow. Wow, wow. I would've liked That romantic. I could tell you a time when we went in high school and Dax, are you familiar with the ripcord ride there?


No. What's the rip chord? It's kind of like a bungee jumping thing. Oh, We have that at Six Flags. I have a story about how you have to be 18 and older to do that. And so we were on this family vacation and my mom and aunt and uncles forbid all of us from going on it and my dad, who can be a bit of a rascal, signed off on the waiver for all of us to ride it. Oh My God. At what age? We Were probably 16 and he got caught and he got the silent treatment, the rest of the trip from the family. Oh, okay. But nothing from the brass at Cedar Point? No, no, nothing from that. But this story actually is about when I survived three tornadoes that hit Cedar Point. Okay. Okay. Set the scene. What year, what month?


The Year is 1998 and it's summer. This particular trip was with my aunt and uncle, my sister and four cousins at the time. My sister was 11, two of my cousins were 13. Me and another cousin were 14, and my oldest cousin was 17. So the plan for this trip is my aunt and uncle are taking all six kids to Cedar Point. The first day they take us to the park, they are not ride people. So they're like, Hey, you guys go off. We're gonna do the shows. We're gonna eat some food. Yeah. Meet up with us at these times and don't get into too much trouble. So the second day it comes around, my uncle have decided they don't really want to do Cedar Point for a second day. So they say, Hey, we're just gonna drop you guys off at the park for the day.


Are you guys staying at Breakers? Where are you staying? We're Staying at a campground outside of Cedar Point. We're not even on property. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Yeah. So their plan is we're gonna drop you off in the morning. We'll pick you up at night. I mean, it's the 1990s. Parenting was just a little different. However, I have a 10-year-old son now and I'm like, there's no scenario where I would just send him to Cedar Point with people a few years older than him with no parental supervision and cell phones weren't a thing. In 1998, we Did get just dropped off. Yeah. And it worked out Six flags, much safer. We do what boys and girls do at that age. We split off, we're like, Hey, the boys, we're gonna go get into trouble and the girls are gonna go do their thing. So it's about lunchtime and we decide we're gonna ride the power tower.


Is That the old demon drop? It's Kind of like the demon drop on steroids. One side of it will shoot you up really fast and then drop you down and keep shooting you up and dropping you down the other side. Takes you up slowly, then drops you really fast like the demon drop. Okay, wonderful. So we're getting ready to get on that ride. We had rode the side that shoots you up really fast the day before, but today we're like, we need to get on the other side. The line's always longer. That's gotta be the better ride. I do remember it kind of being an overcast, we're getting strapped into the ride the whole time. When you're in line, you're trying to figure out when they drop. So you're counting your like 1001, 1002. Do they drop on four? Do they drop on five? Yeah. Yeah. We're talking about this the whole time. So we get launched up on the ride.


We're starting to counting, we're looking at each other and all of a sudden we all look over at Lake Erie and we just see three tornadoes coming off the water. Oh no. Oh wow. Wow. And we're like at the highest spot in the park at this point. So we're like, this is probably the worst place to be for this. They're technically called water spouts. 'cause they're tornadoes that form over water. They're not far off. So we're at the top, we see these, we're like, oh, this is bad. And then it drops us. Oh. Oh. So we can't see 'em anymore. And then it shoots us back up and we see 'em again. And if they keep getting closer and this goes on like three or four times, so everyone else is cheering 'cause of the ride. And my cousins and I we're freaking out. We're gonna get hit by tornadoes. We've seen Twister, we know how this goes. And then what do you do? Because everyone's screaming. This is like a comedy sketch.


Everyone's crying wolf. Yeah. I imagine those rides could take a pretty good tornado. It might be interesting to be up at the top strapped in. 'cause you can't get sucked into it. You're strapped in and if the ride's not coming loose, this could be the one way to experience the eye of a tornado safely. The wind would kill You. It was cool to see, I mean, I'm not gonna lie, but also terrifying. Yeah, sure, sure. We get to the bottom and we're just like, we need to get outta these harnesses. The guy unhooks us and we run over to the right operator and we're like, Hey, there's tornadoes coming off the water. You need to alert people now. And the guy's like keep the line moving. Sure. Good. This is the commitment you get at Cedar Point. You gotta keep those lines moving. We Know what's coming. So we just take off running and by the time we get just outside the ride, all of a sudden all the sirens go off.


They come over the intercom and they're like, seek immediate shelter, inclement weather. Take cover. Where at Cedar Point are you gonna take cover? Bathrooms? Bathrooms. Oh, that's all you have. So we knew the one bathroom wasn't far away, so we just take off on like a dead sprint and I mean winds are picking up. It starts raining crazy hard. You immediately are seeing garbage cans. I mean they're getting tipped over umbrellas from picnic tables are flying around. Picnic tables are like getting lifted up. Oh Nice. Oh wow, wow, wow. It gets really intense really fast. We end up in the bathroom, everybody's kind of like panicking and we're a bunch of boys. This is awesome. We're safe. Oh, I already forgot you were separated from the girls. Yeah. Yeah. Who knows?


They're being blown all about the area And no cell phones. So we're like hoping they're okay. So things calm down. We come outta the bathroom, we come outta the men's side. And then just about the same time my sister and cousin come out of the girl side. Oh My God. Because Monica Cedar Point is huge. I cannot put too fine a point on Yeah. How big it Is. Okay. Wow. That worked out. So My younger sister, she was very upset obviously, so I was working to calm her down through this whole scenario. The whole park is now shut down. It's flooded like crazy. The drainage system can't keep up with how much rain hit. And it just didn't stop raining. We're walking around in like ankle deep water all day and I had these green Nike skateboard shoes on and they dyed my feet green.


Oh, sure, sure, sure. I had like incredible Hulk feet. I didn't wear sandals for the rest of that summer because my feet were just bright green. But yeah, so we spent the rest of the walking around and we couldn't call anybody. We couldn't leave the park. You just had to go to the assigned pickup time that evening. Right. So we had some money in our pocket and we saw the one thing that was open and there was a guy drawing caricatures. My cousins and I all got caricatures drawn with tornadoes in the background. So I actually sent that picture to Emma. So I think you guys have A picture. Oh, let's take a look. Oh, oh yes. You were such a sweet young man. It seems from this character Braces. I have braces and a pretty epic bull cut.


Yeah. And they so went profile. My parents love that so much that they actually framed it and hung it in my childhood bedroom. So it's still there. That's nice. Yeah, there's some de debris flying through the air. They really took their time on this. Yeah. We were the only people at the park at that point. So he Had all the time in the world. Was the food still open? Very select food still open. So we were kind of scrounging for the rest of the day just to get by. And then the day went on and night hit and all of a sudden things dried up. So all the rides open back up. Oh, What a blessing. You just have to wait it out. Probably 90% of the people had left the park at that point. So we just ran. Oh. Ride to ride and got on every single ride that evening. And finally at the end of the night, my aunt and uncle come to pick us up and they were like, why is the parking lot so empty?


Where The fuck were they when the tornado hit? How could they have not been aware that the tornado had hit? The campground was probably like 20, 30 minutes away. Not really by the lake at that point. They said, yeah, we noticed some rain. I mean they weren't watching the news at the campground. No, definitely not. I think they were rolling around in that tent a little bit. Well, We Don't know. Yeah. What else are you gonna do all day long in a tent? Right. Wow, Chad. Well, I'm pretty jealous of that. I certainly feel like I wish I would've seen a tornado at Cedar Point. You're combining two of the most exciting things in a young child's life all at once. Natural disasters and rollercoasters. If someone's top had been ripped off in the middle, I'm sure it was. That would've been like triple whammy, unexpected nudity and a tornado And poop pants.


You think people poop their pants? Yeah. You love that. Oh, I would love that. Yeah. Yes, yes, yes. Not me pooping my pants though. Well, Chad, thank you for that. Makes me wanna really watch the Doppler radar and plan a trip when I think there's a high probability of a tornado. That's Probably a good strategy. But could I give a couple shout outs? Yes, please. Shout To all my family that were involved. So my sister Sierra, my cousin Todd, Brian and Katie. And then also my cousin Joe. So unfortunately he just recently passed away from cancer. Oh, yikes. So sorry. That's too young. Young age. He had colon cancer. He was a storyteller and a jokester. He would love to know that. So many people are hearing this story because whenever we got together we always talked about our Cedar Point stories.


Yeah, Of course. Oh, that's sweet. And then also, like I told you, I run the senior center here in Wyoming. So my coworker and my wife are guarding the door and they wanted to pop in to say hi real quick. Yes, sure. Of course. I like that. The door needed to be guarded. Hi, so nice to meet you guys. I'm Kelly and this is Josh. Hi Kelly. Hi Josh. I'm a therapist and I just love what you have done for so many of my clients. You guys being so open, transparent, and creating just an awesome avenue for people to just be more open and share their story and struggle. So I love that. Oh, well thank you. Thanks for listening. Big fan. My wife is actually a bigger fan, so she's gonna be super jealous today.


Good. That's always the goal. Lord it over. Yep. Nice meeting you guys. Have a great rest of your day. Thanks guys. Appreciate it. That guy looked like Will Hunting a little bit. Oh sure. The other guy, the friend you Thought he looked like Matt Damon. No. Will Hunting Specifically, not The actor. Yeah, the The vibe was kind of will hunting. Sure. Secret genius. You, you got a genius vibe. Secret genius. Secret. Genius. Okay, listen, I had a thought during that. Yeah. Obviously I checked out 'cause this was a Cedar Point story. Yeah, sure. You're not gonna be with us for most of this. Do you think that people were more religious pre-cell phone because you had to just pray instead of checking in on your sisters or Calling for Help or calling for help.


You're like, Jesus, take the wheel. You know, It's a great theory. But I will say, I've just read, there's a bunch of articles came out in the last few weeks about belief in Christianity having plateaued off and increased even a little bit. We had been in this really steady decline for a long time. Okay. And weirdly now it's kind of back. They're Saying Okay. But for a while it had decreased. Yeah. Since Phones, So probably Right. Yeah. Wow. But I mean, it had been decreasing long before phones Of course, but also, yes. 'cause of phones And then a steep Decrease. Yeah. It fell off a cliff. Hockey stick curve. I'm a secret genius. You are. I'm a Willie. You're Jill Hunting. I'm A Will Amina hunting.


We are supported by Addie. Addie. That's that little pink pill, right? Oh, it sure is. Addie is the number one doctor prescribed FDA approved treatment to get this increase women's sex drive in certain premenopausal women who are bothered by low libido. This is very important, Which brings up a really interesting conversation. What do women want out of sex? I mean, it's different from men, right? Well, I'm not a man, so I guess I can't really speak to that. But for women it's definitely about pleasure and orgasms of course. But it's really more about the intimacy. Like being really excited about the person. Yes, totally. Yes. Be so into someone that you're like, let's do this. I want this. Let's a good feeling. Well, Apparently there's a lot of women out there who struggle with low libido, but there's not enough honest conversation about it. Yeah. And women should know that there are options out there and we shouldn't be embarrassed to talk about it and get help. No way. It's your life. You deserve this. If you wanna learn more and get back to feeling like yourself, go to addie.com. That's ad DY i.com. Addie or Flibanserin is for premenopausal Women with acquired generalized hypoactive sexual desire disorder, HSDD, who have not had problems with low sexual desire in the past, who have low sexual desire. No matter the type of sexual activity, the situation or the sexual partner. This low sexual desire is troubling to them and is not due to a medical or mental health problem. Problems in the relationship or medicine or other drug use. ADDIE is not for use in children, men, or to enhance sexual performance. Your risk of severe low blood pressure and fainting is increased. If you drink one to two standard alcohol drinks close in time to your ADDIE dose, wait at least two hours after drinking, before taking ADDIE at bedtime. This risk increases if you take certain prescriptions, OTC or herbal medications or have liver problems and can happen when you take ADDIE without alcohol or other medicines. Do not take if you're allergic to any of Addie's ingredients. Allergic reactions may include hives, itching, or trouble breathing. Sometimes serious sleepiness can occur. Common side effects include dizziness, nausea, tiredness, difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep. And dry mouth C full PI and medication guide, including box warning@addie.com slash pi.


We are supported by Quince. Something about the weather warming up makes you want to get outside and go somewhere new, doesn't it? It's the spring travel itch. Oh my gosh. It's Spring break is upon us. Whether you're in school or not, you should still take a spring trip. Yes. I'm taking the girls to Hawaii. If you've got spring break travel plans of your own, get where you're going in style by treating yourself to a first class quality suitcase at an economy price with Quince. Quince has premium luggage options and durable duffel bags to carry it all. We've told you before about how we love our apparel from Quince. So many cute things. The cashmere I, it's so Soft. Beautiful sweater. But also I have these knives from Quince. Oh, that are incredible. They do have really, really, really high-end products. They're the greatest. So you can get ready to head out with your quince luggage and stuff it with some fresh outfits from Quince and look amazing on your trip too. They've got it all. For your next trip, treat yourself to the luxe upgrades you deserve from quince. Go to quince.com/x for 365 day returns, plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/dax.


We are supported by Squarespace, our old friends Squarespace. Squarespace is the all in one website platform designed to help you stand out and succeed online. We love Squarespace. We have our armchair expert website, which was built by Squarespace and It's gorgeous. It's a great, great product. If you wanna build a website that looks as snazzy as the armchair expert site, Squarespace makes it simple. But their collection of cutting edge design tools, you can build the bespoke online presence that perfectly fits your brand or business. Start with Blueprint ai, squarespace's AI enhanced website builder to get a fully custom website in just a few steps. Basic info about your industry goals and personality will generate premium quality content and personalized design recommendations. Squarespace also offers a complete library of website templates with options for every use and category. You can make a gorgeous website without any previous experience. Check out squarespace.com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code Dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's squarespace.com and promo code Dax. To get started today,


Here's Julie. Rob, that's you. Do you think in the future our faces will look like that? A Purple square? Yeah. With the letter in it. I sure hope not. I think in a hundred years that's what faces will look like when the robots and the humans start having sex. Oh, okay. Like Tower Bob. I don't see That. Having Sex with Angels. Oh wow. Yeah. Hello. Can you hear us? Julie? I can hear you. Can you hear me? Yes. Wonderfully. Look at your shirt. Oh cute. Oh, it looks so cute. It really does. I just got it yesterday. It was very sim. I came back from an international trip and it was waiting for me at my door.


Oh, A Welcome home present. Are you in Michigan? I am in Ohio. Okay. Just as good. Where in Ohio? Northeast Ohio. I'm gonna be a little bit vague. Sure, sure, Sure. Oh good, good. We like that. And did you grow up in that area that you're currently in? I did not. I grew up in the Baltimore area, so I'm a transplant, but I've been here the last three years. Oh, so this Cedar Point story took place in the last three years? It did. Oh, Exciting. Cut off the presses. Please tell Us. Let's hear It. It took place almost two years ago in the summer of 2023. My husband and I have two little girls. They are now six and seven. So they were four and five. Then we had decided to take them to Cedar Point for the first time.


He had never been to Cedar Point. I had been once. I remember going on lots of fun rollercoasters and we got there, did the check-in. My 5-year-old is very tall for her age. So she met the height criteria for some of the bigger rollercoasters. Oh wow. That's lucky. At five. It's about four feet. So she just met the height requirement. So we were like, okay, yes, let's go to rollercoaster. She'd never been on one before. She said, yeah, I'll go. And I said, well why don't you go on Millennium Force? I remember going on that one. I think I was there in 2011. It's really fun. You're gonna love it. So she's like, okay. I would've started on the blue streak or Gemini, but I don't know. Millennial. That Must have been after. Yeah, might be Past my time.


He thinks he knows everything about Cedar Point. It ends in 99 probably. So Millennium Force is the 10th tallest rollercoaster in the world. Oh. Oh, okay. Now we're talking. Oh my God. Looks like you're basically in the clouds when you're up there. They didn't rename the magnum to that. I Have no idea. Okay. I won't get bogged out on that. I Do know that I wrote it when I was there in 2011. I don't think it has any upside downs, but it has the big drop. It goes straight up. Yeah. And then Drops. That's what I like. I don't need loopty loops, but I like a nice tall drop And six flags. They have both in one ride. They have both. Anyway, go on. So she was waiting in line. I think she got out of line once or twice. She kind of got freaked out, got scared and we convinced her.


I was like, no, no, you'll be fine. Just go on. It'll be great. So she went on with her dad. I stayed behind with my 4-year-old. 'cause obviously the 4-year-old wasn't gonna go on. So we just kept watching for them. I kept looking at all the rides, seeing if I could spot what she was wearing. Never saw her. It's kind of taken a long time. What's going on? Finally we see them coming around the bend and she just looks ghastly white. Oh no. And I asked her, did you like it? Was it fun? And she was like, it was scary. That's kind of all she said. And just looked kind of dazed. And her dad just said she passed out like four or five times on the ride? No, four or five times. Oh my God.


In this like minute ride. Yeah. So he said I kept looking over and she was just slumped over like eyes closed. Oh This is scary. Wow. Wow. I was kind of freaked out 'cause I was like, does she need medical attention? But she was fine. She perked up, gave her some juice, She's on a stick. Went to look at the photos. You know they take the photos that you get to look at after you could see him. He's there and then there's nothing next to him. Oh My God. Can't See her little body at all. She's kind Of slumped. Oh no, this is horrifying. Maybe they need not only a height limit but maybe a weight minimum. So I think what happened was the G-Force just kind of overtook her body.


Oh My God. So I think it was every time she went on the up, her blood pressure probably dropped and all the blood drained from her head. Yeah. This is what happens when you're in the back seat of an F 16. You get a ride with like the blue angels. Everyone in back passes out because the pilots have developed their leg muscles so good. They forced the blood up into the upper body. She needed a GSU is what she needed. We gotta get her back. She doesn't need to go back. Does She get lightheaded when she stands up? Doesn't seem to. I asked her yesterday in preparation. I said, what do you remember about it? She said, I just remember that I passed out a couple times, but I remember being scared. So I think it's the combination of the adrenaline, the G-forces. And I said, would you go on it again?


She said, yeah, I wanna go. Let's go. Wow. Wow. She's a trooper. It might be a few years before we go back on that one. No, I think it's time this summer. No, she Needs to be bulked up a little bit. I also love that your husband is looking happy in the pictures, knowing that the daughter is like passed out. He was not scared. No he wasn't. Kudos to him for maintaining his cool and remaining calls throughout the ride. 'cause I would've been freaked out. So that trip was our last to Cedar Point so far. But we will go back. The younger one needs now to get on that. Yeah. We need to get her passing that on. Yeah. Yeah. Right of passage Later that day we kept going through the park and then at some point it's just started pouring down rain and then the power went out.


We went into the store. We had promised the girls we would buy them stuffies on the way out. And so none of the cash registers were working. We didn't have any cash. So they might have walked away with a stuffy Yellow. Sure. It's for our shoplifting prompt. Yes, they did. We didn't know about it. Wow. The power went out. Yeah, power was out the whole park. Did she hit any other coasters or that was it? That was it For the day. Yeah. That's Smart. I would hit the Gemini. If you go back, that's a great ride. The big wooden rollercoaster. The Gs are very manageable. I think we're gonna try that. So we have not gone back to Cedar Point, but we did go to Disney World. She did, I think it's like the Barnstormer or something.


One of those smaller roller coasters. And that was fine. She stayed conscious throughout that. Stayed conscious. Oh, congratulations. She's ready. Well Julie, Yeah. Thanks for telling us this story. Yeah, you've gotta go back decks and try the Millennium Force. It is really fun. I was just at Disneyland with my recently turned 12-year-old. There's a Guardians of the Galaxy ride and it's like the demon drop, but it bounces up and down. It goes up, you step for a second and then it drops. That I did one time. She talked me into a second time I thought, I said, don't think it's a good idea. I went a second time and midway through I was like, Nope. This was a big, big tactical blunder. Yeah. Oh no. And then about 40 minutes to shake that off where I just didn't feel right.


You know? Ugh. Can't do it anymore. I have trouble. I did a scopolamine patch. Have you ever used those? No. Is that like Dramamine? Kind of. It's just a patch that you put behind your, your ear. But it's the anti-nausea. Anti motion sickness effect. Okay. Good info. I'll do that. Good info. Before my trip, I did it before Disney and I was able to go on the avatar ride without a problem. Without it. I know I wouldn't have made it. Okay. Wow. That's a great idea. I even talked about taking Dramamine, but I didn't. Alright, well Julian, there's lovely meeting you. You too. Thank you so much. I hope you have a wonderful summer with your chilies. You Too. Hopefully no more passing out on rides. Yeah. All righty. Bye Bye.


Dex. What is that? I don't know how to tell you this. Oh, go Ahead. What? Did roller rollercoasters are out? No, Monica, you're outta your depth right now. No, I'm not. I You're not An aficionado. Let me talk. Okay. Okay. Yeah. We have wooden rollercoasters in the six packs. It's part of it. You gotta ride 'em. It's nostalgic but it's not the one you tell people to go ride. It is in the same way, Monica. I'm gonna compare it to like a sixties Mercedes. Yeah. It doesn't perform like the new one, but there's a nostalgia ice, A Nostalgia. There's a feel to those wooden rollercoasters that is very specific. Yeah. I maintain it's probably the best wooden rollercoaster ever made.


Oh my God. Yeah. It's not painted like the six flags ones. It's a nice natural wood. You'd like it. Here is Catherine. Could be Catherine Hahn, Ohio native. Hello. Can you guys hear me Beautifully? Is this Catherine? Yes. What state are you in? I'm Actually in Santa Monica. Oh, in California. Oh nice. Oh my goodness. My old stomping grounds. You Guys always make jokes about the west side. I don't agree. Okay, tell us. Go ahead. We're happy to have pushback, Make your case. Well I'm just more of an outdoorsy person and so I like the closeness to the beach and the bike path is nice. Obviously it's not a great time to go to Malibu right now, but I like the closeness to that area.


The congestion of the east side really stresses me out. Yeah, it's just more for me. That's all. I got it. I got it. Do you ever eat at Frito Misto? It's Italian. That's the only place I crave when I go back to Santa Monica. Yeah, I've Been like one time it was good. Oh, get the pink pasta. Add some goat cheese and pine nuts. I love goat cheese and pine Nuts. Oh it's incredible. And the Gargan Zola salad. Don't miss that. So how did you end up at Cedar Point? You must not be from Santa Monica. No, I'm not from Santa Monica. I actually ended up at Cedar Point, I was on a mission trip with my youth group, which is not what you guys were expecting, I'm sure. Well I do see a ton of church groups there when we go. So We basically were going to Cleveland and we were helping a church plant and we were doing city beautification, like picking up trash planting trees.


And I was in high school at the time. And so our reward day, our off day was we're gonna take all these high school kids to Cedar Point. Nice. Yes. And I was not looking forward to it because I am terrified of rollercoasters. Oh, okay. I hate heights. So it wasn't for me. And I just remember, remember my friends were like, oh come on Catherine, don't be scared. You gotta face your fears. Like just go on some rides. And I really, really didn't want to. But I'm also a teenager and was easily peer pressured into everything. We get there and I go on my first ride, I remember it, it was green. It was called the Raptor. Oh, okay. Do you know it? No. I think most of these that we're gonna hear about were built after my tenure. Do you know about the Gemini?


I don't know about that one. It's wooden. That's probably why. Oh, okay.


We are supported by skims. Oh. I just got some new skim swag from their ultimate Bra collection. I am loving it. They make such good bras. They have, you know, well you might not know this, but a lot of pushup bras are like bulky and they have this like piece of it. I don't know, I just don't really, they like them. They're Yes. And there's wires and stuff. There's all kinds of a Coutre Ma that I don't love. Yeah. But Skims has one that I was like, oh they sent me a pushup bra and then I love it. Of course. It's so great. They can't miss Shops Skims Ultimate Bra collection and more@skims.com and Skims LA flagship on Sunset Boulevard. After you place your order, be sure to let them know we sent you select podcast in the survey and select our show in the dropdown menu that follows.


We are supported by Macy's. Mother's Day is next month devoted arm series. Note that I adore and love my mom, my sweet, sweet mother. Her episode's one of our most popular ever and we have to get her back on the show soon. So it's important to make moms feel like the stars. They are on Mother's Day, but moms can be so hard to shop for because it can seem like they already have everything they need. Not true. If you're not sure what to get your mom this year, Macy's is a one-stop shop to find a gift that will make your mom smile. Macy's has a great selection of clothing, no matter your mom's style. They've got tons of options that'll look great on her from brands like Calvin Klein, Levi's and Charter Club. And if your mom's into cooking, Macy's has state-of-the-art kitchen appliances from Cuisinart all clad and more that will upgrade the recipes. She's been wanting to try. Another favorite buy Mom. Something luxe that she might not think to buy herself. Maybe a signature perfume. That's what I love. Getting my mom designer cosmetics. Or even some new jewelry. I'm going the cooking route this year. You can't lose. I hope she doesn't listen. She doesn't listen to this, so that's fine. Yeah. But they have such good products. I love all Clad. Me too. Yeah. Shop now at macy's dot com or in store.


But I go on this ride called the Raptor and it's intense. It goes upside down. Ugh. And I'm not feeling so hot after the first ride. No, Of course not. And I'm like, okay, this is not great. I just gotta get through the day. Well then I got peer pressured again to get on a standup rollercoaster. Oh, I love those. It's called the Mantis and I don't even know if they still have it. I don't know if it's safe. Okay. So I go on that ride and after that ride I am feeling very, very, very bad. Oh. I was like, this is not good. You need to like stand up for yourself and say no. Yeah. Yes. We take a break. We're hungry because I'm an idiot. And 17 I order a burger, fries and a milkshake. Oh, oh yeah, yeah.


Fill that tank up. I was Like, oh, I'm starving. Like I'll eat. It'll be great. When we are at Cedar Point, it is the dead of summer. It is 93 degrees, not a cloud in the sky. Ooh. Sweaty, gross. Not a fun time. So after lunch I'm like, okay, mentally I'm done. I'm not doing this. Well. Can I ask a quick question? Did any of the boys on the trip complain of a wet butt cut? Did you hear any murmurings of that? A lot Of people were complaining about their thighs rubbing together and just general back sweatiness. Yeah. The wet butt and the preceding wet butt cut is pretty common for The young men. I don't know about the church group talking about wet Butt cuts cut. Well you never know. You Never know. But I guess it's good you Asked. I just knew that was in the stew here Monica, it's trying to paint a full picture of what they're dealing with.


With the heat, the nausea, very, Very hot. Not feeling great. So after lunch we're walking around and I get in a group of people and my crush and he's like, let's all go ride Millennium Force. Oh. Oh, we just heard about Millennium Force. I'm like, okay, I have to do this. 'cause I can't embarrass myself in front of my crush. Like I have to go ride Millennium Force. Oh the pressure on young people, this is really Upsetting. I get on the ride, I'm sitting there, my entire youth group is in the line behind me. I'm one of the first groups to go. My friend Reagan is sitting to my right. My friend Emily is sitting in front of me. My friend Natalie is in line. As soon as the ride takes off, I'm like, oh no, this is bad.


Where's the crush? He's in line Out behind you. Luckily, No, he's not on the ride with my guys. Oh goodness. So I don't even scream during the ride 'cause I'm just so terrified. And usually I'm like a big scream on rollercoasters 'cause I'm scared of them and don't like them. I'm afraid to open my mouth. Oh. I make it through the ride and I pull into where they load the people on and off and as soon as we click into place, I lean over and just puke. Oh, everywhere. Oh my God. All over the platform On the ride itself. Like I lean over my legs and puke everywhere. Oh, you filled the floor of the millennial. Okay. Yes I did. The whole youth group is in the line and sees this happen.


My friend Reagan is trying to comfort me. My friend Emily is like, what's going on? 'cause she heard it but didn't see me because she's in front of me. She can hear The w retching. Yeah. That. Yeah. So then I asked Natalie, I was like, well what happened? What did you see? She was like, well I just remember you being scared and being really proud of you. Like, oh, she made it like she did a good job. And then she sees me throw up and she's like, oh no. I start like hysterically crying. 'cause I'm just so embarrassed. I'm like, you guys made me do this. I didn't wanna get on these rides. Like I hate you guys. I was guilting them. Okay, Okay. You did not wanna take accountability. So a puke, a balling and then a lot of accusations. Blame this guy must have wanted your number so bad. Irresistible. You think the story ends there? It doesn't. Oh.


Oh. I get off the ride and I'm like having to be comforted. And meanwhile in the corner of my eye I see the summer high school worker coming with like the broom. Oh and the sweet pan. That's Not gonna also, that's not gonna do it. Not gonna cut it. He needs a mop. He Doesn't get paid enough to do that. I'm getting off the ride. I'm so embarrassed. I'm still crying. And our adult leader, her name's Ms. Kelly, she came over to comfort me. I'm just trying to get out of there. I make it to the front of the ride and reminding you guys it's a 93 degree day. And I had just thrown up all of my fluids, all of my food. I ingested that day. I collapsed right outside the front of the ride. Oh my God. Oh this is a really bad day. Bad Showing.


It's probably the most embarrassing thing that's ever happened to me. I pass out. Okay. Millennial force. Yeah. You gotta be a bad motherfucker to ride in millennial forest another, There was another passing out situation. Yeah, it's common 'cause it's a crazy ride. So I pass out in front of the ride. I don't remember a lot of this part. I had to like ask my friends and be like, can you fill in the gaps? They call like an emergency cart. And I was out for most of this. But I just remember waking up and I'm on this cart and I'm very confused and I look out the back and I just see my friend Emily running behind the cart to keep up with me. And I was just like, that's a friend. She's not letting me go through this alone. And Ms. Kelly is in the front of the cart being like, I'm here for you.


Weve got you. Like you're Gonna be okay. She thought maybe you were gonna pass. Yeah. To be honest. Well it was bad. Yeah. Yeah. I get taken to the rollercoaster hospital at Cedar Point and I'm in this hospital makeshift bed. They're feeding me Gatorade and salty crackers and water. And they let me call my mom and my mom's like, Catherine, what is it? Why are you calling me? And I'm like, mom, I passed out and I threw up on a rollercoaster and I'm so embarrassed. And I had to take an hour to recover because I was super dehydrated. So they had to like give me fluids. Any person in my situation at that point would've been like, I wanna go. It's been a bad day. But again, because I'm with a youth group and there's a hundred of us, I have to wait for the bus to take us all home.


Sure, Sure. So I'm just stuck there. My friends had to take shifts to be with me. So they had to like miss time at the park to just babysit me and make sure that I wasn't passing out again. Which is so humiliating. Mm. And long story short, I made it through the day. I got put back on the bus. They put me in the back row, had me lay down, fed me some Dramamine and put a trash can right by my seat. Just in case. Very thoughtful actually. Yeah. But the crush is there. Yeah. Well that's over. That ship has sailed. Yeah. Yeah. And it, it was like an hour drive back to our hotel. Oh, Did you marry your crush? Could this have been a meet? Cute. No, he's a great guy.


He married some other girl and they're very happy. Someone Could keep her food down, Could handle her rollercoasters. Someone Didn't throw up at Cedar Point and pass out in front of Millennium Force. Now am I wrong? I feel like you can get out to the beach at Cedar Point. You wouldn't know. I would've gone and tried to hang out at the beach, but I'm not sure if you can exit or not. They also never, were gonna let her go off to the beach on her own. Yeah. Just part of a youth group. Rob, will you Google If you can access the beach from Cedar Point, this would be a TBD. Don't worry, I'm not gonna make Catherine hang around to to find out. But that would've been a great place to recoup on the hot day. Get some fresh air. Yes, fresh sea air. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry that happened. What a terrible trip. So you don't love Cedar Point? I can't imagine.


I don't. I've never been back. And honestly after that, I've never been on a roller coaster since a wow. Yeah, They're not for you. That's not for You. You knew it. I did. That's why I was so frustrated. 'cause my friends just thought I was scared. When in reality it's like, no, I feel physically Ill. And you know, you're really susceptible to peer pressure. So you really can't put yourself in the situation again. We learned a lot of things on this day. We, yeah. But I'll say I was 17 at the time. I've grown a lot since then. I am a big fan of boundaries now. If it's a no, it's a no. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. These are hard lessons to learn. Oh, well Katherine, thanks for sharing that. Yeah. But it all worked out for you. Yeah. Thank you guys so much. I was so excited. You guys were the first podcast I ever listened to back in like 2019.


And I loved the honesty and the vulnerability that you guys have. And now I work on a podcast. Nice. Oh incredible. What a story. I love that. Yeah. Full circle. Thank You guys. Have a good one. Bye. Okay, bye-bye. There is beach access a mile. Long Beach is a perk for all park Visitors. I was right. She could have gone out to the beach. She could have put her toes in the water, cooled herself down. Okay. That would've been Great. She has a time machine. She goes back and I'm not going on the millennium. Whatever it was. Yeah. Falcon Force. Hello. Hi. Where are you at, bill? I am on Long Island in New York. Oh, Nice. Oh, there's a popular Netflix murder doc about girls that were abducted in Long Island.


Oh. Oh yeah. The serial killer. Oh my God. What if it was you? No. Bill's a good man. What if it was right in? If you're a serial killer? Right in. And are you from Long Island? I am. And how'd you end up at Cedar Point? That's quite a hike. My cousin and close buddy of ours heard about Millennium Forest opening. Everybody's gonna talk about Millennium Forest. Three out of four. Yeah, It's been great because Dax doesn't know that one. I don't think that was around in my era. Yeah, it opened in 2000. My last trip there was around probably 2001. It seems like you would've remembered this, Brian. I guess so. I'm gonna have look at some photos. At any rate, you heard of the grand opening and at that time, was it the tallest or something in the world? Yeah, that's what they were talking about. So we were like, alright, we gotta go out there.


And we were planning the trip. It opened in spring. We're like, all right, we'll go into summer. It's a 10 hour drive. None of us had a car big enough that could fit the three of us, our camping gear, everything we needed. So we borrowed my aunt's minivan. That was nice of her. It was a Dodge Caravan. Had the sliding doors on both sides. I do all the driving. We find our campsite, we get there, we set up a couple pulled up and they started setting up. They had Canadian license plates. Were like, oh, these guys seem cool. So we started talking to them. They're there for the same reason as us. So we decide, all right, why don't we just all go together, hang out, drinking, having a good time. The night before, my buddy Kenny, who was with us, he's an electrician, and there was a light right above our campsite.


And he's like, oh, let me just go in there and I'll disconnect it so it's not too bright here. Sure. Normal. We make it through the night. Next day we all decide, all right, we're gonna drive together. It was a little overwhelming. We get there. There's a lot of people we walk in. You know how they have those photographers that snap everybody's pictures, try to sell you little souvenirs. The five of us, we get a group picture, we go around the park, ride a bunch of different roller coasters, and then we're like, all right, we're gonna end the day on Millennium Force. We're waiting about a half hour or so as we're boarding it, they have somebody on like a bullhorn, like, all right, everybody ready to ride to biggest rollercoaster in the world? Everybody's like, yeah, the fastest rollercoaster in the world.


Yeah, the tallest rollercoaster. And then they're like, well, then you have to go to Japan. 'cause one just opened yesterday. That's Two feet bigger, three miles an faster. Why would, why would they tell you that? Oh my God. So everybody like, lets out this sigh. And then they send us right off. That Is, so you wanna ride the point second highest, you wanna ride the second fastest, Basically. Ah. So it was fun. It was a great time. We leave and we're driving back to the campsite. How Far away is the campsite from Cedar Point? 10 minutes. Okay. If that. The caravan we were driving with the doors on both sides, they lock open and it's hot.


So we're like, oh, Jeeps drive around with doors off all the time. Oh, let's just lock these doors open and we'll drive. We hit a bunch of traffic and then I see a car wash and I'm like, oh, this is my aunt's car. Let's go get it washed before we hit the road tomorrow. And I pulled down the center turning lane of the road and a little Chevy Beretta turns right into us With the doors open, The passenger door open. My cousin's sitting right next to that door. We ripped like the whole front end off this car. And the door goes flying off my aunt's van. Oh, Oh, oh boy. We come to a stop the door sliding on the road behind us. Oh Boy. Cops show up. They know the other car's at fault.


'cause they turned into the turning lane without anything. But they're like, we have a bunch of witnesses saying, you were driving with your doors open. They write me a ticket and I ask 'em, I'm like, can I at least get the car back to the campsite and try to get the door back on on our own? So they're like, yeah. So we throw the door in our new friend's Ford Explorer, go back to the campsite. After an hour or two of wrestling, we get the door back on the van. It's all bent. The gaps in the door. Huge. We duct tape the gaps on the door. We're like, all right, well tomorrow we gotta drive 10 hours with it like this. Oh my God. And that night, it rained really hard. The campsite was right on Lake Erie. All the sites but hours flooded out. So our new friends who were right on the lake at a air mattress was literally floating.


Oh my goodness. Oh My God. The next day, you know, we all help each other. Pack up, dry out, and we head home. And The duct tape held up on all those highway speeds. It Held the whole ride home. Fortunately it didn't rain. What'd your aunt have to say when she saw the vehicle? We Called her from the site. Well, my cousin did, since it was his mom. She took it really well. And then when she saw the van, it was a little harder. But in the long run, she was just happy. We were all Okay. That's what she's gotta do. I know. Okay. Wait. And I think we have a photograph. Oh, this is the gang. The Canadians. The Canadians. Their names are Curtis and Kelly. We never heard from 'em again after that. 25 years later, we still talk about him. The little guy in the front is my cousin, and the guy on the right is basically my iron weekly.


Oh, Lovely. Oh sweet. I'm sorry you didn't get to go to the tallest fastest. Yeah, You have to go to Japan for that. I guess this Year they're opening up another one that's supposed to be the biggest in the world At Cedar Point. Oh yeah. So We're trying to plan a new trip. Oh. Oh, Great. Reunion. Okay, well that answers my question. You're definitely up to go back. Oh yeah, Absolutely. Yeah. Takes me back. Borrowing an aunt's van and the whole nine Shenanigans. Yeah, My poor aunt. All right, brother. Well, nice meeting you. Take care. Have a good rest Of your day. Alright, you too. Thanks so much. Bye. Alright, well, so I'm just gonna say that after this I stand firm, I position on Cedar Point.


Do you remember how offensive it was? When David Farrier did a whole episode on Disneyland with all of his judgements and he had never been. And I said, how could you do this piece and not go? And we went. And what happened? He loved it. He loved it. One of the favorite places he's ever been in his life. Well, He didn't say that. All I gotta say is, before you levy your verdict, you need to go to Cedar Point. I can't promise you that because I like to stick to my promises. We just talked about bucket lists. Maybe you should add it to your bucket list. Oh my God. Is that What I wanted to do? A place you don't even wanna go? Exactly. Add something to my list that I don't wanna do. Do. That should be the requirement of any well-rounded bucket lists. Is there something on there you don't wanna do, but you know you should.


Okay. Right. That's more like, do you think that's a good rule? That's more like volunteering at a hospital Or going to Cedar Point in this case. Okay. Alright. All right. Love you. Love you. Do you wanna sing a tune or something When a theme song? Oh, okay, great. We don't have a for this new show. So here I go, go, go. We questions, get some suggestions. Fire, enjoy.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey


At 24, I lost my narrative, or rather it was stolen from me and the Monica Lewinsky that my friends and family knew was usurped by false narratives, callous jokes and politics. I would define reclaiming as to take back what was yours. Something you possess is lost or stolen, and ultimately you triumph in finding it again. So I think listeners can expect me to be chatting with folks both recognizable and unrecognizable names about the way that People have navigated roads to triumph. My hope is that people will finish an episode of reclaiming and feel like they filled their tank up, they connected with the people that I'm talking to, and leave with maybe some nuggets that help them feel a little more hopeful. Follow Reclaiming with Monica Lewinsky on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to reclaiming early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts.