
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm Dak Shepherd and I'm joined by Monica Padman. Hi. Today is crazy Public Transit stories, and let me just glance about these. Yeah, well, I'll tell you, subways are hotspots fraction. They sure are. There's a lot that goes down on those public transports. Yeah. Yeah. It, I'll tell you, it made me want to use more public transportation. I could see that. Yeah. You gotta get on the bus. I'm missing out on a lot of stories. Yeah. One was like, okay, I'll just, yeah. Forget it. Yeah. One was wild, Right? One one was made you throw up.


Oh God. Oh God. Yeah. There's a pretty, there's a hard to listen to one in here. Don't listen. Don't listen. All right. Bye. Enjoy.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card today and start earning up to 3% daily cash back on everyday purchases, and that daily cash can even grow automatically when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. What are you waiting for? Visit apple.co/card calculator today to see how much daily cash you can earn. Subject to credit approval savings available to Apple card owners, subject to eligibility, savings, and Apple Card by Goldman Sachs. Bank, USA member, FDIC. Terms and more@applecard.com.


We're supported by Addie Banin, the little pink pill. Ask your doctor if the FDA approved little pink pill Addie is right for you. See full prescribing information, medication guide and boxed warning regarding severe low blood pressure and fainting in certain settings@adi.com slash pi or call 8 4 4 Pink Pill Slow.


Hello. Hi. What fake name do you want? I'm Gonna go by Jess on behalf of my coworker, who's also a huge armchair fan. I told her I would use her name as my fake name. Okay, Great. Carl, shout out. Jess, Where are you? I'm currently in Baltimore, Maryland, sitting in the lactation room of my office. Oh. Oh. It has a little fridge in here. A microwave. And a couch. Nice. Netflix, they oughta put Netflix in there. They Do want you to bring your laptop in and probably continue working, but I guess you could probably sneak in a little bit of watching time. No one's gonna enter the lactation room, that's for sure. That's a safe place.


When I worked at the front desk at SoulCycle, sometimes there was an afternoon shift and there were breaks between the classes, and sometimes I would watch TV on the computer. Oh yeah, that's fine. Is it fine? Yeah. That's natural, right, Jess? I've never admitted that People watch TV at work. I think I'm not gonna rat out anybody I work with. Okay, so you have a Public Transit story? Yes. So it actually takes place in Madrid. Oh, great. This was when I was 16 years old. I was a junior in high school. It was around 2015. One of the things that my high school offered was a trip to the respective country in which you've been learning the language of, so they had Italy, France, and Spain offered to the students that were taking those languages for me.


I had been taking Spanish since kindergarten at the time. I was really sharp with it. I wish I still was, but that was an awesome opportunity and I was really lucky because it was an extra cost and my parents offered to pay to let me go On the trip. It was 40 Spanish students, and then there was three chaperones. So there was two Spanish teachers that tagged along, and then one PE teacher from one of the schools in the district Who got a free trip to Spain. Yeah, I guess I think you'll learn later why he was important for the story. Oh, I was 16. I didn't really have any spending money of my own, and my parents had paid for me to go on the trip.


So additionally, they gave me some spending money. My mom set me up with my first ever debit card. She put like 150 US dollars on that. And then my mom also got out 150 euro cash for me. But one of the things my mom really emphasized was that there's a lot of pickpockets in Europe. Just be careful, be aware of your surroundings, make sure you keep your money like in your front pocket somewhere close to your body. And I was like, yeah, yeah, whatever. You don't know what you're talking about. Mom. We Got to Madrid and then the first day we spent exploring the city center, they took us to the shopping district. We kind of all ran wild, you know, with my 350 total US dollars for a week long trip.


That first day I bought a wallet from one of those Spanish leather shops. Oh. I thought it was really fancy. So I had immediately taken my money and my debit card out of my old wallet and put it in the new wallet. I stuck my new wallet in my bag and the bag I was carrying around was a bucket bag. It's very open. Yeah, It's not secure. The one I had was a tie closure, so it was like half open, half closed. So really just going against my parents' advice, He threw that advice right out the window as soon as you got some Madrid, like what's the Gapt bag I can carry? Well, For fashion, I wanted to be a little stylish on this trip.


Some additional context, I wasn't really the most popular kid in high school. Obviously I had friends, but for some reason when we got to this trip, the group of students kind of split up into two. It was like all the upper echelon popular kids in one group, and then the rest of us in the bottom half The ground lanes. Yeah. So you can imagine which half I fell into, but I still had friends there. But essentially like half of the kids on the trip just didn't talk to us the entire time. Oh boy. We were done shopping for the day and the teachers wanted us to head back to the hotel. So a big part of our Spanish education is We learned a lot about the metro and the different types of modes of transportation, native Spanish people take for their commute day to day.


And they were like, oh, why don't we go use the metro to get back to our hotel? So we all head down to the tunnel, we load it onto the train, And it was pretty packed. It was Spanish locals, and then my entire high school class that was there Looking. So obviously like tourists, Screaming tourists. There's a bunch of kids not knowing where they're going. They were standing room only. All of a sudden, I just feel something's off. I slowly just slide my hand down into my bag to see if my wallet's there and my bag is empty. Oh, I turn to my friend next to me and I whisper. I'm like, I think somebody just pickpocketed me.


And so we turn around and there's this suspicious looking guy behind Meek looking up and then looking back down, and I think he realizes that we're onto him. So he turned back around and then all of a sudden my wallet just kind of like appears on the ground. Oh, That's good remorse. I snatch it back up. I open my wallet and the money is gone. Oh, my debit card's still there, but the cash is completely gone. I was like, this is the only money I have. I need to get it back. And I know this guy just took it. I turned to my Spanish teacher who's sitting on one of the chairs and I say, Hey, I think this guy just pickpocketed me. Is he making his way out of the train car? Or he's still in there? We're still In route. And you can't go into another train car.


Could you walk in between them like on a subway? No, it's really crowded. So you would have to very obviously push through. Okay, okay. Okay. I tell my Spanish teacher, and almost immediately she just snaps into action. Ooh. And she's yelling at him in Spanish. She's saying something like, it's a young girl, we're on vacation. Please give her back her money. And he's responding to her in a language that I don't recognize. I later found out that he's speaking in Portuguese, which I guess it's a very common for Portuguese people to come into the tourist centers of Spain and rob people. So she's yelling at him, it's causing a scene, and then all of a sudden the train comes to a stop, and then the doors come open and he immediately tries to split.


And then the PE teacher runs out after him, pins him up against the platform wall. Oh, oh, yay. Gym teacher. We all pile off the train very quickly, and all of a sudden everybody starts to gather around. And I guess as the guy was leaving the train, he had handed off the money to his accomplice, which was a woman. She got dragged off the train too. And then all of a sudden you just hear the Spanish police running down the platform. Oh, they were on it. There was like a sea of people, but it's split down the middle. The guy is pinned up against the wall by the PE teacher. I'm standing there with my Spanish teacher, the Spanish police, and the woman who has my money, the Spanish police are yelling at her, I guess, telling her to give it back.


And then all of a sudden you just see her take her hand and shove it down her pants. Oh, down the front. She felt Frisky. No, I think she, she's trying to hide the money in her vagina. Uhoh. Really? Yeah. Oh Yeah. She put it up her Vagina. Well, she just thought, okay, I'm gonna put it here. No one's gonna search me here. I doubt it. Made it into her vagina. That would take a minute. Sorry, Jess. So we're all watching this. The police, me and all of the students, and she is groaning and making weird noises while doing it too. See? Oh, whoa. So maybe it is a kink. I Told You there's a lot on the plate of the teachers.


They got a bunch of teenagers. I know this woman's manhandling her vagina with a fistful stolen money. What a thing to explain. And as we now know, teachers are just humans too. Yeah. They were probably 28. Mind you, this is day one of a seven day trip. Eventually everybody's watching in awe, gasps kind of like, ugh, coming from the audience as she's trying to, I guess, store this money for later. And then eventually the Spanish police, they get her in handcuffs, and then they get the guy in handcuffs and they kind of roll them away. I'm standing there and then all my friends rush up to me.


They're like, oh my God, are you okay? That was crazy. Also, some of them just laughing because the ridiculous story, all of a sudden, one of the girls from that upper group I was talking about runs over to me and she like links arms with mine. She's like, oh my God, I'm so sorry that you had to go through that. Oh, She wanted to be a part of it. She did not leave my side for the rest of the night. And later that night, I begged, my Spanish teacher was like, please don't make me call my mom because this is just gonna prove her. Right? Yeah. Oh yeah. And they're like, no, you have to. They make me come to their hotel room at night. They gimme their cell phone. Mind you, that girl is still with me.


And then she's calling her friends from the hotel room like, oh my God, I can't believe this happened to us. Oh, Oh my God, She's a heat seeker. My mom was like, I'm not sending you any more money. You should have listened to me, which I should have. It's a less than Hard, long. Did they Ever retrieve the money from her vagina and return it to you? They did not. And I don't think I wanted it at that point. That's the Problem. She, that when she stuck it up there, That money still spends. I would want it back. Wow. So that was it. And then normally if you were home, you'd probably have to go into court and testify against them, but you're leaving the country. So you never heard anything about it again? No. They dragged them away and we didn't hear about it again.


Was Your PE teacher feeling wonderful after that? I guess it makes sense why they would tack him on as one of the chaperones of the trip, just in case an altercation like this went down. Yeah. Safety measure. He Earned his keep. He did. He earned that free trip. Shout out. Wow. Well, I'm sad you didn't get your money back, but that is a good story. That's Worth $150. Before We wrap up, I just want to say thank you for doing your podcast. I've been a listener since this podcast started, so this is such a cool opportunity. When you guys started the Armchair Anonymous series, I was like, damnit, nothing interesting happens to me. I'm never gonna be able to submit to this.


And then I heard the first travel or vacation story prompt that you guys did, and somebody had a similar situation where they got robbed. And I was like, I have a story. And ever since then, I've been waiting for a prompt. You manifested it. Yeah, I Did. I've learned so much from the guests that you've brought on, the amount of books that I've read as a result of all the experts that you've brought on. I'm an engineer, so my job is very technical. So whenever I listen to your guys' podcast, it's a good kind of brain break to explore more gray area stuff. Oh, Thank you. Yeah. That's so nice. We're so delighted you're a part of it all. Thank you guys so much. All Right. Have a great day.


Watch some Netflix in there. Take a break. Yeah, I'm gonna wait about 30 minutes before I get back out there. Okay. All right. Great meeting you. Bye. Take care. Bye. Bye guys.


We are supported by Addie. Addie. That's that little pink pill, right? Oh, it sure is. Addie is the number one doctor prescribed FDA approved treatment to get this increased women's sex drive in certain premenopausal women who are bothered by low libido. This Is very important, Which brings up a really interesting conversation. What do women want out of sex? I mean, it's different from men, right? Well, I'm not a man, so I guess I can't really speak to that. But for women, it's definitely about pleasure and orgasms, of course. But it's really more about the intimacy. Like being really excited about the person. Yes, totally. Yes. Be so into someone that you're like, let's do this. I want this. That's a good feeling. Well, apparently there's a lot of women out there who struggle with low libido, but there's not enough honest conversation about it. Yeah. And women should know that there are options out there and we shouldn't be embarrassed to talk about it and get help. No way. It's your life. You deserve this. If you wanna learn more and get back to feeling like yourself, go to addie.com. That's A DDY i.com. Addie or banin is for premenopausal Women with acquired generalized hypoactive sexual desire disorder, HSDD, who have not had problems with low sexual desire in the past, who have low sexual desire, no matter the type of sexual activity, the situation or the sexual partner. This low sexual desire is troubling to them and is not due to a medical or mental health problem. Problems in the relationship or medicine or other drug use. ADDIE is not for use in children, men, or to enhance sexual performance. Your risk of severe low blood pressure and fainting is increased. If you drink one to two standard alcohol drinks close in time to your ADDIE dose, wait at least two hours after drinking, before taking ADDIE at bedtime. This risk increases if you take certain prescriptions, OTC or herbal medications or have liver problems and can happen when you take ADDIE without alcohol. Or other medicines. Do not take if you're allergic to any of Addie's ingredients. Allergic reactions may include hives, itching, or trouble breathing. Sometimes serious sleepiness can occur. Common side effects include dizziness, nausea, tiredness, difficulty falling asleep, or staying asleep. And dry mouth C, full PI and medication guide, including box warning@addie.com slash pi.


We are supported by Vital proteins. Vital Proteins is the most popular brand of collagen peptides in the US for a reason. They're the experts. It's simple to add to your routine. And it has four benefits all in one, helping to support hair, skin, nails, bones, and joints. These are all things that I really am in a battle to keep healthy. Me too. And this is the kind of peptide I can get behind. Yeah. You love this and it's tasty. Very. By adding one, serving a vital proteins, collagen, peptides daily, you can help support your hair, skin, nail, bone, and joint health. It's an easy life hack that will have you feeling and moving your best. Get 20% off by going to vital proteins.com and entering promo code Dax at checkout. That's vital proteins.com. Promo code DAX for 20% off. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


We are supported by Happy Egg. I love an egg that you can, like The yolk is so bright. Yo. I like a dark orange yolk. Yes. When you get that dark orange, You know it's Good. You know it's high quality. Yeah. This restaurant we go to all time for breakfast. Breakfast place. Yes. Yes. So good. I always think There's cheese in the scrambled eggs, but it's just the yolk. Yes. Happy egg Hens are raised outside and the hens are treated with care on small family owned farms. Happy eggs. Farming standards lead to the hens being well. Happy. Happy hens. Happy eggs. If you're making eggs, do yourself a favor and buy the best. You're going to taste the difference. Crack open. Happy with Happy egg. You'll find them in the yellow carton. Visit happy egg.com/dax to find a store near you.


Test test. We hear you, but we can't see you. Hold tight. Here we Go. Oh, here we go. Oh, look at this broom. Got a drum kit behind us. What do we got? Little Man cave. Yeah, that's the drum studio stick monkey studio down here in the basement. What kind of kid are you playing? Toma. Oh, nice. I'm gonna say that your shirt is of a VW thing. That is correct. Are you so impressed, Monica, do You know what a thing is? No. Well, okay, show her the whole shirt now. But I got that from the windshield. So The story about this thing is, a year ago I was at a classic car show. There was a charity raffle. I bought a $20 raffle ticket and I won a 1973 VW thing.


No way. Was it in gorgeous Dish? No. There's a reason why people donate cars to charity. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. For the last eight months I've been restoring it. First was mechanical safety 'cause it ran, but it didn't stop. And then there was an enormous amount of rust that had just invaded the whole car. So I just finished that restoration. So we've been enjoying that over the last two weeks. And then I kind of have a bigger plan. Can I guess what the plan is? Go ahead. WRX motor? Nope. I'm gonna try to pull a Downey Jr. I'm gonna drop the engine and pull the gas tank and convert it to an ev. Oh, Cool. Okay. Another great option. Yeah, that's a cool option. Okay, so you have a Public Transit story. She knows once we get on cars, we could never come back. I'm into that, but we're here for the show.


So let's get the public transitory. So I live in Boston. Boston has a subway system, which is actually the oldest subway system in the nation. Part of that system is kind of like a trolley, more than a subway. So when you go down, there's no lower ground. You literally enter at ground level. In 1992, I had just graduated from Northeastern University. I was valet parking cars because I didn't have a job yet from my major. That's a job I always wanted and never had. Did you love it? It's a lot of fun being a CARF enthusiast, you got to drive a lot of people's really expensive whips without owning them. And then tips.


It was a good gig. I got off of a really long shift. I lived in a area of Boston called Alston, which is, you know, maybe five miles up the road. You would typically take the T, the subway home after the end of the shift. So the place I was valeting was right across from the Boston Common. So I went to the Arlington T stop, I go down the stairs and I'm waiting and I'm waiting and I'm waiting. And I realize that I probably missed the last tee of the night. Right? Bummer. Now I get a blow. Part of the tips that I just made on getting a cab home. So I go to walk upstairs and the staff has locked the place up tight.


Oh my God. You're in jail now. They didn't check. I am locked in the subway station under the city. Remember I said it was 1992, we didn't have cell phones. Oh, right. Or flashlights in your pocket. And I'm a 22-year-old guy, so I'm still not really fully formed. I'm not even thinking to look for an emergency phone or even a payphone. I just think to myself, well, I've been riding the T for five years. I know where I am. And if I look up the subway tracks, three blocks up is Copley Square. I could probably walk up the subway tracks and get to the next stop. Okay. So I'm co-signing on this plan.


But are you not thinking you'll surface from that station? And the gates will also be locked there? Again, reiterating that I'm 22 and you know, the stations themselves are illuminated, but the space between the stations are really not that well lit. But I start on my way and I am immediately welcomed by the city's rats. Oh. There's just a lot of those guys just hopping all over the place. Ooh. For some reason I got the Chris Reeves Superman movie from the eighties in my head where the guy is hiding in the Heidi hole. Lex Luther pushes the button And it pushes him out. So he gets killed by the train. Yep. Yep. And so I'm like, okay, are they moving trains? Maybe after hours? Am I gonna make this?


Fortunately I make it to Copley Square without dying or getting eaten by a rat. Oh, and to your point earlier though, Dax, of course it's locked. It's after hours. The whole place is locked. Yeah, yeah. The whole subway system. Now I've got a real dilemma. 'cause now I know where I am and there's not a point that it surfaces as the trolley on the street for half a mile mile. Maybe one way to the left is known as the Eline, which is where I had gone to school at Northeastern. I know that way, but that's not where I lived. Now that's the wrong way. And then straight ahead would be through the Heinz Convention Center to Kenmore Square. And then the trolley surface up there. I'm like, that's where I live.


That's where I want to go. I'm gonna hoof it. Yeah. Oh wow. What other choice do you have? You're not gonna sleep on the ground. I think that is what you do. Most people, I think probably would've slept. I start up the next leg and this leg would be much longer. And there's still plenty of rats to keep me company. Mm. And about maybe three, four blocks up, I miraculously come upon an emergency exit. Oh, Oh, oh, see you. It's a door. I open the door and there's kind of a stairwell that looks like it's going to nothing. So I start to climb the stairwell and as I near the top, I see a little bit of light. And it turns out that I am walking up a staircase to a street grate.


Oh yeah. In the sidewalk. There's an emergency handle there. I popped the handle. I flip this grade up and as I am emerging now, it's like, you know, one 15 in the morning, all the bars are letting out. It's summertime. Everyone's having the time of the, and they're looking at me like, what in the world? There's a subterranean teenage mutant Ninja Turtle, a dweller coming up. But fortunately I'm out and I'm free. And You're lucky no one fell in. I Don't even remember if I closed it. Who knows? You know, I'm just so happy to be out of that situation. I look at my watch and it's one 20 last calls at one 30. Right across the street is a place called the Cactus Club, referencing a lot of stuff from Boston over in Harvard Square there used to be a place called Hong Kong.


And they would do this thing called a Scorpion bowl, which is basically a, a mixing bowl of rum. Cactus Club had its equivalent of that. They had the Cactus Bowl. And this is for like three to five people, right? Sure, yeah. You normally have that with your friends. I walked in, I ordered one of those and I sucked the whole thing down. Oh, That's gonna help. Well, It's gonna take the edge off. Right? This is one of the most Boston stories ever told. Boston's got a lot of referencing points. You know, you gotta know where you are. So now totally inebriated, but at least a lot less stressed. I walk out, I grab that cab. Yeah. 'cause now you don't give a fuck about spending money. Not at all. Yeah. I'm alive.


I'm drunk. I get home. My now wife then girlfriend obviously sound asleep. I'm like, Hey, wait till you hear the story. Wow. Oh, that's great. Oh my God. I would've been having those same Superman flashbacks. I can see it very well. And anytime I think of being in a subway tunnel, I think of Lex Luther. Monica, did those ring a bell? Did you ever see those ones? The early Superman? No, I didn't. Gene Hackman was Lex Luther. And he had this incredible layer under the city. It was gorgeous. He had like a super villain cave attached to the subways. There's one footnote to the story. Years later, I'm in sales now I'm now working for this company and I have an opportunity to sell the service to the MBTA.


The TI get a meeting at their headquarters. I'm in the big conference room with all the maps and the guys come in and I'm like, listen, before we talk about what we're here to talk about, I gotta tell you guys a story. Yeah. Right. And so I tell this tale, I can't tell if they were totally aghast or they were like, eh, that's par for the course. But needless to say, I got some good cred going into the meeting. We didn't have closing the deal, but it doesn't really matter. It was the point of telling the story. Well you're so honest. 'cause you could have easily said you closed the deal. He just demonstrates some integrity. I love that. Yeah. Well Matthew, this has been a damn joy. Yeah. How fun. My wife is a huge arm cherry. I guess this was a prompt a number of years ago and she knew the story and she missed it.


And so when the prompt came up again, she's like, we gotta get you in this time. She Wrote it. She didn't really write it all that well. I had to obviously rewrite it. Sure. Spice it up with all that color. But she would love to say hi. Yeah, please get her in here, Jen. Here we go. And if you want to do a drum solo, I'm also up for watching that. Hi there Jen. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you both. I have to say you're the soundtrack of my life. Oh Good. What's so nice? Oh, that's flattering. I used to always cut out articles in like the Times or The Globe that would pertain to So like a friend or a family member. And now I just send different episodes to people. Oh. Oh, I love that.


Send away. Well Appreci. See? Yeah. It's like a multi-level marketing system. Man. We need you. Thank you. I got Driving. I'm driving User listeners. Well it's delightful to meet you guys. You're so fun. Both of you. Thank you so Much. We really appreciate what you guys do and we love It. Okay. Thank you brother. Take care. Bye. Hello? Hello. Oh, you have the ro. We both have the robot on. Oh My god, How Cute. I didn't get the memo. Theon, you're in your closet. Yes. You sound great. I'm trying to make some conclusions based on your wardrobe. I do think you live somewhere that's cold. Yes, I'm in Chicago. Oh. Oh yeah. Can we presume the story is about the L?


Yes. Oh, good job Monica. Thank You. I know about the L because Matt Damon goes on it in Oceans 11. And do you know why it's called the L? Because Matt Damon goes on it. Oceans. That's right. And his name starts with an L. Yeah. It stands for Elevated Train, right? Yes. You are not impressed. I'm looking right at your face. I wasn't listening. Oh, you weren't even listening. You already bailed out. I was thinking about Matt, Dan, you know. You know once I say his name, I do have a minute or two. Or You go through like his greatest hits in your head. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Who's your number one celebrity crush? I Don't get as obsessive about the crushes. I get obsessive about fans. I'm a big Taylor Swift fan. Oh yeah. Okay, nice. Monica. So I feel like I get more into that, but I am watching The Pit and Dr.


Robbie's big crush right now. He's doing It for you. He's just the hottest. Oh my God. It's hot as it gets. Okay, let's get to your elevated train story. Yeah, let's hear it. That Monica was not impressed with. Oh, I'm impressed. This takes place two summers ago. It's Lollapalooza weekend. Do you guys know what Lollapalooza is? Yes. Music. Big music Festival. I know the original one, Julia. Oh really? Yeah, back in the nineties. I've never gone to Lala. It overwhelms me. It's very crowded. But normally I would not take the L home at night. I tend to transit their Uber home to be safe. But I feel like most of the fear around being on transit at night is when it's an empty train car.


And since it was Lala weekend, all the trains are packed super late. We went to an after show And it was like one in the morning and there's still a ton of people. So my girlfriends and I were like, this is fine. We don't have to ride that far. There's a ton of people, nothing will happen. So my girlfriends have to get off two stops before me. I'm the last one to get off. Probably like the stop right before they have to get off this man boards. And he is holding like a cup of brown liquor. He's got the glassy eyes. He immediately grabs this open bag of flaming hot Doritos that's on the L and just starts like shoving it into his face. He's got the red all over his mouth and then he locks in on us.


Oh wait. And when you say us, how many? It's me and three other girlfriends. But they're all getting off at the next stop. Mm. Oh my God. Everyone's a little like Uhoh. Do we wanna leave Julia alone? We don't really want to. So we're all texting each other and I was like, I have two more stops to go. It'll be fine. We went to the concert with another friend. He's sober at home downtown. He doesn't live north like us. So I was like, I will call Sam. And he has his wits about him and if something happens, he'll be aware of it. It'll be fine.


We are supported by Better Help. We've had a lot of talk recently about therapy when we had other Monica on and how helpful it is in steering your way through so much of this quagmire that is your own perception. I just got a friend of mine into therapy and they really, really are liking it already. Oh good. Mental health awareness is growing, but there's still progress to be made. 26% of Americans who participated in a recent survey say they have avoided seeking mental health support due to fear of judgment. When people hesitate to get help, it doesn't just affect them. It impacts families, workplaces, and entire communities. This Mental Health Awareness month, let's encourage everyone to take care of their wellbeing and break the stigma. The world is better when people are healthy and happy. Better Help has over 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapists. There are over 30,000 licensed therapists to choose from, from diverse backgrounds with a wide range of specialties. They make it easy to find a therapist who fits your specific needs. We're all better with help. Visit better help.com/dday to get 10% off your first month. That's better help hlp.com/dax.


We are supported by Quince one day. It's cool. The next, you're sweating through your clothes. That's how you know it's time to switch things up. Quince is gonna have exactly what you're looking for as we move through spring lighter layers, better fabrics and prices that don't make you think twice. I've been in the market for shorts, short sleeve shirts, I'm getting prepped. Monica and Quince is the place. It's time to do a little refresh. This is such a good place because it's a really good price, but it's really good quality. Super High quality Quince is all the things you actually wanna wear. Like organic cotton, silk polos, European linen bee shorts, ding ding, ding. And comfort pants that work for everything from backyard hangs to nice dinners. Quince keeps prices down by working directly with top artisans and cutting out the middlemen, giving you luxury pieces without the crazy markups. In this economy, making the most of your dollars is a priority. Quince gets that. Elevate your closet with quince. Go to quince.com/dax for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/dax.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know to double check the hamper first before turning your white laundry into a lovely shade of pink. Like you know to check that your headphones are plugged in first before blasting your guilty pleasure playlist in the quiet section of the library. Like you know to check that you're texting the right person first before sending that spicy gossip about your cousin. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You are in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


So I give him a call, they get off and now the guy moves to sit directly across from me. No, how old is this guy? I would say maybe late thirties. Hard to tell. Probably late thirties. All right. It's not like a 60-year-old at, I Call Sam my friend who's at home and I'm like, Hey, he's feeding me. Like I don't know if you see like those tiktoks people on social media, what to say if you're in an Uber and you think you're being kidnapped. And it's like, yes, I'll meet you at the stop trying to like make it sound like somebody's gonna be there when I get off. He's like, it's probably fine. I doubt anything will happen. You only have two stops. And we get to my stop, the Belmont stop and I get up and he gets up with me. Oh. And so I'm saying to Sam, he's getting off with me.


And he was like, don't panic, it could just be his stop. Just try to get outta there as fast as you can. So I like fly down those steps to that train station. Turned the corner, just power walking down the street. And for a second I think he's not with me. And so I was like, okay, I think it's fine. And then I look over my shoulder and he rounds the bend and is just staring at me still. And he's picked up his pace? No. Oh my God. You're being chased now. Yes. I'm so glad I was on the phone with Sam because I don't know if my brain would have done the smart thing. And that situation, I live four blocks from the train station. So my gut was like, can I just outrace him home? But Sam was like, cheesies is right there. It's like a late night drunk food, grilled cheese place.


And he's like, they have a bouncer. Oh, go in there and ask them for help. Yeah. So good job. I duck into Cheesies and the bouncer's like this big guy and I'm like, don't let that man in behind me. He's following me from the train. And so he stops the guy and the guy's like arguing with him and then eventually the guy starts walking away. So the bouncer comes in and he's like, are you good? You can sit here as long as you need. Is someone gonna come pick you up? I was like, I live three blocks from Cheesies. It's fine. I'm still on the phone with him. I will wait 20 minutes. I'm sure it'll all pass. Did you have a grilled cheese while you waited? No, but I've had many grilled cheeses since. Oh, okay, okay. I'm sitting there talking to Sam and I look up and Cheesies has a glass huge window storefront.


And the man did not in fact leave. He walked to the end of the front window and has plastered his face and hands against the glass and is still staring at me. I'm sitting at like a table right by the door. So I tap the bouncer and I'm like, Hey, he's still there. So he goes back out there, chases him away again. I reset my 20 minute clock. I'm like, it's still fine. I'm not gonna get picked up. Sam lives like a 20 minute drive for me. I'm like, you do not need to come all the way up here to give me a ride home. Talking to the bouncers, just hanging out five minutes maybe go by. And this man's coming back, he's running down the block. Oh my God. And he's yelling and pounding his fist on the door. Bouncer grabs another bouncer. They both go out.


They've got like their batons out this time and they're like, Hey, get away from here. Get away from here. Pushing him off down the block. So now I'm pretty shaken up but I'm still like, okay, there's no way he's coming back after he's been chased away with these batons. And Julia, I don't want to victim shame here me. But no one's thinking to call the police at this point. Exactly. Like why don't we get the police involved? I'm In pure panic mode. Poor Sam probably was so confused about what was going on. 'cause he's just getting me being like, oh my god. Oh my God. Oh my god. And the bouncers kept being like, don't worry, we've got it. It's also very Chicago. Yeah, these things happen. It feels like a lot to call and that's a really crazy part of town. Yeah. People are doing things. I'm starting to warm up the idea of getting a ride home, but what seals the deal to get a ride home is that he comes back another time.


Oh boy. And he has a crowbar. Oh. And he was trying to smash the front window. Oh my of ha's Fucking God. Yeah, he's deranged. He was determined. I don't know where he found that. It's like 2:00 AM now. The whole restaurant's like, what's going on? Everyone's seeing him at the window. It's packed. 'cause it's Lollapalooza weekend. So the bouncers are like, get in the back. And so I'm in the back hiding 'cause we're like, maybe if I'm outta sight, I'm behind the bread in the back stock. Big Will and the other guy go out there, the bouncers, I don't even see what they do, but they come back afterwards and they're like, okay, how are you doing? I'm so scared. I was like, my friend is on his way, he's coming to get me. And they were like, we're so sorry this happened. I was just thanking them profusely.


And he's like, my name's Big Will. If you could write us a five star review on Google, mention our names. I was like, absolutely I'll do it right now. And so I wrote this review like the cheesy sponsor saved my life and told the whole thing. But now I live so close to Cheesy and my friends and I, I was like telling everyone about this story. When it happened, I couldn't stop saying the Cheesies bouncers saved my life. And it's become our spot. We go every time we go out and Big Will's friends with us. Aw. We call each other on Instagram. He always gives me a big hug. He's in the doorway when I'm walking to and from on Belmont. He will be like waving or like be safe tonight. Oh, I sent in a picture. I think Rob should have it with Big Will and Rolando.


We're buddies now. They got us these vi cheese wristbands. Vi Vi Cheese. Cheese. Oh fun. Oh yeah. And we get 10% off and it's like our favorite place. They're both mean mug in That was New Year's Eve. Oh, How Fun. You're happy as fuck in their mean mug in They're sweeties. So this is kind of a me cute as well. I Was about to say that. Yeah, it's kind of a double whammy. Yeah. Love it. Like tell us about an unlikely friendship that's emerged. Yeah. Oh, that's a good prompt. Rob. Write that down. Rob, was that a wrap on the L for you? Are you like Yeah, I'm not doing the LI Still take it, but just not late at night. I tend to see honestly the craziest people at like nine 30 in the morning. If I go into the office after rush hour.


Purple line has a lot going on at those times. No Kidding. Oh wow. Fuck. Maybe I wanna start riding that owl. Thanks for sharing. Thank you for that story. It's delightful to meet you. Thank you guys. I'm so excited. I need to shout out my cousins, the lackeys and my friend Ian. They're my other arm cherry people I get to talk to. They're first people I told when I got selected. Lackey's and Ian. Yeah, this is Great shout. All right, well lovely meeting you. Thank You guys so much. Great to meet you. Bye. That's your nightmare, that story. Yeah. The Chicago L was crazy. I used to take it to school every morning was something new. It's a blessing that Detroit doesn't have mass transit. They have this thing called the people mover, but no one would ever ride it.


It goes like three blocks. Oh. Oh, there we go. Bingo Again. Is that a bulldog on your sweatshirt? I wore this just for you Monica. I'm probably gonna have a heat stroke. Come in Arizona and I'm wearing this. Look at You. That's a great sweatshirt. Did you go to UGA? I didn't. I went to University of Tampa first and my girl Kristen found this for me at a thrift store back in like 2003. It's a great sweatshirt. I bet you could make a thousand dollars right now. I bet you would pay nearly anything for that sweatshirt. Probably name your price right now. Well I can send it to you. No, I refuse to take from Our kid. That's a cool sweatshirt though. I would want it too. Really cool. Thanks.


Arizona would've been a top guest for me, given the blanket behind you. It's got very Arizona vibes. I'm In a very warm wool for right now. Are you from Arizona? No, I'm Actually from Missouri. Went to Florida and then transferred to U of A. I'm near Sedona now. We Had one of our favorite trips there. Okay, so you have a Public Transit story. I can't imagine which state it took place in. Given those options Took place in Tucson. We joke and say it's a sunny place for shady people. So I took place in 2006. I was going to the U of A and I just moved to my first off campus housing, some student apartments and they were a ways away. So I was gonna have to commute every day. I had a car, but I apparently decided to be frugal all of a sudden.


And I found out how much the parking pass was compared to my old school in Florida. I was just like, this is absurd. I refused to give that much money to park miles away from where my class is gonna be anyway. So I decided I'm gonna take the city bus. I'm not above that. It'll be very humble experience. Yeah, Buddhist. Yeah, it'd be very environmentally friendly. One less car on the road. Yep. So overall, I actually really enjoyed it. It was really quiet in the mornings and I could study and do things last minute with this one. Very balmy, monsoon afternoon. I was taking the bus back from campus and I was like the last stop. It was like the 110 degrees, probably like 115 at the bus stops. Oof. Super humid all of a sudden.


So everything's super hot and sticky. I often saw interesting characters. We had lots of regulars on my route. One of my regular guys, we'll call him Pete, he hopped on and he's an older guy and he looks like he is not able to let his eighties California boardwalk days go. He is very sun weathered. Really orange, brown skin. Looks like you could drag him down the street. He'd be totally fine. He Really long leeched yellowy white blonde hair. And it was balding on top, but long enough he'd pull it in like a messy ponytail in the back. And he was a cool guy I liked. Didn't usually make a scene, but I guess this one afternoon he decided it was a good day to tamper himself. So I'm sitting in the back so I can pretty much see everything that's going on.


And he sits down towards the front of the bus and you know there's a big old city bus so the windows don't open. They have the AC unit kind of towards the front in this one, but they don't work. It's like spitting water and it's just kind of recirculating half-ass cool air. So he sits down across from the AC unit, starts taking off his socks and shoes. And I'm like, okay, you know, it's hot out. Maybe his shoes are rubbing. And then I see him, he reaches into his bag and then he pulls out what looks like a small cheese grater. He starts sawing away at his heel. Oh god. On a fucking bus. Every time we would turn a corner you could see the sun ray shining down perfect lines through his wafting cloud. Yeah, The heel particles that are entering the atmosphere.


Dead skin cells everywhere. There's A pretty big cloud too. Ugh. First of all, I instantly cover my base. I don't wanna embarrass the guy. Like maybe he doesn't have a home or he has a home. He can do this. Maybe this is his time. I cover my mouth and I'm taking like the tiniest little sips of air possible. So I've just pictured them going in the mouth and knows. And it reminds you's like 115 degrees and everyone's sweaty and it's summer. So everyone's wearing tank tops and shorts and all I could think about was just his dead, but skin just sticking to everyone around him. Yeah, This is a torture chamber. Thankfully no one made a scene, but I'd say we were all wearing a little bit of Pete's petty that day. Mm. I debated hopping off the bus as soon as possible, but it's super hot.


And in my luck I wouldn't find anyone. I'd have to like stand on the road in 120 degrees and pavement calling someone to come pick me up. It wasn't reasonable. So I stayed on for the duration. Did he do both heels or just one was bothering him? Oh no, he did both. He Had to get the full spa treatment. Yeah. He was so away. I feel like nowadays people would probably say something. So I guess I'm grateful that people were very polite Trying to think what I would do. Okay. Hey bud. Could you cheese grate your feet outside of the bus? I think maybe I'd have to ask if I saw it in the air like that. Oh, that would freak me the fuck out. Yeah, when things get atomized. Oh, people do that shit on airplanes. That's what's incredible.


I follow an account on Instagram. I wish I could remember the name of it, but it's like passenger shaming or something like that. And it's people cutting their fucking toenails on a fly. Oh my God. That's where I thought it was going. This is worse. Yeah, this is much worse than toenails. Oh, we should add that to our thing. Graded Skin. Would you rather eat Grd skin Graded skin. Chunk of skin. Yeah. I'd rather eat grated. I wanna get on with a battery powered Dremel and just start grinding my toenail. I have to grind all the time. Oh, because it does. There's powder everywhere. Disgusting. I did end up buying a pass after all too. Well you get what you paid for. Well Katie, thank you.


I'm sorry you were subjected to that hope, but you have a Good heart. I hope it's off of you now. Thanks for sharing that. And really great sweatshirt. Just wanna reiterate that Top notch. Thank you. So I did wildland firefighting for like 10 years and I quit to have my babies. I'm at home now. I have a two and a half year old and a six month old. Oh my God. I haven't slept all week. Almost extra pled. You guys have really helped me get through some hard moments of running with him in the stroller and the isolation has been hard for me. So you guys are awesome. Oh, thank You Katie. Thanks. And can I say happy birthday to my husband? It's today. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Happy Birthday of, what's his name? Phil. I just booted him out with the kids like, you have to go now. Happy birthday.


Get the fuck outta here. Pretty much happy birthday to him. And thanks to Christie, my sister-in-law for hooking me up. She told me about your podcast and then my brother for being my tech support. My brother Bob, he helped me out today. Calmed me down a little bit. It all worked out. Yeah. Thanks for chatting With us. Yeah, thanks Katie. Great meeting you. Have a Good day. Yeah, you too. What a cute sweatshirt. That's gonna haunt you, isn't it? This is, it's all you're thinking about. I want it. I can't have it and it's okay. And life will continue. This is Buddhism. You didn't even know about it in an hour ago. Speaking of, you know, the arm cherry from last week's episode or a couple weeks ago. Also a sweater, Japanese sweater that I really wanted. I did get the website. There's no way I can have it Pricewise.


No, you just can't really order it. You gotta be there. Yeah. So now this is gonna be a very expensive sweatshirt. 'cause you're gonna have to go to, that's goddamn Tokyo to get this thing correct. Well, We've got some Tokyo listeners, I'm sure that'll go For you. I don't wanna put out any arm cherries, but I You're In Japan. Here in Japan. We should ask Eric retroactively. Do I know someone that's there right now? Everyone's there. People are Going There a lot. I think the exchange rate is beneficial currently. Well, I've had some wild public transits. I had the guy ask if he could smoke and then he smoke crack. And then the guy that wanted to fight me when I rode my bike and brought it back and get action packed down there. Alright, love you. Love You. Do you wanna sing a tune or something? Theme song.


Oh, okay. For this new show. So here I go, go, go. We're gonna ask some random questions with the, we'll get some suggestions on the fly dish. On the fly dish. Enjoy.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey


At 24. I lost my narrative, or rather it was stolen from me and the Monica Lewinsky that my friends and family knew was usurped by false narratives, callous jokes and politics. I would define reclaiming as to take back what was yours. Something you possess is lost or stolen and ultimately you triumph in finding it again. So I think listeners can expect me to be chatting with folks both recognizable and unrecognizable names about the way that people have navigated roads to triumph. My hope is that people will finish an episode of reclaiming and feel like they filled their tank up, they connected with the people that I'm talking to, and leave with maybe some nuggets that help them feel a little more hopeful. Follow reclaiming with Monica Lewinsky on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to reclaiming early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts.