
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm Buck Rogers and I'm joined by Monica Lightyear. What would the holidays be without crazy holiday stories on Armchair Anonymous? People Got 'em. They got 'em. They're gonna keep coming. These are great. Hopefully they'll get you in the mood. Lemme just quickly glance and make sure no, no animals have died prematurely. No, that's fine. Yeah. I think we're good here. We're good. Yeah. Go into the strong with crazy holiday stories.


We are supported by Audible Audible's. Best of 2024 picks are here. Mm. Audible's curated list in every category is the best way to hear 2020 four's best in audio entertainment. Like a stunning new full cast production of George Orwell's 1984. This is the one I am most excited to indulge myself with. I'm so excited to listen to James, which is a new title by personable effort that is very, very hot right now. Mm. Well, there's so many good ones on the list. We Love Audible. This is how you Go to bed. I love Audible. I swear by Audible. I can't wait to listen to the Orwell 1984 off this list. I'm also doing fleas by autobiography right now, which I'm obsessed with. I can't get enough Audible in my life every night. Go to Audible dot com slash dax and discover all the years best waiting for you. That's Audible dot com slash dax.


Okay.


This is great because people may remember a while back, you and I have debated, which is better. Acetaminophen or ibuprofen. We sure have. So I, for me particularly headaches, I gotta go Tylenol. Yep. But I do like Motrin for muscle pain. I like Motrin. Yeah. You won't even play. I Play. What about for headaches though? I mean, I'm Motrin. You're Team Motrin. What? Listen To this. I'm just Team Motrin. Stop trying to make me who I'm not The Gods have intervened and we have a perfect solution. Motrin and Tylenol have finally settled the great debate by teaming up and introducing Motrin dual action with Tylenol. Oh, they did this for us to save our relationship. I think they may have. Why just use one when you can have both The pain targeting strength of Motrin United with the pain blocking power of Tylenol. Ibuprofen is the active ingredient. Motrin and Acetaminophen is the active ingredient in Tylenol. Motrin plus Tylenol brands provide over a hundred years of combined pain relief experience in one product. Whatever your needs, Tylenol and Motrin are here to help fast acting, long lasting by Tylenol, Motrin, and Motrin. Dual action with Tylenol on Amazon or at a store near you. Use product only as directed.


You gotta know. Hi. Hi Tracy. Nice to meet you. Nice To meet you both as well. Well, thanks for taking my story. When you guys started Armchair Anonymous, I was like, man, I got a story. Oh, I'm so you knew one day. So excited. So this is a Christmas story that happened about 20 years ago on Christmas Eve. Okay. Okay. 2004. Yeah. So our children at the time, Daniel, he would've been about 13 and Abby would've been about eight. Hold on a second. You do not look nearly old enough to have had a 13-year-old in 2004.


I will be 56 tomorrow. Nice. Oh my. He's also happy birthday. Thank you. Also, you're looking very foxy. Yeah, very. You're aging very Gracie. Thank You. I'm having about a hundred hot flashes now 'cause I'm a bit nervous. Okay. That's all right. As the mom, the head shopper, my goal every Christmas when the kids were younger was to really have a great day. And it's not just about gifts, but a lot of it is about the gifts. They never hurt. It's a big deal. Yeah. And it's not about the quantity, it's just about making sure that they're getting what they put on their sent list. So I'm in sales and at Christmas time I'm super busy, so I always try to get everything done before we get into December.


And I think it was like December 3rd, I hauled everything out and was going through everything. And we have to have the same amount per kid. The Christmas spirit is happening in that bedroom as well as you get my drift here. So I'm making everything fits in the stockings appropriately and I'm making lists. Okay. Abby's done. Daniel needs a couple of things and it's getting late. It's 1230. So I tie everything up to make sure that I know where it is and went down two flights of stairs and we have this crawl space that no one goes in 'cause we're frightened to death of the crawl space. Scary than a crawl space. Oh yeah. It's terrible. I threw them down over the stairs and I went, oh, no one's going down here tomorrow.


I'll put it in the crawl space when the kids go to school. So let's go ahead to Christmas Eve that year. And we're having a great day visiting family and I'm having some wine. Having wine. Sean's driving. Mom is partaking fantastic. Nothing big serious, just having a couple of drinks and we said, okay, it's time to go home and get the kids straightened away and read our stories and do our traditions. And myself and my husband Sean, we sit on the couch and it's actually a unbelievably beautiful evening. Snowflakes are coming down, we're just getting ready to have a cocktail. Ah, This is the dream. This Is not the norm. Usually it's just a gong show and I'm a stress bag. Does everything okay?


I gotta cook a Turkey tomorrow. Was that out? He looked at me, he said, you are doing so good. I said, I know this is great. So it's getting late. It's about 10 ish. And I said, let's get everything organized for under the tree. So that's done. And then we can just relax for one hour before we go to bed. He said, alright, I'm going downstairs and Getty and everything. So I'm looking out the window and life is perfect and I'm just so happy with my family. And I could hear him open up the crawlspace. And I heard him close the crawlspace and he opened the other crawlspace. And when he opened the second crawlspace and closed it and he went over to third one, I just kind of like perked up. Yeah, yeah.


And he called out, he said, trace, where are the gifts? And I was like, they're in the same place. They always are. Oh no. Yeah. And I started to go downstairs and at that point, Tant is thrown out. Coleman stoves, every piece of hockey equipment. Daniel owned every old toy that the kids had from growing up that you just throw in the back of that things are going everywhere. And I'm like, what the actual is going on here? Yeah. Yeah. I said, it's right there. I know no one opens this door. The kids know look there because they're terrified of it. He's in the other crawl space. Then he's out in the garage and the garage door's opening and closing. We're not giving into the panic, but it's just on the surface.


And we start to go back to the night that I did all the gifts. And we realized when I threw them down over the stairs, the next day was garbage day. Oh no. Oh no. So now it is 11:00 PM on Christmas Eve. Oh. And I'm just like, oh my God. What's open? What's open? What are we gonna do? What are we gonna do? And at that point, he actually started to cry and I was like, oh no, no, no, no, No. I need you. I get to cry. Yeah. Be strong. He was like, I threw them out. I said, well, I threw them down over the stairs.


I'm thinking I have to get up in the morning. Holy sh. Until those two little children, one who is the big believer of the Christmas spirit. Yeah. That their parents are idiots and there is no Santa. And We chucked all your presents. We had gotten you all the stuff you wanted. Yeah. Oh my God. Listen. And people have really bad shit going on in their lives. I'm gonna tell you, this was the worst feeling I had in my life up to that point. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I got a bit of a hangover starting on top of it. I got a headache. I'm Crying. Sean's freaking out. We're just like, we are the worst parents. And then Abby wakes up and goes, what's going on? My Santa is here and you guys are awake.


And I'm like, just go back to sleep. And there's no cell phone. So I'm not texting my girlfriend and going help. Right. It's getting late. I called my mom. My mom had just been recently retired, so she would like tinker around in stores that little gift shops and secondhand stores. She said, okay, I'm on my way. And she brought this box. I mean, I looked in it and there was comics from 1982. Oh my God. Oh, okay. That'll do. Shop sister and husband and two kids were living overseas in guitar and they were home for Christmas. And she's really super organized. So I knew she'd have some stuff in a tickle trunk somewhere. She said, I got, we're gonna come over. I was getting so latent. We took all this stuff they had and started poking it in stockings and unwrapping stuff.


And there was gifts that Sean's family, they live in Calgary, they sent to us. And I started unwrapping those saying, could we use some of this Desperate times? Yeah. So now it's two o'clock in the morning. I am. I broken, destroyed human. Yeah, You wrapped up a bunch of bullshit. We just go to bed. Sean goes, I don't know. This is going be bad. I'm like, we are idiots. Couple hours later, Abby wakes up and she's super excited. She has no idea what's going on. And she goes into Daniel's room and gets him up. The rules are you're not allowed to go downstairs. Mom and dad have to go down, get the video camera going like it's the old fashioned video camera.


There's no phones. Yeah. Me, Sean aren't even speaking to each other. We're just looking around going, this is so bad. Come downstairs and they start going through their stuff. And because Daniel, I still had to get him a couple of things. He did okay. He liked the 10-year-old comic books. These are vintage Sean's sister. Trudy had a camera with an SD card that was a gift he wanted. And at the time, this is when brand names like Nike and West 49, the skateboard clothes was getting and it was expensive. And he had asked for this specific sweatshirt. Oh no. Wasn't there.


Anyway, Abby's going through her stocking. So she's this little 8-year-old girl that the spirit of Christmas is alive and well inside of her. And she's digging her hands and everything and everything she takes out. She looks at it with this little look at her face like, what did Santa bring me? And then smile. Lays it down. And she goes through everything. She takes out the comic books, covers off it. I'm like, how did I put that one in there? 1979, I'm sure. And she's just like, oh wow. I am just shell shocked.


We are supported by Klaviyo. Klaviyo helps brands build smarter digital relationships with their customers. And here at Armchair Expert, we know a little something about how challenging that can be. Here's how Klaviyo does it. Their unified data and marketing automation platform turns customer data into personalized connections to make every moment count across AI powered email SMS analytics and more. Klaviyo powers smarter digital relationships for more than 151,000 successful brands, including Hedley And Ben Fish wife and Dagney Dover. Build smarter digital relationships with your customers. Visit K-L-A-V-I-Y o.com to make every moment count.


We are supported by Columbia Sportswear. I love Columbia Sportswear. Trusted brand. Trusted brand. I just got a black puffer that's so sleek and I got a a very Earth Tony Fleece. Ready for the cooler Months. I'm ready for it. And I'm gonna be adorned in Columbia Sportswear from snowy trails to city streets. Columbia has you covered Their Omni Heat Infinity jackets are the gold standard and warmth, pushing the boundaries of innovation. Inspired by space blanket technology. Omni heat Infinity uses an expanded pattern of metallic gold dots to reflect more body heat, delivering instant warmth without compromising breathability. With Columbia's omni heat infinity, you'll feel the difference as thermal reflective technology wraps you in warmth. Whether you're hiking mountains or conquering your daily grind, learn more@columbia.com.


Looking for your next streaming obsession. Paramount Plus is a mountain of all new original dramas, including the series. Everyone is talking about. Landman starring Billy Bob Thornton, John Ham, and Deme Moore plus lioness with Zoe Saldana and Nicole Kidman and Tulsa King starring Sylvester Stallone. From Showtime comes the agency, a spy thriller starring Michael Fastbender and Richard Gere get the Paramount Plus with Showtime plan to start streaming. Today.


At the bottom of the stocking, she hauls out this little clear cylinder package and it's all filled with gold. Like gold chains. I don't know what it is. And she goes, mommy, what is this? I said, let's just open this up. So we open up. I don't know what it's, yeah, as it opens up, it unfolds into like a Cleopatra costume headdress. Oh, Fun. That's great. She a chain mail hat. Absolutely. So I put it on her little face. Some of her teeth are adult teeth, some are little baby teeth. She's got this weird old crooked smile. She puts this thing on, it goes over one eye.


And she looks at me and she goes, mommy and my princess. And I remember thinking that sweet little child does not care. Yes. Right. She doesn't know. Yeah. She likes that. She was thought of by Santa. Yeah. Yeah. And I just remember looking at her and my heart just sorted. I wood baby. It is beautiful. You are Santa's little princess. This Is gorgeous. And just thinking, oh my goodness, did we pull this? Anyway, I took Daniel aside, he was older. And I said, buddy, I am so sorry buddy. He said, mom, I got everything I wanted. This is great.


Aw. And we kind of just went, oh my goodness. We pulled this off. Daniel knew, but he kind of just parked it in his memory. And quite a few years later, I've said to the kids, do you not remember that crazy Christmas? And they were No, no idea. That's Hard name. That kind of, that's informative. Maybe we put too much effort into it. Just wrap shit up. It's true. Dump it under the tree. It was the worst feeling ever. I thought, I'm gonna get up in the morning until that sweet little 8-year-old that there's no Santa. And that crushed me. Okay. I think this is what I would've done. Okay. I would've written a note from Santa and it would've said something along the lines of Santa couldn't make it everywhere this year.


And so he is coming back in a couple days. Okay. All right. And in The meantime, the elves dropped off some trinkets, but the real presents are coming in a couple days. 'cause he got in over his head. Okay. So you drove San under the bus? Of course. Yeah. Okay. That's what he is there for. We ended up, once everything opened up, we took the kids shopping, let Him pick out what they wanted. Shopping's, SP free. Have fun. Yes. People get cancer diagnoses. Those are worse. But when you have just spent this much time getting the gifts, then wrapping them, then putting them perfectly on the thing, there's a lot that's going wrong at once. You've wasted all that time, all that money. Money. And then you have Christmas morning coming.


So there's a lot there to be frustrated with. Third option, I would've just gone cash. Okay. Santa brought cash this year. He wanted you to know you're old enough to go shopping. Like made a whole thing about that. Oh wow. Okay. Just, just been like in a pinch, like, but you Also want them to be opening the stuff that's Yeah. We'll wrap each bill individually. Yes. Yes. Tracy, where in Canada are you? You have the most specific accent. And I'm so curious. St. John's, Newfoundland. I had a weird hunch because it's almost got a hint of Scottish in it, doesn't it? Monica. Oh, great. Okay. Maybe Irish sometimes. Yeah. Yeah. I love it. Beautiful island on the east coast of the country. And home to the cutest dogs ever.


Oh Yes. The Newfoundland dog. They're big, big Boys. Wow. That was fantastic. Yes. Thank you Tracy. And sorry that you guys went through that. I love that. The perfect buzz with the snowflakes turned immediately to a hangover. That's kind of my favorite part. Yeah. Because I know that moment. Oh, My head almost blew off my shoulders. When the kids were young, I used to always try to have Christmas day at the house, didn't wanna disrupt them from their stuff. So my family would come over. So my older sister, my younger sister, we're all like little bit glam queens and they showed up like just superstars. I'm still in an old t-shirt that marriage out my face. And they're like, what the heck is going on with you? I said, you're never gonna believe what happened.


This is the worst day ever. Well, not the worst day. This was just the worst situation. We Threw out Christmas Every year for about 10 years after that at four 30 I would run and just look for the gifts. Yes. Just get my eyes on them. Sure. Because I knew if that everything's closing in about an hour. If they're gone, I can high tailor to a Walmart or to a store and just buy something. A double safety check. It's a good Cautionary tale story as well for people. Sure. Do a few check-ins with those gifts. That's right. Leading up. Well, Tracy, that was a delightful story. Thank you so much for telling us. Thanks for Talking to us. Oh, thank you for having me. Can I get my husband to come in and say hello? Sure. Of course. He's the guy that helped me throw out the gifts.


Hello Sean. In my defense, they were in green garbage Bay. That's fair. How would you have Known you were being a very nice gentleman and taking the trash out? This is not on you and it's not on Tracy, but it is on Tracy. No, It's not. My girlfriends were trying to blame him. I said No, I threw those down the stairs. I should have tucked them away. The green garbage bag at the time was the downfall of that evening. That's pushing. Yeah. It's been A fun story for a long, long time. Yeah. Well, it's lovely meeting both of you. Yeah, thanks. Yes. Have a great holiday. You as well. Thanks so much guys. All right. Bye-bye. Yeah, they have like almost Irish accents. The dad did too.


Yeah. Alright, let's talk to Lori. Hi, is this Lori? This Is Lori. Hi Dax. Monica, nice to meet you. Are you in your office? I am. And what's your university poster? I see that Is Ohio University in Athens, Ohio. So, hi, I'm a proud graduate of ou. Currently I'm living outside of Cincinnati In Ohio. Still not in Kentucky. I Actually do live in northern Kentucky. Ah. But I work in Cincinnati right across the river. So I have a very nice view of the Cincinnati Skylines. Oh, Beautiful. And that's the home of Josh Hutchison. Do you know that actor? He's a northern Kentucky boy. Yes he is. Okay. So you have a crazy holiday story.


I do have a crazy holiday story. This happened in Cincinnati as well. In 2008, 2009. Some history on me. I had lost my mom about two years prior to that. Very young. She was 52. And I was just going through a lot grieving, probably self-medicating with food and alcohol. Sure. Just letting myself go a little bit. So I decided to join a gym, and gyms kind of intimidated me a little bit. So I chose a place, I won't name any names, but it's known primarily for focusing on being for women only. They were primarily targeted. The older crowd. I mean, I'm 30 at this point. Most of the women who were going to this gym were 20 to 30 years older than me.


It was a good start for me to get back into working out. I also got to talk to people who were my mom's age, have some maternal healing there, and actually just talk to other women who had lost their mother. Yeah. I was the only one at that time in my friend group because I was so young. And she was so young. I really didn't have anyone to relate to. You know, mess with different ladies. And we started hanging out outside the gym, having dinner, going for a drink, going art fairs. Craft fairs. Yeah. I feel like that would be a good crowd to stumble into. They're like older gals who are making an effort to stay healthy. They're probably engaged in a lot of ways in life. Yes. It was very good. It was what I needed at that point. And realizing that everybody is going through different things and grief doesn't have a timeline.


Right. One of the ladies was having a Christmas party. We were doing a white elephant gift exchange. They specifically said, bring something that's already in your house. Okay. So that you're not spending any money on anything. So a bunch of us go to the party and we start this gift exchange with this particular format. You didn't open the gift until everybody had picked and all the gifts were stolen. So really people were doing it based on the shape and the size of the bag or the packaging. Oh, they were doing stealing before the reveal. That's different. That Is interesting. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. If it was heavy, If you could, you know, shake it and then make noise. So there was probably 20 of us or so we get through, everybody gets their final gifts, and then we're going around the room opening the gifts.


They're getting Christmas decorations, decor, they're getting ornaments, they're getting reads, they're getting candy, they're getting, you know, just all kinds of different items. You can say it bullshit from other people's houses. Yeah. Or things that people are have re-gifted. They may have gotten it for Christmas last year. Sure, sure. And that gets to me. Then I pull out this item that looks and feels like it's a vase. Oh. Oh. It's got a cover on the top, but the cover almost like a paper that's been taped on the top of it. So maybe used. Yeah, I know what it is. Yeah, Me too. I blew It out. I'm looking at it. I'm trying to figure out what it is. And to hear a voice coming from the back.


One of the older ladies said, well, I was told to bring something that I already had, and this is my husband. Well, it's my husband's ashes. And he wanted me to spread them in a local park. And I just can't bear to do it alone. I couldn't bear do it at all. So I thought that if I came here, Oh my. This is not what I thought it was. Oh, you didn't? I Thought, I thought it was a dildo. Oh, for sure. Oh no. I thought that's where we were going. I knew it was ashes. You knew it was who would give someone an obligation? Because death was a part of this story. So it, Okay. So this is healing. Maybe


We are supported by 23 and me plus Total Health. As the year winds down, we often spend time reflecting on what's important. Well, taking proactive steps to take care of your own health is one of the most loving things we can do for the people who love us. And with 23 and Me, you can do just that. With 23 and Me plus Total Health, you'll receive advanced genetic screening, giving you a lifetime of insight into your potential future disease risks. It can help lead to early detection and even prevention. It's a longevity platform that helps you be proactive about your health. With cutting edge genetic testing and biomarker analysis. You can create a health plan that is tailored just for you. As you know, I've been, we're both in this study. Yes. And I've been going back to 23 and me and ordering different results. Oh. Which is so cool. It's all sitting there for me to do. Oh, that's So cool. 'cause we've done it before. Yes. And we really loved what we learned. Also, do it as a family or like as a friendship. It's really fun to read. So you get your results and you can read them together. It's fun. It is. Advocate for your health today. Go to 23 and me.com/dax for your limited time offer. That's 23 and me.com/dax.


We are supported by Netflix. Have you ever found the House of Your Dreams only to learn? It has Dark Secrets. Netflix's new series, no Good Deed follows, three families Vying to buy a 1920 Spanish style villa that they think will solve their problems. But as the sellers discover, sometimes the home of your dreams can be a total nightmare. I love this show. I gotta give a personal stamp of approval. It's so good. Also, a 1920s Spanish style villa. It's a gorgeous house. You wanna live in it. No good deeds. Starring Lisa Kudrow and Ray Romano is now playing only on Netflix.


We are supported by Anytime Fitness. If you've been considering starting a fitness journey, or if you're actively pursuing fitness goals, anytime Fitness has everything you need, not just for bigger muscles, but for a bigger, better life. The right equipment, easy anytime. Access to more than 5,000 global locations and expert coaching to help optimize your personalized training, nutrition, and recovery plan, both in person and in app. I got an Anytime Fitness membership for my brother one year for Christmas. Oh, you did? I did. Well, that's a great gift. It was a very big hit. Mm. Anytime fitness is convenient with flexible, always open hours at thousands of locations worldwide. And an app that you can use anytime, anywhere. They have all the equipment you need to reach your goals. And Anytime Fitness is focused on creating an inclusive community vibe with welcoming members who push and inspire each other to reach their goals and have fun along the way. So what are you waiting for? Get started@anytimefitness.com.


You know, I thought that if I gave it to someone that they could help me, or they could then take the ashes and dispose of them the way that she wanted them to. I mean, she was very emotional saying this, and I was still sort of in a grief state. Now you have somebody else's ass Ashes. Yeah. The whole room was quiet, like nobody was saying anything at this point, you know? I was like, okay, Ruby, I'll help you with this. So then kind of just sat there and I wasn't the last one to open. So there was still some other gifts that people needed to open and everyone's done opening the gifts and we're mingling around. Again. I was 30, so everyone at that point felt so much older than me.


Right. Yeah. Right. If she was 58, you thought she was 70. I Feel like she was, at least in her seventies. I go over, I give her a big hug and I said, Ruby, I'm gonna help you with this. We're gonna do this. She may have, at some point, told me what her late husband's name was. I don't remember that. But she's like, we'll do this for him and we'll make sure his wishes are all next. We'll get Mark all spread out over the Yeah, we're not facing each other. We're hugging. So she's on my shoulder and I hear her and I think that she's crying and she's actually laughing. Oh, Oh, Oh God. She Says, oh honey, that's not my husband.


What those dashes are from my outdoor fire pit. And I just thought that this would just make such a funny gift exchange and a fun story to tell My, oh my God. Oh, it Was a prank, A holiday prank. Oh wow. But a dead husband, but That's like really sick. She should write for a really dark comedy sketch group. Yeah. Yeah. That's next level. Crazy. It was not what I expected at all. You know, and expect to get a base of someone's ashes and then come to find out that it's not a base of Yeah. This is a real roller coaster for you. Yeah. Did you laugh with relief at that point? Like, oh, thank God I don't have to spread this. Yes, there was a lot of relief.


Grief is hard. So I was just trying to let people deal with things the way they could. Yeah. But it was just a very odd situation. And she did end up giving me a candle that she had bought Jesus. I admire this woman because when the present was opened, everyone got uncomfortable. And that was an opportunity, if she was losing her resolve to go like, I'm just kidding. It's from, you know? Right. But she resisted and she let everyone walk away thinking she was nuts. The commitment to this bit is really admirable. We must tip our hat to her, But then what does she get from it her own? The joy of a prank is to then be like, just kidding.


But she was intrinsically motivated, which we would all aim to be. She just knew in her own heart, this is hilarious. They all think this is real. Oh, I guess that's next level. That's like Andy Kaufman. And I think she was known to be a prankster. I just didn't know her that well at this point. But probably about 10 years after that, she herself did pass. And a few of us from that gym did go to the funeral. And we heard a lot of other stories of the different pranks and just funny things that she just tried to do to live life and make people laugh and smile, even if it was a dark humor sort. Wow. I kinda like her.


I would've been friends with her. I Like you. I yeah, I do too. I'm very impressed. I know that I would've felt fucked with, oh. Especially if I was in the middle of grief myself and had lost my mom. And then I was having these ashes and I'd be like, oh, I guess I gotta do the right thing, even though I don't wanna do this and I gotta help this other person. And then it was all a lot. I would be so pissed. Okay. So I am impressed. I'm not a super confrontational person, so I was probably just letting it ride out. Yeah. Wow. Interesting. Ball or prank. Especially at an all ladies Ladies. Some widow Christmas party. Yeah. Yeah. That's something you might expect at a fraternity or the Friar's Club.


Sure. Sure. Right. But it was something I'll never forget. And I have just a silly story from it. She gave you a gift. Yeah. And now that I've told it to the masses, not something I could do in the future. Try pull a on someone. Well, Lori, we're grateful that you told us that. I liked that woman. This now passed woman. Yeah. Rest In peace. What a spunky gal. She was very spunky. It was great. Well, happy holidays to you. Thank you. Thank You. I hope you get a legit present this year at White Elephant. I better. All right, take care. Okay, last one. David, bring us home.


David. Oh, can you hear us now? Hey. Yay. How are you? Wonderful. How are you, David? I tell you what I'm doing. Okay. Thank you. You wanna know something so bizarre? Yeah. I have that painting of the Great Dane. You do not. You Have this Painting. You have that exact one. The exact same one. No. How did you discover yours? My mom. Oh, Wow. I had a house for a long time with nothing on the walls, and she's like, there's a great Dane and it's the exact same one. Oh My God. Is it a famous painting? Well, it is because the two, it was Obviously I would probably get some stock in it if I could. Yeah. So David, I had moved into a house, it was completely empty.


I didn't know what to do. I just started surfing around the internet looking at images I could order. And I stumbled upon this one. I'm like, I love that. Great Dane. And I have another one that matches and it's a whip it. Oh Yeah. Best Frisbee dogs. Sure, sure. They're flighting fast. Where are you at, David? I live in Gilbert, Arizona. Where's that? Just outside of Phoenix, but I'm originally from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Ooh, Okay. Very similar vibes to Detroit. Yeah, very much. I think we did a little bit better in the Rust Belt, but hey, what can you do? Both heavy industry towns with a lot of drinking. You got that right? Funny you say that. Ding, ding, ding. That's what this story's about. Okay, Wonderful. Please, let's hear it. Tell us about it. This Is a long time ago.


89 to 91. Not even sure if I remember, but on New Year's Day, there's the Polar Bear Club, and my friend Billy had a house with an in-ground pool. So he had a party every year and you can see, Oh, lovely. Right. So he chopped a little hole by the ladder. So we hop in, swim to the wall and back and out. Oh God. A bunch of us did this and kept going back inside, drinking a lot of tequila, a lot of Sierra Nevada pale ale in a keg back then. Oh Sure. Which was like unheard of. Especially in Pittsburgh. That's an expensive keg. We Had to special order it in.


But anyway, got his fireplace going, we're having a great time. We decide, hey, let's go do it again. Hmm. Hop back in. We're having a blast. We come back in, drink more tequila, throw more firewood in the fireplace, and the next thing you know, there's smoke pouring into the house. Oh. We don't know what is going on, but there's about 12 drunk guys. I mean, really a mess. Obliterated drinking this much te tequila and beer. Have no clue what is happening. So anyway, we end up trying to get people out of the house. And of course, you know I'm bulletproof at 22 years old, so I pull the attic open figure that's gotta be where the fire is.


Okay. So I peek up in there, and then the whole roof just starts to go in blaze. Oh God. Oh, oh, okay. So we get everybody out of the house, you know, other than the house burning, everything seems to be okay, but it doesn't stop there. My friend Billy, whose house it is now, back then, he had a Nissan Pathfinder. So Billy said to me, please move my Nissan Pathfinder. So sure I go out there, put the key in the lock, and it snaps off. So not only did his house burn down, the pathfinder melted along with the house. Oh my God. Wait, what ha did the fire?


It was just from the fireplace. I think they've, how what happened? Put too much wool. You tell me. Do we know postmortem? What happened? Well, yeah, we put too much wood in, but he barely ever used his fireplace. And there were cracks in the flu up top. So the sparks were going up. Oh. And going out through the Oh, Attic. Yeah. Holy shit. All the fire trucks show up. Everybody's outside. I see. The fire chiefs suburban and I just crawled into the back seat and took a nap. Oh. Went straight to sleep. I'm done. Wow. Wow. So the last thing I remembered was the fire chief waking me up saying, Hey, you can go back in the house.


Oh. All that was left was the two brick walls on the side. Oh geez. God. Oh fuck. It burnt all the way down. All the way down. Oh, he did rebuild. Every year after that, he had the burn the mother to the ground party. My god. Oh my God, guys. Is he alive still? No. You know what? Sadly he passed away from alcoholism addiction. Oh Yeah, man. Yeah. Years ago. Yeah. Oh, And what's your journey? What would happen with your drinking? I'm very moderate. You know, I like a beer now and then a glass of wine now and then. But that's it. I can really relate to the scene you were at. I was at a lot of those scenes. Oh God. Yeah. Yeah. It was just incredible. When I saw that you guys wanted stories about winter holidays, I figured she can't even look.


Yeah. I mean, the whole house burning down and the car and the car Mounting and that. That was a hot car in the day. The Pathfinder, that was, yeah. Yeah. Everything Burned. I mean, it really speaks to addiction in some ways. 'cause that wasn't his bottom. And he kept going. Yeah, You've lost L material Items. Literally lost Everything. Lost. Yeah. Yeah. It does suck though. I have a son, he's an addict. He's in recovery over in Oceanside right now. He's doing great though. He's doing the steps. I think he went through step eight, finished up this weekend. Oh, that's Great. Awesome. So very proud of him doing that. Yeah. Yeah. Good for him. That's huge. Yeah. But I found out about you guys through Bridget and Crystal, two beautiful souls that are in my life.


They say hello and they love you. Oh. Oh, Wonderful. That's nice. Hello, Bridget? Did you say Bridget and Crystal? Correct? Hello to them? Yes. Big shout out. Thank you for sharing that. Yeah, what a great story. I'm really there. It sounds like a Michigan party or two. I've been to No doubt about it. I appreciate you guys. Happy Holiday. Happy to you. Happy holiday. Thanks so much. Happy holidays. Alright, Bye. Alright. Take care, David. Bye. I love that. The swimming under the frozen. That Was a red herring. It was a red herring. And for people who didn't see the photo he put up, there's just one little hole chopped by the ladder, so they're swimming under the ice. The fact That a hundred percent, someone was gonna get stuck under that. Yeah. We thought for sure this is a drowning story. Yeah. Everyone, the tequila and the keg is Sierra Nevada.


Yes. And they kept going back in there and doing it. Yeah. More, more, more wood, more plunging. More, more, more, more. Oh wow. Wait. More, more, more. I found the artist of your Great Dane painting. Oh. Oh, You did? Is it famous? Christine Merrill. She's America's most extraordinary painter of dog portraits. Oh, That's cool. I I agree with that assessment. I think It might, it actually says her name on it. Oh, okay. I've never looked. Yeah. Thought it was. It's from Baltimore just Now. And it also says the name of the painting, but my Eyes are Bad. Recumbent. Great Dane. How weird that he has the same one. How funny. Must be a popular print, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. It's on art.com. Yeah. What if it's like art.com? Yeah. The dolly like the melting clocks and we didn't know it.


Yeah. Anyway, well, happy holidays to all. Let that be a warning of the holidays that are upon us. Keep your eyes peeled for The whole thing was a cautionary tale, I guess with a prompt like crazy holiday stories. It's gonna be con. It does make me miss Grandma's on fire. Nana's on Fire Story. Remember that one candle? Oh My God. Yeah. That was than Candles. Thanksgiving Candles is a Thanksgiving. That was funny. And Nana was fully ablaze. It wasn't Nana, it was like Mimi or something cute. Mimi, They called Grandma. I remember we've had some great stories over the years. We have these holidays. They keep producing terrible stories. Alright, I love you. Love you. Happy holidays everybody. Happy Holidays. Jingle. Jingle.


Do you wanna sing a tune or something? When it was theme song? Oh, okay, great. We don't have a song for this new show. So here I go, go, go. We're gonna ask some random suggestions on the fly Rish. On the fly. Rish. Enjoy.


Follow Armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Behind the closed doors of government offices and military compounds, there are hidden stories and buried secrets from the darkest corners of history, from covert experiments, pushing the boundaries of science to operations so secretive, they were barely whispered about each week, un redacted, declassified mysteries. We pull back the curtain on these hidden histories. 100% true in verifiable stories that expose the shadowy underbelly of power. Consider Operation Paperclip where former Nazi scientists were brought to America after World War ii, not as prisoners, but as assets to advance US intelligence during the Cold War. These aren't just old conspiracy theories. They're thoroughly investigated. Accounts that reveal the uncomfortable truths still shaping our world today. The stories are real. The secrets are shocking. Follow redacted, declassified mysteries with me. Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app.