
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome. Welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm Dak Shepherd and I'm with Monica Padman. Hi. And Sharon Beasley. Hello. Today is Wild Card. Hmm. It's gonna get wild. Let's see. Yep. They all delivered again. Wow. Yeah. Do we need a trigger? Pun intended. Warning. It is a trigger, right? Because actually there might have been some abuse Oh, Not potentially.


That we talk about. Yeah, we're not sure. We're not sure. So, but anyway, you gotta Listen. It's, I'll just say don't eat when you're listening to this one too. 'cause the last story's fucking nuts. Don't masturbate while you're listening to this one because it might make you go crazy. I, well, Okay. Okay. Alright. Please enjoy Wild Card.


We are supported by Michigan. Ding, ding, ding. Oh, I'm such a proud Michigander. I love Michigan. The people, the nature in summertime, in Michigan, I'm telling you, I would put it up against any place in the world. It's such a beautiful state and it's a great place for everyone, especially kids, to experience all four seasons with beaches, trails, and snow. A stones throw away. What you may not know is Michigan is also a great place to work. You can have a quality lifestyle and a rewarding tech career. The fast growing and rapidly evolving. Automotive and clean energy industries offer opportunities for career advancement no matter what. Your skill level. Plus Michigan offers accessible housing, exciting nightlife, and an inclusive community for all. It's really a one of a kind place. And do not forget the Lakes. Lakes, lakes, lakes, lakes, lakes. Live your best nine to five and five to nine. You can in Michigan. Go to the Michigan life.org to learn more.


We are supported by ShipStation. We love to talk about tech and AI advancements on the show. And if you're still operating your shipping and fulfillment processes with last year's technology, have we got an ad for you? It's ShipStation Baby. Lead your business into the future with smart features and automations that boost efficiency and save you time seamlessly. Automate repetitive tasks so you can work smarter, not harder, and you can seamlessly integrate with services and selling channels you already use and manage orders on one easy dashboard. We just shipped all of our last round of merch with ShipStation and it made Carly's life a breeze. Over 130,000 companies have grown their e-commerce business with ShipStation. And 98% of companies that stick with ShipStation for a year become customers for life. Calling the chaos of order fulfillment with the shipping software that delivers. Switch to ShipStation today. Go to shipstation.com and use Code Dax to sign up for your free trial. That's shipstation.com code. Dax, Come and go. You gotta know.


Hello. How are you guys? Good. Is this Jordan? Jordan Is my husband. I'm using his account. My name is Gabby. Oh, Wonderful. I have a niece named Gabby and a her. She's a real spitfire. Is it short for Gabrielle? Gabrielle with an A at the end. And where are you? Indianapolis, Indiana. You just had the Indy 500. We did. And what happens in town when that show arrives? Can you feel it everywhere or only around the track? Only Around the track. Maybe downtown, but out in the suburbs you're not really feeling too much because It's an enormous group of people. Right. I wanna say like 500,000 people spectate that. Oh Yeah. They were sold out this year.


How many people can that house? Rob will look it up. 300,000? Is that way too much? Oh my God. The Coca-Cola 400. Well, it's not even called that anymore, but in North Carolina, that race I went to, they had 250,000 people. 350,000 attendees. Wow. Three 50. Wow. Yeah. Okay. But do you go? You don't go? My parents go. They have the grandfathered tickets, but it's just not my thing. I think it's really cool that they go super fast left. So you're wild card. So anything could be on the table. My story takes place when I was about 14 years old. I was a freshman in high school and I was taking a jewelry class. On this particular day. We had a substitute teacher, and I remember that she wasn't really like an art sub.


So she came in, took attendance, and basically left us to our own devices. I had a necklace project to do within that week, and I was almost finished. All I needed was some light buffing. So I head over to the DRM tool station for a quick polish, and I realized that I had forgotten the hair tie. Oh. And I have very long hair At the time. Like almost touching my butt. The class had one major rule. If you had long hair, you had to tie your hair back. 'cause we're using power tools. We're using fire, you know, safety first. There's certain tools, like if you're using a belt sander and your hair gets like, not only is it gonna get your hair in there, it's gonna pull your face directly into the thing that's dangerous. Yes. Definitely not that big. It was small in your tool. But I start buffing away trying to be quick and careful.


And someone in the class calls my name and I whip my head around. And the next thing I know, I can feel the Dremel grip some of my hair and yank. Oh. So I instantly jerk the tool away from my head. And the Dremel takes a clump of my hair with it. Oh. Oh. I'm sitting there stunned. And one of my classmates gaps and the entire classroom looks at me in the sub, who was probably in for way more than she bargained for. Takes me straight to the nurse's office. Now at this point, I haven't seen the damage. I haven't touched it. I'm still filled with adrenaline, so I'm not feeling any pain. Did you even look at the Dremel to see how big of a chunk of hair was around the Dremel? Honestly, I was just so like, is this even happening?


That I don't really remember the nurse taking me to the office. I don't remember it actually happening. It was just such a blur until they gave me two Advils and an ice pack. Okay. Okay. So the nurses called my sister to the office 'cause she was a junior At the time. And my mom, who worked just down the road, my sister shows up first totally confused because she has no idea why she was even called. And the nurses tell her that there was a small accident and that I lost a chunk of hair about the size of a half dollar, and then sends her in not being adequately prepared for what she was about to witness. I lift the ice pack from my head and there's a bald spot about the size of my palm. Oh, No way. Oh, the size of your palm? Yeah. Right in the front.


Oh my God. Oh, right. Where you wouldn't want it. So I wanna say that I was holding it together pretty good up until that point. But when she started freaking out, I mean, I lost it and I just started bawling. Yeah. Was there not a ton of blood? There was not. So it was only kind of like prickly with blood from the individual hair plugs, but it wasn't filled with blood or anything. Was lucky is that you could imagine that you would tear off all the skin. Skin it was attached. Exactly. There's so much hair. I will get to that. Oh. Oh, okay. Oh boy. Okay, great. So my mom arrives. She takes one and looks at me and has a very similar reaction. You know, like great poker faces in this family. Eventually the assistant principal comes in and they tell me that I need to go home and that I need to stay home for a couple of days.


If the spot turns purple or starts swelling, that means I have to go to the hospital immediately. It means that my scalp has disconnected from my skull and the empty space has started to fill up with blood and I would need immediate surgery. Oh Wow. Did they look that up on the computer? Maybe they Knew this about these tools and the hair. I imagine they had this prepared because if they're telling us to bring hair ties, they understand the possibilities of what could be happening. I'm Surprised they don't make you do a hairnet. Maybe now, this was almost 15 years-ish ago, but thankfully none of that ever happened. I stayed home for two days and I went back to school and everything was fine ish. Yes. My consolation prize was a handwritten, laminated note that said I could wear a hat for the rest of the school year.


Oh. Which was very special. Oh, sure. Because hats were against my high school stress coach. Yeah. Yeah. We had a protest at my school over hats. Really? That is ridiculous. Like welcome to the white suburbs. But yeah, there was a walkout that was scheduled and it was about hats. Wow. And we were all outside and I joined just 'cause no one else was in school. I was kind of opposed to it. Oh, you were? Yeah. It just seemed like a ridiculous thing to protest. But it's Also autonomy, which you like. I would've loved to have worn a hat. It just felt like this is what we're protesting over. Oh, wow. Okay. So when I was out there in the big gaggle of people, it was just after the 9 0 2 1 oh episode had aired where they kicked out Tori spelling from having drank at prom.


Oh. They weren't gonna let her graduate Donna Martin graduate. Yes, that's Right. So I started chanting Donna Martin graduate, and I will say almost everyone joined in. Nice. And that made the whole thing worthwhile. The best part of the whole thing was the original teacher came back, she put my clump of hair in a Ziploc bag and thumbtack it to the corkboard in her classroom. Kinda like a weird, slightly horrifying, cautionary tale for anybody with long hair. That was the right move. Like this is what no hair tie equals This is a classic final destination plot line. Right. You know, final destination. I don't, oh my God. I'm totally out at sea right now. Wow.


What? What does that mean? It's a movie series where basically all these people die in crazy ways. Like the tanning bed. Oh. Closes on them and then they fries them down. Fries them. The Lumber truck where all the wood falls off on the highway. See? Yes. Every time I'm behind anything where a truck has stuff hanging out, I move lanes Immediately. Move Your hair thing could have easily been a whole final destination. Sucked her whole head off. Yeah. I feel like if I didn't pull it away, which essentially was pulling all of my hair out, it could have been way worse. Like if the Dremel came towards my face, Well it would've, it would've wound its way up to your skull. And then that thing would've been spinning against your skull and ripping all the hair out.


Yeah. It'd been like a chainsaw. Perfect For a 14-year-old to experience. Absolutely. Oh lord. Well, I'm glad you got to wear hats. How long did it take for that to grow back? I Had some stunted hair growth for a couple of years. It would grow maybe an inch or two and then it would just stop. Oh, Were you panicked at for life? Yes, but I also have a lot of hair, so I just parted my hair on the other side and it was pretty much fine. What A good Attitude. Great attitude. Thank you. Yeah. Admirable attitude. You rarely hear. Nice too. But that's a nice too. Yeah. It's Lesson learned. Always put your hair back if you're using absolutely anything. Anyone in the audience that's about to use a dremmel or any power tool. Also being a substitute teacher has got to be one of the worst things ever.


'cause everyone's so disrespectful. That's A good prompt. Oh, substitute teacher. Write it down A wob. Yeah. 'cause that could either be, there was one or you are one. We had teachers written down. But I'll add substitutes. Subcategory. It's so too specific because you don't know what you're doing. I hate to say this to offend them, but you're a babysitter for the day. Yeah. 'cause you don't know what the fuck they're, you Can't teach. Nope. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure she thought she was just gonna come, maybe put on her headphones, get a little bit of work done. And now she's taking this poor girl with a bulbs box, nurse's office, And she's probably like, fuck. I bet the normal teacher would've Not allowed her. She probably took on that responsibility. If you had final destination, she would've been feeling a lot of guilt.


Yes. Yes. Well, Gabby, it's delightful to meet you. Thank you so much. My husband is actually the one who introduced me to your show. Is it okay if I go grab him real? Of course. Give him one of your ear pods so he can hear us. I will, absolutely. Why can't I remember earbud? Because you wanna say earbuds And that's what it is. It's an AirPod. AirPod. AirPod or earbud. Yeah. And I'm mixing them. Or a headphone. I'm smashing. Conflating. No, not conflating. You're doing a, it's a mashup. Port Two Port man. Two Port man two. That's When two words come together I think. Oh wow. I love when you speak French. There's a Baby. There's a little baby in the mix. Oh my goodness. That's a cute one.


Oh, lot of hair. No wonder this is in keeping. This is my husband Jordan and my daughter Amelia. Hi Jordan. Great to meet you. And you Amelia, is she about 10 months old? She's Four, Four months. Four months old. Oh Fuck, dude. I thought you were saying four years old and I was about to have a real panic. No, She is four months. She looks like when I started with Delta, she is that size. Oh, big cheeks. Jordan, what brought you to the podcast? It's not normal that the husband introduces the wife. That's Right. I'm from Gary, Indiana originally, and I have about a two and a half hour drive and my mother was going through answer treatments and I stumbled across to you guys and been listening ever since.


Oh, That's So nice. I've been to Gary many, many times. You must know Sturgis, Michigan. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Every time you guys bring up Michigan, I'm like, yeah, the proper place up north. I'm technically from Indiana, but I like to try to pretend I'm from Michigan. Oh, Good bye. We'd love to have you, Jordan. Thank you. Well, it's so nice meeting you and your family. Yeah, thanks so much. Yes, it's great. All right. Tell Gabby we said thank you. Bye bye. I can't with Amelia. She was so cute. She was. She's just hanging out. When you're four months old, you just hang out wherever they lift you up and carry you. That's where you're at. You're Just squish. Yeah. Gosh. You're pudding.


Hi, is this Kristen? Yes. You are in a little person's room. I have two little people. One's five and one's three. They're both girls. And does five year-old sleep on the upper bunk there? No, actually, she's kind of afraid of the top bunk. So her sister sleeps on the top and then the five year-old sleeps on the bottom and she has a sled. I was just gonna ask. Oh, that's does so cute. Does she depart every morning from bed by going down the slide? Yes. Or she jumps over. You see this chair right here? Of course. Yeah. She'll jump from there onto the chair. She's my kind of gal. I'd love to start my day by sliding down a slide. Yeah, That's so fun. I should figure that out. Had a Little playfulness to the start of the day. Just A little shot of adrenaline to wake you up.


In what state are you in? Or country would You like To guess? I feel like you're Midwest. I feel like you're southern. No, no. I'll give you a hint. I've met you before at Sprouts In Texas or in Tennessee? In Texas. Oh, Okay. You're in Texas. So Bonnie, you were right. I'm a little right or rish. Yeah. About 30 minutes outside of Dallas in a town called Lavonne. Okay, wonderful. And that whole area is really exploded, right? The whole metropolitan Dallas area? Yes. My husband works in Rockwall and it's crazy. Do you hate it or love it? I'm sure it's brought in new restaurants and stuff. I Love it because he's a barber and he owns his own business. So lots of hair that needs to be cut. Well Tell him from Barber to Barber I say hi.


Yes. Okay, so you have a wild card story, which is our favorite. My dad is definitely the star of the story. I love dads. Yes, He is amazing. His birthday is actually tomorrow dingy. Oh, Wonderful. The story takes place in Rollette, Texas. It's about two towns over from me now the year is 2006. I am 16 years old and our normal morning routine would be that my dad would wake up at six o'clock, his alarm clock would go off and it's so insanely loud. And it was always on 92.5, the classic rock station. Oh, Good for him. I like him. So I would Hear his alarm clock going off, but I would just stay asleep and he would come in and wake me up at about six 30.


I'd get ready, we'd be off to bed or off to School. That's what Monica does. Wake up and then off to bed. Yeah. You love to paint a lazy picture of Me. I know. I just made that joke when we were looking at your house two seconds ago. I'm doing what I can with what I got. So on this one particular day, my dad woke up and he just had this weird feeling and he felt like he needed to go look out the front door. Huh. So it's six 15 in the morning and he goes and looks out the top of the door. We had like one of those little half windows and he sees a man walking up our driveway in the dark. Wow. It's completely pitch black.


We are supported by better help. You know, there's still a bit of surrounding stigma for men's health. I think it can. I think so too. Still be challenging for men to admit they're struggling and seek help. I have a friend who just started therapy, a male friend and he loves it so much and, but yes, I think it's taken a little extra long because you're right, there is a stigma, but there really shouldn't be. Yeah. Men today face immense pressure to perform, to provide and keep it all together. So it's no wonder that 6 million men in the US suffer from depression every year and it's often undiagnosed. If you're a man and you're feeling the weight of the world, talk to someone, a friend, a loved one, a therapist. I'm a man I've benefited greatly from therapy and Better Help is a great option if you're looking to start Therapy. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Talk it out with Better Help Armchairs Get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash dax. That's better help. HE lp.com/dax.


We are supported by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform designed to help you stand out and succeed online. Whether you're just starting out or scaling your business, Squarespace gives you everything you need to claim your domain, showcase your offerings with a professional website, grow your brand, and get paid all in one place. Squarespace has been along for the ride with us, as we've you know, first just had a website, then started selling merch and it's grown with us and has helped us scale. If you're a fellow creator, Squarespace makes it easy to monetize your content easily sell access to online courses, blogs, videos and memberships. Start with a fully customizable website and earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. Simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. This is why we love Squarespace. Setting up that kind of tech sounds hard, but they take all the guesswork out of it. You can get your site up and running quicker than you would've thought possible. Head to squarespace.com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, use offer code Dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's squarespace.com and promo code Dax to get started today.


We're supported by Quince. You know when you look back at photos of yourself in your all black punk stage in high school or wearing head to toe nineties neon, and you wonder, what was I thinking? Sometimes trends just don't stand the test of time. If you want an outfit that you're gonna feel great about both now and later, check out the wardrobe staples from Quince. They're classic and elevated, so you're gonna love the way you look now and years from now. And they're made with high quality materials. So they'll hold up for years to come to. I love Quince. I love their cashmere so much. Yeah, If you wanna revamp your wardrobe, which I suggest per season. Yeah. Add some pieces in that are fun kind of just for the season. There's some really good summer pieces, some great button downs that you can also wear by the pool. They have European linen beet shorts right now. Organic silk polos. Stick to staples that last with elevated essentials from quince. Go to quince.com/dx for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's QUIN ce.com/dx to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/dax.


So he is confused like what is this guy doing? And then about halfway up the driveway, the guy starts to turn and goes toward my bedroom window. Oh. Oh. No way. Which is in the front of the house. So I had just moved bedrooms into my sister's bedroom 'cause my dad made these really cool shelves. So he turns on the light and the guy runs away. He then kind of tries to act like everything's normal and he comes and he just wakes me up and I get ready for school. Can I pause you for one second? Yeah. I want to have a little debate with Monica. Okay. So I would definitely go outside and see what's happening. Yay or nay. You know I'm gonna say nay. You're Gonna say nay. I understand why you should, but for me maybe you took care of it by just scaring him.


Yeah, yeah. So to add more chaos, like why? Okay, Great. My dad is normally like you Dex. There have been times where there was a guy following my sister home and my sister called him and was like, what should I do? And my dad said, you need to come home. Yeah. Drive right here. Normally people would tell you to like drive to a police station, but no. So this guy's following my sister. My dad is outside in his underwear with a shotgun. Yeah, Sure, sure. He built his own shelves. I get it. For some reason he felt like you, Monica. Then I just go to school and he didn't tell me anything. He didn't say anything. He waited until I got home from school. Him and my mom sat me down and he's like, I really didn't want you to be distracted at school, so I didn't tell you this morning.


Then he tells me what happened and I'm completely shocked. I am running through my head. Has he seen me like dancing, getting ready for school. He's obviously some weirdo watching me get dressed. He's probably seen a lot of tank top layering at that time. So much tank top layering at that time. He says also, I've looked in the flower bed in front of our house and there's like a part where grass is not growing. It's like a perfect size for two grown men's feet. God, He has been watching me for, Oh my God, very long time.


Oh, This is very You don't the show. Don't the show. Can I make a request from now on in the order? I want you to say, this is very much like the show you. I can't Promise That. Not you. Then the show. I Can't promise that. We were talking for quite a while before I realized, oh, there's a beagle on the ground behind her. Okay. Did You think it was a stuffed Animal? I thought it was immediately a beagle and I thought, oh what a calm beagle. Yeah, I'd seen him. And then you moved your head enough and I was like, oh, we got a second beagle on the bed back there. Oh my god. Did you see that beagle? No. Okay. So I did not see that. I'm now like kind of expecting, I'm gonna discover six or seven more beagles in this Room. Oh my God. It's like a magic eye and start. They start popping out.


Yeah. Where's Waldo? That is lady and that's ninja. There's only two of them. Okay. You can probably hear this one Snoring. I could hear that a little bit. Yeah. Yeah, he Snores really bad. They know that I'm nervous though. They wouldn't let me in here by myself. That's so sweet. So cute. So they sit me down and they tell me this has been going on. It's kind of fuzzy a little bit from that point just because I was trying to absorb all of this information. So my dad's like, we're gonna call the police and we're gonna report this. So the police come. What I remember my dad asking the police officer is, can I put a bear trap in my front yard?


Literally before you said that sentence I, I was like, God, I wish it wasn't illegal to bury a bear trap under some mulch. Then you got 'em. How does it work? A bear trap. You step on the center and then these jaws snap shut and they go into your leg and then that's on a chain. So you can't go anywhere unless you wanna cut your leg off. Oh my God. Wow. Yeah. That's crazy. You just said that. That's exactly what I was thinking about. I kind of knew that you would be on the same page because you're so very much like my dad. The cop said no, sorry. Unfortunately you can't do that because then all of the animals and children in the neighborhood are at risk. There was another, I'm not gonna go down this rabbit hole, but there was another time that he did booby trap the backyard.


Okay. Yeah. The police officer said, no, sorry, you can't do that, but can you give us a description? So my dad is giving the description and it's a very, very short man, probably like five one. And he says he has the same facial hair as our next door neighbor. We need you to talk to him. So the police go and they talk to both of our neighbors on both sides. They come back and they say, that guy's really weird. He wouldn't look us in the eyes. His wife answered all the questions. Oh No. And he was super shady, but without knowing exactly who he is, we can't just arrest him. They're like, we'll patrol your neighborhood every morning at this time.


So my dad then takes me to Walmart to get black curtains because we had realized that there was an inch on the side of my blinds that you could see there. He also nailed every window in our house shut. Then put a fire bat next to each window just in case the house caught on fire. We could still get out. Window. Window. Oh smart. Okay. I love this. About a month goes by and the police call and they say, we caught him. Oh, we need you to come to the police station. My dad goes without me. I didn't wanna go 'cause I didn't want to see him. Spoiler alert. It was the next door neighbor. Oh. He lived so close to us that we couldn't file a restraining order. In the state of Texas though, you can have an order that basically says, if you come on my property, I can do whatever.


Stand your ground law kind of thing. Yes, yes. How had they caught him? Did they catch him at your house or someone else's? So They tell my dad he was doing the same thing to a girl down the street. He's been watching her through her bathroom window and it's like one of those like frosted windows. So he thinks that she can't see him and this girl who is in high school pretends not to see him. Kind of walks close to the window and with her bare fist punches through the window. What? And hits him in the face. He's bleeding. Good For her. Her dad comes out and apprehends him. They call the police everything. It's insane.


Is She a long haul truck driver now? I don't know. Diesel mechanic. My mom asked me, she was like, do you wanna go meet her and like be friends with her and talk to her Form a support group? And I was like, I'm kind of scared of her. Right? What if I get on her bad side and she beats me up or something. But that's how he got caught. Wow. Whoa. How old was he? He had to have been in his thirties. Okay, so not that long. It's hard for you to know when you're that age. Yeah. What happened to him? I know that he's on a registry. I think that he had to deal with some legal ramifications. We didn't have to really deal with him for much longer because the girl down the street, her family made it really hard for him to live there.


They put a sign in his yard. Oh, Okay. Oh boy. Okay. Just a little vigilante justice happening. Sure. Yeah. So he moved very quickly. Oh, his wife been doing what? She feels like she has to defend him kind of. Oh, this is awful. Oh yeah. Like what? Your husband is leaving at six o'clock every morning and then coming back and Do you think she knows she Was asleep? She was a heavy sleeper. He was sneaking out. No, she knew, but she didn't wanna know. I mean, I wonder even if he had like a schedule, if the girls in the neighborhood, like she wakes up at this time and she wakes Up, you know? Oh God, Boy. Boy. Oh, oh boy. I'm sorry that that happened In your neighborhood. I'm really sorry that that happened. I wonder where he went and did you do it again to a new neighborhood?


What I would be thinking if I were you from the second your parents told you that I would be so distracted with literally trying to go through every single thing I've ever done in my bedroom. Ugh. Oh yeah. Yeah. That's all I could think of. I think that that's for the long time. Why everything was so fuzzy is because that's all I could think of. The Innumerable weird things we do in our bedroom by ourselves. Exactly. Exactly. That's kind of universal I think. Is that fucking weird in your bedroom? Oh god. Oh, well thank you for telling us that story. Yeah, of course. Thank you for listening. It's wonderful to meet you a second time and now to chat for much longer and tell the beagles they did a really good job. Definitely. It's so good to see you guys and it's really, really great to meet you, Monica. I love you so much.


Oh, thank you. I might need to get a beagle now. You've really sold them. They're really pretty. Great lady can tell when you're nervous, sick or pregnant. Oh, she's predicted some pregnancies. Yeah. Lola used to do that. Sit on Kristen's belly all the time. Yeah, they have powers. Oh, alright. Well thank you so much. Much love to you and have a great summer. Thank You. Okay, take care. Those dogs were so calm and nice. Those are not like my dogs. I know. I've been looking at dogs on the street, seeing which ones I like, which ones I don't. Okay. There was one the other day. I like really fluffy. So you're looking for something maybe more fluffy. Big fluffy, but can be mean.


You need a can Also be soft. No, they're not mean enough. Well, They bark like crazy. I know. Aaron's dogs, if you come to the door they go bananas. And that's really all you need, I think. I guess that's true. I'm looking for more of a wolf type. Oh, husky. Yeah. I like Husky. Did you see Maru put up a sign with no animals allowed in? That's a big change. They used to be an animal establishment. There's probably a hundred fights. They hated the dogs in the line. Remember? Yeah, I was eating that mustard seed yesterday at the end of my bike ride. And yeah, this dude comes and he's got a pit bull and then this chick comes with like a boxer pit bull and then they're fighting and then they're like barking each there. And then the woman's dog literally pulls her into the street and I'm like, you can't have a dog that you can't control.


I know. And they're both so cr. I know. And I was just like, get them away from the door. See, this is how I feel. Hi. Hi. Hi. What name should we say for you? I'm gonna go with Taylor. Taylor. Taylor. 'cause of Taylor Swift. You Got it Monica. I Knew You would. I love it. Taylor, where are you in the country? I'm Also gonna keep that anonymous. These are great starts. Fake name and fake location and a wild card. Let us have it. I'm gonna give away that you have great hair. Oh Monica, thank you. These are heatless, overnight curls. I've been telling everyone about it. I've Been hearing about this and this looks great and I'm gonna give it a whirl. I like my curls with a little heat.


You're like you to damage your hair a little bit. Okay, so I actually originally submitted my story to the foreign body in a rectum category. Oh hell yes. Beautiful. I was employing some artistic License Licensing. That's what I was going for. Yeah, but Emma's like, you know what, let's just go ahead and do it on the wild card. Wonderful. Nice. I am a nurse. I work in the emergency department. Wait, Have you watched the Pit? Of course, Monica. Oh, Thank you. It's not actually, of course most, you'd be shocked that a lot of people haven't watched it yet in The medical community. I loved it. Such a good show. Very accurate on most accounts. Alright, so I work in the level two trauma center in the emergency department. We get all the good stuff. So the traumas, strokes, STEMIs, if it's big deal, it's coming to us.


Remind us of the levels. Level 1, 2, 3. I think there might be a four. One is the highest. You have to be like a teaching hospital to be level one. You have to have all the specialties. Like hand surgeons. We don't have all that. So we're only a level two. Okay, got it. But we are the highest level in our city. This was a few years ago. It was a pretty chill morning. Not a whole lot going on, but we've received a Pul, which is a secure app where the medics kinda let us know what's coming in. And this was quite a surprise. All of our jaws dropped when we saw what was coming in.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Each Apple product, like the iPhone 16, is thoughtfully designed by skilled designers. The titanium apple card is no different. Its laser etched, has no numbers and earns you daily cash on everything you buy, including 3% back on everything at Apple. Apply for Apple card on your iPhone in minutes. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card is issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


How much do I love dogs? This much you can't see because this is an audio ad, but I'm holding my hands really far apart to show that I love dogs an awful lot. You know what else? I love an awful lot. CareCredit. You can use the CareCredit credit card to pay for your dog's vet care or for your own dental vision and more. At over 270,000 locations. CareCredit offers flexible financing for health and wellness for pets and people. I give it two thumbs and 3.5 paws up. Visit Carecredit.com to apply and find a location near you subject to credit approval.


Today is the worst day of Abby's life. The 17-year-old cradles her newborn son in her arms. They all Saw much. I loved him. They didn't have to take Him from me. Between 1945 and the early 1970s, families shipped their pregnant teenage daughters to maternity homes and forced them to secretly place their babies for adoption in hidden corners across America. It's still happening. My Parents had me locked up in the godparent home against my will. They worked with them to manipulate me and to steal my son away from Me. The godparent home is the brainchild of controversial preacher Jerry Falwell, the father of the modern evangelical right, and the founder of Liberty University. We are powerful men emboldened by their faith, determine who gets to be a parent and who must give their child away. Follow liberty lost on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts.


The chief complaint for this patient was patient masturbating with a gun and shot herself in the vagina. Holy fucking hell. Holy hell. I mean, I'm weirdly not shocked and I'm shocked In the other ones. Based on what we heard, I was like, I'm surprised there's no gun ones Yet. There's more than sexual components going on right in these situations it seems. But vagina. Wow, okay. I mean, with a loaded gun that's kind of a lot. A rifle or a handgun. I was told it was a 38 revolver. Oh Wow. Also a loaded gun. You're obviously gonna shoot it when you're Orgasm Orgasming to height net like you're gonna, Do you think it's gonna be on accident or you think it's gonna push it that much higher?


What do you mean? Like you're about to orgasm and you're just like, you're going and you're like, I'm fucking fire this thing and barely blast off. It's an accident mixed with that. Like who Cares? Yes. So added on to the end of that. Believe it or not, they said a patient has a psych history. Oh, Shocking. Okay. Okay. Yeah. But also her vital signs were normal. You'd expect someone to be like tachycardic, hypotensive. Right? High heart rate, low blood pressure. It was totally normal. So we're like, geez, is this for real? Honestly, my first thought was this is a psych patient, she's on her period and she made it the story in her head. The cramping is the pain and the bleeding. You know, I shot myself. Great Guess We're excited. Right? This comes in and we're all just like, this is what we do this for.


Right? To hear these crazy things. Yes. On the medic side of things, the call was actually originally sent out as patient kicked a gun accidental discharge. The dispatch is constantly setting them notes, right. Kind of updating them, what the patient's saying. Then the story totally changes and it goes to patient was on a trail and got shot. Oh, okay. So medic's kind of like, okay, another tidbit. Apparently the SWAT team was deployed to this house about a week prior, another note that the medic's getting and she's just like, what is going on? Then it comes out, patient was masturbating with a gun, shot herself the vagina, and then she's like, what is going on here? Right. Also, what will be the next update? You're seeing the pattern, the trajectory of this escalating. Yeah.


You're like, what could be next? I gotta give it up to our EMS, our medics. They're amazing. I can't imagine what they do every day going out to people's houses. They're Medical professional, mixed with the police officer where it's like they're entering houses and they don't know what's on the other side of the door. Yeah. So they're telling the medic first she was bleeding. Now the patient's saying she's not even bleeding. Then feels like there's someone in the background kind of feeding her a story. Then the patient's not talking at all. Then there's like whispering in the back. Who knows what you're heading into. Right? So she rolls up on scene. Apparently there is a boyfriend. He's hiding in the basement. Oh, police are on scene, thank God. But when she goes to meet the patient, the police are like, well, we don't really know where the gun is yet. It might be under the blanket with the patient. Medic's like, okay, rips off the blanket, no gun.


Ah. But also no bleeding. Patient looks fine, she's pink, warm and dry. Starts getting the vital signs there are normal. She's like, do I believe the story or not? She rolls the patient. There's nothing going on on her back. She's just like, this is crazy. The patient's not really acting like she's in a ton of pain. So it's just kind of a big mystery. There also happens to be some needles spread around. By the way, I already know she's shooting meth, not heroin. This sounds like a very methy, psychosexual. Bizarre. Wouldn't be surprised. The only thing is though is she was very chill. So a lot of the times people on meth are kind of jazzed up. Yeah, That's a good counter. So who knows? But she decides, you know what? I need to run this as a code three trauma. I can't prove that this woman didn't do what she said she did.


So she loads up the patient. She's on her way constantly assessing the patient, looking for rigidity in the stomach, checking her vital signs, constantly rolling her over, checking her back. Still normal vital signs. And she's practically sleeping the whole way. They roll into the department. We're all just like salivating waiting, like what's gonna roll in the door here? 'cause we're excited to see too. We're not finding any wounds. We're hooking her up to the monitor. We're taking her vitals. They're all normal. We're just kinda looking at each other like, oh, this whole thing was BS and is there a Pelvic exam? That's where we go to. So we check everything else and then the doc's like, I gotta do a pelvic exam. If you're telling me you shot yourself in the vagina, we gotta check out your vagina. So he starts to do a pelvic exam and he did see some blood.


What caught his attention? He saw what appeared to be some gunpowder. Stop It Gunpowder. So we're like, okay, we gotta get this lady to cat scan. Sure. As shit. There is a bullet lodged in her pelvis. It went into her ilium or isum her bone. I Don't think it went into her bone. It was just kind of up in that pelvic region and definitely caused some damage up in there. I would Expect if you fired a 38 inside of a vagina that it would exit out the back or the front. That's crazy. Just got lodged in that squishy tissue. I know, but she did it. She unfortunately had to have a full hysterectomy. She had to have a colectomy. Oh, She did some damage.


But as far as I know, she's alive. We had some major concerns for this patient that this maybe wasn't consensual. Oh my God. Or I could even see it starting out as kinky, sensual, sensual, consensual. That's Newer. I mean, well, sensual is within the word consent. I could see them like some kinky thing and he's putting his gun in her and then he accidentally shot her and then he's like, you gotta act like you were masturbating with this. This is horrible. It's so sad. I wanna not make light. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. But still, this is a story. We've seen a lot of things. One of my favorites was like a DIY cocking gone wrong. Lot of foreign bodies.


Tell me about the DIY Coch ring. What was used That was like a 16 ounce plastic soda bottle diet cut the top of the ring part off and multiple ones fit over the penis, but then the end of the penis got very emus and he couldn't get them off. Sure. It swelled Kinda like my finger with my ring. Yes. Oh my God. So she really did it or it happened? It happened. Wow. Wow. Man, you gotta wonder how many times that's happened. No Wonder she is on drugs, Chicken or the is the situation. If you're sober, you might not end up in this situation. Yeah. Well, I feel like it's mental health mixed with the drugs never leads to great situations.


All this is bru. Oh wow. The idea of a gun going off in my body, But now added to while you're orgasming. I mean, That part seems interesting. Yeah. I mean, if she got there, who knows? Oh My god. Whoa, Taylor, what a story. That's A story. Is this a moment where I get to fan girl a little Bit? Yes, Yes, yes, yes, Yes. I have been listening to you guys for a very long time. I accidentally found you just on my phone's podcast. I just needed something else besides music to listen to with my kids. Another arm Cherry put it as you are the soundtrack to their life, and I love that. That rang true. Oh, That's really nice. And I have to give a quick shout out to my children. They've become quite some big arm cherries.


My 10-year-old daughter, she's obsessed with Armchair Anonymous specifically. That's all she'll listen to in the car. Is it appropriate for a 10-year-old? I don't know. But you know what? We're learning a lot about life together. That's right. And It's a lot of fun. Life is complicated. They need to learn. This Is real life stuff. Right. She's either gonna learn it on the playground, she's gonna learn it from you guys. They're learning about the world they live in, and I don't think that can be a bad thing. This Is essentially a playground as well. You must understand from our point of view, we hear that so often. We don't ever hear that their kids wanna listen to the other two shows that are educational and heartwarming. And my own kids are not interested in Monday or Wednesday at all. But they love, I get it. It's more fun. Wait Until I tell 'em someone shot their vagina tonight.


God, at dinner. Oh my. Yeah. Just wait. And my 7-year-old son, he enjoys it as well. He actually has a suggestion for a prompt. Oh. Oh. He is obsessed with anything and everything. Military. So I don't know if a military prompt could be appropriate or not. I think that'd be great. And a quick shout out to my friend Val. I turned her into an armchair. She's obsessed with anonymous. She's almost through all of them. And then she's gonna start over on just armchair expert. Wow. Who work her way through. She's got her work cut out. She's loving it. Oh, wonderful. Keep Converting people for us. Yeah. Oh, all the time. You guys are lovingly referred to as my podcast at home. Like if I'm talking to family and friends, it's just Oh, on my podcast, this and that.


Oh, we appreciate you. Thank you. You too. Take care. Hello, Mike. Hello. Your little screen that comes up first had the most amount of letters I've ever seen in someone's kind of description. Yeah. That was unintentional. Just stuck on there from past Zoom meetings. Are you in the medical industry? I am, yes. Okay. 'cause you have kind of a medical looking name badge on I'm a doctor, but first I'll tell the story and then we'll kind of go into a little bit about what kind of doctor I am. What a day. This is the sixth time I get to ask, have you watched the Pit? Oh, I love the pit. Yes. Okay. Hit us with this story and then we'll learn what kind of doctor you are.


This story goes back to medical school in 2012. First of all, I'm calling from the upper peninsula of Michigan. Ooh. Oh, Marquette. Yep. But this story took place in Kirksville, Missouri, which is a little town, and that's where my medical school was. One of the great joys of medical school is cadaver lab at our school. We got to start with a full human. Over the course of a year, we take that person from a fully formed person down to bones. Wow. Nothing, which is a really cool and really weird experience simultaneously, but it's just a lot of fun.


They call it our first patient. And so you learn a lot from your first patient, but stuff does get a little wild in the cadaver lab. It's just an interesting place. Yeah. There's a corpse in front of you. In Our room there were 28 corpses. Hey, there's six medical students at each table. And so what we would do is every day we had basically an objective. We have to show X, Y, or Z, whether it's nerves or bones or muscles, that type of thing. So this day was probably about a month into medical school. We were working on the arms and our team was scraping the fat off of the arm. We had an elderly gentleman who had quite a bit of subcutaneous fat.


So it's like everything gets soaked and it's kind of like an olive oil kind of feeling. And then you've got all the formaldehyde. And so we're in the process of doing this. I'm scraping this fat off and I'm talking with my teammates and a piece of fat, probably about the size of a kidney bean, flew off of the cadaver's arm into my open mouth. No, no. Oh my God. I gotta go. I gotta go. I immediately froze and I just went, Ah.


And I ripped off my gloves, and literally everybody in my medical school class just turned and looked right at me. The room got dead silent and I just yelled, I've gotta go to the bathroom. Oh my God. Ugh. I rushed out of the anatomy lab room and just stood over the toilet gagging for several minutes. Oh. You know, washed my mouth out with as much water as I could. Oh, Not enough water in the whole world. I'm telling you. Nothing in this show has gotten me close to vomiting thus far. And we've heard some crazy stuff, but I was a little bit like, oh my God. I mean, that's a rough, horrifying thought.


Yeah. Bit of a corpse in your mouth. Fat. Not even, Oh my no mu, it's not even muscle. It's not pleasant. I came back in the room and everybody's looking at me. One of our professors was like, did what we think just happened? Just happened? And I was like, yes, it did. You know, the rest of the day, having that taste in my mouth, oh, was not pleasant. Oh. Oh fuck. Are you a pathologist? I'm actually an addiction medicine doctor. Oh, really? Love That. It's so great that I got to talk to you because you guys played a big role in me choosing to go for my Addiction Medicine board certification. I was in the process of trying to chart my career at the beginning of the pandemic, and one of the things that I point to that had a big impact on me was the seven days episode.


I'm just so grateful to you guys for sharing that and your honesty. And whenever I have residents or med students working with me, I give them a list of media. That episode is one of the things that I recommend to people. Oh, thank you, brother. That's so nice. Thank you. What do we think about GLP ones? Is that a conversation that's in the mix in your field right now? Is there any curiosity or excitement around that? I've heard a couple talks on it. At the American Society of Addiction Medicine, there's a lot of promise simply because it's hard to get insurance to pay for it. And there's been shortages and it would be off label. I'm not using it yet, but I do have some people who have diabetes and alcohol use that I'm using it for.


It's definitely part of the conversation, and I think it's gonna be a great tool in our toolbox in the future. It's kind of exciting. I'm optimistic in fingers crossed for people who are struggling and newly into it. Just to be very clear, I have no fantasies about going on a GLP one and trying to resume drinking responsibly just to put everyone's potential fear at ease. But I am very excited for the people who are currently struggling. Yeah. Any tool that we have. 'cause as we know, there's not a lot of great options for people. Anything we can do to give people ammunition and finding sobriety is gonna be awesome. Yeah. Well, listen, I'm so happy, Mike, that you've chosen this career. I think we need bright people that are passionate about it, and I'm really happy you found your way there.


Yeah, Thank you. Yeah, thanks. Well, you guys have a wonderful day. You too, brother. Take care. Thanks so much. Those were great. Yeah, boy, peace of dead person fat. Peace Of dead fat. Ooh, let's eat lunch. Ew. Love you. Do you wanna sing a tune or something when it, a theme song? Oh, Okay, great. We don't for this new show. So here I go. Go. We're gonna some random s get some suggestions on the fly ish.


On the fly ish. Enjoy.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at wondery.com/survey.


This is Nick. And this is Jack. We're best friends, ex finance guys and resident nineties experts, and every week on our podcast the best idea yet, we're bringing you the untold stories behind your favorite products. For instance, can you guess which billion dollar fashion company went viral? Thanks to a rhinestone covered tracksuit, or which cartoon turned four turtles into a global toy empire by accident? It started as a joke. Last one, which cold beverage was so hated by Starbucks, they actually ended up acquiring it. Spoiler, the Frappucino. Howard Schultz apparently thought cold coffee was super lame, and then he bought it from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to Juicy Couture to the orange Mocha. Frappucino. Join us every week to learn how your favorite things got made. Follow the best idea yet on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. And you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus. And if this podcast lasts longer than 45 minutes, call your doc.