
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery. Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple. Podcasts Or. you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm Dan Shepherd and I'm joined by Monica Monsoon Duchess of Duluth. Wow. Yeah, that's me. I rolled out a couple oldies. Monsoon. 'cause nostalgia than give Friendsgiving. Yeah, it's here. You like to say Friendsgiving? No. Mons giving. Well, Mons giving is its own thing. It's different than Thanksgiving.


I do a day. Yeah. Where I cook for only, sorry. Sorry. No one's mad. Sorry Guys. I only cook for like eight people. 'cause so far in my current kitchen that's all I can do. Right. You'll widen out the net when you have a full kitchen. Yeah. That's something for us to think about. 'cause then is that just Thanksgiving again? Right? Sure. Yeah. So I invite eight people over pre-Thanksgiving. It's happening this year on this Friday. Oh, okay. Yeah. And well Tomorrow, well, For the listeners it was already Friday. Oh yeah, Last Friday. Yeah. Okay. Anyway. And I make Allison Romans Thanksgiving. Right?


Correct. I make the whole thing. Yep. I already had a big issue with Turkey. You called her in a pinch. Oh, last year I called her in a pinch. Yeah. But this year I've already had a big issue with Turkey. I tried to order one from McCall's. Couldn't get it in time. Oh. We had to do some pivots and squishes and I thought maybe I was gonna have to move into make rattle snake chicken territory. Yeah. But I didn't. I didn't. We made it work. So thank God. Thank God. I know. I'm not even there. So I don't care what you serve because I don't make the list of man's giving this year, I have to tell you, it does make me think of Man's pubis. I understand. Okay. That's man's giving. And then, then we do our Thanksgiving, which is the best day of the year.


This is my happiest time of year. I have man's giving. Then I have our pod Thanksgiving, which is the best secret Turkey. Then I have Black Friday with Callie. That's a tradition. Yeah. Then Saturday I have Pig Day with Jess where we get my Christmas tree. Yeah. It's, that's a tradition's 2, 3, 4. Yeah. Pace yourself. Really something. Pace your self. I will. Okay. Well Bre and I always called it than give and Tell me about that. We call it charisma and than give. That's cute. I don't know why. That's cute. Same way we had the In-N-Out theme song as you know, we would just isolate a part of a word and change it. And that was for whatever reason our comedic overlap.


Isn't That so funny how people build these things in relationships and they don't transfer over. Right. This is the story, Aaron. And i's life like, we're laughing so hard and everyone's annoyed out of their mind. Right. We're just so deep now into these layers. But the things you and Erin joke about and stuff, do you want to be doing that with everybody else and it's just not working? Or you really only do that there? Probably I would Like It if more people have, because I'm having the most fun. No, I don't want to say that. That's triggering you. And I have a lot of fun things we both find to be really funny. But I'm most happy when I'm living in a comedic zone that is unique and novel and, and I don't, you know.


Yeah. Yeah. I like, I Like. It. Yeah. Oh, I just know that I can sometimes spend hours with Aaron. Like just la la you, you know? You know the stories. Like my mother-in-law came in and was like worried. She said it Christian, like, what is wrong with them? They've been laughing in there for, I don't know if she got suspicious. Maybe we were on drugs or something. Oh, that's fair. Given the history of both of us, it's a legitimate concern. But yeah, I Like It. If I could feel that way all the time, I probably would want to. Yeah, that's interesting. Because I don't think so. I think what's born in the space between two people is very unique. I never try to like pull in what it was funny over there into a different relationship. Got you. I remember it being kind of a relief.


So I had a friend, still a friend, Cole Garlic, when we were young. His name was Colon. He changed it. Oh my God. Yeah. And you, you're allergic to him now? Now I am garlic. Oh wow. Not garlic, but colon, garlic you could see on a playground. At any rate, I started hanging out with him in sixth grade and we like to be so weird, the kind of faces I was making in the mirror to embarrass myself. Yeah. He and I would do for hours. And do you know who has it? Lincoln? Yeah, I know. Yeah. You've talked about That. Lincoln and I will, half the time we look at each other, we go, That's funny. Yeah. And It just goes on and on and on. And we love making the ugliest faces we can. Yeah. And not everyone likes that.


Yeah. And so I feel like, oh, this is so great. I got this back again. 'cause I don't see Coley lives in Michigan. Yeah. And it's a part of me that really needs to come out. Yeah. Yeah. That's great. Okay. Than give, tell us a crazy than give us incident. We're using the word incident now. Let's see. Ooh. Oh hmm. If you're sensitive to meat, human meat, you were very sensitive that you can't listen to this episode. For sure. I am not listening. But I don't think there's really any triggers here. It's a good episode. We are thankful for our Armchair Anonymous listeners and our arm cherries.


Yes. Yes. So please enjoy crazy Thanksgiving stories.


We are supported by Audible Audible's. Best of 2024 picks are here. Mm. Audible's curated list in every category is the best way to hear 2020 four's best in audio entertainment. Like a stunning new full cast production of George Orwell's 1984. This is the one I am most excited to indulge myself with. I'm so excited to listen to James, which is a new title by personable ETT that is very, very hot right now. Mm. Well, there's so many good ones on the list. We Love Audible. This is how you go to bed. I love Audible. I swear by Audible. I can't wait to listen to the Orwell 1984 off this list. I'm also doing fleas by autobiography right now, which I'm obsessed with. I can't get enough Audible in my life every night. Go to Audible dot com slash dax and discover all the years best waiting for you. That's Audible dot com slash dax.


We are supported by Audible Audible's. Best of 2024 picks are here. Mm. Audible's curated list in every category is the best way to hear 2020 four's best in audio entertainment. Like a stunning new full cast production of George Orwell's 1984. This is the one I am most excited to indulge myself with. I'm so excited to listen to James, which is a new title by personable effort that is very, very hot right now. Mm. Well, there's so many good ones on the list. We Love Audible. This is how you go to bed. I love Audible. I swear by Audible. I can't wait to listen to the Orwell 1984 off this list.


I'm also doing fleas by autobiography right now, which I'm obsessed with. I can't get enough Audible in my life every night. Go to Audible dot com slash dax and discover all the years best waiting for you. That's Audible dot com slash dax Times. Come and go. You gotta know. Hi there. Hi. Nice to meet you. O What a dazzling closet.


You're in lots of stimuli. Very much. You'll appreciate actually this shelf collapse recently. And yesterday I forced my husband to fix it because I was like, I'm talking to Dax and Monica, I gotta get in the closet. Wow. So it's gotta be perfect. So we're back in tip top shape sphere. We need a hard deadline. Us husbands we'll say we're gonna do something for like a year and a half, right? We're the worst about that. Yeah. I won't say how long it Has Been down for his sake, but it was more than a day To be fair in my armoire. My shelf has collapsed also and I'm also not doing anything about it. Yeah. I'm thrilled that we're back in action here because I like you Monica.


I love my clothes. I want them to have their special space. Where Are you at? It's Eva. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You got it. I am in Richmond, Virginia. Oh, wonderful. We're increasing our callers from Virginia. I like that you're spreading the word. Absolutely. Now, does your Thanksgiving story take place in Richmond? It does. This was probably 2018 and actually at the time my husband and I were living in New York. We're a high school sweetheart, so our families actually all live in Richmond. And so we'd always come home for the holidays. And we hadn't really joined the families together yet for like a big holiday meal. So this year we actually just gotten married and so our moms were like, Hey, we should do one big Thanksgiving meal with everybody together.


And my mom offered to host, which was great. Very generous, Very, our parents knew each other well. But it's the first time hosting the big family thing. There was some pressure. She wanted it to go really well. And my mom is great cook, great host. But one thing I will say about my mom, which she wouldn't cover Your ears mom To admit, but she's not the best when it comes to time management. Oh Sure. It's hard in the kitchen. It's shockingly hard. People make schedules. Yes. For the day of like this in the heaven at this time. This come and that comes out and this goes in. You gotta be organized. Yeah. Yeah. My mom's more like, I've got this. She's not writing anything down. Really. Yeah. Wing it. Absolutely. She always pulls it off.


The guests would never know. But my sister and I, we know we experience it and that hour before people arrive, it can get pretty dicey. So Monica, fun fact. I'm a Virgo too, so knowing this I was like, I gotta keep this on track. Sure. Like I'm gonna show up early just to help her out, make a schedule, keep things going. To my surprise and to my mom's credit, she's got it under control. We've got the Turkey on track, table is set, things are really going well. And I stopped and was like, we're gonna really pull this off without any last minute meltdowns, any chaos. And I'm sure you can sense where this is headed. Can I ask, what was the scheduled kickoff time and when did mom start getting mad at? Good question. Mom started the day before.


Yeah. You gotta start sometimes two days, Sometimes in October. Yeah. Yeah. For your stock. Yeah. I wanna say we're like a 4:00 PM 5:00 PM type of Thanksgiving. Like not afternoon, but not normal dinner time. Okay. So an early evening was the plan. I'm Glad I asked. 'cause I think we generally are aiming more for a two or a three. Yeah, exactly. This was I think maybe 4:00 PM That is definitely not the time we ate though. Oh, Okay. Okay. So about an hour before everyone arrived and my mom was like, Hey, we gotta take the mashed potatoes outta the fridge. She had made them the night before. Again, great preparation ahead. She took them out of the fridge, but the potatoes were in like a cold glass casserole dish. So she's an experienced cook.


She knows like dishes like that. You can't just put them right in the hot hot oven. So she's like, let's sit them out and let them warm up a little bit before we stick them in the oven. The place that my mom chose to sit the potatoes to come to room temperature was on top of the oven, which had obviously been on all day cooking the Turkey, but also we've had things on that stove top all day. We had just taken something off and luckily my mom had walked to the other side of the kitchen to grab something because at least what felt like within a few seconds the potatoes and the dish completely exploded. Explos explosion. Yes. The glass really exploded. Shattered Fuck. Yeah. I knew that could happen, but I guess in my mind I thought it would crack sort of. This was a full, I mean essentially a bomb that Went off a detonation.


Yeah. Oh wow. It was so loud. My mom and I I don't know why this was our first thought, but we both thought someone had like fired a gun in the house. Dad's firing his gun again on Thanksgiving. Ugh. Didn't take as long to realize what happened because there was glass and potatoes everywhere in the kitchen. This is a normalized kitchen, but I'm not exaggerating when I say there were shards of glass every square into the kitchen, other side of the room in the sink. Oh fuck. What about the other food? In the other food? Yeah. Oh, it grenade. We have gravy cooking on the stove top. Completely filled with glass. We have just set the rolls out to rise and there's just a glac char glass. This is devastating.


It's devastating. And of course she worked so hard to like do this on time for all this and it's just a wash. And so we like kind of pressed what happened and then I looked at my mom and was like, are we still hosting Thanksgiving? Like we have this Turkey in the oven. But like that was pretty much all that was left and people were bringing a couple dishes. The things you're looking forward to at Thanksgiving were pretty much ruined other than the Turkey. Oh. And looking back, we really should have called the whole thing off. I was married to my husband, like who are we trying to impress? My mom and I are borderline approval junkie Show must go on people. So We were like, we'll just make it work. Not really thinking through what the next couple hours are gonna look like. So first things first, I call my husband and I'm like, one, you gotta tell your parents like we're not eating at four or five or whatever.


It was like, we gotta push this whole thing back. Don't get into it with them on the phone. Just tell them there was an incident and we'll explain later. And then of course I was like, and then you need to get over here because yeah, I need an extra set of hands on this cleanup. Like this is like a hours long job. Oh. So he gets over there. And then one Easter egg that I forgot to mention, which is we actually weren't able to get everyone together on Thanksgiving Day. This was the day after Thanksgiving, black Friday. So luckily grocery stores were open. So I called my sister and was like, Hey, you gotta go to the store and pick some store-bought potatoes and rolls and gravy up and bring it over so we have something to serve with this Turkey. Of course my mom's listening to me like rumbling, like I can't believe I have to store. Store bought food on.


Yeah. Yeah. Thanksgiving. And I was Like, there's been an explosion. Like, you know. Yeah. We're in a bomb site right now. You make do with what we got. Absolutely. My mom was looking around and was like, oh man, what a shame. Like I have all these extra sweet potatoes and Brussels sprouts I didn't end up using. But those things take so long to actually cook and like soften up in the oven. So we just don't have time. We had 30 minutes before his family was gonna show up. It was Black Friday. I had done some shopping that morning and I had gotten my mom an air fryer and it was in my trunk and I was like, I don't wanna ruin her Christmas gift early, but I know she wants this to go really well. She wants to serve like a full Thanksgiving meal. And we didn't have any vegetables to serve serve. So I was like, hold on a second. I go out in the trunk, get the air fryer and was like, Merry early Christmas.


It's 2018. She's like, I, don't know what an air fryer is. You're early on the curve. Big time. Yeah. I think we went 2020 with our big deep air fry dive. The Oreos? The Oreos wrapped in the cross. Oh, the croissants Delicious. Well this was just brussel sprouts. Okay, Right. Well, But she of course was like, what am I supposed to do with this? And I explained like, we can have crispy, delicious veggies ready in like 20, 30 minutes. Like so we popped that open, we chopped up some veggies and we had them on the table like by the time everybody was there to eat. And of course it wasn't as good as it would've been if my mom had made it. But we have pretty much all the hits for Thanksgiving. And also it made for obviously great conversation over the dinner with everybody.


My mom still jokes that she finds pieces of glass in her kitchen to this day. I was gonna say, you might have been able to answer the conundrum when they entered and you said, whatever you do, do not take your shoes off today. Keep your shoes on throughout the house. Oh yeah. We were shoes on in that house for months. My my mom had to wear shoes forever. It, it was a disaster. Now open question to everybody. There seems to be such a distaste for anything store bought, but I'm just gonna add, I've bought many of rotisserie chicken from my local grocery store. It's so much better than a human could cook. No. In their own kitchen. Now I'm Monica's Rotisserie. I love a rotisserie chicken, but it's not as good as when I make a full chicken.


Monica, Have you gone to Lazy Acres? Yes. You have that rotisserie chicken. Hey, you've obviously never had my chicken. That's fine. But I agree with you. They have good stuff. But not on Thanksgiving. On Thanksgiving. You don't wanna go store-bought, with the exception of some people like the Cranberry and the Jar And Stouffer's Stovetop stuffing, which is not a real product. Yeah, That's man, as We know that Mandela effect, My mom could never, she's like using the old family recipes. Is she drying out sourdough like a few days before? Must Yeah, it gotta be done. You gotta rip it up and then it dries and Ugh, I'm so hungry. I would like to do a side-by-side taste test. Do You want me to make some Turkey legs and bring them?


Yeah. And see, And I guess I'll buy some from the gas station and we'll do a, we'll Do a taste Test Blindfold. I gotta find a gas station that sells Turkey legs. Oh God. I guess I could find a Renaissance festival. Yeah, they're big. They're, they're pretty good. They're Probably outrageous. Deep fried. Oh My God. Well I'm so sorry about this horrible, horrible Disaster. Now did this create a tradition? Did your in-laws then host the following year? Well, I guess we've sort of alternated who's doing it. I have somehow decided that I would host this year. I'm not sure how That's gonna go. Congratulations. I'm like you Monica. I love to cook. I'm excited, but I hope excited. Nothing like this happens. I've really learned my lesson. This is a psa. Honestly.


Can I ask a Virgo question? Do you guys love cooking or do you love following directions? I, I think it's both. I think you like to follow the directions, but you also love creating something and I just wanna like be of service to people. So I just love serving people food that I've made. I think that's what it's, And when they say yum, I love it. I've never had anything so good. Oh Yes. Believe me. That's really What it is. 30% of my self-esteem is based on my spaghetti. Exact same. I Get it. Yeah, I get it. I cook more like jazz improv, you know? I Know. But imagine you've made Turkey, you've made a big cloud potatoes, you've made a sweet potato dish, you made stuffing and you did it by yourself.


And people are like, how did you do this? Can you imagine that feeling? I know, but do, do you guys agree so hard? It's hard to trust the response. It's kind of like watching someone open the Christmas gift. They're kind of obligated. I don't know that you ever get a real sense. You'd have to mic the bathrooms or the car's home. I'm always thinking that. I'm like, well maybe they're just saying that. What my poor husband, I'm constantly like, do you actually think it's good? And then he tells me and reassures me. But I don't always buy it. That's why I always pass on the compliments that Kristen gives to Monica's food when she gets home from a girl's night at Monica's house. 'cause she'll go like, my God, Monica's becoming such a great chef and I, think I better. Tell her that I receive that third hand. Because in person who knows if you can trust it, You can also tell by seconds and thirds How much everyone's eating.


But what if everyone's on Ozempic this Thanksgiving and they're like eating as much as they can, but it's just not a lot Then they don't Like It. Well No, they Now they hate it. I'm quitting. Okay. I can't even use second and thirds because my family and my husband's family, they would do second and thirds maybe even if it wasn't their favorite. They're just that type of family on Thanksgiving where they're really loading up. Great point. That's how the shepherds did it too. It could have been just average, but we're gonna overconsume. It's a holiday so you just have to just go for it. Yeah. Oh, I'm so Excited. Do you guys watch football at your house? Will you watch the Detroit Lions? Not me so much. Okay. Maybe my husband and my brother-in-Law might have it on. I've heard vaguely that they're doing better this season For 47 Thanksgivings.


We've tuned in into Detroit to watch the lions get destroyed. But yeah, last year they almost went to the Super Bowl and they're doing well this year. So Who are they playing on Thanksgiving? I think the Atlanta Braves. First time ever. They're gonna play a baseball team. Hoggle Bears. Oh my God. A civil war. An arm here. It's Rob versus dag Howard De Bears doing this year. Rob, they Got a new quarterback. That doesn't sound like a great start to the They got, well they got the first draft pick. Okay. Got the best quarterback and they're four and five. What's Detroit? Eight and One. Oh Oh oh. I'm obviously voting for Chicago. Yeah. You gotta root for Bear Chicago. Yeah. Yeah. I have to as a payback. I'll be okay with that. Okay. Okay. Well we wish you a ton of luck hosting for the first time.


You're Gonna be great. Thank You. I need it. Let's let those glass dishes transition to room temp up on the countertop maybe. Yeah, We're gonna go ceramic I think. Yeah. Just to be on the safe side. Maybe go cast iron to just really, because that way if it does detonate, everyone will be dead so no one will have to deal with it. That's Cool. That's a like that's a great Thanksgiving silver lining. Yeah. Well thank you guys so much. I know you hear this all the time, but thank you for everything you do. I am like a day one arm cheer. I get so much out of the show. This is surreal. But I really, really appreciate everything you guys do over there. Thank you. We really appreciate you. We can't really believe how much support we get. Yeah. Especially from smart, cute, nice Virgos. Yeah. That's really lucky.


We're critical. You know? I know, I know. Doesn't that much. Oh my God. No. You guys deserve it. You guys are doing awesome things. Thank you. Well thank you so much. It's great meeting you. And I'm glad that we motivated the construction project. Absolutely. We'll see if it holds. Fingers crossed. It would've been great if it collapsed in the middle right when she said that the dish exploded. I Was nervous actually. Thank you. Take care. Happy Thanksgiving. You Too. All right, bye bye-Bye. I really want stuffing now. Michael Voltaggio stuffing. Oh, remember one time I made it and I had to make it in a huge, I didn't have a vessel big enough. And so I used this thing I got at the flea market that is like kind of something, I guess you'd put wine bottles in or something.


I cleaned it really well, but I was a little nervous 'cause it was from the flea, you know? I was like, Ugh. Is it align it with wax paper before I put the mixtures in and mix it all up. Wax paper completely started disintegrating. Ooh. And so and so it was like bleaching in there. No, it wasn't leaching. It was just, I thought I would just pull it out and I couldn't. And then there were pieces of wax paper and I You ate some, Oh, Well. that explains something. Your toe. Yeah, my toe. That's where the fungus came from. I guess I was eating with my toes that Sure, sure. Yeah. Toe licking Good.


We are supported by Amazon Prime. You might think of Prime as your gateway to incredibly fast free shipping on all your Amazon orders, which it definitely is. But Prime is so much more than that. Being a prime member gives you access to prime video Amazon, Music prime gaming, ultra fast grocery delivery, and tons of other benefits. It's a game changer, especially during the holiday season. Wanna get in the holiday spirit while relaxing at home? Press play on a holiday playlist on Amazon Music or stream a festive movie on Prime video. Hmm. You've got an instant ticket to holiday cheer. Sounds like a great night. Another way Prime saves the holidays. Let's say a coworker got you a holiday present and you somehow forgot to get them something seamlessly. Shop for their gift on amazon.com and then use Prime to get free one day or same day delivery. So it's like they were on your gift list all along. So what are you waiting for? Become a Prime member today and get more out of whatever passions you're pursuing, whatever you're into, it's on Prime.


We are supported by Quince. Tis the season of holiday gifting, but finding the perfect gift can be pretty overwhelming for timeless gifts made from premium materials at an affordable price. Quince has your back. Quince lets you treat your loved ones and yourself to quality essentials like their Mongolian cashmere sweaters, which start at just $50. That's an elevated gift at a price that won't break the bank. Or for more winter coziness, try their super soft fleece sweatpants or their packable puffer jackets both perfect For anyone who's traveling for the holidays. Yes. Okay. They also have, they're called ultra stretch point P-O-N-T-E, straight leg pants. And they are really, really great. They're great for travel. They're very cozy Gift luxury. This holiday season without the luxury price tag. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for 365 day returns plus free shipping on your order. That's QUIN ce.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


We are supported by Sonos. Sonos is the world's leading sound experience company. They invented the smart sound system that makes it easy to play anything in any room, which we love. Sonos was the star of our Halloween party. It was, I had it playing outside by the guest house. I had it playing in the garden. I had it playing in the kitchen. Kept the party rocking no matter where you moved. It makes a big difference. Yeah. The sound is so good you, you really gotta take your favorite holiday movies and holiday songs to the next level and experience them with Sonos and with holiday gift season upon us, Sonos products are a perfect solution for that hard to buy for person on your gift list. They've got amazing ace headphones and since you know we are podcasters, if you know any arm cherries in your life Really smart, it's A great gift for them so that they can really get us in their ears properly. Whether you gift a sleek soundbar, a sturdy portable speaker, or our favorite headphones, your lucky gift recipient is sure to be impressed. Sonos has great gifts for everyone on your list, visit Sonos dot com slash dax to save 20% on select products. That's Sonos dot com slash d.


Hi. There's two bucks going on. There's your Ohio hat. So you're a Buckeye. Correct. And then you have Bucky's blanket behind you, right? Is that a Bucky's blanket? You're very astute and observant. Yes. I didn't even make the connection between the two bucks. Are you an Ohio Buckeye living in Texas. Why do you have a Bucky's blanket? Well, I happen to travel down there once or twice a year and every time I go down I gotta bring the kids back. Something from Bucky's. Okay. The kids love Bucky's. Yes. And if you can't tell, the kids made me a fort. Oh They made that. That's Really sweet. They did a great job. They did. I would typically have it in our master closet but isn't really conducive for this type of environment.


It's the bane of my wife's existence. So I was forced to come up with another option. I think it's a better option. I love it. Do you have the same thing now? My kids have just kinda left the fort building phase, but I have such conflicting feelings when I walk into the living room and the entire place is blankets. 'cause I'm proud of them and I am ruining the fucking cleanup. And I like don't want them to make 'em and I want them to make 'em. Exactly. If you could see the rest of the space, it would be exactly what you're describing. Man. Whoever branded Bucky's really did a great job. They weren't bucking around. They did a great, great job. Okay, so you've got a crazy Thanksgiving story and we can't wait to hear it. It takes place back in 2011.


My girlfriend at the time, we met in the spring of 2011. So the first major holiday that we were gonna be able to spend together was obviously Thanksgiving. The relationship was blossoming and we were ready to move it forward and she invited me over to her family's house for Thanksgiving dinner. This is a great opportunity. Show her parents that I'm upstanding young man. I've got my act together and to show that I'm full of dignity and grace. Yeah. A real michigander through and through. You can tell I doozy with it. Yeah. How disappointed was your own family? Because I gotta be honest, when my daughters start telling me like, yeah, I've been with this dude for six months, I'm not coming to Thanksgiving. I'm gonna be a little heartbroken.


I'm gonna be supportive, but I'm gonna be a little heartbroken. Yeah. I mean it kind of comes with the territory. You know, when your son or daughter's found that person, they're not all yours anymore. And that was kind of the first step towards that. So it was fine. They understood. Okay. They wished you well. Yes, exactly. So went to their house, got there a little bit early to kind of ease the nerves a bit. Enjoyed some adult beverages and you kind of relaxed a bit. I guess to preface it, there's a couple different types of Thanksgiving. You've got the more relaxed Thanksgiving where it's very casual, free flowing. You watch football all day, hang out with the family, you show up in whatever clothes you're wearing that day, not a big deal.


Then you've got the more traditional formal sit down meal type. Thanksgiving. That's what I was walking into. So my nerves were a little bit ratcheted up. Yeah. Had you dressed up? Of course, yes. Okay. Okay. So sat down for dinner and it's myself, my girlfriend to my left, her mom to my right, her father across the table. So we're at opposite ends of the table, at the heads of the table. And then they've invited two friends that happened to be from out of town that didn't have a place to be for Thanksgiving. Didn't really know who they were, but they were at the opposite end of the table. So I'll preface what happens next by saying that my family has a unique, I dunno if it's a genetic trait or what, but certain types of food, whether it be like chicken or steak or bread, when we eat it, it doesn't get stuck in our throat.


Oh. But it can give off that sensation that something is stuck. But it happens so frequently. I mean it happens daily. All your family members suffer from this. A number of them do. Yes. Wow. I want to go to your Thanksgiving and just be constantly panicked. I need to perform the Hyman maneuver. Is it like, okay, is It, could you replicate the noise you would make? Is that what you were asking Monica ago? No, no. My friend has this thing where his throat has webbing in it. Is that what you have? Honestly, I don't know what I have. You might have webbing. No clue. That's something I may need to look into, but it happens so frequently. Don't think anything of it. So it's the formal dining room table. We've got the nice cutlery, the glassware, all the foods that you expect at a traditional Thanksgiving dinner, passing the food around.


I'm loading up pretty much everything. I really enjoy myself. Some Thanksgiving dinner, I start my meal, make a calculated move and start with an innocent savory crescent roll just to kind of wet the palate a bit and the ease into the better things. Save those for last. So I take a bite of the crescent roll and immediately I noticed that sensation I was mentioning where it feels like something stuck. But like I said, I don't think anything of it. Oh, What a horrible disease. My panic meter is at a zero. Oh Wow. You're so used to this. I Mean it happened at dinner last night. Yeah. Oh. Oh my God. Oh wow. So I'm then thinking through my options, like, okay, let's move on to some green bean casserole. That's more of a slimy texture to it.


So surely, yeah. That is going to displace. Yes. The crescent roll that's currently lodge sitting in my esophagus. Yeah. And lubricate the esophagus. I mean it's a logical next move. So take a nice bite of the green bean casserole. Hold on, can I pause you for one second? This is such an disaster. Like all the people are making their plates and they're chatting and they're looking over at you and the last thing they're thinking is this guy is in a deep game plan to not start choking. Exactly. I'm sure your face did not betray you. It's not like you were telegraphing all these thoughts. Are you able To talk? Can you talk when this is happening or no? Oh Yeah, I can talk. I can breathe like normal. It just, it's a weird sensation. Yeah, yeah. Okay. I'm a very reserved person and I kind of like to take a backseat so nobody knows anything's going on at this place.


Okay, Sure. Little do they know The green bean casserole is ingested and it doesn't have the relief Ah. That I'm anticipating. Instead of acting as a battering ram and pushing crescent roll through, it is now sitting on top. Oh no, It's stacking Of the crescent roll. It is beginning to stack. So my panic meters now, probably a five out of 10. Okay. Luckily I've got my ace in the hole. It's a foolproof way to clear anything that's sitting in there. The old trusty glass of water that's sitting at the table. I go and I grab the glass of water, take a nice big swig and waiting for that relief. So I can relax and the opposite happens. Instead of releasing all that food that's sitting in my esophagus, I feel it build up in the back of my Throat.


What the fuck? You've got a clogged toilet on your hands now. Yeah. Yes. I needed to plunger to get rid of it. Oh my God. That sensation I'd never felt before and I could kind of hear like a gurgling sound, like a bubbling sound in the back of my throat. Oh my God. As if the water is trying to make its way down through some sort of of gap. Cameron, I can't tell you how much I would pay right now for video of this whole thing. If I had a camera trained on you watching all these developments and just like You keep putting stuff down There. And also if I'm sitting next to a guy who just built this plate and I look over and he is guzzling a glass of water, It was not going well for me. No. Oh, this is a Nightmare. Now. My panic meter is at a 10 out of 10 because I know I'm full blown choking at this point.


Oh boy. Oh my God. Oh Boy. So I am starting to gasp for air. And again, I'm trying to be reserved but I really can't at this point because I am literally choking and I can't breathe. And in between gas, I'm trying to hack up, oh what's sitting in my throat? Oh, this Is such a nightmare. And did you think like, I should go to the bathroom and deal with this or No, I was too panicked to think. Okay. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I sat where I was and was trying to handle the situation at the dinner table, which was not a good move. But my girlfriend's mother came around ready to perform the Hy Lick maneuver on me. She didn't do it and I don't know how she would've to begin with. She's five foot and I'm six two.


So it's a little bit of a height differential. So I'm not sure there would've been much success with that. I am gasping for air, trying to release the food somehow am able to finally hack up what's lodged in my throat. But in doing so, I've kind of upset my stomach a bit. Sure. Okay. And So when I dislodge all the food, I ended up vomiting all over my dinner plate. Oh. Obviously causing kind of a scene. Oh, Everybody's staring at me. Oh this Is awful. You're two three bites in. You just yak like a dog on the plate At a fancy formal Thanksgiving Gold trimmed plate. Yeah. I wasn't making the impression that I had set out to make.


Oh and wonder are people saying like, oh boy. Oh wow. Is he okay? Yeah. Everyone's forgotten your name at this point. Is that man? Okay. Is your guest okay? There Actually was some concern thankfully that I was okay and I didn't feel okay. I was utterly just mortified and embarrassed about what had happened. But they did their best to console me and make sure I knew that everything's okay. Just start again. So I do Start again. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold On. It's outta my throat. We're good to go. And the plate is then removed, the vomit removed and then another plate is built. That part I don't remember specifically. Okay. All I remember is that there is a new plate that arrives.


I Can't believe though, everyone was like, give it a second go. I would've been like, why don't you lay down for a while? Exactly. Let's get you a a protein shake Also, someone just screw up at the table. I feel like everyone would be like, I'm gonna take a minute reset also to eat 'cause I'm not hungry. There was no fear. And there was an eagerness to make up for Sure. Codependency. Yes, Yes. I'm given off a bad impression. I needed to make up for that. I fill up the plate again, I start to eat and again I feel that same sensation. Stop. Of course you do. Cameron. I don't know why you thought it was gonna be different. You're like, I slammed my hand in the car door and and that hurt. So I was like, I gotta slam this thing again. Oh my. Okay. I'm sorry. I don know I learned from my mistake though.


I didn't try to force the situation. Instead I just quickly excused myself and I make a beeline to the closest restroom, which unfortunately was five feet from the dinner table. And so I take a sip from the faucet, try to dislodge it and again I feel it build up. So, oh my god. Now all I think of to do is to just simply ram my fingers down my throat and force myself to vomit. Yeah. Let's get everything out and start all over again. Again. New plate Over the course of probably the next 30 or so minutes. It's a battle between me and trying to get something to pass on through all the while I'm five feet from the dinner table while they're my listening to the gagging and the vomiting that's taking place in the bathroom next door.


What a mess. It's like she brought a fucking rottweiler to dinner or Something. Seriously? Oh, I'm so embarrassed. Like I feel the Heat. Yeah. Yaking that close. I wonder if they were like, 'cause this is so unconventional, right? This is not like something people witness. I'm learning of this condition for the first time today. That's has stricken your whole family. So I gotta be honest, my thing would be like, oh that guy was hammered and we didn't notice. Now he's in there fucking puking. Un control like he must have been shitfaced. Oh see I what other logical explanation would there be? No, like he's Sick. He's a sickie. He is a sick boy. Sick boy. And you brought him gear and he has a stomach bug.


Oh, okay. You thought he's got a bug. That makes sense. That's what I would go to if this was Happening. Okay. Alright. Okay. The story does have a happy ending. I finally was able to get something to pass through. I don't remember how long it took, but it took an inordinate amount of time. Yeah. And later that evening, my girlfriend at the time when I realized that she had some genuine care that I wasn't going to die, I told her that I loved her for the first time. And then two years later we got married and we've been married ever since. Aw. Your children like Bucky's. They like Bucky's, they like the Buckeyes. They like all, So yes, they like 12 point bucks. So now you've been around that family a lot. Yes. And every time they pass me the green bean casserole, it is a running joke every single year.


Yeah. You're gonna live with that till you're dead Unfortunately. But they were able to overcome it. Well I have one follow up question. After you were in there yaking for a long, long time, so close to the dinner table, did you give up on eating that day? Does it ever get to the point where you're like, well fuck it. Oh we're gotta try this again tomorrow? Was I answer that and then I have a last follow up question. I just threw in the towel. I said I'm not even gonna make a third attempt at eating because the first two were such a disaster. Let's just drink today. Now my last question is, have any of the members of your family or yourself gone to the doctor and explained this whole thing and have they ever GAed in your throat? Yes. So it took two more instances of this happening. One was at a fancy dinner with the same my in-laws.


Oh my God. Which was a whole nother story. But I actually did go to the hospital to have it checked out. They do what's called an esophagus where you drink the barium and then they see if there's any obstruction in your esophagus. Yeah. And they found nothing. So I am left completely and utterly clueless to what causes this. But it is a genetic thing in my family. I think you should try a new doctor and tell 'em about the webbing. I think you have that there's almost like little, not spikes, but sort of that grow in. So a lot of food gets caught. Oh. Do you ever get get pills lodged in your throat when you take medication? Actually, no. It's typically like the first bite I take of bread or a meat and then after that the muscles relax and it's not an issue interest.


Ooh. So I have no idea what causes it Now. I almost want to think it's like OCD, like you're so afraid it's gonna happen. I think that did play into it. So immediately after that Thanksgiving incident, I did have a couple other of those instances, but I have not had that since. But when it does happen, my wife and kids know what's happening. Dad just excused himself to go throw up in the bathroom. Ah, so awful. Oh my god. I can see this very much being the system in my house too. This makes a lot of sense to me even though it shouldn't Silently leave and everybody knows what's happening. Well Cameron, that was a great story. Yeah, really good. I really enjoyed that. I'm glad to share it with you guys.


I listen every Friday and I love the Armchair Anonymous. It's a lot of fun. Hopefully if somebody can relate to it, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. There might be a legion of people that are like, yeah, I pulled that at a birthday party last month. I think there's a big group of you. These Stories make me feel normal. Yes. That's the goal. I'm not alone. Well great meeting you brother. Yes. Thank you. This was so much fun. Nice meeting You too. You guys take care. All right, you Too.


Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. Including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


Okay. This is great because people may remember a while back, you and I have debated, which is better. Acetaminophen or ibuprofen. We sure have. So I, for me particularly headaches, I gotta go Tylenol. Yep. But I do like Motrin for muscle pain. I like Motrin. Yeah. You won't even play. I play What about for headaches though? I mean I'm Motrin. You're team Motrin. Just listen To this. I'm just Team Motrin. Stop trying to make me who I'm not The gods have intervened and we have a perfect solution. Motrin and Tylenol have finally settled the great debate by teaming up and introducing Motrin dual action with Tylenol. Oh they did this for us to save our relationship. I think they may have. Why just use one when you can have both The pain targeting strength of Motrin United with the pain blocking power of Tylenol. Ibuprofen is the active ingredient. Motrin and acetaminophen is the active ingredient in Tylenol. Motrin plus Tylenol brands provide over a hundred years of combined pain relief experience in one product. Whatever your needs, Tylenol and Motrin are here to help fast acting, long lasting by Tylenol, Motrin, and Motrin. Dual action with Tylenol on Amazon or at a store near you. Use product only as directed.


We are supported by Peloton. Are you tired of the same old workout routine or struggling to find motivation at this busy time of year? It's time to check out Peloton. Peloton is so great. We all know this. Also, not only is it a good workout, which I did at our friend Molly's house, it's a great workout but it's also like pretty, it's sleek. Yeah it is. It's a good looking piece. It's very aesthetically pleasing and you know, that matters to me. I know, I agree. Well Peloton has a variety of training programs. They got Pilates, 5K, 10 k, half in full marathon programs, strength training, bootcamps. There's so many ways to challenge yourself. It's so helpful to have a set plan. It takes the guesswork out. It just makes it easier to get started on your fitness journey. It's great. And there's so many options on Peloton. So you can find a workout that gives you exactly what you're looking for. How a Workout are you feeling today? Well I gotta tell you, I was recently advised by a doctor to incorporate some more blasts, some high intensity blast that you get the special he, he said look at sprinters. Right? Why do they look like that? Because they're in this really high heart rate for some period of time and it's really beneficial. So I'm looking to go hard, hard. Cool. Well whatever you're looking for, Peloton has the workout for you and they have world-class fitness instructors to push you to the next level. Find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


Okay. I am gonna ask my friend what the name of that disease is. Okay. And I'm gonna tell you a story 'cause it reminded me of it while he was talking. Or do you want me to wait till the end? Maybe I should wait till the end and we'll talk to John. It's up up to you. Well lemme tell it right now. It's very short. So Thanksgiving growing up for me was always at my pipi and grandma's house. My mom's parents at that roadside motel, you know about the Colonial Motor Inc. 'cause they had a big conference room and we would have Thanksgiving in there. And my grandfather, my pippi, he had polio as a kid. And the residual effect of that polio was his throat was paralyzed. Ooh. So when he ate, it was the most grotesque thing imaginable. He would chew his food forever, then he'd take a big gulp of water and then Monica, he would swish the food around in his mouth.


Ew. Ew. Why are you doing it? Because you need to know every bite was like you'd hear him at the head of the table. Okay. And he'd have to like kind of throw his head back. And then the result of all that was it took him like an hour and 40 minutes to eat. Eat. And we all had to hang. That was like the respectful thing to do. Oh My God. You can't imagine how slow my sweet pippi ate and the noises that were coming out. And every now and then he'd be swishing and you'd hear there'd be some of that going on. There was so much action going on at the end of the table. Could he drink? Did he drink alcohol? No. No. It was fluids around. That's what I'm saying. He would have to take a big gulp of water after he'd been chewing forever, then swish it around in his mouth and swallow.


I'm asking was he able to just like drink water normally That seemed to go fine. Maybe some swishing before he would swallow. Probably should have stuck with like SlimFast or something. Right. But he wanted those tasting morsels and all the trimmings. Wow. That Was disgusting. It was a good opportunity for me to do my favorite person. Oh This Thanksgiving, when you get your bird and all the trimmings, remember to hit your knees and thank the man upstairs. Take two, three hours and say your prayers. Same good and same out. Take a couple bites. Hello. Oh thank God. Hello John. Thank God for You John. Good to see you. Monica just said thank God John. 'cause you stopped me from doing Will for Brimley longer.


Oh dear. It Was it one of those things where it was not gonna stop? No. Unless you appear. Need someone to step in. And where are you? I'm in Uniontown, Ohio. So northeast Ohio. Home of our favorite place. Cedar. Cedar Coin. Okay. America's rollercoaster. You know it Well we just spoke to a Buckeye who's down in Cincy. This story takes place in Cincinnati. Oh my. What if, what if John was at This? I was Just thinking that Thanksgiving my sister brought home this guy. Yep, exactly. No, but not to leave Monica out. The in-laws in this story actually lived in Swee, Georgia.


No way. You got us all. Gotta cover everybody. Six Flags over Georgia. Yes. Meets Cedar Point six Flags doesn't meet, it buys Cedar Point. Okay, well okay, let's not talk about that Well, that kind and it's not polite. Okay. What year, what happened? Walk us through it. John 2018 we're in Cincinnati, Ohio. My wife and I got married in 2008. So we had been married for about 10 years at this time. We had children, we had been traveling back and forth between families. My family's in northeast Ohio. I'm about fourth generation from a small town. So they're all located up there. And my wife's family had moved around quite a bit growing up from her father in sales.


So they were in Georgia and my sister-in-law was in Cincinnati. So when we had no kids it was no big deal. Going back and forth to Georgia from Ohio, throw kids in the mix, that becomes no fun. We start saying everybody meet in Cincinnati and everybody's happy. It's a neutral ground. Thanksgiving one year with her family, Christmas that year with my family Flip flop the next year. Nice and clean. Yes. So I have two sons. My sister-in-Law had one son at the time. Keeping the kids entertained during the preparation of Thanksgiving is is not always an easy task. Oh right. So we try to find something fun for everybody to do. My brother-in-law's a pretty active guy. He's in law enforcement so he's like, Hey they're putting in this new bicycle park in a nearby town.


I think it'd be great. We get all the boys loaded up, take the bikes over, keep everybody entertained before Thanksgiving dinner. We'll come home, everybody will be hungry. Great. We've decided on this about a week prior to Thanksgiving. So I'm thinking, alright, this is my chance. Bring up my childhood roots. You know, I grew up riding BMX and hitting jumps and doing all this stuff. So I'm like, dad's gonna rule this Thanksgiving. Yeah. 30 years ago I used to be able to do this great thing. I stopped riding but I was 13 years old so you know, no big deal. I still got it. So I look on my favorite place Facebook marketplace. I'm gonna go pick up a cheap bike, I'm gonna take it down. I'm gonna rule Thanksgiving. I find this nondescript bike for 50 bucks and I'm like, oh this is a no brainer.


And is it a BMX bike? Oh yeah. Okay. It's actually a pretty nice bike, which should have raised some flags at the time. Oh. But I was like, this dude wants to get rid of it and I'm pumped. I'm ready to, you know, get out there and these kids don't know what's in for. They're gonna see it. So we get down to Cincinnati and we have an easygoing evening that night. Wake up the next morning, bikes and everything get loaded in. My brother-in-Law's Honda Pilot and we head over to the bike park. So we get there and as I mentioned, this is a new bike park at the time. So new that everything is muddy. There's no grass, there's no nothing. It is pure swampy mud with beautiful asphalt blacktop track.


So it's a pump track. Yep. Half of the area is like a real mellow pump track for kids. And my young nephew at the time was on one of those strider bikes where he pushing with the feet every no pedals. I'm like, oh, this will be perfect. And then over to the side is like the X Games factor. That's like the jumps and all this stuff. So we start off on the pump track and the adults are kind of standing around. It's my father-in-Law and I and my brother-in-Law and the three kids. And there's a couple people coming and going, but it's pretty mellow. There's not a lot of people there. My oldest son at the time was about seven, and he tires quickly of the pump track. He's like, this is lame. So we go over to the real jumps and I'm like, ho, ho. Get ready.


It's coming. And the kids are kind of moseying around the track. And I'm thinking to myself now, I know when I was young and coming around jumps, people would go over the tabletops and they were getting air. Yeah, hit the doubles, hit the triples. Gotta show off. That's right. That's why you're there. I'm like, Hey, let's back up. Let's let dad step in here. So I'm thinking, this is my time to shine. So I roll up to the first jump. So I push off and go down this incline, and it immediately goes to a tabletop jump. And I'm like, all right. I start pumping. Well, when I was 13, I was 115 pounds soaking wet. Now I'm a full grown man on a child-sized bicycle. Bicycle. There's a lot of momentum.


Your center of gravity has changed greatly. I go down the track and I immediately realize I've got too much speed. This is not gonna go well. So I hit the jump and attempt to adjust in air. And for whatever reason, I overcorrect the handlebars, go at a 90 degree angle. I hit the ground and the front tire smashes the ground and the handlebar goes into my left thigh and crash into the muddy ground grass next to us. Luckily, I had a helmet on. Thank God. I'm shocked. Thank God. Yeah. My brother-in-law kind of wanders over and he is like, oh man, you ate it hard, didn't you?


And I was like, it's not good. Yeah. So I go to stand up and immediately feel blood rushing down my leg. Oh. And I sit down and in an attempt to self-preservation, jam my thumb into this gaping hole that's in My thigh. Oh. Oh, Really quick. So you have a puncture, the diameter of the end of the handlebar. Yes. Oh, Holy fuck. So for the listener who's not been on a bike recently, that's like a half dollar. Yep. And I was so kind as to send some photographs. Oh shit. Oh, it's all those. Okay. Should we wait to look at 'em or no? Should we look at 'em now? Now you Can look at 'em now.


Okay. Okay. It's gonna be graphic now or later. Okay. So I'm looking at a handlebar with some gore. Ew. Some fucking literal meat, first of all. Okay. John, this mic doesn't even have grips on it, does it? It's just got tape. Ew. It has grips. Oh, the distance you're seeing is how far into my leg. It was off. Oh. Oh my God. There's so much meat on the hand. Stop saying meat. Stop saying that. Well, what else would you describe that as? It looks like fucking ground beef. Oh my god. God, There was a bruise on my butt that went so deep. Wait. It went through your thigh and pushed out your butt cheek. It did not go all the way through.


Wow. Holy. There was discoloration. How Close were you to your femoral artery? I know. That's where we get to in the story. Oh. Oh no. Oh my God. I'm gonna stop you for half a second and say, John, I'm so proud of your bravery because to humiliate yourself in front of your children, it's a unique low point in embarrassment. It's really hard to ever discuss again. This is awful. So I awful applaud you so far. So I am there laying in a heap on the ground with my thumb and my thigh and trying to get everything under control. And my children have run up to me in tears. Dad's on the ground, of course he's hurt.


Oh no. Dad's gonna die. Dad's dead. And I'm like, everything's fine. Stop crying. Stop being a baby. Yeah, I'm not crying. There was a lot of things going on, and luckily my brother-in-Law, being in a enforcement had been in a tourniquet training about two weeks prior to this. Whew. So he immediately comes, John Rambo over, rips his belt off, throws it around my leg, and starts cinching up the tourniquet. I'm gonna call 9 1 1. Tells my father-in-law. Keep pressure on it. Are you Feeling woozy? Are you feeling like you're starting to lose it? I was 100% in shock. I don't remember feeling much pain. I was just trying to tell the kids to quit crying and be like, it's fine.


It's no big deal. And being further emasculated by your already cool cop brother-in-Law, who's now saving you on top of everything. Oh, Of course. I'm a traveling salesman living on an expense account with a BeltLine to show it. And he's coming to save the day. So yeah, he requested to use an anonymous name since he isn't in law enforcement. And to reference our childhood. BMX favorite movie was Crew Jones. Is That from Rad Brad? Oh yeah. With the preposterous ending set piece Hell track. Yeah. With cereal bowls and spoons. How about the loving dance scene, Monica? Oh, it's so Monica. The bicycle dance scene is my favorite. Let me, this movie, the studio is like, okay, there's this huge rage among kids.


It's BMX. They need a movie And pause. It's Aunt Becky. Lori Laughlin Moama. Yes. Wow. So they're like, we gotta serve them up a BMX movie, but it's gotta also be a movie. So they fall in love and there's this romantic dance bike scene in a dance studio. And the song is, send me a name. It's Terrible. Send me a name. All Of this. It was in their high school gym. Wow. Oh, it was in the gym. I thought it was. She was doing like ballet and he wheelied in. It was So corny. But we still watch it and loved it. Yeah, we Love it. So Brother-in-Law comes up with the belt, we cinch it off. Everything's great. Father-in-Law has his hands on it. And I'm noticing his hands are shaking, to which I'm like, this probably is a little worse than I'm letting on.


What if You go kids resume crying? You were right. Didn't Mean to gaslight you. This is very serious. Yeah. This might be my last time with you. Let's hug and cry. Brother-in-Law's calling 9 1 1. The ambulance shows up and they have to install a proper tourniquet when they arrive and get me suitable to move. Oh. And they get me on this portable kind of like a wheelchair. Kind of like a gurney. Yeah. It looks like a gurney ish on this picture. And then that was kind of their off-road thing. And right in that picture, I'm getting ready to transfer on to the gurney that goes in the ambulance. So they throw me in the ambulance and that other pictures me from inside. I have the wherewithal to pull out my phone and thank, I need to message my parents and tell them, Hey, Happy Thanksgiving.


So EMT looks at me and she goes, how's the pain? And I was like, fine. And she's like, I'm gonna give you some fentanyl. This is 2018. And all you hear about fentanyl is everybody's dying. Especially in Ohio. Yeah, exactly. And I'm like, well, don't get me too much. Yeah. Because this really necessary. We were so similar in this story until now. No, I like this part that you're aware. Like, oh boy. When she asked me, I would've said, 11 out of 10, let's go. So we head off to the hospital and I'm coherent the whole time. And to the side. My brother-in-law, loads us all in and calls my wife and says, Hey, we're coming back from the bike park. I've got all the kids. John is on his way to the hospital.


You and your sister should go and meet him there. And that's it. My wife immediately goes white off to the hospital. They go, I arrive at the hospital the same time she's arriving. And in her recollection when I arrived, I was gray. She said, I looked like wet cardboard. Ooh. The doctor's like, so how much blood did you lose? And I was like, I failed to measure how many cups of blood I lost. And he looked at the other doctor and she said, yeah, the MT said he's kind of a comedian. Their first concern is the femoral artery. And they're like, holy cow, we take this tourniquet off. Are we gonna lose him? Yeah. And you know, so they send me off to CT scan.


The guy said it couldn't have been more perfectly placed. Oh, Silver lining. So it went in, missed my femoral artery, missed my femur bone. Basically just hit all meat. Oh. Oh, that's so much about, there's that one again. And then basically the guy comes back, he said, we're in good shape. All we gotta do is stitch you up, staple you up. We're good to go. Ooh. And we get back to the house from what everybody tells me, I basically came in, said Happy Thanksgiving to everybody. Went on the couch and passed out. Missed all of Thanksgiving dinner. Yeah. Wake up the next morning in here, way to go. My wife kind of giving me the, Hey, thanks for scaring me to death and sorry. And we're swearing off that athletic activities from here on.


Sure. Repairing the relationship with the children. Doing My best to try to say, Hey, our kids won't need therapy forever. It'll be okay. And my thought the next day is, I cheated death. I'm a hero. Oh wow. What? Wow. Wow, wow, wow, Wow. You really flip the coin. So I'm thinking, I am gonna take these handlebars and I'm gonna have to mount them in some place and be like, you know, look at these. And my wife's like, I want nothing to do with this bike. I want this bike out of here. I don't want to ever see it again. On the way home, I list the bike for sale on Marketplace. And two days later I get a message and the guy's like, that bike looks a lot like my bike. And he is identifying some of the key components of the bike. Come to find out this flipping bike has stolen.


Oh, no curse From the jump. Been inside my body And Oh Wow. And I'm like, dude, I don't even want any money for it. Take it. And my brother-in-law called him right away when I got off the phone with this guy and gave him his bike back. And he's like, well, did you tell him what happened? And I was like, no, no. I left that part out. Sure. He doesn't really need to know that. He doesn't need to know it's full of meat. It had been through a lot in the time when it was out of his possession, He probably was like, this is so weird. This guy was clearly keeping the bike in his kitchen and he was making hamburgers and the bike fell over into the ground round and he didn't clean it up. What a jerk. That's probably what he thought. Oh, Gross.


When I got back to work after Thanksgiving, I was sharing the photos and the story with everybody at work, and I gained the kind nickname of meat plug from all the loving coworkers. You'd think you'd hear more meat stories on Thanksgiving, but Well, I guess in that way it is ran. Wow. John, what a great dad story. That's a real dad story. Classic. Dad. Moms aren't ever going like, I'm gonna show them how good I was at 15 at this thing. No. Doesn't really happen. They're A little too wise, I think. Do you have a moment for me to invite my better half to say hello? Of course. This is my wife Lindsay. Hi Lindsay. Hi. Nice to meet you.


Did you find that retelling of the story? To be honest, did you agree with most of what you heard? 100%. Every time he retells it, I automatically get sick to my stomach and wanna cry because it was literally the worst day ever. Aw. Yeah. I'm sorry you went through that. Yeah. That's not the ideal Thanksgiving. No, No, not at all. So now we just take it easy on Thanksgiving. We don't go anywhere. Lesson Learned. We Chill. Ride the couch, eat some food. That's right. Watch the football. Not a time to be a hero. Nope. Not at All. That's 4th of July in fireworks. Oh God. No. That's when a dad should get into hero mode. Don't Pass that along. Well, thank you guys so much. Yeah, Nice to meet you. Lovely meeting you.


Nice to meet you too. All right. Bye. Take care. Happy Thanksgiving. Thanks. You too. Well thank you John. That was great. Thanks for Chatting with us. We appreciate it. Long time listener. Happy to be here. Okay, wonderful. Well have a great Thanksgiving and take it nice and slow and back it down from there. Will do. Alright, take care. Thanks guys. Bye. Wow. Wow. Wowy. Wow. Dad, Your dad never pulled any of that kind of shit. No. No. That's why I think saying dads in general, maybe not men. Men, sure. But dads, they're trying to impress their kids back to Pip and my Thanksgiving. The other thing that would happen is we would play football on Thanksgiving.


Sure. That's a big tradition for people. Yeah. Yeah. The roadside motel had a huge field in back and we would all play. It was generally snowing and it was cold. And yeah, uncles and grandparents, they went too hard. There was generally injuries. Wow. 'cause you're trying to be your 20-year-old self where you played football every day and now you play once a year on Thanksgiving when there's snow on the ground. Well It's like when you guys play volleyball. Yeah, volleyball. Very similar. Similar. Or roller skating. You guys are all like really limping around. Yep. Takes us out for a bit. Okay, let's talk to Nicole. Hi there. Hi. How are you guys? It's so good to see you. Well it's wonderful to see you. Where are you? I am on a ship in the middle of the Pacific Ocean right now.


No Way. You're on a cruise or a No. Wanna see. This looks more like a military situation. I'm on a research ship. What? This is so cool. Research Ship. Oh. Oh my God. What if we saw a whale leap out of the water? We're Like really far away from everything. We are 1500 miles from Hawaii, southeast, basically right on the equator. Oh my gosh. This is so exciting. What are you researching? So We're all physical oceanographers. So we study currents and internal waves and mixing in the ocean. On this trip there's something called tropical instability waves at the equator. Ooh. If you Google image it, you can see these swirly features right at the equator.


Do you wanna know how they work? Yes. Yeah. Does that have something to do with the hemispheres? Tell me. I'm not gonna guess. At the equator, there's currents that are going in different directions. So right at the equator in the Pacific, you've got water that's moving westwards. So towards Indonesia, but then right north of it. And then also below it like deep, the water's going the opposite direction towards South America. But also right at the equator you get this thing called upwelling where there's like cold water that comes Oh wow. To the surface. So now imagine you've got a jet of cold water going one way and warm water on the sides. And so creates this sheer and it makes all these cool Big Eddy features. And we're basically interested in what that does to the ocean and mixing and the climate.


Wow. Does El Nino come from there? It's kind of everywhere, but yeah. You often hear about the Equatorial Pacific and these features show up during La Nina years more. And we happen to be in Alan Nina year. And how Will you, life is so cool. How long will you be on this boat? And do you ever freak out at all that you're so far from land? Sometimes I freak out a little. On this particular cruise I had to get an emergency root canal. Ooh. Like the day before. Ooh. So I was a little freaked out that something would get infected and we're six days from land. Yeah. Oh God, That's scary. Six days from land. Yeah, I hated that sentence. But generally I have the utmost confidence in the crew and everyone knows what they're doing.


And then last question about this. How long will you be out on this particular research project? About a month. We left on election day November 5th. We'll be back December 8th. Wow. Wow. So you'll be having Thanksgiving at sea. I will Be having Thanksgiving it. Okay. Alright. So hit us with your crazy Thanksgiving story. Okay. So this Thanksgiving was back in 2007. I am a senior in college at uc. Santa Barbara. Oh, Oh IV DP Halloween. Women In I La Vista. Exactly, baby. The day before Thanksgiving. So ordinarily I'd be driving up to my parents' house in the Bay Area, like a five hour drive.


But I had a physics lab in the afternoon. Oh, on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving. That's rude. Yeah. That is rude. It was so Rude. I was like, okay, I'll just wake up super early the next morning, get on the road at 5:00 AM It was kind of weird because the whole town is shut down. Ula Vista's a college town. Right. So everybody is gone for Thanksgiving. The 24 hour burrito place is closed. But I was like whatever. This is great. It's been a long quarter. I'm exhausted. It'll be so nice to like have an early night. So I packed my car ahead of time. I set the coffee maker, I set my alarm clock on my flip phone and stuck it outside my bedroom, just in the hallway.


So I'd have to get up and get going. Wow. The next morning we'll switch perspectives to my parents' point of view. My dad wakes up at six or six 30 and hasn't heard from me yet. But he is like whatever. She just either didn't text or she's still sleeping. 'cause he knows that it can take me like a minute to wake up. It takes me a while to become a human in the morning. Very recently, I'd say in the last year or two, he is finally learned that he shouldn't approach me before I've metabolized some coffee in the morning. Sure. Yeah. Because he's just setting himself up for rejection. I live with you, so Yeah, I'm very familiar with this. Yeah, I bet. But once I've had my coffee and I like sat for a while, then you can come in and you'll get a nice reciprocated hug. It'll be great.


My mom wakes up at eight and she's like, did you hear from Nick? Is she on the road? And he's like, no, I haven't heard from her. And she's like, what? She was supposed to start driving three hours ago. That's kind of weird. It's Thanksgiving. She was excited to come start cooking and she starts calling me and I don't answer. And she texts and I don't answer. And then she's like freaking out because she was not really happy with the fact that I was gonna be totally alone the night before. She was a little freaked out that it was gonna be this ghost town. Oh. And she starts tracking down some of my housemates phone numbers to see if she can get in touch with me. And through talking to them, they find out that one of my next door neighbors stayed in town the night before too. So give her a call and she comes over and knocks on my door to see if I'm there and doesn't hear anything.


So now my mom's really freaking out. Your car Was still there. I assume Car was parked in the back. Oh, she decides to call campus police. And she's like, I know it's way too soon to be putting out a missing person's report, but I'm just wondering. And I think because they're campus police and I live a block from campus and there's nothing happening on campus, they agreed to go check on me. And they start asking my mom all these questions like what kind of car does she drive? Has she been depressed or just like not really herself lately has she started seeing anybody new? Anything out of the ordinary. And my mom's just coming up with all these scenarios in her head like, what happened? So they come over and start pounding on the door.


Nothing, start like shouting my name, nothing. And eventually fry open the living room window. I live on the second floor because they have to like go over the rail and open the window and they come in and find my bedroom. And this is where I reenter the story because I just woke up to two cops standing in my doorway. Nicole, are you Nicole? Oh my God. My initial reaction is the house is on fire and I look over and I see that it's nine 30 in the morning and I'm just like, shit. Four and a half hours past your loss. Yeah. Half hours. Whoa. And I just immediately know as they're saying, your mom's really worried about you.


I'm just like, yeah, I bet. I like specifically remember this feeling of trying to be respectful and sit up. 'cause these guys have gone out of their way to wake me up, which is not part of their job description, I don't think. Yeah. Yeah. But I was like wearing this shirt, but I knew just totally fell and exposed me. So I was just like, I can't get up. So I'm just lying there like, thank you, I'm so sorry. And they just kind of like shuffle out. And I go and pick up my phone and there're 37 missed calls and texts. And so I immediately call my mom and she tells me this whole story. And it, at first I'm like, my phone like must not have been on. But then I'm like, no. But that doesn't explain the banging and yelling of my name.


I just, I'm a really excellent sleeper. I'll say. Wow. Yeah. I couldn't even go two hours past a known wake up time, much less four. And then people banging and then presumably, was your alarm going off in the hallway? Right? It wasn't going off. No. I think it was one of those things where it just goes off for a minute and then you're on your own. Okay. It gave up at some point. It was a Flippy I think. So it was 2007. Technology I would've guessed too. Maybe. you said it for pm. That's a mistake I make occasionally. I make that as well. Yeah. It's an easy mistake. That's why my phone's always on military time. Oh yeah. Oh, to prevent that Dad, that's a smart move. So did you get in the car at nine 30 all panicked and then race home?


Did you make it? Yeah. And I'm so anxious the whole time. Yeah. I made it for Thanksgiving, but I felt so bad 'cause I was like, I was supposed to help hook, not just like roll In. And when you got there, did they go, Nick, are you using drugs? Were they perplexed by this enormous sleep in? My mom did say when I called her on the road, I was like, mom, they looked really mad. And she's like, well they probably thought you were on drugs. Oh, nobody can do that. But no, they know me. I've never consumed any drugs in my life. Wow. I was just really good at sleeping. Did You have a flu shot the day before? M thinking that it was like, you know when you're at the end of the semester and you're like in finals week and you're just pushing through, pushing through, and then the second your last final ends and you're so excited to go on break, you just get sick.


Yes. Yeah. I'm thinking it was that phenomenon. I think it was that. Plus this is the fault of the physics lab. Is that what it was? The physics We gotta in the physics lab. Yeah. Although I'm gonna now say I resisted the urge to tell you at the beginning of this story, but you and I are so opposite. So I would never choose to wake up super early to do a drive. I'd way rather drive at night. I would've definitely left the night before so I could wake up at home and all this. I'm definitely morning. My brain kind of stops working at some point in the evening. And Like It doesn't make sense for me to push on. I'd rather wake up at 3:00 AM Which means seven 30 with your conversion. Exactly. Exactly.


Yeah. Oh, your poor mother Thanksgiving, she had four hours of thinking you were, well no. That's scary. No, she only had an hour. They will give at nine 30. That's a long hour and a half. She Was clearly mad. But you can't really be mad at somebody for being unconscious. So there's like nothing to really Do About that. You just gotta be mad at your husband at that point. That's the time to turn it. You Transfer. Oh my God. Oh well Nicole, I'm glad. I'm glad You Survived that. I'm glad you survived your nap, I guess is the Thank you so much. That's really kind. You needed the sleep. Come on guys, everyone get off my back. Women Need a lot of sleep.


That's The thing is you guys are acting like nine 30 so crazy. Well, It's not crazy unless you've set your alarm for five, right? That's true. That's True. Yeah. And you went to bed at nine. Remember one time though, the night I got my Covid booster at like 1130. I woke up to banging and you were at my door. Do you remember that? Oh, You Don't remember. But a bunch of people, bunch of people were calling texting. Was this when you also had the broken TV on your ground? That was a different time. Oh, Jesus Christ wouldn't have another false alarm. Everyone was panicked. Yeah. But eventually, I guess I heard the door banging, but I probably wouldn't have if I wasn't already coming out of sleep.


Or like Maybe. you were coming out of it at nine 30 when You're in that deep sleep REM cycle. Yeah. Rem maybe. Dax, you just never reached. I think that is the case. Yeah. I don't think I'm ever there. I'm waiting to be attacked. Tough. Oh, well Nicole, thanks for telling us that story and I wish you guys a wonderful, is there a good Thanksgiving plan for the ship? There's three cooks on board that keep us very happy every day and I'm sure they'll have something special for Thanksgiving. Oh, How about drinky Poo? Is there drinky poo on the boat? There's none on the boat. Okay. None on us research vessels. I've worked on a British vessel a couple years ago and you were allowed two units per day.


Oh, interesting. Which were like the equivalent of like a three or 4% beer probably. All Right, cool. Well, Nicole, thank you so much for telling us that story. It was great to meet you. Yeah, You too. Take Care. Wow, man. We just talked to somebody on a research Trip. That was cool. Very, her internet was banging too. I know. We talked to a lot of home dwellers For all these people who act like their internet's bad. It's like our boat lady had great internet. She's 1200 miles from land. Yeah, she had still her Internet. No more excuses guys. Okay. Happy Thanksgiving. Oh, oh yeah. Happy Thanksgiving. Wait, Do you wanna say anything else? No, it's more of a downer. I was thinking I've missed a couple things, but it wasn't because of sleeping in, you know, it was because of addiction.


I showed up way too late to Christmas Eve one year and I missed my birthday one year. Well, At least it was your birthday. Yeah, but it was rough because the messages were like, happy birthday buddy. Oh, and Then the next message, what do you mean? You slept through the whole day? Yeah. Oh yeah. I probably went to bed at like nine in the morning on the morning of my birthday at Aaron's house. And then the messages went from Happy Birthday to Are Okay. Where are you? Yeah, it was bad. I'm glad you're sober. Me Too. Happy birthday, happy Thanksgiving birthday. I love you. I love you. Do You wanna sing a tune or something? When it a theme song? Oh, Okay, great. We don't have a song for this new show, so here I go, go, go.


We're gonna some random questions on the fly. Enjoy.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hello ladies and germs, boys and girls, The Grinch is back again to ruin your Christmas season with Tiz The Grinch Holiday podcast. After last year, he's learned a thing or two about hosting and he's ready to rant against Christmas cheer and roast his celebrity guests like chestnuts on an open fire. You can listen with the whole family as guest stars like John Ham, Brittany Broski and Danny DeVito. Try to persuade the mean old Grinch that there's a lot to love about the insufferable holiday season. But that's not all. Somebody stole all the children of who's letters to Santa and everybody thinks The Grinch is responsible. It's a real whoville who done it. Can Cindy Lou and Max help clear the Grinch's name? Grab your hot cocoa and cozy slippers to find out. Follow tis The Grinch holiday podcast on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Unlock weekly Christmas mystery bonus content and listen to every episode ad free by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Spotify or Apple Podcasts.