
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple. Podcasts Or. you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome. Welcome Welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm Danica Madan. I can't. It's New And. It's not working. Danica Monica. No, no. it was Dan Monica. Yeah, it was Dan Monica. Yeah. Fuck. We gotta scrap that one. The prompt for this one is tell us a crazy church story. These were good. We got an array. We certainly did. You would think church stories would go a certain way. And this one really spans the globe in a fun way.


Churches can be wild And. it ends really sweetly. It ended really nicely. It truly did. I know. I remember being super touched at the end of that. I came inside and told everyone in the house that story. it was very sweet. Yeah, it was. But there's some rough ones before that. So don't get too horny. For the sweetness coming your way, please enjoy crazy church stories.


We are sponsored by Audible. A great story can really spark your imagination. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. There's more to imagine when you listen. I live for Audible, as you know. Every single night I'm listening to Audible before I go to bed and just slowly educating myself without any effort. Sometimes I like having it in paperback and listening to it at the same time. On Audible. Yeah, so I can go back and forth. I am currently listening to the entire works of Doky, and it's gonna take me quite a bit of time to go through 'em all. and I Can't Wait. And as an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. New members can try Audible for free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash dax. Or text Dax to 500. 500.


We are supported by Macy's. Wanna hear two words that no longer have a place in my life? Uncomfortable pants? I have officially retired the stiffest pairs from my closet and practically live in active wear these days. If you're ready to upgrade your closet for fall, Macy's has you covered with an incredible selection of gear from top brands, including Nike, Adidas, Reebok, and more. Whether you wanna stand out at the gym or simply stay comfortable while running errands, Macy's has the perfect activewear to keep you looking stylish and feeling great. Shop now at macy's dot com.


Come and go. you know Hi, there is this Evie. Evie. It's my dog's name. Evie. Evie. That makes more sense than Evie. I have to go undercover for this. Oh, okay. Great. That's a good start. Where are you at? I also feel like I can't tell you that. Great. Got it. Because don don't wanna give it away. I also considered doing a incognito voice. Oh. To go undercover. I was gonna do IO work at bag at church.


Oh. Made Of mistakes. Thought. Oh, the robot was gonna join us. How fun. I used to work at a mega church. Oh my God. Because they're human. They make lots of mistakes. That Was really good. But also, I feel like the robot would get somehow like Sucked into the mega For sure. Yes. Because that's where a good boy would go. It's where real boys go. Yeah. Okay. Well, with however many details you can give us, set up the stage for your crazy church story. Okay, so this was two years ago, and I worked for an evangelical multi-site, mega church. So these productions every Sunday had insane production value.


Full LED walls, lighting rigs, the fog, the band pyro, everything. Every single Sunday, Just like righteous gemstones. That show is a little too close to, Which is so upsetting. 'cause that show is so absurd. Yes. That the fact that it's actually close to home is upsetting. That show is so amazing. Yeah. but Yeah, so this Sunday was an extra big production. It wasn't Christmas, it wasn't Easter, but it's something that we celebrate every year. My job on this Sunday was to be in charge of having a whole bunch of kids join in the intermission show. So I was working under that site's stage manager. She said, have the kids go here, run through the audience, throw out some beach balls, go down on electric scooters with some Stuff.


Oh my God. Oh my God. They're playing like Dua Lipa in the Beatles. But At the end, we were all supposed to gather in front of the stage lock arms, and then like sway to the end of the song. And then at the very end, they were gonna do this giant hit with all the kids cheering the drum going crazy, the lights, the fog, the beach balls, everything Really quick. Were the kids gonna rehearse and all? Or they would be pulled out of the audience and just expected to somehow know how to do all this. The stage manager ran through it with me, and it was my job to just tell them, when these kids showed up, I'm gonna tell you when to go, but this is what you're gonna do. No rehearsal. No, I was gonna do it with them. So that would kind of help. They could watch me if they needed.


And so our cue starts go and they start playing the Beatles song and me and all the kids, we run out, we hit the beach balls and all the little kids line up in the front of the stage, And. we lock arms, And, we start sweating to the Beatles song, And. it gets to the very end of the song. And then all of a sudden I feel this really hard force hit the back of my head. Oh. And my hearing just kind of goes. I can feel my head start to get really hot and I turn around and I just see confetti falling. I had been shot in the back of a head with a confetti canon. Oh No.


I'm like, the scaffolding fell on her I. Know the stage. Oh my. You were blasted with a confetti cannon. Yes. And that's exactly the language I used when I ran to the back of the auditorium. I didn't know what to say, so I was just yelling at my boss, holding my head. I got blasted. I got Blasted. I can't hear anything. I got blasted. Of course they're laughing because that's a ridiculous statement. I was like, no, I can't hear anything. I got shot with the confetti cannon. Oh, at A Church. How do we end up here? Yeah, exactly. I know. I'm like 22 and you know, 22 year olds, they're like, whatever. It's fine. I wanna stay in the game. So I'm trying to act normal and do the rest of my job.


But time just kind of started moving slower. Oh. And my head starts hurting and getting all red and bruised. And so at that point, I was like, maybe I have a concussion. Whatever, God will save me. I'll just go into like a quiet room by myself in the dark and sit for a couple minutes. But as soon as I got in that room, the act was up. I called my dad and I was like, dad, I got shot In the head. Oh, And, it hurts really bad. Oh my God. Shot in the head. I had a concussion. So my thought wasn't in my dad's best interest. This is worse than your injury. What you just did to your dad. I'm so sorry dad. But I explained what happened. I feel bad laughing. What else can you do?


I know. Yeah. So my dad was obviously very angry that I had been put in this position. It could have been one of the kids even Might have ripped the kid's head off a little one. I. Know. He was like, you need to go to the emergency room and they actually need to check you out. And it was a rough like year after that that I had symptoms from the concussion. Really? Like headaches and stuff? Yeah, Headaches and just stimuli. Sensitivity. I would get super bad migraines, but like the weird thing was that my car sickness was so bad. Oh, you almost had like vertigo or something? Yeah. Yeah. And whiplash from getting shot. it Was fourth of the cannon. I asked someone that works for a fireworks company near us. What one of those shoots out?


And they said it can shoot up to 1800 PSI out of those industrial confetti cannons. I mean, I was like a foot away from it right into the back of my head. Are you still affiliated with that church? No. No, no, no. Was your dad affiliated with the church? No. I could imagine being like, get, just Get away from there. Get Outta here and don't ever go back there. I do wanna add a counterpoint as much as I'm laughing at it. Also, it sounds really fun. Like the show you just described, That might be part of the problem. Yeah. When you're part of that church culture, it's a lot of codependency and being a good girl. And so it was hard for me to learn to advocate for myself and for my boundaries. and I would definitely listen to Taylor Swift to like hype me up to hell Yeah.


And stuff. But I did end up suing them. Okay. Alright. Great. I like that. I like that for you. Yeah, I Do. They have a lot of money. Those churches, There's sparing no expense on the pyrotechnic display. We know I know that. That's true. That is true. That's probably a big hemorrhage on the Wow. Final. Well, that was great. Wow. I'm gonna promise you the first person I've ever met that this happened to you. It's exciting to do something original like that. Yeah. Well lovely meeting you. Thanks for telling us that story. For sharing. Yeah. Nice to meet you guys too. Thank You guys so much. All right. Take care. Bye. See ya. We have so many young arm cherries. I think it's like you. It's me.


Well, must be. No, no, no. I meant it was so endearing. I was in New York and I was walking down the street and this girl shouted it at me across the street, ran over. She said she had the same birthday as me. And I was like, oh my God. Happy belated birthday. How old did you just turn? And she said 23. Wow. I think I like deer in the headlights. Her. It's 2001. Ah. It just felt 2001. Wow. Really? Very, very young. Calvin's seven. He listens though. Wow. Dude. How old do you think our youngest actual listen is not their parents. Calvin are playing it, but that they seek it out themselves. There's no parent involvement. They have it on their little iPad.


Yeah. Boy that's, that's really quite hard to imagine. I think my kids are too young for it. Anytime there's an actual guest, they think they might really like I did it with Kiwan and Lincoln just now can appreciate it. Delta still. It is so boring. Talk radio. You gotta Be, radio I will be like at least 15. I just imagine a 10-year-old like sitting at their dinner table with their parents like, what did you do today? And they're like, well, I took my ACE score. I learned about it on Armchair Expert. The gangs in India with Bill Gates. They don't know why they were invited. Still don't know. Here's Rick. Rick. Rick. Rick. Rick. Rick. Rick. Rick. Rick.


Oh, hello. Hello there. How's it going? Good. Are you Rick? I am Rick. Where are You at? Rick. In Milwaukee. What a place. Fucking Harley Davidson. Fuck yeah. The pride. You Look a little Harley Davidson esque. Sure. They would kick him out if he didn't. Yeah, I have to. I actually had one for like a week and then I crashed it and had to give it away. Oh no, that'll happen. Okay. So does your church story take place in Milwaukee? It does. Let's hear the year. What happened long Time ago, around 88. I was like 13 years old. Seventh grade went to St. Mary's, 'cause Italian family, very Catholic. Got my communion, became an altar boy. I wasn't gonna be one, but a buddy of mine said, if you're an altar boy, you get outta class a little early so you don't gotta be in class for too long.


My second time was on a Sunday mass full church. Fred's parents there. It's a small church, small school. The whole school had like 120 people in it. So everyone knows everyone. Before the priest is out. Father Joe, they have me go out light the candles. Oh No. Huge Bible is sitting right there in the podium. Candle on each side. Light it with the big stick. Bell light. The first one, the wick's supposed to be flush with the Bell. Come over. Wick's about an inch out. Falls on the Bible. It's rice paper. That shit just burned right up. Oh my. This is such a cartoon. It's like a home alone. Yeah, Totally. I'm a kid. I'm in panic mode, so I'm like, shit, fuck. Shit.


Laughing and swearing, slapping, swearing. The whole church is like, oh my God. Screaming. It's a Sunday match. It is packed with old people. Oh no. So finally it goes out. A friend's dad who's in church comes up. I go to the priest chambers. The priest has no clue. He hasn't come out yet. They tell him. He just grabs a new bible, acts like whatever. We go back out there as all the communion is getting given. I'm the crumb holder, so I'm holding that little glass hand when people get their communion and as they come up, they look at me like I'm a demon. Everyone's fucking staring right in my eyes. My friend's parents, oh God, teachers just staff.


The priest tells my mom, I should bless your house after this because you know, he burned the Bible. Oh, Okay. Okay. My mom's like, all right, come over. So it's on a Friday. She decides for the priest to come over, leaves me home from school. He comes full white gown looking like a pope. He brings a little cell. It's like a W with a a ball in the end with holy water in it. He blesses every room, living room, our dining room, just splashing holy water, kitchen. Why are things going On? What are humans doing? Yeah, exactly. I'm like, what the fuck? Also, the irony is that it's so close to witchcraft. They're so against it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So ritualistic, It's all the same thing. Yeah. Right. you know, and I'm a 13-year-old kid.


It's like, well, okay, I made a mistake. Whatever. Right? Yes.


We are supported by Echo Kids. Echo. Kids is a cute, smart speaker for Alexa made just for kids. Echo Kids automatically filters explicit songs. So kids are always ready for dance parties and singing. And parents can rest easy. Knowing everything is kid friendly. By using voice commands, children can interact with the devices without a parent's help fostering a sense of responsibility and independence. Alexa can help kids develop by establishing healthy morning and bedtime routines complete with reminders for tasks like brushing teeth, packing school bags, or going to bed on time. I need those asap. Kaus is His Echo dot before bed every night. Does he puts on. He does. He'll ask to play fleet foxes or local natives. Cute. And just listen to music all night. We have one of these in our house and my family loves it. We've got the super cute little owl design. It's so sweet. Plus purchase of the device comes with one year of Amazon kids, plus a digital subscription designed for kids age three to 12. To safely learn and explore endless fun for kids. Peace of mind for parents. Shop the device now at amazon.com/ Echo.


Kids.


We are supported by BetterHelp. Kids are always learning and growing, but as adults, sometimes we lose that curiosity. That's why it's fun to take on a new hobby. Monica. It is. It is. Gardening For me this week. It's surfing. Yeah, You're Right. Who knows what's next. That's a big one. Therapy can help you reconnect with your sense of wonder because you back to school era can come at any age. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, convenient, flexible, and designed to fit into your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the best fit for you, you can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. We love therapy. We both benefited a ton from therapy. Yeah. And. we talk about it all the time on the Show. We swear by it. Rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash dax to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/we


are supported by Quince. It's been a busy season of events in travel. We were just in New York filming a bunch of press for the show and you know, we wanted to make sure our clothes were looking good. Always, Always. And that's why I'm thrilled we're partnering with Quince. Quince has all the seasonal must haves like cashmere sweaters. I love ding ding, ding. European linen shirts. All priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands. And that's because they partner directly with top factories. So they cut out the cost of the middlemen and pass on. The savings to us. Also falls a good time to replen your wardrobe. You're moving into a new season. Yeah. I've got a very sexy cashmere sweater from them that I love. And it's just coming up on sweater weather. Get those sweaters. Another cool thing about Quince, they only partner with factories that use save ethical and responsible manufacturing practices, which is pretty great. Upgrade your wardrobe with pieces made the last with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


So gets upstairs three bedrooms. We had a small house, but they're all kind of right next to each other. Older brother, we shared a room. He was going through his Satanic phase. Yeah, Do Do Oh. yeah. So he pops open our door. My mind, I didn't think he was gonna go into any rooms and do this shit. My brother has an economic on his dresser. Wait, what's that? It's a satanic bible. Oh. Oh. What a mixed household this is. We got a choir boy and a satanist. Yeah. He was going through a stage. Oh, that's, and then he had an invert pentagram on his headboard upside down cross. Oh. And at every corner of the wall, he had Leviathan, Lucifer, Saint Nebille, all four deep As that ruled, hell, the priest cocked his hand back with the holy water.


Looked at my mom, looked at me. He just walked outta the house. Oh my God. He's like, I would need a fucking bucket of this holy water. Yeah. To hose this place down. There Wasn't enough holy water at all. Oh, that's So funny. He tells my parents I'm possessed. I need to see him three days a week. They don't try to kick you out of this school though. Oh, they try. If I didn't go and see him three days a week, I would've had to leave. Oh My Lord. Ew. Nope. Oh. Then I have to see him three days a week in his creepy chambers, which is dark as hell. It's wild. So that passes. I couldn't do any altar boy stuff for a good six months.


Finally when I got the chance to, again, me and my buddy went down there to do it. And the chambers, we get everything right. Like the wine, the host, everything. It Sounds like you're throwing a party. I know we got all, I believe You still wanted to do it after all this I know, We pocket some of the hosts and drink some of the wine. Oh, you don't know about any of this? Well, we bring it back into our classroom. We have top desks at recess. We come back in. I teacher decide to look through all of our desks. He finds me and my buddy have just a shit ton of the hosts, the little wafers all in our desks that we took at that point. I am pure evil. They don't want me into school anymore. My trip got canceled to Six Flags.


Wow. Wow. Wow. Oh my God. What a crazy story. I just love that there's a satanist in the house and an altar boy that can't be beat. That's so eighties. That would never happen in the nineties. Gotta Share a room with a saint worship. Yeah, it was Crazy. I mean, that's something else that just go like, I'm really sorry. You're gonna have to sleep in this room. Your brother's older and he picks the decor. Yeah, it's exactly. It's like Satan is Oh, that's funny. Oh boy. Well that was great, Rick. Thank. You. Yeah. Thanks for sharing that. You are welcome. Absolutely. Also, before we go, my wife, huge fan. Oh, Would she like to say hi? Oh, She would love to say hi. You mind if I bring her in? Yeah. Make sure you give her your headphones so she can hear us. Hi Hi there.


I'm so excited. I listen to you guys forever. Every day. Shout out to my friend Bobby Jo. Oh, that's so nice. Thank. You. Nice to meet you. You too. Monica. I have to say, I loved that you tried a faa because I actually have a FAA tattoo on my arm. No way. Yep. It's like Amish to a trip to New Zealand 10 years ago when I took my kids surfing there. So I was very excited And I did enjoy it. Great taste. Well, so nice to meet you. Please thank Rick Forrest. That was a great story. Yeah, he's nuts. Okay. Take care. All right. Bye. Bye. He was so unique. Yeah, that was funny. I couldn't tell who was our narrator.


Is he a rascal or Right. You know, it turns out he was a rascal. He wasn't a good boy. Her friend Bobby Jo, it's such a Midwest name. I know in the way she said it too, was so like Fargos. That was an older arm. Cherry Rick. God, we span. Well he and I were the exact same age. Seventh grade, 88 old. Actually probably valueless in the demographic. What's the demo? Two to six. Two to six years old. That's our full demographic. It's a nice drink. Matcha. We've traded. 'cause you got a coffee. I got a cappuccino And I got a matcha. That's a swap. You've Been getting matcha.


Yeah, I've been up in these streets Getting maes and I've been getting cups of chinos. Well, I guess there's nothing new to observe here. It's all, I'll go back to my, it's all old names. Internal ruminations. Hello. Hi. Hello. It is 1233 at night for me. Oh. Oh, it is. Where are you? I'm in Moscow, Russia. Wow. No way. Okay, so what fake name should we give you? Whatever you choose. I think something really ironic, Ashley? Yeah, like a southern name. Yeah. That's funny. Okay, so Ashley, you have a wild church story in your currently in Moscow, which is blowing my mind for some reason I didn't even know if this was possible.


Currently, Listen, there's a lot of things that don't make sense about my life, so I just kind of go with the flow at this point. Should I just get into the story? Let's Hear it. Yeah, let's hear it. So It's not an actual church story, it's a monastery story. Ooh. Oh, okay. That's acceptable. A little bit of background. My grandpa is a priest. My dad is very religious. My parents are very religious. They would send me to a lot of church camps during my youth. So this story takes place at a church camp in California. Oh. Oh. I grew up in California, which is why I listened to you guys and I speak English.


Ah. Oh Wow. What age did you come to California? I was born there. I moved to Moscow at 18. Oh Wow. Okay. Alright. Alright. So this is a California church camp story. Didn't see that coming. Yeah, Exactly. it was my second time at this specific church camp. I had my kind of love of my life at the time. it was a very toxic cycle. So I would see him every six months. I would just kind of get over him and then I'd see him again and the cycle would start again. That lasted for two and a half years. So I'm 16 at this church camp.


It's like 110 degrees every day. You're wearing jeans, you're wearing T-shirts to do manual labor. At the time it was me, my friend Elizabeth, my friend Sam, and my friend John. So it was kind of a quadruple, so Elizabeth with John and then me with Sam. Second to last day, Elizabeth and John got together. They did their shenanigans, and then the next day the word gets to us. So Sam, were kind of hanging out in this hammock in this very peaceful place. Priests and monks are kind of among us.


Are you canoodling More or less? Yes. Oh wow. Right in public. Okay. Yeah. At that point, there were no people around us, but people could walk in on us very, very easy. We were hanging out and he's like, we gotta keep up And. we start making out whatever, and then at one point he's like, let's go somewhere more secluded. And this is kind of in the more mountainy region of California where they have the old gold mines. So we go up to a gold mine, we start making out and he's like, will you go down on me? Oh, okay. I'm like, sure. But it's my first time.


Okay. You said that That was brave. I'm glad you said it. Most people try to act like they've done it. That's what I would've done. Yeah. I like to be quite open with those kinds of things. So we figure it out. Mind you, it's not even noon at this point. Okay. Wow. it was early morning delight. Yeah. We finish our thing, we go have lunch among the priests, among the monks, as if nothing happened. Next day is the last day when parents start picking us up and everything. My dad comes to pick me up. I'm kind of saying bye to my friends. And then most of my friends leave at this point. and I keep texting my dad. I'm like, Hey, where are you? What's up? What's happening? He doesn't respond.


Another like half an hour goes by. I keep calling him. I keep texting him nothing. At that point I get pissed because I'm like, Hey dad, what's up? Like you came here to pick me up. I'm 16, I'm angsty. Another half hour goes by, I start getting worried, and then I see my dad coming out. Covered in dirt, covered in blood, covered in scratches, just looking miserable, frankly. I'm like, what happened? He likes to explore. He's been camping. Just very outdoorsy guy. I'm terrified of where this, this story's going, but continue. You should be.


He tells me, he's like, I want to explore that specific cave. The one that I was at the day before. No. And I'm going around looking with my flashlight. I don't notice that there is a hole in the floor. So he ends up falling through the floor. He tells me it's like 10 seconds at least. But you know, time gets distorted. Yeah. So he tells me I'm falling through this old gold mind. Oh, Oh my God. And He's like, my life flashes in front of my eyes. And then eventually he lands in water. Oh my God, my God. He's like, okay, if something happens, probably nobody will find him.


Ugh. And then eventually he tells me, I see this one beam of light. If there's a beam of light, that means there's an exit. So after like a half an hour after climbing through the rocks, he kind of gets out with minor scratches, minor injuries gets back to me and just takes us home. But what that meant for me, I was punished by God for whatever I did the day before. Oh. Oh. No. And. that gave me trauma for about four years. So I couldn't give that to anybody else. You caused that. You just make yourself asexual for the next four years.


Not Asexual, but still it left an impact. Yeah. The Stories we tell ourselves, I thought your conclusion was gonna be, wow. I could have fallen through the same area of the cave. I actually thought maybe your dad was gonna like find your underwear. I thought he was going to walk around the corner and see what was happening. And then I don't know why he got bloody, maybe he fought the young man. Oh, sure. I, I had a lot of options on the table. But this Is classic religious guilt that that was the takeaway. You were responsible. Yes. Everything's your fault. 'cause you're bad. Yeah. Didn't really stop me from doing other bad things in my teenage years.


Of course I kept doing all sorts of stuff. Yeah. And then you just feel guilty and then you're in a cycle. Oof. Yeah, exactly. And the funniest part was that next year I met up with that same boy, the same toxic cycle, the same everything. And he's like, do you wanna repeat what we did last year? I'm like, listen dude, my dad nearly died last time. I'm not trying to kill him this time. Yeah. Wow. Wow. That explanation has not often been given what? At the request of oral. Oh, sure. Not too many people love her. Well, the last time I did that, I almost killed my father.


Yeah, exactly. Oh right, okay. Of course. Oh well, Ashley, that was quite an interesting Twisty. Lots of turns. Twisty, turvy. Yeah. I mean, you can probably assume how the rest of my life went. I'm a California girl living in Moscow, Russia. So there's A lot of twists and turns. A lot of twists. Yes. A lot of twists and turns. Well, I'm so glad we got to talk to you. This has been a first for us, And. we love that you're listening. I've been listening for like two years and once I got the email I was just so happy. So Thank You so much. Our pleasure. All right. Take care. Yeah. Have a Good day or night. Have a good night. Have a good sleep. You have a good day.


Bye.


We are sponsored by Audible. A great story can really spark your imagination. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. There's more to imagine when you listen. I live for Audible, as you know. Every single night I'm listening to Audible. Before I go to bed, I'm just slowly educating myself without any effort. Sometimes I like having it in paperback and listening to it at the same time. On Audible. Yeah. So I can go back and forth. I am currently listening to the entire works of.ky, and it's gonna take me quite a bit of time to go through 'em all. and I can't wait. And as an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. New members can try Audible for free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500 500.


We are supported by Dr. Odyssey from a, b, c. From 9 1 1, executive producer Ryan Murphy comes the splashy new medical drama. Dr. Odyssey starring Joshua Jackson as the charismatic new doctor on board a luxury cruise ship. He and his team navigate high stakes medical emergencies and steamy romantic entanglements miles from shore. The series also stars Philippa Sue, Sean Thiel and Don Johnson as their fearless captain. Come aboard for new episodes of Dr. Odyssey. Thursdays at nine eight Central on a, B, C, and Stream on Hulu.


I was tripping out. Sometimes I got this fantastical in my head. I'm like, well, I constantly am talking out about Putin constantly. Is this a like, Oh, you thought it was an infiltration? Yeah. Like somehow they just hooked to our computer. Oh God. you know, I had some kind of fantastic What all What thoughts about espionage Is crazy. Well, I told you to not say that. Say what? Oh, Putin. Yeah. Well I've done it on Kimmel, you know, right into the camera. Well, you've done it here a lot. And you say you wanna fight him and stuff. And I, do I know? I do. Standby that. No, we'll cut that. I was like, is she a double operative? Is she a single operative? What's going on? Is she allowed to call someone on Zoom in Russia right Now?


right now. I was surprised by that. Like, does that mean anyone can communicate outta Russia with liberal media? I mean, that seems crazy. Yeah. Probably liberal media Meaning minimally critical to Russia, Western media. Oh, I wouldn't have thought it would be that easy. I see. To call the Washington Post from Russia. Right. And describe what's going on. But clearly you could and I guess how would they, How would they know? But they do track stuff there. Yeah. But there's VPNs and there's, you know, oh my God, I'm So scared. Scared for her now. Yeah. Oh no. I felt like, are we betraying the Ukrainians? Exactly. Not Her fault. My Better Angels was like, no, the people that live there, They didn't choose.


A lot of them are against. We should have asked her if she was against Putin And then said, then we can continue. Yeah. She can't even answer that question. God, are you critical? A fucking horrible situation. I also would not think you could listen to our show in Russia right now because he's trying to Yeah. Keep this narrative going. That they're like defending themselves against Ukraine, which is such horseshit. No one agrees with that. They couldn't let that info get in, couldn't they? Or the people not even interested to look. Maybe we Should do a prompt on that for next month. Call us if you're a double operative. Wait. No, we should do, call us if you've ever been undercover. But they'll obviously they'll be anonymous.


But that's good. I know just what percentage of the country's been undercover and then the odds that they listen to this show. What do you Mean? I bet a lot of XCIA and Steph listen, Are Aren't Harry. I just dunno how we would get a full episode outta that. But I'm happy to put the prompt out And. We can. You never know when it's gonna be good. Let's Kinda like a wild card prompt. Yeah. Wild card. Plus, if you've been undercover, I think you'd be surprised. Well, I'd love to be. Let's do it. Get Some like witness protection People. Yeah, exactly. I think a lot of people would qualify. Some reporters go to school and then they put on incognitos Actors. No, not actors. Kevin Bacon went to school in Utah to learn about footloose. Ugh, I hate that movie. Oh. Oh, cut that.


Wait. You Don't wanna foot looser I Don hear this. Wanna You hate Footloose? Yeah. I don't like that movie. The original. Well, it's not the movie. I hate that song. Okay. No. Why are, well, I just want, there's a lot of songs in it. No, the main one. Yeah. Okay. I got you. Because another popular song from that movie was, I Need a Hero. Oh. yeah, I know I did that for the tractor scene. And he's gotta be strong and he's gotta be You like that one though, right? It's fine. Yeah, it's fine. I don't like it all that much either, but I don't dislike it. What happened just now? If it's infiltrated? It's already happened.


Yeah. Well there's no going back. Yeah. Oh my God. Whatever happened happened. I hope she whispered some like messages at the end of it after she Then activate. Stop you guys. They can hear us. Alright, Here's Melissa. Oh man. What? Melissa's Ukrainian. Hi. Hello. Hi. Oh, wonderful. We can hear you. You're in a closet. How are you? I'm great. How are you? Really, really good. We just had a real giggle before we signed on with you. We Did. Oh, I love That. Yeah. Sometimes we get the giggles. And. it just happened. Do you Mind if we ask where you're from? Do you wanna guess? I love when you guys guess.


Yeah. You're rarely asking this questions. I was just Wondering if you by chance, we're from Ukraine. Oh, That's okay. Okay. No. Okay. Okay. All right. I'm not, I wouldn't have guessed that. That wouldn't have been my guess. Okay. What's your guess? Let's chat a little more. You're in this closet. It's yours, I presume. Yeah, it's very organized. It is mine. It's a very small closet. Go ahead. Okay. You're Midwest, you're not southern, you're not east coast, you're Not. Okay. Wisconsin, No. Illinois. No, but I am in northern Kentucky. Oh. Oh, Right across from Cincy. Right Across from good old Cincinnati. Okay. Yes. Kentucky To me is the south. It is. But the first five miles of northern Kentucky is really Cincinnati suburbs.


So you would never think of Cincinnati as the south, right? No. But then that bluegrass starts Then the bluegrass starts. Yeah. God's country as they say. Although that's not where I'm from and it's not where the story takes place. I am from San Diego originally. Oh, Very neutral. Right around The corner from us. Yes. Is that where the story takes place? It sure is. Oh great. Let's hear it. The Story takes place in San Diego at a church. Obviously this is a church story and we're going back to 1997. Okay, great. Fast Math. Monica's 10 and I'm 22. Whoa, That sounds weird. And I'm about 12. Okay. Right in the middle. I'm right in the middle, 12 years old.


And my family lived about three houses away from our church growing up. So we were like very involved. We could walk there. My mom sang in the choir. So we knew lots of people and it was just like a really special, great community. So I was an altar server growing up. So I would help with the service and get everything ready and carry the book, all the things. So one Sunday I am sitting kind of on the side of the congregation and so I can see everybody and I can see everything. And I'm sure I'm daydreaming or thinking about something else. and I hear someone crying. It's not like a moved by the spirit kind of cry. It's like a sob. Oh, it's like someone's not well. and I kind of like look around and I'm checking it out. This is like not normal behavior either.


So I look around and I see this really old man and he's sitting kind of in the front and he's sitting by himself and he's just sobbing. Oh, oh Boy, I hate this story. It starts sad And gets sadder. We all go our merry way. We come back the next week, I'm there again. Same thing. Almost like same time, same channel sobbing again. Oh. So I'm like, something is not right with this poor man. Like I'm not really sure what it is. So I go home. I remember talking to my mom, my little 12-year-old heart is just broken for this poor guy. So anytime my mom would sense conflict or if we needed to express our feelings, she'd be like, why don't you just write a letter? So she's like, well why don't you write him a letter and see what he says. So I write him this letter and I don't even know what like a 12-year-old offers to like a 70-year-old man.


I don't remember what I put. I'm sure I put something like, Hey, I see you here every week and I see that you're really upset. If there's anything I can do for you, oh I'll pray for you. This Is so sweet. So I remember giving it to him the following week. He was there. Same thing. I think I just like gave it to him. Kinda like scurried away. I am sure I was nervous. So then the following week I see him again and he comes up to me after church and he's still crying. And he tells me that his wife died and she was the one who would typically go to church. And sometimes he'd go with her, but like not often. And she loved it. So he felt like really close to her being there. And it was just like very emotional for him. And so we just became friends. I sort of adopted this old man, it's like an adopted grandmother.


This Is like a movie this, this is like a sweet, sweet movie. And as we get to know each other, I learn how just distraught he is over the loss of his wife. And he would spend all of his days at the cemetery. He would sit there and I remember going with him one time to her grave site after church one Sunday. We like went together and he was like listening to tapes of her voice in his car. Oh wow. Like he was just like so sad. Oh. So I remember he came to like my eighth grade graduation and we'd take him like cookies at Christmas. Oh my God. When I would see him, I would sit with him. And. we sort of lost touch through high school, but like I sent him a graduation announcement. All the things, you know, we'd kind of keep in touch here and there.


So then fast forward to 2011, I get home from work. Now I'm out of college. Check the mail and I have this big envelope in the mail from an attorney. And I'm like, this is weird. Oh, I Fucking love where this is going. Me too, but don't say it. Okay. So I open the letter and inside I learned that my friend had passed away. And the reason I learned that was because in his will he left me $5,000. Aww. This is so sweet. Oh fuck. It was really sweet. Yeah, it's overload. I was like so blown away.


and I kind of vaguely remember him saying like, I wanna help you pay for college. But I was young and he was old. and I didn't take him seriously or anything. So I was shocked. and I wrote another letter classic to his family. 'cause I was the only person not in his family, in his whales. They're probably like, who the hell is this girl? For sure. Like, cause a family crisis knows this woman. Yeah. So I like wrote them a card and just said, so sorry for your loss. I really loved getting to know your father. And when I saw the prompt, I was like, I want them to hear like a happy church story. Yes. Y'all had all kinds of crazy church stories. Yes. I love this. We needed this one. Yeah, we really did. We needed a pallet cleanser.


That's so sweet. Your parents must have been so proud. I gotta tell you, my kids do things like that. Oh my God. Nothing makes me happier. Well, I Had great parents and great community. So takes a village, all the good people. Oh, what a pleasure meeting you, Melissa. That was really beautiful. Thanks For sharing that. That was lovely. Yeah. Thank, You and I. Just, I gotta do my shout outs. I gotta have my fan girl moment if that's okay. Of course. I wanna shout out to my bestie Kristen, who's my best friend, Erin Weekly. Everybody needs one and I'm so grateful I have mine. Aw. We chat about you guys all the time and all the umbrellas. I loved all the race to 35 to two 70. Saved all of it. Fun. Thank. You. I love getting new perspective from you guys and I think it's so important that we all hear from all kinds of people and I just love what you guys do.


I'm so grateful and I feel like you guys are old friends. It's so crazy to talk to you. Well right back at you sincerely. Like the perspective you just gave is so valuable. Yes. It's not my perspective and it's so legitimate and valuable and beautiful and I like being reminded of it. Yeah. I just think it's so special. We always have dialogue with the same kinds of people and I don't believe everything you guys believe and vice versa. But I learn so much. It challenges me in good ways and in hard ways. It's just special. I think we all need to do that more. Oh my goodness. Oh, that's awesome. Thank You. I love that compliment. That's a really good compliment. Yeah. Alright, well take care. Thank. You. Bye. Bye. Holy. Oh, I love that. That what a great way to end it.


Oh, that sad man. If Putin was coming for us and he heard that he might change his mind, that might be how we got out of this situation. That's Very optimistic. That's an optimistic take on a What if this whole thing horrible. We actually turned his heart. Then we would get our, what's the word I wanna win a Peabody. Peabody. Jesus Christ, Please. Grinch Putin's heart. Oh man. That'd be worth a Peabody. That'd be worth it. I wanna stop talking about him. Okay. Okay. That was Love You. I love you. Do you wanna sing a tune or something? When it was a theme song? Oh, okay, great. We don have a song for this new show.


So here I go, go, go. We're gonna answer some random questions. And, we get some suggestions on the fly, on the Enjoy.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


We've all been there. Turning to the internet. To self-diagnose are inexplicable pains, debilitating body aches, sudden fevers, and strange rashes. Though our minds tend to spiral to worst case scenarios, it's usually nothing but for an unlucky few, these unsuspecting symptoms can start the clock ticking on a terrifying medical mystery like the unexplainable death of a retired firefighter whose body was found at home by his son, except it looked like he had been cremated or the time when an entire town started jumping from buildings and seeing tigers on their ceilings. Hey listeners, it's Mr. Ballin here and I'm here to tell you about my podcast. It's called Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries. Each terrifying true story will be sure to keep you up at night. Follow Mr. Bain's medical mysteries wherever you get your podcasts. Prime members can listen early and ad free on Amazon Music.