
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome. Welcome to Armchair Anonymous is the name of this show. Correct. It'll never get easy for me to say. It's A hard one. Even though you have experience in the anonymous land. That's right. But I'm supposed to say Alcoholics Anonymous beforehand. So once I'm on one paired word, I'm off. Also, as I told you earlier, when I see the word Jury Duty written on a piece of paper, I see Judge Judy. Yeah, I understand that. I see. Because, because I put the J on the duty. Oh, Judy. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I swapped the D and the J. Ah. So, which would really be Durry Judy. But anyways, I see Judge Judy. Yeah. Or Do we have her as A juror? Tells a story about watching Judge Judy.


Yeah. My friend has just become a judge. Ooh. And he was telling me a little bit about it, and I was like, that sounds really fun. You kind of are Judge Judy. He's like, people are lying to you like you've, you just can't imagine. Yeah. And you kind of gotta weed through it and kind of call 'em out on the lie. Yeah. And I'm like, yeah. I think that's what Judge Judy did. Well, definitely what? She did act so expertly. Can we do a judge prompt or they're not probably allowed. It would just be my friend. Well, he's The, probably not. He's only been doing it for a couple months. Okay. You're right. But he already has about a hundred stories, so maybe. Wow. Yeah.


Fun. Yeah. If you wanna see some action, kinda like seven 11. If you wanna see some action, become a judge. It's super easy. This is Jury Duty. Tell us a crazy Jury Duty experience. This one's quite safe. And my sweet, sweet, longtime friend Tim loves dead, is making an appearance. That's right. Yeah. Friend of the pod. Well, now officially, per your new definition, please enjoy Jury Duty or Judge Judy.


Get into your body's vitals. With the vitals app on Apple Watch. I Wanna get The vitals. App tracks key overnight metrics so you can spot changes in your health before you feel them. The Vitals app on Apple Watch iPhone 10 s are later required. The Vitals app is for wellness purposes only, and not for medical use only.


We are supported by Domino's. You'd be hard pressed to find two people that love Domino's more than you and I. It's an integral part of our friendship. When we were just baby friends, We discovered we both love Domino's and we ordered it with reckless abandon. If you haven't tried Domino's new Parmesan stuff Crust Pizza yet, what are you waiting for? What? With a buttery flavored crust, melty cheese, and real Parmesan sprinkled on top. Every bite is absolutely packed with flavor. Order one today@dominoes.com.


Times come and go. You gotta know. Hi. Hello. Is this Allie? This Is Allie. Do you sound really good in my headphones? Oh, Thank You. Are you feeling that audio, Monica? It does sound nice. Are you in the closet? I am in the closet just for you am Monica. I'm in a closet in Duluth, Georgia. Are you serious? I sure am. So every time I hear you talk about Duluth, I'm like, there's my girl. Wow.


Oh, this is so exciting. And I also went to UGA. Oh, My God. And did you Major N Pr, theater and pr. I Did photojournalism and public health. Nice. So weird comeback. Well, you could photograph ill people in the public. You never know how the two will come together. You really can't tell Allie, did you serve Jury Duty in Duluth? Yeah, Gwinnett County. I'm already so connected to the story. Do You wanna ask her any geography questions like I do? Maybe the Time? Well, I did ask for her exact address. And do you wanna ask her if she has any of the same favorite restaurants? What about in Athens? Have you been to last resort? How could you go to Athens and not go to last Resort? Have you had the cake, the strawberry cake?


My favorite cake in the whole world? Of course. Oh. Or she goes, I'm sitting on one right now. Oh My God, Cecilia. They have a chicken dish there. That is just the best. Wow. This is a thrill. I love this. I hope I run into you next time I'm home. I'm surprised I haven't. Well, I gave you my address, so come on Over. I'll come stalking. Okay. Set the scene for your Jury Duty experience. It Involves not only the man on trial, but also a fellow juror. Perfect. It actually happened in December of 2024, so not that long ago. And it was my first time ever being summoned for Jury Duty. So I didn't really know what to expect. And either got closer friends and family would be like, oh yeah, I've done it before.


And it was for a small claim or civil dispute. Nothing big. So I didn't really think I would get any kind of juicy case. But I reported perjury duty and they said, okay, you're at superior court, which means we try felonies, criminal cases and monetary cases over $25,000. Okay. Yes. And so we get brought into the courtroom and they say, you are being considered for a murder trial. Oh, That's the jackpot. Yes. And I never imagined that I would actually get picked for a murder trial, but here we are. And so it turns out it was for a road rage incident where he shot and killed a man in the middle of the night on his way home from work.


Oh my God. Oh boy. And so as we're in jury selection, it gets even more interesting because there's the table with the prosecutors and the table with the defense attorneys asking us the questions. And we learn that the man sitting at the defense table is not only the attorney, he is also the defendant. He is the man accused of murder. You're not Always a terrible idea. Supposed To do that. Yeah. Yeah. Never really works out. He Has decided to be his own attorney for a murder trial where he is up for life in prison. Oh my God. Well, I hate to be rude, but Heti showed pretty poor judgment in the road rage incident. It shouldn't be shocking that he is like, I'm definitely representing myself now, the attorneys, if I'm to believe movies, right.


They go through a whole round of jury selection and they're asking you questions trying to find out how biased you may or may not be. Do you remember what questions the first time lawyer slash defendant asked? It? Mainly was the prosecutor asking questions. But they did ask every single person, do you think you can be a fair and impartial juror? And someone in my group said, no, I don't think I can. To which this man said why. And to this man's credit, he looked at him and said, because I think that anyone who is gonna represent themselves in a murder trial is stupid. Oh. And uneducated. Oh, Oh my. Sure. Okay. Honesty abound. Yeah. I'm glad he said it. Someone had to say it. He Stared at him for a very long time, wrote some notes in his notebook and said, got it, thank you.


And I was like, oh my God, I hope this man's okay. Still. He's also saying that to a murderer. That guy's stupid. Well, I would argue if I'm the prosecutor, I keep that guy, that guy's definitely voting my way. Yeah. But they both have to agree. I know. But the other guy doesn't even know what he's doing. It might slide through. We'll See. Okay. All right. Well, let's See. He did not make the cut. I just imagine the defendant asking you like, juror number nine, do you have a boyfriend? You really have a picture of him. That's funny. You've been in road rage situations. I could see it not normal. This is like you, I've been watching so much you the serial killer show. So maybe I'm just sympathizing, but I think a kind of normal-ish person could find themselves in This situation.


Well, I'm not, no one will like this, but this is the truth. I have had the impulse to carry a gun in my car several different times, and I have always decided you can't have a gun in the car. 'cause you have had road rage incidents. Yeah, that's, that's if like if someone pulls one on you and now you have one, we're going to the next level. Yeah. But not everyone has your history of thinking about yourself and your issues. And like I have road rage. Oh, right. So I guess I won't, most people aren't doing that. Some people Don't have a big frontal cortex. They just aren't doing the same reflection that you are in Georgia. I could see someone carrying a gun and a lot of people carrying guns in their car, whatever. I love him. I love him. I forgot to mention is that actually we learned throughout the course of the trial is he was previously convicted of murder or a separate road rage incident.


So he is not new to this, But he got Off or served his time. Yeah, I think he did serve some time. And then it was like shortened. But he is previously convicted of murder. He was like, I have legal experience. I've done this before. Been there, done that. He was feeling quite confident. Also, during jury selection, they ask, are you a caregiver to a kid under six? And if you were selected for this, could you have alternative childcare? No one was like, yep, that's to me. So we get picked and the bailiff says, okay, this trial is gonna take probably two weeks and you should expect to be here from eight to five every day. To which this woman starts freaking out. She's like, I can't be here at that time.


I have kids. I have to get them to and from school. I gotta get 'em off the school bus. And they were like, ma'am, we asked you about this and you didn't say anything. And she was in my group of questioning. She had given some interesting answers. So I was very surprised to begin with that. She had been picked. But she starts freaking out and she's like, I need to talk to the judge. And they're like, you can't talk to him. He's left for the day. And she's like, well, I'll just be late. And they're like, ma'am, you cannot be late to Jury Duty. You'll be held in contempt of court, so you need to be here. Oh. And so they finally say, okay, if you come in the morning, we'll talk to the judge and let him figure this out. So I guess she comes in the morning, obviously the judge is like, tough luck.


You've been selected for this. We asked you. You didn't say anything. We're in the room beforehand. And she's very upset about it. The other jurors are trying to maybe give her suggestions of can you call the school like any way to help her? And she's just beside herself. And so the trial gets underway. She is seated next to me throughout the duration of this trial. It starts right off the bat with some really gruesome images. They're laying out what they think happened in the case. I thought that they would maybe give a warning before they pop up those photos of the crime scene. They do not. They just say, here you go. Here's an dead person. Here's a closeup of the bullet hole. Oh, take it all in. And you're like, it is 9:00 AM Yes.


Not prepared for this. The jury box is seated right next to the prosecutor's table. And so suddenly this woman, I'll call her Mary, she leans over and tries to pass the prosecutor a note. Oh, wonderful. The prosecutor's like, I can't take this. And she's like, it's not about the case. It's not about the case. Oh. And obviously it's causing a commotion. And so the judge is like, what is happening over here? And she's like, I just wanna give the prosecutor this note. It has nothing to do with the case. And he's like, you can't give a note to the prosecutor. You can't talk to them. What is it about? And she's like, it's about what we talked about this morning. I want him to advocate on my behalf.


And this judge is like, you will be on this jury. You'll be here every single day from eight to five. I don't know what to tell you, but the judge makes the final call. Also PS lady. It does have to do with the case. Yes. She continues to flip out and she kind of just like stares at the floor the rest of the day. All the rest of us are taking really vigorous notes. It's like a very complicated case as the case progresses, I also start to notice that because the defendant was his own attorney, they had to put in some like rules in the courtroom that probably didn't exist if just a regular attorney was there. Like there's tape on the floor. And he couldn't cross it because it would be too close to the jury box.


Wow. He also couldn't go and hand evidence to the witnesses. So this put a lot of extra work on the prosecutor. And he did not have a laptop. And a lot of the evidence was video surveillance footage. And so he would have the prosecutor play these clips. And in court you have to be like, play it from this timestamp to this timestamp. And this man either did not understand that or just was not prepared. So he would yell across the courtroom things like, yo prosecutor, roll the tape. Oh wow. Okay. Oh wow. Like kind of at a nightclub, Like a rap situation. I Can't roll the tape. Which one would you like me to play at what time? And he'd be like, I don't know, dude.


From the beginning. And they were like, that's not how this works. We have to take lots of breaks while they figure all this out. And some of the clips, even after a long break, we were like, what were we supposed to watch in this video case goes on day one, they were doing the gruesome stuff. We laying the facts of the case. Next day, it's much more about cell phone tower surveillance, video footage, explaining why they thought this man was in this place at this time. And so we're probably like halfway through the day, Mary leans over to me suddenly and she goes, what happened to the man in the car from yesterday? And I'm kind of confused for a second. What? And I say, they think that that man over there killed him and we're here to figure out if he did or did not.


And she goes, what? She was so hung up on two weeks. She literally didn't see photos of dead. People Did not understand what's happening. She starts crying hysterically has to get tissues. Ooh. Is sobbing. Although, Okay, I will say if this is a tactic, that's a to get off brilliant tactic. To Get booted from the juror. Yes. Yeah. Well, because she is unfit to sit on this trial. This is like a hack. What's happening? Wait, Who's that guy? Where am I? So at this point, I'm concerned because she's not paying attention. She doesn't understand what's happening. I will say, I don't think English was her first language. Oh. So I was like, okay, she's maybe having trouble understanding what's happening.


What are We age wise for her? She's probably like 40 ish, Probably a little young for Alzheimer's or dementia. I think a lot was with the language barrier. And so I'm concerned at this point that, okay, we're gonna get through this whole trial. We're gonna get to deliberation. And she's not gonna know what has happened for the past two weeks during our next break. I actually go talk to the bailiff for a second, and I'm just like, Hey, this is what happened. I'm a little concerned that she's not understanding what we're doing here. And they're like, we're sorry, but the prosecutors picked her for a reason. So we can't do anything about it. We can't bring in an alternate Why. That's the point of them. Yes. And The alternates are sitting there. You don't know who's an alternate when you're going through.


So we all sit and listen. And we didn't know until we got to deliberation who the two alternates were. She could have been an alternate. Monica, let's hope. They're like, you know, if it ends in a mistrial, you could give this feedback to the attorney so they can learn to pick a better juror for next time. But they must have had a reason. So she's here to stay. Try to help her as much as you can. The rest of the jury are also concerned about her because they've also witnessed all of these things. I'm now upset with the judge. That person can't be ruling on someone's life. Although I could see where you could make an argument like this is the system. It's a jury of your peers. And yeah, these are people that are in the population that's a real peer in this community.


Well, That's why they do a selection. It's too weed out. Yeah. This kind of thing. I'm sure he had a full explanation of why he was certain she would convict. I would've loved to have heard the reasoning for it as they laid out more and more evidence. It was becoming quite clear that this man was guilty. Yeah, right. There wasn't really a question about it. If I was the prosecutor, I would've just had a single question. I would've got him on the witness stand and said, you already did this once before. Right. And when he said, yeah, I'd be like, yeah. I mean, come on guys. Yeah. Did you already do this Once? I mean, but now it makes even more sense why he didn't have a lawyer. He's like, I'm not paying for that. Yeah. But even a public defender Towards the end of this, I was like, I feel like if you're up for life in prison, you should be required to have a lawyer.


But it's okay because without this, we wouldn't have gotten so many more great moments. So I appreciate it because as the trial went on, his wife came to testify, which was the best. It was like Bravo came to life in front of us because they clearly had a lot of issues to the point where the judge multiple times had to intervene and say things like, we can't talk about your sex life right now. It's not relevant to the case. You clearly have some other marital issues, but it's not relevant right now. Please resolve that outside of the courtroom. They got very heated, especially because his main defense was hinging on.


He thought that his wife, her sorority sisters and the teachers at their kids' school had worked with the police to switch his cell phone out of the locked evidence box at the police station to pin this on him because they wanted his millions and millions of dollars. And his wife was very upset about this one because she was like, you're an idiot. And two, at some point in their relationship, a video had been taken of her in a compromising situation that she was now very upset that the police may have seen. This Is juicy. I don't wanna say that he didn't have millions, but I highly doubt. Yeah. He didn't. Yeah. We finally get time to deliberate. All of us are very nervous that we're gonna be there forever because Mary, the juror had no idea what's been happening.


But we decide because he's up for several counts that we're gonna go through it one count at a time and just kinda like pulse check. How are we doing? What do we need to discuss? And when it gets to be Mary's turn, we're like, oh my God, what is she gonna say? And she just looks at us and says, Hmm, I felt his evil spirit. He's guilty. All right, sure. That works for us. We're not gonna ask questions if that's how you wanna decide this. Be my guest. And so, yep, we ended up convicting him of all of the counts. How long did you deliberate? Maybe an hour there. Actually ended up being another person that we had to really talk through things with, which was surprising. What if that person was like, well, why would a millionaire kill somebody? It makes no Sense. Yeah. We wouldn't wanna stick around on the outside of prison with millions of dollars.


To your point, Dax, it is a representation of your peers. So it was very interesting to hear people's reasoning for why they came to the conclusion that they did. So yeah, that was my first and only time as a juror. Let's go. Gwinnett County. Oh yeah. Way to deliver. Wow. What an exciting trial. I was never registered in Gwinnett County. 'cause I registered in Athens during college, and then I did get summoned, but by that time I was not living there. So I got out of it. Good job. And then I did serve here in Los Angeles. All my friends, obviously, obviously. And I get it. Like they're just like, I gotta get out of it. But it is helpful to have real sane people sitting on these juries.


Allie, that was a delicious story. What a delight to meet you. Thank you. I figured you'd appreciate the Gwinnett connection. And I know you guys have to go, but I am gonna give a shout to my friend Tori. She listens to all the Armchair Anonymous with me, and she's a medical professional, so we definitely talk about all the poop and the blood and all of the craziness. Is Tori a little bit perverted like in a good way? She works in orthopedic, so probably she loves to set a bone. Ooh. Yeah. That's perverse. Ooh. Yeah. Even that phrase. Thank you so much. All right. Take care. Bye.


We are supported by Dominoes. You know I have the app. Me too. It's not talked about in this ad spot, but I do gotta give a shout out to the lava cakes. Mm. They're outrageous. I Want it right now At long last Dominoes. Finally. Finally has stuffed crust pizza and not just stuffed crust, Parmesan stuffed Crust. Oh man. What are you waiting for? Who doesn't love a little Parmesan? Nobody. That's who it's hard to believe it's taken them this long to make a stuffed crust pizza. But let me tell you, this was worth the weight. They've taken their buttery flavored handmade pan pizza dough and stuffed it with melty cheese. And if that wasn't enough, they topped it with garlic seasoning and yes, real Parmesan. I can taste It. I love mine. Smothered with pepperoni. Ooh, more the better. Okay. All this talk about Domino's has got me hungry. And I think I've got tonight's dinner plans all figured out. Order Domino's new Parmesan stuffed crust pizza on the Domino's app and use code Dax to get any three topping Parmesan stuffed crust pizza for 1199. That's code Dax on the Domino's app to try it today. Prices higher in some locations. You must ask for this limited time offer prices, participation, delivery area, and charges may vary. Delivery orders subject to local stores. Delivery charge.


We are supported by Boar's Head. 1905 was a big year. The first ever radio broadcast hit airwaves. The first movie theater opened in Pittsburgh. Einstein published his theory of Relativity and Boar's Head was founded in Brooklyn, which if you're a sandwich lover like us is just as important. Boar's Head doesn't cut corners. Their premium deli meats and cheeses are top tier. They use premium whole cuts of beef, pork, and poultry, and they source spices from around the globe. Boar's Head uses the best possible ingredients in time, honored recipes, preparing everything they make with care. That's how they've been able to stay in business for more than 120 years. I love Boar's Head. It is definitely my, my meat of choice. I like the oven. Gold Turkey. Yeah. The oven. Gold turkey's outrageous. So is that Smoke Master uncured Ham? Oh, I can just eat a pile. I want that right now. Taste the tradition. Boar's Head committed to craft since 1905.


We are supported by Apple TV plus presenting the Hit Limited series, presumed innocent, starring Jake Gyllenhaal and Ruth Naga. Hailing from David E. Kelly and JJ Abrams starring Gyllenhaal. In the lead role of Chief Deputy Prosecutor, rusty Savage, presumed innocent, explores a horrific murder that upends the Chicago prosecuting attorney's office when one of its own is suspected of the crime. The series delves into obsession, sex, politics, and the power and limits of love as the accused fights to hold his family and marriage together. I Loved this show And I started at prayer recommendation, and I love it too. Critics rave about the fantastic ensemble and say, presumed innocent is brilliant, undeniably compelling, and TV at its highest quality. Now streaming on Apple TV plus more@fyc.apple tv plus.com.


Hello, is this Lauren? Yes. Hi, let me just look at your garments. Love to just check in with what kind of garments are hanging. A lot of stripes. Someone loves stripes. I do like a stripe. I'm with you. Where Are you in the country? I am In Columbus, Ohio. Oh, Wonderful. That's but a mere three hours from my home, An equidistant to Kings Island and Cedar Point. Wow. How does one choose Sophie's choice? The Gemini or Devil's? What was the great one at Kings Island? Well, The Beast was the OG one. Yeah. That goes down in a spiral and hits. Its max speed. Yeah. What a ride. Okay. You had a Jury Duty experience. Please tell us all about it.


We're going back to spring of 2013. I was At the time, living and working in New York City, and I received a jury summons, but not for normal trial jury. It was for grand jury, which I didn't really know anything about. Fortunately, my first day of orientation required us to watch an hour long video featuring Sam Waterson from Law Order. Wow. Wonderful. To explain the inner workings of grand Jury Duty, which essentially meant we were locked into two weeks where we would continue to see case after case and we would basically vote if the person was gonna be indicted and then move on to a trial. Oh Wow. Yeah.


Like if you lose a grand jury appointment, you are not gonna officially stand trial. Right? That's Right. Oh my God. I had no idea that this was a thing, but Only for certain kind of cases. I think People are deciding whether someone gets a trial. Yeah. Well you hear it in those stories where it's like a grand jury indicted so-and-so, and now they're gonna set a trial date. So this was in the Manhattan District Courts. So I was downtown in that Law and order building, and for the next two weeks we saw more than 40 cases. So there was everything from burglary to a purse being snatched in Times Square. There was a really juicy prostitution sting in Chinatown. Oh. That required a translation service to come so we could hear all the juicy details.


This is fun. 'cause this is like speed trials, right? Yeah. They're gonna lay out like their five best pieces of evidence and you determine whether that's sufficient. Exactly. Most of these, it was like in and out. It would be the undercover cop that comes in, shares the testimony, we say yay or nay, and we're onto the next one. Of all these cases that I saw, there was one that was truly the wildest case I have ever seen. So it started off in a very weird place and it just did not get any more normal. The attorney comes up to sort of introduce the facts of the case and says the defendant in this case, his name is Dan Sandler, but he insists on going by Adam Sandler. Oh, Perfect. Start.


And we did find out later in the testimony that he did insist on everybody calling him Adam Sandler because he was a fan. Wow. Oh Wow. No. Is this a stalking case? Oh, buckle up. Oh. So we're here to learn about Dan slash Adam Sandler, and he's not present, by the way, I should say. So the first person to come in and really share her testimony was the primary victim in this case. So she was a middle-aged woman. I thought she looked very teacherly, very wholesome. And we find out that she was a top executive at Girl Scouts of America. Their headquarters are in Manhattan. For the next probably four or five hours, she shares her testimony with us.


Where this person, Dan slash Adam Sandler. Yeah. Let's call him Adam Sandler. Yeah, let's be Respectful. Okay. So Adam Sandler. Yeah. Had a temp job as like an IT person in the office of Girl Scouts of America. He had gone into her office to fix her computer. They had chatted. She was friendly to him. He kept finding different reasons to pop into her office. Over the next couple of weeks, oof started asking her some more romantic questions and she shut that down. Amidst this escalating, the employer found out that he actually had a criminal record, and so he was let go. But his criminal record actually was a result of him moonlighting as an off-brand Elmo in Times Square.


Oh, okay. So he wasn't paying the royalties to be officially representing Elmo. It was absolutely an unlicensed Elmo character. And he had gotten in some hot water for harassing children and families. Oh, There We go. Times Square and leveling some boisterous anti-Semitic rants. Oh, a racist Elmo. Adam Sandler. He probably doesn't know he is Jewish. Yeah, he definitely doesn't. So He loses his job and that's actually where things really escalate. He was it. So he had access to all of her contact information, all of her personnel file. He's calling and texting her, leaving her voicemails hundreds of times a day, showing up at her home.


Oh. Making increasingly wild threats. And that's when she starts saying that she's gonna get law enforcement involved. Well, it's at this time that he decides he's really gonna go bold and he threatens that he is going to put out a salacious story about Girl Scouts of America that they are facilitating these very un Girl Scout like arrangements at their Camps. Sex trafficking. Exactly. His request. And I did look at some media reporting on this just to get it right. So the specific request was, I want you, the Girl Scouts of America to hire me for $150,000 a year.


Just gimme a job. Yeah. Or a $2 million cash settlement So that he doesn't reveal The sex. Yeah. Even know he's the one on trial. Yeah. Yeah. What was so sad was just we had to listen to every single voicemail. Like they had to enter in every piece of evidence. Most of the cases we heard were like in and out, 10 minutes this, we had to sit there for six hours. Oh. Listening to these just horrific voicemails that he left. This poor, sweet woman. I just felt so awful for her. Over the next couple of days, we heard testimony from other colleagues, other people that had been involved in previous incidents that he'd been wrapped up in. But in the end, no surprise, we indicted him and he did go off to trial.


I believe he pleaded out for some lesser charge, but I think he did do about a year in prison. Then All of our stalker stories, nothing happens to the stalker ever. So I like this. Yeah. Voicemails gotta help, I guess. But they, even with some of them, they know. Yeah. They have full evidence of just like until he touches you. Until, until he kills you. Yeah. It was lucky they got ahead of It. So you didn't get to see Adam Sandler? Actually, We didn't get to see him. We just got to hear his very terrifying voice. What if he did a Adam Sandler impersonation? I always say a story with Adam Sandler Elmo and the Girl Scouts you would think would be more wholesome than this one. Yeah. Yeah. You're right.


That's supposed to add up to something very life affirming. I hate to say it, but I would love to have an Elmo in Times Square say something worthy of getting punched so that I could punch someone in the Elmo out outfit you. You wanna punch Elmo, But I wanna punch a human Elmo. Yeah. In defense of righteous causes. Of course. Of course. I like that. Well, Lauren, it's lovely meeting you sharing that for sharing that story sharing. I so appreciate the opportunity. This is a blast. Thank you so much. All right. Bye-Bye. Bye. One of the major sim moments of my entire life is that me and my roommate, shout out Rachel. We were summoned at the exact same time for Jury Duty.


Whoa. We were both picked and our trials were in rooms right next to each other. That is impossible, isn't it? Yeah. In a city of 8 million people. Yeah. Or however many we Got until we got to go to lunch together. Oh, That's lovely. They always break at the same time. Yeah. Oh, Hi. Hi, Stacey. Oh, cute shirt. Thank you. You've augmented your Ted Seeger shirt. It's really cute. Yeah, it's a little bit over the shoulder. It's A little flash dance. Love It. Oh, very flash dance. Not even just a little. Where are you at Specifically? I'm in a nursing room, so I run a childcare center for a corporate client so they can bring their children to the center at the workplace. Oh, Lovely.


And what state are you in? Pennsylvania. Mm, Pennsylvania. Nice, beautiful place. Bethlehem specifically home of the peep, it's Pee. Wow. The peep, the Marshmallow pee. Oh, the little marshmallow. And how many times have you been to that factory? They Don't open up to tour anymore, but I drive past it almost every week. Oh, But did you grow up there? You must have gone on field trips. Yes. We have a giant peep drop at New Year's Eve too. Oh fun. That's hilarious. Okay, so where was your Jury Duty experience? Okay, so do you know the song Allentown by Billy Joel In Allentown? So this takes place in Allentown, not far from Bethlehem at all.


And it was in 2013, and I got a summons for a homicide trial. Ooh. The kind of heaviness of this all started to settle in when I realized this defendant had just turned 19. Oh. So when it happened, he was 18 and so was the victim. And Pennsylvania has the death penalty. Oh. Ooh. This is a lie. It is. Philosophically, does someone that committed a murder deserved to die? And I'm not a religious person, but I certainly didn't wanna be the reason that this young man is put to death. Yeah, for sure. It's a lot of responsibility.


In addition to that whole circumstance, I have really bad panic disorder, especially in places that I think I can't leave. So planes, trains, boats anywhere. I don't have control of the situation, mostly because I have IBS. Oh, wonderful. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Interesting. Yeah. When I'm in an airplane or I'm going on a trip, I don't eat at all before I get on the airplane. And I don't eat at all while I'm on the airplane because I have a fear. And your story is on armchair. Do not. Oh, no. Anything to my fear and my panic. I know it can happen anywhere if you learn one thing from this show.


So I was really careful about eating breakfast and making sure that I didn't have anything in my stomach. Going into the trial each day, we knew it was going to last probably a week minimum because it was a homicide trial and it was very heavily publicized. There was press there every day for our small little town. It was a big deal. I don't know. But a couple days in, I was feeling probably a little bit brave, my anxiety surge to just wear down a little bit. And I make these things called sun butter balls similar to peanut butter cups, but they're made outta sun butter, which is a sunflower seed spread.


And I roll the sun butter up with powdered sugar and I make a ball and I dip it in chocolate and then I freeze it and it's super yummy. I've had these, they're delish, But you can't eat just one. So I probably had five or six of them, of course. And a cup of coffee or two. Sure. We really loading the chamber. So I head into trial this day and I'm sitting in the juror box. You have to listen to all the evidence. And they had a lot of video testimony sitting there. I started to feel that little gurgle. Yeah, that little twinge in my lower belly. I'm sitting there and I'm thinking, okay, relax.


We're gonna break for lunch at some point. You can probably get through this, but it's working its way around and it's chocolate and sugar and coffee. Yeah. It's not a good combination. No, no. Even for someone without IBS, this is problematic. My panic settled in and then with my panic, I start to feel like I can't swallow like you're swallowing, but there's no saliva going down. And then I feel like I can't get any breath. 'cause then you're feeling like nothing's going into your lungs. And then my stomach's churning. Ah. Oh. And now I keep swallowing. Oh gosh. And it's sticky. And then I'm like, am I breathing? You know? Now I carry around a pulse ox, this little thingy that goes on your finger, and that will pull me out of a panic attack right away because it tells me you're breathing.


You have plenty of oxygen in your blood. Oh, that's a great hack. Yeah, great Hack. But I didn't have it this day. So now everything kind of just starts to fuzz around me. Everything is closing in and I don't know what to do. So I just stick my hand up really high and the lawyer stopped talking. The murder trial stops, The whole courtroom just stops. And the judge looks at me and I'm like, I have to go to the bathroom. So he is like, okay, I guess we're calling a recess files. Everybody out of the courtroom. We have to go all the way back to the delivery room. Oh my God, this is a nightmare. I am now in full blown panic attack. Plus I have to go to the bathroom.


So they lead me into this little room and I'm just sitting there. I do what I have to do and it's not pretty sure. It's just not good. And then I'm like, I don't wanna go back out there. I'm totally mortified. Yeah. Oh. So I just sit there. And you're hoping that the smell will dissipate over time? Is that the goal? I Don't know what. I'm hoping you just wanna Disappear. Just that you'll vanish. Yeah. Somehow magically. I just know that there's a whole trial that has to take place. Oh my God. I mean we are deciding this young man's f Yes. Diarrhea will come in literally anytime. It knows no stakes. You Know the think about the victim's families out there. The defendant's family's out there.


Every family's out there. The press is out there. So finally I just hear this little like knock at the door. And it's the judge. I mean this nice little old man judge. And he's like, young lady, are you okay? And I was like, I think I'm okay. He's like, we really need to get my moving.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card today and start earning up to 3% daily cash back on everyday purchases. And that daily cash can even grow automatically when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. What are you waiting for? Visit apple.co/card calculator today to see how much daily cash you can earn. Subject to credit approval savings available to Apple card owners, subject to eligibility, savings. And Apple Card by Goldman Sachs. Bank, USA member FDIC. Terms and more@applecard.com.


We are supported by Michigan. Ding, ding, ding. Oh, I'm such a proud Michigander. I love Michigan. The people, the nature in summertime in Michigan, I'm telling you I would put it up against any place in the world. It's such a beautiful state and it's a great place for everyone, especially kids, to experience all four seasons with beaches, trails and snow. A stones throw away. What you may not know is Michigan is also a great place to work. You can have a quality lifestyle and a rewarding tech career. The fast growing and rapidly evolving. Automotive and clean energy industries offer opportunities for career advancement no matter what your skill level. Plus Michigan offers accessible housing, exciting nightlife, and an inclusive community for all. It's really a one of a kind place. And do not forget the Lakes. Lakes, lakes, lakes, lakes, lakes. Live your best nine to five and five to nine. You can in Michigan. Go to the Michigan life.org to learn more.


We are supported by Square. Your favorite neighborhood spots run on Square. We looked into the local businesses in our area that use Square. And it turns out some of our favorite places are square users. The will turn Lalo Coffee and Frogtown. Yeah, That's a yummy Spot. I'll be on my bike ride and I'll slide in there. And they're using Square. Square is more than just the point of sale for local businesses like these. They know that local business can be big business, but with growth comes more complexity. And as things get more complex, square meets you at every opportunity. Whether it's expanding to new locations, building a loyal following, or covering cash flow gaps. What started as a little white card reader is now powering things behind the scenes square. Knocks out today's to-dos and unlocks. Tomorrow's what ifs. Go to square.com/go/d to learn more. That's S-Q-U-A-R e.com/go/dax square meet you there.


So I do. I come out. That whole day was kind of a blur and the trial progresses. It goes on for about a week. We all have to come to some conclusion and a unanimous conclusion. What we're going to decide for this young man. We decide on third degree murder. So no intent because he was having an altercation with his girlfriend's ex-boyfriend. He fired at the car with a gun during an altercation. The bullet went through the car, killed this other young man. So we really decided he wasn't gonna get the death penalty. The trial ends and they have to escort you to the parking garage by a police escort because they don't want you in the mix of the press or to be seen by any families.


So it just happened during this Jury Duty that I was placed on the jury with one of my family's mothers. So one of the children that I take care of, she was on the jury with me. So we get out to the parking garage, the police escort out there, and she's like, oh my God, I forgot my paperwork for work. And I was like, well, you don't really need it, it's fine. She said, no, I'm not gonna get credit for Jury Duty. We have to head back to the courthouse to get my paperwork. So I'm like all dramatic. And I'm like, well we can't go in there looking like we left because they're going to know we were on the jury. So you take down your hair, I'll mess up my hair. Oh wow. We'll change jackets.


Oh wow. We'll go incognito. So we have to kind of sneak back into the courthouse to get back to the deliberation room to get her paperwork. We get her paperwork and we decide we're going to leave the back way of the courthouse. We come around the corner and the courthouse is connected to the coroner's office back then, it's not anymore. And there's this man smoking a cigarette, leaning against the courthouse. And he looks at me and I look at him and he is like, Hey Stacy. And I'm like, oh hey. And we realized we went to high school together. So we were sitting there, we're chitchatting. We catch up, we go our separate ways.


And he messages me a couple days later on Facebook and we end up dating and we end up getting engaged. Oh my God. Me cute. Oh, Is he a corner? He Was for many years, yes. Oh wow. Wow. We were together for five years. It was lovely. We are no longer together. But I met my current boyfriend through him and we've been together for a couple years and very, very happy. So in a sense, I always say I've met my current love through him and through the whole homicide trial. Oh my God. The story has it all. Well, it's rare that you get a unauthorized evacuation Jury Duty in a me cube, murder in a murder in a corner, all in one story, In a disguise Espionage.


We Really got it all. Wow. It's never on another homicide trial again. I think I would do better nowadays If you had any curiosity about tracking whether or not that kid was released. I looked up the case yesterday because when it was going on, they called it the Danny versus Manny case because one of the young adults was named Danny. One was named Manny. I could only find the article from 2013, which said that he was sentenced 21 to 40 years. So I would have to do a little bit more digging to see what happened to him. I hate that story. Me too. Fucking 18. Yeah. It's just such a hard decision because if it was something like torture or pedophile, I don't know.


I think my decision would be different. But you have to kind of figure out if he really meant to murder somebody or if it was an accident, Or if he's a threat to others. And this is why a jury of your peers is a genius invention because they will mid out justice sometimes in between the letter of the law, which is appropriate. You know, if it's just by the book and it's prosecutors and defendants, juries can have a way of finding the best version of justice, I think. Well, I will say also juries don't have reputations to uphold. Yeah. And you're really supposed to look at the evidence. They just kept saying, don't bring your emotion into it. When I went back to look at the article, it said we had deliberated so much longer than they expected.


And I remember because we could not all agree. Oh wow. Well Stacey, it's just lovely meeting you. Yeah, yeah. We appreciate that story. My daughter, Anna really wanted to be here because she is an x-ray tech and she had a case the other day involving a cucumber that she was so excited to share with you. She ended up not being able to be here. But I said I would make sure I told Her what a gift. Just love hearing that. Yeah, I love hearing about a cucumber lodged in someone's rectum. And then my other two kids, Mia and Jack, and then my boyfriend Brian. So I said I would give them all a shout Out. Shout out to all. Okay. Well wonderful. So nice meeting you Stacy.


Nice To see you. Bye-bye. Okay, take care. Did you make the connection of Jury Duty? D-O-O-D-I-E-I-E? Yeah. Jury Duty. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Tim loves dad. Oh, exciting. Oh boy. Look at this. Really good to see you guys. Okay, so for the listening audience, we're joined now by one of my very first friends in Los Angeles, the esteemed Tim Love Dead. We went through the groundlings together. We've done every darn thing together, haven't we? We've Done a lot. Some of it we can't talk about. You Know what I probably missed the most is how much you and I drove around in your Tacoma pickup truck in Hollywood and just interacted with people.


It was like friendly, heckling, Heckler that are like funny and have a good spirit. Yeah. We Would always compliment people, but in a very crass way. So like we would say like, Hey sweet fucking hat. Right? It's a compliment. But there was swearing an aggressive compliment. Yes. And a lot of shouting. 'cause I have a very loud voice, so it kind of would startle them. Okay. So Tim, I don't even know if I knew you had a Jury Duty story, but maybe as you'll tell it, I'll remember. So As DAXs points out, I worked in the grocery industry for a long time. Oh Yeah. To bring listeners up to date, I often tell the story of you blowing out your ACL while cash registering. I did by standing, I was on light duty for like three months. I was just checking like, hi, how are you today?


Beep beep. And I was like, Nothing. Some sort of tendon rupture. I was like, ah. It's One of the worst ACL stories I ever heard. It's like only thing that could be taught by a guy who was taking a nap and fucking woke up. 'cause it snapped A hundred percent. But they were great about Jury Duty. So a lot of us, when you would get Jury Duty, it was like, oh, I'm gonna take it. Because back then you would sit around for three or four days until you got on a trial and you got your full pay. So for us it was like, why not go to Jury Duty? So I'm on Jury Duty and back then it was a big room full of people. And as you could probably imagine, it's a real mixed bag. On my first day they called a whole group of people, maybe 40 of us, and we went into a big room and it was a courtroom, but it looked like a bigger holding room.


And they handed out this leaflet, almost like a workbook you'd get at school. And each one of us got one and then the clerk of the court stood up and said this, you need to fill out now. You cannot discuss it with anyone in the room. What you're filling out, what your answers are, you're to return it directly on your way out the door and we'll see you tomorrow at 7:00 AM. Hmm. It was probably like 75 questions. The questions were interesting too because it would be like, is anyone in law enforcement in your family? Which is a question you would expect to get. But then they would be like, have you ever visited Northridge, California? Oh, I was like, yeah, I live right there. Like that's my mall. Like what are we talking about? So the questions would be either very broad or super specific.


It would be like, have you ever heard of anyone ever hiring someone to kill their spouse? Oh, Oh, oh. Do you think back in black is the best AC CDC song? Is Eddie Van Halen overrated? So Super specific. So anyway, we come back at 7:00 AM and we can't really talk to each other 'cause we don't know what we're talking about. They called 14 of us and they went into a courtroom. We still don't know what this case is. Maybe it's a hour and a half later, they call another 10 and I'm in that next 10. They had warned us when they gave us this workbook that this case we could be sequestered for up to three months. Oh my. Oh my God. Hold On a second.


Hold on a second. Even if you love the setup by getting paid from Vaughn's, I mean that's too much for me. I'm probably thinking of ways I could get myself out of it. But Also you could be on Robert Durst case. Like you could be part of like an OJ landmark. Yeah. Yeah. So wait, the three months didn't scare you. You were like, absolutely I wanna be here the whole year. Okay. I get to stay at a hotel. I get paid my full run. Tim, how old were you At the Time? I wanna say 25. Okay. A hotel sounds awesome. And Also I'm always about the story. Like there's gonna be a good story out of this. Yeah. Which may or may not be true as we go along anyway. They call me into the room and I am excited to be there.


I've got my backpack with like the stuff that I was reading. I have snacks, I might have a cold drink and I walk in very confidently and sit down. I looked and I knew this woman that was on trial because I used to watch the news rabidly and I knew right away that this was, I can say her name because she's in prison, Mary Ellen Samuels and her case involved her hiring a guy to kill her husband, which he did. And then she hired a guy to kill the guy. Oh. Oh. Oh. That had killed her husband. So it was a double murder. Wow. Wow. Black widow. Well you know they called her the Green Widow.


Oh, Why? Because after her husband died, the famous picture when the case went to trial was her bathing in a hundred dollars bills in Las Vegas. Oh, Did he have some insurance money? Yes, insurance and pension money. And so I knew right away I'm like Northridge, that's where it happened. Like I was locked in. But more than anything, I didn't wanna look nervous. You know that previous knowledge of the case is likely to get you booted off the jury, right? Or that's my understanding. So are you going into this going like, I'm gonna lie my ass off and just say I've never heard of her. No, because I think this was obviously pre oj, but they knew that people knew.


Okay. Especially in the LA area. I think some of the questions involve like how much do you watch local news and You're like all of it. 5, 6, 7 30. I'm all over it. So I'm sitting there, they've got 12 up there and two alternates and they'll go, juror number one, you used to work for this cleaning company? Yes I did. Okay. We'd like to excuse that juror. For whatever reason, they're popping people on and off. So they call my number to go up there. Oh My gosh. So exciting. That's so scary. So I go up into the jury box and I shit you not. I am as comfortable as someone could be. I put my backpack down, I look around, Hey, okay. Yeah. Hi. You would think I was at a barbecue. I was so excited.


Oh, you're juror eight. I'm nine. That's fun. Yeah. And so I sit down and the prosecuting attorney goes, whatever my number was, juror of 75. You look very comfortable up there. I said, yeah, yeah, I do. She goes, we'd like to excuse Jeremy. Seven, Five. Oh fuck that. Oh no. Not for being too comfortable. That's so sad. She Just doesn't want that guy persuading people on her jury. You are too boy Scouty too Excited and literally picked up my backpack and looked around. I was pissed off. Yeah. Like these people, you're gonna miss me when I'm gone. So I left and back then you just get thrown back in the pool.


You look like a jerk coming back like, yeah, I didn't get on a case. Guys don't get comfortable. Yeah, It's like an audition. They give you notes, you have to go. Yeah. Yeah. Like think on them, come back. Also in my head I'm thinking, well that was it. Like that was gonna be awesome. This is your last day of Jury Duty. So you were gonna get on the hotel room circuit and you blew it. Had you packed an overnight back? Like were you still certain you might be sleeping at a hotel that you brought your swimsuit with you that day? Oh my god, Honestly, this is so embarrassing. I was like, do I still have to pay rent at my apartment? 'cause there's something I can work out with the judge. So I get on this next jury thing and it's much smaller. We sit down, there's 12 of us, two alternates.


The prosecuting attorney, they said, do you have any objections? They may have asked us a couple of questions, but it was quick. It was like, okay, trial starts tomorrow. Oh. So we show up. It's a criminal case. And this guy, it doesn't look like he got those clothes from home. His suit, it looks like he might still be incarcerated. You're not supposed to think that, but we could all sort of see. And this guy was staring at all of us, like he wanted to kill us. He was mad dog in the jury. Not A great strategy. So we're on the jury, and this case involves this guy who was a burglar, who went into houses in Van Nuys and creeped in people's windows and stole jewelry. And then we go through residence telling their, oh, I saw a hand come in and an orange van drove away.


And so we're all writing it down. Side Note, don't take an orange van to a crime. It's so memorable. Jaggy and Scooby, were hanging out the side. So the next day we come in and there's a guy in an orange jumpsuit in the witness stand, and he's looking, all the women who just happened to be in the front row of the jury box, he's looking them all up and down. The judge says, okay, we're gonna start the trial. And he says to this guy in the jail outfit, you promise to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God. And he goes, fuck no. Oh, Great. And all of us are like, what do we do now? So the judge says, we'd like to dismiss the jury. We come back in and the judge says, you're too ignore what you just saw.


Don't let it in your mind. So the clerk comes up and says, do you promise to tell the truth, the whole truth, but nothing but the truth? And he goes, fuck no. Oh My God. Are we allowed to remember that one? Oh, we leave. And meanwhile, every time he says, fuck no, he walks by the jury box and he's looking at these women. It's crazy. Ugh. So we come back in. Now after the second time, the judge says, you're to ignore everything you saw. He's not here. He's not in the room. So we go on with the trial, and there's probably 15 counts against this guy on burglary. Three of them. Rock solid fingerprint, saw the guy, saw his van.


Is that your van? Yes, it is. The whole thing. So we go in the jury room. The first three are very easy, but the last 12, it's like they just threw him in there. There was no evidence, there was no nothing. But all the women are like, no, fuck that guy. He's going away for a long time. I don't care if there was no evidence. We spent all of a day talking. This isn't what the case is about. It has to be based on the evidence. Were you taking a lead role in that? Be honest. At 25, No. There was a really good foreman. It was this guy who was like a construction guy, and he had his own construction company. So I think he was used to that sort of teamwork thing. I was just popping in when I could, but not really too much. So we go out, we're ready with our verdict.


He's guilty on three counts. They escort the guy out, and the lead detective comes over and talks to us and says, what happened on those other counts? At that point, we had developed our story, like there was no evidence. The evidence wasn't good. You guys just threw him in there. And the guy goes, yeah, that's 'cause it was that guy's van. And we basically seized his van illegally. All the evidence was illegal, so we couldn't present it here. But he's very much guilty of those other 12 counts. And basically they knew they couldn't present it because that guy in the orange jumpsuit was in prison and felt wronged by the bad evidence. And that was still pending. He basically had come out to show his friend, I'll never testify against you.


Interesting. And it's a nice drive out the Van Nuys and not being in prison all day. Yeah. Whoa. All the women on the jury, of course, were like, see, we should have just prosecuted him. Women are always right. At the end of the day. I think that's the Lesson. You did the right thing. They did not follow protocol. Yeah. But if I had gotten on that first case, I know. Oh, oh boy know. How long did that trial end up going? Did you like follow that at all? I did. It was three months, and then she did get two life sentences and she's got the death penalty. She did. Really? She's still alive. The Green widow. She's Still on, but we don't have Anymore. They sent people to death row, but no one ever gets killed in California. I didn't know we had it anymore.


I don't know if we do anymore. Huh? But mostly people get sentenced there and then it doesn't even happen. Wow. Yeah, she's still the green widow. I'm dying to see that photo of her swimming around in some cash. Would've Been, was it televised? That one? No. Obviously it was before OJ and all those, but it was pretty famous. Wow. So you just were going as many times as you could because you were getting outta work. Yeah. And I was like, okay, so I gotta sit in this room and read three or four days. And they paid you and it wasn't too bad. It's A good attitude to have. Well, Love said, I love you. I love you Guys. I do wanna say, today is Vinny's graduation day. Oh. And that's my son, Vinny. He's an avid listener of just Armchair Anonymous. That's How it is. You don't wanna fuck with the feelings, just the diarrhea.


Yes. Alright. So fun to have you. Thanks for chatting as a guest. Thank you for all you do. I'll see you at the next roller skating event. Oh yeah. Oh yes. You'll, and thank Mallory for letting us commandeer his workspace. I will, For sure. All right. Be well. Bye. Well sit on the ew oh oh oh Oh. That's her. That's Her. That's her and the money. She seems cool, Kylie. She seems happy. I could see wanting that photo, but I would be, and this is so inconsistent with me putting my shoes on everything, but I wouldn't want all those dollar bills on my skin. I don't think you're thinking of that when you're doing what she's doing. No. You know, you're not worried about germs. No.


It's on her vagina. It is. Yeah. I mean, how much would it cost you? What's the price tag the next time you pee a wipe with a dollar bill? Oh yeah. So there's like wedding, The real number, The real number wipe with once Or until dry. I don't, they're not very absorbent. I do it for $5,000 Right now. Really think of it. You grab the dollar bill. Imagine holding this dollar bill. Yeah, do. And now you're gonna do I see Stuff on it. Yeah. It's a fucking old a, you got it from seven 11 has changed from buying a pack of cigarettes. Oh, maybe worse. Maybe it came out at the tip jar. But then at a truck, how much does it cost to get a disease?


Yes. That's pretty much what you're really, or minimally. A UTI. Yeah. Okay. So what I would definitely do is immediately start taking cranberry pills and tell my doctor, like, I'm probably gonna need to get on an antibiotic and Just wipe with a wand. Yeah. Just swiped from something out of the tip jar. But don't worry, I did get 5K. Let's go. Yeah, I think that's light. I think you're saying 5K. And then if I handed you a dollar bill and sent you on your way, you wouldn't do it. But I Think actually, because I wanna be like, actually I think it's 50, 50 bucks or 50 K. Okay. But I don't, I think it's less. I think you'd be surprised. Oh, I like it. I like the side of you, the scrappy side. Okay. How about 10,000?


Okay. So I can go on like a fun shopping spree. Now, if I were in my twenties and I was listening to this, I would be like 50 bucks guys. I would eat a dollar bill for a hundred bucks. I know. And swallow it. Well, I'm sorry you're putting me in this Position. No, I know. If you asked me, I'm also screwed. It's How much would you pay for maybe aids? Well, I don't think AIDS can live on a dollar bill, but, but A UTI for sure. All right. All right. Love you. Love You. Do you wanna sing a tune or something? A Theme song? Oh, Okay, great. We don't have for this new show. So here I go, go, go. We gonna ask some random s.


Get Enjoy. Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at wondery.com/survey.


This is Nick. And this is Jack. We're best friends, ex finance guys, and resident nineties experts. And every week on our podcast the best idea yet, we're bringing you the untold stories behind your favorite products. For instance, can you guess which billion dollar fashion company went viral? Thanks to a rhinestone covered tracksuit? Oh, or which cartoon turned four turtles into a global toy empire by accident? It started as a joke. Last one, which cold beverage was so hated by Starbucks, they actually ended up acquiring it. Spoiler. The Frappuccino. Howard Schultz apparently thought cold coffee was super lame. And then he bought it from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to Juicy Couture to the orange Mocha. Frappuccino. Join us every week to learn how your favorite things got made. Follow the best idea yet on the Wonder App or wherever you get your podcasts. And you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus. And if this podcast lasts longer than 45 minutes, call your doc.