
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome. Welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm Dan Rather, and I'm joined by the Duchess. Hi, The Sharky Sharky Duchess. We need to do these more. We need to do these as regularly as poopy your pants because nurses deliver Every time. Holy smokes. Do they deliver? It's so harrowing. Their job. It is. Boy, they go through it all.


Heroes Day in and day out. I love nurses so much. I Know. Me too. They're just a party in their stories. They Have great personalities. They have to. Yeah. You have to be so mentally tough. Yeah. And positive. And Positive and funny. I know to Get through. I know it's really special. We learned a new term as well. I've already forgotten it. But we learned a term about an object in your butt and it has a very specific terminology. It might even become a prompt object. Fuck. What is it? Should we look it up? Rectum. Oh, Foreign body rectal. Foreign body. Foreign Body. Yeah. Form body. We learned that all nurses have a form body and rectum store.


Oh. Which is exciting as all hell. Please enjoy. Nurses part two.


We are supported by Mint Mobile. It's time to leave your overpriced wireless plans. Jaw dropping. Monthly bills and unexpected overages get huge savings with Mint Mobile. They're offering any three month plan for only 15 bucks a month. Even their unlimited plan. All plans come with high speed data and unlimited talk and texts delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. You can even bring your current phone and number ditch Overpriced Wireless with Mint Mobile. It's so easy. Sign up online and get three months of premium wireless service for 15 bucks a month. Switch to mint and new customers can get half off an unlimited plan until February 2nd. To get your new wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month and to get the plan shipped to your door for free, go to mint mobile.com/dax. That's mint mobile.com/dax. $45. Upfront payment required equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only speed slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. See Mint Mobile for details.


We are supported by Quince when it comes to winter. Cozy is king for the ultimate cold weather necessities made from premium materials. You've gotta check out Quince. With Quince, you can treat yourself to true quality at an affordable price, like something everyone needs in their closet. Quince, Mongolian, cashmere sweaters, which start at just $50 for real cashmere. That's a great deal. Or they're super soft fleece sweatpants, which are a major upgrade to those old sweats you've had forever. No matter what you're looking for. All Quince items are priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands, and they use premium fabrics and finishes for that high quality feel in every piece. I saw some of these items appear on a very, very trusted gift guide from a friend. Oh really? Yeah. The sweatpants are on there. People love the sweatpants and really great for travel. Yeah, I'm eyeing those sweatpants, luxuriate in coziness without the luxury price tag. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for 365 day returns plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


All times come and go Slow. How are you Guys? I'm gonna go out on a limb right now. You're the first of four nurses we're gonna talk to. And the second I saw your face, I literally was like, all right, nurses are the most fun people on the planet. Thank you. That's the biggest compliment. I'd like to think I'm a fun person. Anyone that can see the shit you guys see hourly and be laughing and smiling. I mean that's my kind of people.


Well, If you don't laugh, you'll cry. Right. It's a good attitude. So Goes the adage. Where are you at Peyton? I'm in Charlottesville, Virginia. Okay. Okay. How do you like it there? I like it. I'm from Minneapolis, Minnesota and this is a small town feel. We're just here 'cause my husband's going to grad school, so it's just a short two years. It's Charming. No. Oh yeah. Very historic, but yeah. But a troubled past. Is that what you wanted to say? World beating around the bush that the most horrific thing ever happened. There must be. Is that palpable sick when you're there or have people moved on? It's palpable. Especially because I work in an elementary school now as a nurse and it's crazy. They have to do a whole bunch of rezoning for the school districts because it was historically racist zoning.


So now they're like trying to go back and redo it all. Wow. Yeah. I'm gonna add, I have another stereotype, not just about nurses, but I have a stereotype about Minnesotans. I would argue that Minnesotans are like Michiganders, but a little even elevated. What's that mean? They have so much Scandinavian in 'em, right? That they're modest by nature. They hate attention and acclaim. So it's kind of the same stock as Michigan. But they have this nice layer of humility. I'd say. I Would say the humility aspect didn't hit me. Oh good. I love talking about Minnesota. I think it's the best Well home of Prince. Any place that can claim Prince. Yeah, okay. I'm sure you've racked up many stories as a nurse, but you're gonna hit us with one in particular.


This is back in 2021 in Minneapolis. I'm a new baby nurse and I'm working in the emergency department. I came in and I had an empty room and I was the next to get a patient lucky me, which is always scary. So I go to the room, I meet the patient. Immediately upon entering the room, I am struck with the worst smell in the world. Oh, oh, Perfect. I just ate. This is great. Immediate infection. Smell. Oh, Infection Smell is such a bad combo of words. Well, evolutionarily it has to be the one where most repulsed spiral. I have a mask on which I don't think is really doing much, but maybe a little. Do you guys ever put anything on your nose? We Have a little like essential oil sticks One time D said you should put a Jolly Rancher in there.


I did say that. I said that. Yeah, you did. Oh, If you tried that, I'll try that next time. I don't try that because I don't want you to choke. I'm assessing this patient. I'm like, where is this coming from? I don't see anything right away, but she's like the cutest little five foot. Monica. Monica. Oh grandma for sure. But she's old. Okay. Old Monica. In her seventies, she has a scarf wrapped around her head and I am like, what's your emergency? What brings you in? She says, oh, I just haven't been feeling well the past few days. Okay, she doesn't really go on. And I'm like, what's your history? And she says, well, nine months ago I had a cranio. Plasty. What's that? A section of her skull was missing from a birth defect.


And so she had to have a mesh plate put in to reform the skull. She really waited a while. Sounds like, like I was say, she got through most of her life with this gap. I think it's something that gets redone. Oh, that Makes sense. I leave the room to go get the doctor, brief them that you might wanna put a double mask on. We go back into the room and the doctor's like, can you take your scarf off? I wanna see you like what's happening under there? Oh No. She removes it. There is a quarter to half an inch slit open at the top of her forehead. We can see the mesh plate. Oh. And her brain. Oh, You can see grandma's brain.


We Can see granny's brain. Oh Her brain. And we're like, alright, there we Go. Bingo. Apparently brains stink. Now we know. And it like is very clearly infected. Oh, like it's like red. It doesn't look well. Am I right to assume that's the last thing you want Infected? Definitely. And she was off in all the ways. What Happens if the scarf comes off and you go, you can't help it sometimes You can't do that, can You? Did you? I mean you definitely probably shouldn't, but being a new nurse, thank God for the mask because I was not expecting grandma's brain to be out. Of course. Right. You're not watching pulp fiction. You're Only human.


Yeah. So we're like, have you been taking care of it? And she's like, I was taking pretty good care of it. I keep the scarf on. Oh I changed the gze. It's been going well. Like okay, has anything been irritating it? Anything you can think of? And she says, no, I take the scarf off at night and then my cats like to lick it. Stop. Stop it. Yes. This Is the nasty I nurses have all the deets. I almost said something really bad. I'm not gonna say it. She deserves, Hey don't victim shame her. You're Gonna let your cat lick your open brain. She said she likes to, she wants to make mittens happy.


And Also she didn't do her research. Cats love human brains. They eat them. Well They either face. Yeah. Yeah. The cat got a little ahead of itself. I think the cat was like Grandma's dying and dead and I can't wait. I definitely think mittens was like, she's on her way out. I gotta have a slice. So she obviously had to be admitted to the hospital 'cause that's not good. But since it was CO time, it took three days to get her from the emergency department up to a room. So for the three days she was down there. The entire back hallway just smelled the whole time. Oh. Oh. We obviously attempt to clean it. We started IV antibiotics and would do the basic treatment, but we weren't like getting in there.


Yeah. Because someone needed to go in their surgically and get rid of this necrotic flesh and everything and Drain all the cat saliva And pull the cat babies out of her head. Don't say cat babies in a brain. Oh my mitten's kittens. She was Kind of like Voldemort, you know when, what's his name's wearing the scarf and then he takes off in Voldemort's there. Yes. Professor quarrel. Yes. I literally was thinking that. It's literally that. Oh my god. You never know what someone's hiding under there. And then what was her spirits? She sounds very nice. She was The sweetest little lady. So kooky. If you were in the room, she'd tell you everything you wanted to know about anything.


Yeah. But she was also crazy. Literally cat saliva induced, crazy Madness. Yeah. Maybe you can say madness Though. So we don't know if she was nice or not. Maybe that was part of the delirium. What Ended up happening to granny? She got a room, obviously She got a room and that's all I know. I'm glad. I don't wanna know the end of this. This is rough. At this hospital we had a lot of frequent flyers and I never saw her again. Okay, Well that's good. And would you have heard if she had passed in that upstairs room? They would. They have told you probably. Okay. So I think all signs point to she's probably with mittens now on her lap.


All signs point to she turned into a cat. I think her brain turned into a cat brain and now she thinks she's a cat. Peyton, what If you saw her boogieing down the sidewalk on all fours with the most agility you'd ever seen. That would be amazing. I'd have to call you guys back. What an experiment. I have a hunch we're gonna talk to you again because I'm sure you were probably debating which story to even tell. I, I was talking to my husband and I was like, I don't have any stories. Just the cat lady. I was like, yeah, you should submit that. That's a pretty good one. Just the cat. Just the cat. That really puts a new spin on cat lady. Yeah. Do you think that's Laura's dream in life? No, don't say that. Do have her Brain lick to buy her cat Stew? Probably. This is what happens with people who love cats.


They love them way too much. It's kind of a good ending I guess so. Oh, what a joy that was. Thank you. Yeah, thanks For sharing. Can my husband come say hi? Of course. Oh, you're as cute as they come. Look at the symmetry. It's completely homogeneous. And you're in graduate school And your teeth are that nice. It's awesome to see you guys. I wanted to say we drove from Virginia to Minneapolis before the holidays, which is about 18 hours and we listen almost exclusively to armchair. Oh. Oh, That's so nice. Is there one moment that was your favorite? Any anonymous, but we just listened to the Munchhausen by proxy.


Andrea Dunlop. I don't have munchhausen wanna say? Oh yeah. Thank you for clarifying. Well you guys don't have a child yet. No. You can still have it with a partner and stuff, but It's most common for the mothers to be in the medical. Yeah, yeah. We'll Let you know. Okay. Keep us updated on that. Well again, we were gonna talk to you about another nurse story, but it might be like, tell us about a story of inflicting moon Childs on your child. I'll wait for that prompt. For sure. Well delightful meeting both of you. Good luck down there in Virginia. Thank You. Thank you very much. Thank you. So nice to meet. Hello, is this Lucy? Yes, It's How you doing? Have we caught you at work? Yes, I'm at work in a nice fancy little telephone booth. And if there were any doubt of the validity to your claim of being a nurse, you are currently in scrubs, which really lends to your case.


Yeah, right. I'm out of the bedside now, so I, I'm in healthcare education and simulation. Ooh. Oh, and where are you in the country? I'm up in Canada. Okay. So I assume you have a kabillion stories you could have told. Did you have a hard time whittling it down to which one? No, I definitely have a lot of stories, but this one has just always been kind of in the forefront. So I've been in the emergency room for most of my career. Always small town, always rural hospitals so you can get creative Farming accidents, Wood splitter against foot, you know, never a good thing. So I've done some travel nursing too in small urban cities to fly and fly out communities.


Oh, like in the bush you mean? Fly in, fly out. More on the coast in BC or up in the Yukon. Oh Wow. It's been very cool. Who Would've thought nursing could take you as many places as like a flight attendant And be able to make a good income and have some paid travel and accommodation and learn and meet a lot of cool people and see the country at the same time. So this would be the one you're at a dinner party and they want to hear a story. This is the one you always reel out If they're with nurses there, other healthcare providers. Sure. But not a layman. Not for Civilians. So small town emerge, someone comes into triage after biking in from a neighboring community. It's like a 15 minute drive. So it's not a short bike comes in, not really saying much, not making great eye contact, being a little elusive, just repeating that he wants to see a doctor.


We try and obtain a little bit more pertinent information. The triage process is important and only get out of them pain back there. Great. Because I was gonna say, the times I've had to go to the doctor and talk about something I just really don't want to talk about. I have decided I'm willing to tell this one person. In your mind, you've committed to that and then you get there and you start realizing, no, I'm gonna have to tell many people and I hate that. Hmm. Is that common where like they don't really want to tell you 'cause they've already decided only one person shall ever know this. Yeah, It can happen. And then also at the same time, like you're writing it down. So that's a whole other added layer that people don't love. Yeah.


We are supported by Anytime Fitness. At any time. Fitness, you get more than machines, you get a personalized plan in gym and in-app coaching support and a welcoming community. And when you're working toward a fitness goal, knowing you aren't alone is huge. Anytime Fitness welcomes everyone from gym newbies to fitness fanatics members encourage each other to be strong, inspiring you to reach your goals and have fun along the way. Plus the coaches at Anytime Fitness are there to collaborate with you, to build a comprehensive personalized plan to get you where you want to go. They'll offer you ongoing accountability and recognition, challenging you to keep improving along the way. As you know, the number one cornerstone to my own mental health is physical fitness. It's working out. That has done more for me than any other thing. If I can get an hour in of workout, I generally have a pretty good day with easy anytime. Access to more than 5,000 global locations. All the equipment you need to reach your goals and expert coaching to help optimize your personalized training, nutrition, and recovery plan. Today is a great day to check it out for yourself. Get started@anytimefitness.com.


We are supported by ZipRecruiter. Oh, get recruiting. According to research. A major challenge many employers face is the pressure to hire quickly. It's a tough hurdle to overcome. It's so time consuming to search for great candidates and sort through applicants. Well, If you are an employer who can relate, I have a question for you. Have you tried ZipRecruiter? ZipRecruiter has figured out how to solve this very problem. In fact, four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. And right now you can try ZipRecruiter for free at ziprecruiter.com/dax. ZipRecruiter smart technology starts showing your job to qualified candidates immediately. Their powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent so you don't waste time or money. See a candidate who'd be perfect for your job. You can use ZipRecruiter pre-written invite to apply message to personally reach out to your favorite candidates. So relax employers and let ZipRecruiter speed up your hiring. See for yourself. Just go to ziprecruiter.com/tax right now to try it for free. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/da x. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, check that you have all the ingredients for a recipe before you start cooking dinner. Or checking If you need to use the bathroom before you start recording. So you don't need to take a break. Mid show checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is intended for audiences in the US only. Savings vary terms. Apply. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


So they're referencing pain back there, just being pretty elusive and not wanting to say much. So we respect that and then get them back. So the physician goes in to assess a little bit later, comes out and orders some abdominal imaging. A little while later, imaging is ready and we review it to find a foreign body lodged nicely between those pelvic bones. Ah, Ooh. So deep up into his rectum. Yeah. So like a little callback this person biked in, Right? Oh my God. Yeah. Oh, All I can imagine hearing this is every pedal revolution, you know, just going up a little bit further. Ah, Oh no, this is sad. And is it clear from the imaging what the object is?


So it definitely had the structure of a bottle. The person just wasn't really saying a whole lot to everyone. So it had a bottle like shape, but I wouldn't be able to be like, oh that's a Coke bottle or something. Right, right. But we're rural hospital to try and get creative with what you have. Babies do get delivered here and there are like vacuum assisted devices for babies that it was pitched to see if maybe that could work. Ultimately didn't go with that. 'cause the physician could barely reach the object. If you had to guess how many inches beyond the anus it was, could you guess? He said He could barely touch it with his finger. Wow. Three or four inches up there. This Position's probably like your stature tooth. He Really had a long finger to work with.


Yes. So he could feel it a little bit. But obviously a vacuum camp suction too. That small of a piece and that piece of plastic, whatever it might've been. It took a lot of convincing and encouraging. But he really needed to go to the city to have a procedure to get it removed. The other concern with the imaging was there's free air on the x-ray, which means something might have perforated. Oh. So there's more severity there that you don't wanna mess around with rurally. And then also If you were just to simply like pull it out, it creates a vacuum. Oh, You kind of maybe gotta fill air around it. You might have to be inflating basically as you pull it out Or like have another hole in it elsewhere to kind of help prevent a vacuum and have all the intestines come with it.


Oh, I mean there's a lot to think about. Yeah, a lot to think about beforehand. This poor person, they finally came around to heading to the city. So a lot of times people don't necessarily come back for discharge or anything like that. Usually when they go, that's the last time we'll see them. Oh, I'm gonna guess. I mean his bike is there. Yeah. The next day he came back into emerge to pick up his bike seat. Oh This is, I find this sad. I Know. I feel so much for this person. It would be such a hard thing. It would have to go back to get your bike. And also you just had a pretty massive procedure up there and you're gonna now ride the Fact that he biked there in the first place. Yeah. I don't know what kind of procedure he had.


Obviously it wasn't an open abdominal anything because they were able to walk in the next day. Do we know what it was? I bet there'd be like a HIPAA issue. Like they couldn't call the next hospital and be like, Hey, what was that? I think wouldn't that violate HIPAA somehow? Yeah. I don't have confirmations of anything. Just what I saw on the x-ray, which was impressive for sure. I have an immediate guess. I think it was a bottle of conditioner. I think he was in the shower and he decided to masturbate and he thought it might feel nice to have this bottle up his butt. Now when you think back in your mind of the image, could it have been a conditioner bottle? It definitely looked like a drink bottle. Okay. Yeah. Oh wonderful. Yeah, I take it all back. He was sitting on a picnic table having a nice cold.


It was an accident. It was a pure accident. He just sat down. It got up there. It's the classic slip and fall. Yeah, classic. And I'm sorry to ask for this detail, but my assumption now is that the thin end was first. Yeah, Of course. Yep. Okay. But Also, do you think it was full Of the soda or whatever? Yeah. No. 'cause the cap would've had to have been also. That's what I'm thinking about. The cap in you. No, he would've taken the cap. I think it might've come up a bit more opaque too with the liquid in it. But yeah, classic slip and fall. I'm sure many nurses have this story. I hope he figured out how to enjoy that hobby without any further complications.


If someone wants to do that and that feels nice, I'm all for it. I just wish he didn't have to ride his Bike. No, that is really a cruel detail of the story. Plot twist for sure. The bike ride in couldn't have been comfortable. Now I'm double set. 'cause he didn't have anyone to call. But then I don't know that that's the truth either. 'cause he might've just been like, there's no way I'm calling anyone. But He also doesn't have a car. The only mode of transportation he has is that bike. That's a little telling. It's also small rural town. People know everyone. Right. Yeah. That's even worse. Well Lucy, thanks for sharing. This has been incredible. I kind of had fingers crossed we would get something stuck up the butt story. You read about those occasionally. Yeah. I figured it might be appealing in that sense based on what I've heard in the past.


Based on the tone of the show, I thought this might interest you. I've been listening to you guys since it started. This is crazy to see behind the scenes. We're so happy to have you. Yeah, thanks for listening. And from the bottom of my heart, I'm more grateful for y'all than even doctors. I think the stuff that you guys have to do Oh yeah. Is just the most impressive. From the Bottom of your butt. From the bottom of my butt To the bottom of your heart. Yeah. Nurses are pretty amazing. Alright, Well it was lovely meeting you. And again, thank you so much for the work you do. Thank you so much for this opportunity. All Right. Take care. Bye. Bye guys. Bye. What does bottom of my heart, The depths of my heart, the deepest part, but the Deepest part I feel like is this center, You're hung up on bottom.


'cause we're talking about someone's bottom. No, you said from the bottom of my heart. No, and then it made me think The rectum Of the heart. That's my point is we're talking about bottoms right now, like butt bottoms. But I'm just saying bottom of the heart doesn't feel that much more important than the middle of the heart, the core, the pulsing part From the top of my heart. Yeah. I'm just curious. Who made that up From the left chamber of my heart. Went to Churchill probably. Or Abraham Lincoln. Never gonna watch that. Doc. You already told me the whole doc. It was Abraham Lincoln. Yes. No, I'm just kidding. Hello. How are you guys? So good. Do you wanna use a code name? Let's go with the name. Evan, You look like an Evan.


Yeah. And I like the name Evan. Do you have a best friend named Evan or something? I don't. It's actually a family name. Oh, Okay. Okay. So Evan, where are you in the country? You can be as vague as you'd like. I just am curious. I'm in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. But funny enough, about a year ago I moved, I was in LA for 10 years and I lived in a pretty decent apartment complex right near Hollywood and Western. Oh. So I always used to go tomorrow and hope that I would run into Monica. Oh my God. Well, you're more likely to run into Rob. Yeah. I'm shocked you didn't run into Rob. Probably did. You probably did, but oh man, that would've been great. Now, were you on the hunt for Monica? So you could explore something romantic with her?


No, I'm actually gay. Oh, Okay. Okay. That's a bummer. I feel like that's more substantive. Yeah, it's more Pure. Yeah. I'm sorry, I missed you. Okay, so you are a nurse, I presume. I'm an emergency room nurse. For how long? It'll be 14 years this year. Okay. So you have a juicy story. I'm sure you've got many, but you have pared it down to This one. Oh God. I hope Juicy isn't an operating. Oh, I do. I hope Juice is involved in this story. No juice is in this story, but it's a pretty wild one. This doesn't take place in la. It does take place somewhere else. In California. I was working in a pretty busy emergency department. It was a level two trauma center. So we see pretty much all the crazy gunshots, stabbings, car accidents, falls, all of those things.


Will you tell us about the levels? I've never heard it being described as level one or two or three. It goes from level one to level four. Level one is the highest. So that's your Cedar-Sinai. The main difference between a level one and a level two is that they have neurosurgery 24 hours a day in house. Oh. So If you have a head injury, they can do procedures right then and there. Whereas level two, they have to bring a neurosurgeon in or they have to fly the patient depending on their injury to a different facility. Okay. Yeah. And then down to level four, it just really is resources that are available at that specific facility. So this particular hospital was a level two, but there were only two trauma centers in the area. So we would get a lot of the traumas and the crazy stuff along with just basic medical patients that come in.


This was around 20 17, 20 18, busy day in the emergency department. We had a lot of traumas coming in. The waiting room was full. But on top of that, we have a lot of psychiatric patients that are on a 51 50 hold. They're there on the hold for 72 hours for whatever reason. Either they're suicidal, homicidal, or gravely disabled, meaning they can't care for themselves. We're kind of responsible for those patients until they get to a psychiatric facility, which sometimes, you know, that can be days that they're in our emergency department. And is protocol the kind of, for lack of a better word, anesthetize them? Do you want to get them on some kind of benzo to calm everyone down? So it depends on their level of how violent they are. If you come in and just say, Hey, you know, I'm thinking of committing suicide, but they're willing to be there voluntarily.


That's one thing. Some other patients will be brought in by the cops because they tried to kill their spouse at that point. We hold them, but some of them are cooperative and they're calm. Other patients are a little less calm and we have to end up restraining them physically, or we have to sedate them with a chemical restraint. I remember this day we particularly had I think probably seven or eight psychiatric patients. Wow. Which is a lot. They'll be in our psych rooms. And then some of them are in the hallways, but typically they have to be a one-to-one sitter. And the person that's watching them has to be within arm's reach in case they try to hurt themselves. So we're busy doing our thing throughout the day. And the chief medical officer comes to the department and he quickly tells the team, Hey, we just received a call that there was a bomb threat made at the hospital, and we need to evacuate the emergency Department immediately.


Whoa. What's seven or eight? Does that mean bring them outdoors? Bring everyone? Oh My god. You know, there could be 50 patients, including the psychiatric patients outside. Oh, this is the worst kind of bomb threat. I'm gonna say. Yeah. This is a mean one. Yeah. I've worked places where there's been a threat called in. And we typically have security teams and the police are always there because of various reasons. But this particular day he made the decision that we need to evacuate the emergency department. So as the E ER nurses do, our team figures it out. A lot of times for disasters, we'll put up tents out in the parking lot. So the team began assembling the tents and trying to get patients out as quickly and as safely as possible. There may be 50 patients in the department and there's a handful of nurses.


Oh, This is horrible. The worst scenario that you could probably imagine in the emergency department. And we see awful things. So while trying to maintain all of the other patients, getting them out safely, you know the people that can't walk on their own. This really sick patients. We have to make sure that all of the psychiatric patients are accounted for. So we get them all outside, everything comes together perfectly. There's enough people to watch. We kind of quarantine the psychiatric patients to one area. We had security guard. There were cops there that had responded to the event. Everything seems to be going well. The bomb squad shows up and they clear the hospital and we're like, what exactly happened here? Why did we so quickly make this decision? So turns out, luckily none of the patients were harmed.


But the hospital operator, he was off shift, decided to call in a bomb threat. This was a guy that worked at our hospital. Oh. Calls in the bomb threat to an operator. Who is his coworker? Oh My God. Oh my God. There was really no way to verify this because they didn't release a 9 1 1 tape. But the story is that this person called the operator and the operator was like, is this you? Peter? I recognize your voice. And he's like, no, no, it's not me. Oh My


God. Ready to electrify your drive. Hyundai's. Cutting edge EV lineup is about to change everything you thought you knew about. Electric vehicles prepare to be captivated by a range. That's as bold as it is. Brilliant from the lightning fast. Iion five and Iion six, charging from 10 to 80% in a mere 18 minutes to the tech pack cabin's boasting, highway driving assist and blind spot collision Warning Hyundai avs are redefining the electric experience. And with America's best warranty, including a 10 year, 100,000 mile limited electric battery warranty, you'll drive with unmatched confidence. Hyundai's EVs aren't just the future, they're the now you've been waiting for. Learn more about Hyundais evs@hyundaiusa.com. Call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 4. Complete details. America's best warranty claim based on total package of warranty programs. See dealer for limited warranty details. See your Hyundai dealer for further details and limitations


Behind every bp, Philip, thousands of people across America go to work every day. People producing energy offshore people turning it into products at our refineries. People doing r and d to make products that are better for your engine. People trading and shipping fuels to their destinations. And the people who help you at one of VP's growing family of retail stations, they're part of the more than 300,000 jobs VP supports across the country. Learn more at vp.com/investing in America.


So the gentleman who was making the bomb threat apparently had made multiple bomb threats. He had worked at various facilities over the years. He called in a bomb threat to a school to various different township buildings. So he was calling in bomb threats for many years. Wow. They found out that it could have been potentially three or four years prior to this event. Evan, have you spent any time trying to get into the mind of why that would be satisfying? I can generally find my way into understanding people's motives, but I don't even understand what the pleasure of that is, other than if I just had this total ire for government and I wanted to keep fucking up municipalities, I can't really get it.


He was calling in the bomb threat and then showing up to work. I think this day he showed up a few hours later. I don't know if it was a thrill that he got from like being in and out. The chaos. Wow. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Well, they say that about arsonists that they often are there watching the fire. But Is he a hero? Is it like he comes in to help save the day? Ooh. I'm sure they're getting numerous calls like, Hey, is it safe to come into the hospital? Because I'm sure that word spreads quickly throughout the community. So I don't know what he was getting from that. Is it a ding, ding, ding? Did he get admitted to the psychiatric ward? I think he got admitted to the jail. Okay. The Jail ward. It was a wild day. But that team, I mean the ER is chaotic all the time, but it shows you how quickly we come together and no matter what the task at hand is, we just do what we have to to keep our patients safe.


Yeah. You're like the Marines. My first thought as someone who's always, that's incredible. Thinking about mechanical stuff is like, well certainly among those 50 patients, some of them have to be hooked to machines to stay alive that require electricity. Are there generators that are put out in the parking lot or are there battery supplies on these carts? So the patients that were on a ventilator at the time, there's two options. And we did have battery supply outside because we have patients with IV pumps. But you can also manually ventilate them. It's called an ambu bag. So you can just squeeze a bag to give them breaths. I don't remember that being a huge issue. And we have respiratory therapists that will kind of manage that. But yeah, those are things that go into our head. And we do disaster drills throughout the year and set up the tents and kind of practice what we would do.


Wow. In that scenario. So we truly are prepared at any given time for something like this to happen. It turns out it probably jumped the gun, for lack of a better phrase. We probably didn't need to evacuate, but it was good practice. In my 14 years, I've never experienced anything else like it. We're so lucky that you guys exist So lucky. Oh, They're practicing and they can do it. It's a pretty amazing career. You guys are fortunate to be in LA where there's so many great hospitals not going, We're not gonna live in la I this just, we're gonna shut down hospitals. Just do it. Okay. I'm just not sure what thing we're gonna do it. We're afraid to leave LA or I just don't wanna go to the hospital. Okay. Okay. We're knocking on wood because LA has so many good hospitals out And I just don't wanna wanna go there.


Okay. Don't ask questions. Just do it. Wow. That's wild. Oh man, that is, thank you Evan, so much for sharing that story with us. When I saw the nursing prompt came up, I'm like, I have to submit this story. I mean, I have so many great ones, But that was a very interesting day and I don't think that anyone that I worked with will ever forget that. Okay. I'm just gonna ask you one simple question before we go, because the previous nurse we just spoke with said that every single nurse has a foreign object in rectum story. You don't need to tell it. Just, do you have a foreign object in rectum story? I have many. Well, yeah, you were an ally. They always fall onto it, Right? Of course. Can you tell us the weirdest object that You not allowed?


I was a shampoo bottle. I've seen an apple. Mm, Okay. I've seen candlesticks. Sure, Sure. That one kind of makes sense. Wooden candlesticks though. They didn't choose the wax one. Oh, a wooden, like a fake decorative candlestick, which then splintered up and punctured their colon. So I could talk about, you know, those stories for days. Shit, maybe we need our own prompt for there. That just foreign, Oh, Rectal. What was it called? Foreign foreign Objects and rectal Not objects. Foreign Agent Maybe you thought. Oh, foreign body. Yeah. Piece. Foreign body Form body. She said foreign body. And you said foreign body. I just wanna get the prompt. Right. Well I'll submit another one. Yeah, We look forward to hearing from you again. Okay, well great meeting you Evan.


Thank you so much for your job. You guys are doing great work. Keep it up. Thank you. We will. Thank you so much. You too. All right. Be well. Bye. Bye. I can't believe I missed him at Maru. That's sad. Foreign body and rect feel. We're just gonna get weird submissions. Hopefully. Well, no. Someone that had someone else's foreign body in their butt. Oh, like a body part. Foreign body part Rec what? The same neuro medical. Yeah. I'd like to open it up to everybody because maybe someone will be brave enough to tell foreign body and their own rectum story. 'cause I wanna know how you lose control of it because you must have a game plan. Obviously you're only gonna insert so much of it and then you go too far and then I guess you lose grip.


Then you try to get it out and it just goes up. Well I think often there's another person involved. Oh, a bad actor. Hi, Can you hear us? Yes. Can you hear me? Oh beautifully. Is this Tori? Yes. We're gonna go with Tori. I will warn you guys. I am like the sickest I've ever been in my life. Oh, I'm pregnant and I got norovirus and I'm like this close to calling it. Oh sorry. I sound terrible. I look terrible. So my apologies. I just want you to know that I was just on a trip with eight people and all eight of us got it. So I'm with you. I'm in the Noro camp Currently. I can't imagine being pregnant and dealing with this. It is hellish. It gets scary when you're pregnant, right? It ups the ante a lot. I think so.


I think I got it. 'cause I'm pregnant, like, 'cause I'm immunocompromised, I'm more likely to get it. 'cause no one else in our travel group got it. Of course. Oh. Oh, really Interesting. I'm so sorry. You look like Phoebe Waller bridge. Yeah, She's very attractive. She is. She's beautiful. Yeah. Thank you. From Fleabag. Can I get started? Yes, Yes. Yeah, let it rip. Okay. For patient confidentiality reasons, I won't give you specifics on where I'm from, where the story took place. But Central Canada, I'm on the prairies. I'll say that. I gotta tell you, you're a second Canadian. We Got some crazy nursing stories up here. I've been a nurse now for six and a half years. I came into this field. I had no family that worked in healthcare. I had absolutely no idea what to expect.


So that's just kind of a preface to see how ignorant and naive I was to what this job was really like. But yeah, this story takes place on the first job I had and its job I had up until last year. Actually. I took the job right out of graduation at an inpatient neurology and neurosurgery ward at our hospital. So dealt with a ton of strokes, seizures, traumatic brain injuries, spinal cord injuries, brain cancer, spine cancer, anything like that. Really heavy, but got to see some pretty amazing stuff regarding kind of where I'm from. We do have a really bad epidemic of gang violence here. Oh really? Yeah. A lot of the prairies and my hospital is the level one trauma center for a province.


So we get to see it all. So you get to see some horrific senseless acts of violence and assaults. Really sad, really awful. But medically, I gotta say you get to see some pretty cool stuff. Yeah. Yeah. So I worked that job for six years and to this day, the patient I'm gonna tell you about is probably the most wild patient I've ever seen. So this man, middle-aged guy, he was an excon who was beaten head with a hammer. Oh. When the swelling is really bad in the brain, the surgeons will take off a piece of their skull to let the brain swell and heal. 'cause otherwise it'll herniate. So usually when that happens, we see it all the time take off. Usually a front piece, a side piece. If the person's walking around or doing therapy, they must have this helmet on at all times, obviously.


'cause if they are to fall and hit their head, there's nothing protecting their soft, squishy brain. So this man in particular, just the location of his injuries was the back of his head kind of on like the nape of his neck because it was at the very back part of his head. And because he was so wild and agitated, he had to wear this helmet for 24 hours a day, seven days a week in bed kind of picture like a hockey helmet. That's hard. Foam trigger warning. We have to restrain heavily a ton of our patients and that might bother some people. It's for their safety. It's for our safety. It's temporary. They have tubes they could pull out. They have such varied levels of awareness of what's going on. They just rip everything out they can and do hurt themselves all the time.


Yeah. So this man was also heavily restrained depending on the level of their injury and kind of where they are in their recovery. You can't rationalize with them. You can't reason with them. They can't speak when they can speak their first and only words are always fuck you. That was the case of this man. So he was in what we would call seven point restraints. So he had a belt around his waist. He had this piece of fabric that kind of comes up like a diaper that attaches to the waist and it keeps him from sliding down in bed, getting strangled by it. Seen that before. He had both of his wrists restrained, both of his ankles restrained to the bed. And then he was so wild and Ted butting that he had a chest strap on.


Oof. And we have to have the bed elevated a little bit. 'cause when they're getting tube fed, if they're laying flat, it can put them at risk of choking. So he had the head of the bed up and we had the chest strap there also, this man had what we call posy mitts on. So picture giant puffy oven mitts that are like velcroed to their hands. They can't grab or squeeze or scratch or anything. So it's just like boxing. That's the first part is the visualization of this is how this poor man lived for weeks. Oh wow. Ooh, Wow. He put three separate people on injury leave while being that level of restraint. Oh my god. From kicking hunting. Whoa. It's really awful. But I kind of liken it to picture, just like a rabid rescue animal in a cage.


They don't know what's going on, they're just fighting you. So that was this man to this day, one of the most wild ones I've looked after. So the shift that this happened was on a night shift. I was new and my partner was new. So her and I had both been on this job for like maybe a few months. And it's in an observation room. So there's four patients, there's two nurses. It's close observation. So it's intended for really sick patients or really kind of wild thrashy patients that you need to have eyes on at all times. Our nursing station's 15, 20 feet away from all of their beds. We can see what's going on at all times. My partner was on break, like one o'clock in the morning. The lights are all off 'cause it's nighttime. We want them all to sleep. And I go into this guy's room, he's heavily restrained and I see a puddle of liquid on the floor, which is not that unusual in this job.


So I turn the light on and I see that it's urine. And that's a bit unusual because he has a catheter in. Oh yeah, Yeah, right. Yeah. And I could see he's like covered up in the blanket still. I could see the catheter tubing's coming out as it should be. It's secured to the bottom of the bed, the bag as it should be. So I'm like, where is this urine coming from? And I guess I'll stop here. Do you guys know how catheters get put in in our secured? No, You should tell us. Yeah. Doesn't it go all the way up into your bladder and there's kind of a balloon on the end? Yes. I figured you would know. Dax, have you had a Catheter? Thank God. No, I have. Shockingly I You have? Yeah. For egg freezing, It's a small rubber tube goes into the urethra. Once you get urine back, you know you're in the bladder so you can safely inflate the balloon.


So on the tubing there's a side port and you inflate with 10 mils of saline and it inflates the balloon to like two thirds of size of a golf ball and it's just to keep it in place. So then if someone accidentally or purposely like gently tugs on it, it's not gonna come out. However, do people rip them out with their balloon fully intact all the time at the straw? Oh my god. No. That is the awful worst thought imaginable. Oh, I know. Especially for men. It's atrocious. And it's a blood bath when it happens. Oh, That is immediately my next thought is like, well this guy's wild. He probably somehow got his oven mi hands on it and ripped it out.


Geez. So I pull back the blanket, the catheter's out. It's just like sitting on his bed between his legs. But the balloon is deflated, which is good. I'm just kind of processing this as I'm seeing it. I'm like, well I guess he didn't rip it out, but I noticed that the side port is gone. So what I realized, 'cause he had the chest strap on, but his head that the bed was elevated, he had gotten a catheter in his mouth. What? Oh my God. And he had chewed off the side port because of that. The balloon deflated on its own. Right. So that's good. He didn't rip it right out of his penis. Yeah. But then he grabbed the catheter in his mouth with his teeth and ripped it out of his penis. Jesus.


Why? Why? Because he doesn't know what the fuck's going on. That was A few months on the job. Oh Boy. That was my introduction to nursing and neuro nursing. Oh. Do you ever get to see the people when they return to sanity? Yes. That's what I loved about working there is some of them were there for months and we are acute, so we're supposed to medically stabilize them. And then the ones that need further neurological rehab would go to another facility in our city. But our doctors were really good at like, Hey, so-and-so's doing so good, you should hear. But this guy recovered really well. By the time we sent him to rehab, he was walking, he was talking, he was eating.


He was like wheeling himself around the unit in his wheelchair. He was very brain injured. He was very childlike almost. Oh, I remember. He would throw us up temper tantrums. I think he probably would've needed some kind of care his whole life. But he wasn't aggressive. No. Oh good. Wow. He was just like kind of a big child. But yeah, you do get to see them recover even in their time on our unit, which is so fulfilling. Yeah. Yeah. It must be. Wow. Wow. That's crazy. Wow. Wow, wow. That is, wow. That is crazy. Wow. Was there any point, having not had any family members in it and maybe not having the correct expectations for the job, were there moments at the beginning where you're like, oh fuck this I didn't choose. Right. Or did you immediately know it was for you?


I really loved it. I loved the chaos. So I moved to intensive care this year, and it's a lot of the same patients where they started before I ever saw them on my unit. This is where they began. But it's definitely a lot. It definitely tests your patients. When I started at ICU, I was like, I don't think I'm really burnt out. I think I just wanna change. And then a few months in I was like, oh, I was really burnt out and I didn't even realize it. I was so impatient. And it's hard, you know, they're brain injured, you know, it's not their fault. You know, they have no control, but they're still saying and doing terrible things all the time. So it's really hard to separate. Yeah. You have a finite capacity of course. And then you have a real life outside of it. And maybe you're sleep deprived and maybe you're having a marital issue and you add all these things together.


It's impossible. I will say it's prepared you nicely to have a child though. Yeah, I think so. My brother and my family, they're not in nursing and I always tell them my crazy stories. 'cause they don't live here either, so they wouldn't know any of the people. And they're like, how do you do that? And I'm like, honestly, it puts your own life in perspective. 'cause you're like, man, things could always be worse. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Whenever people ask me what working on neuro is like, I'm like, well, I had a man with half a skull and seven point restraints choose catheter out of his penis. Oh my. That is crazy. Thanks for sharing that. Yeah, Tori, I'm so sorry. You're feeling so ill. But congratulations on your impending baby time and it was great meeting you and thank you for telling us that story.


Yeah. I hope you feel better fast. Thank you. I would like to do a quick shout out to my sisters. My sisters also have unique names, so I'm not gonna single them out by names. My cousin Kara, I will call out. She is the world's biggest Armchair Anonymous fan. She listens like every morning a 7:00 AM and I was so close to calling it today. I knew it was a once in a lifetime opportunity, but I was like, I can't. But I was like, she'll kill me. You did great. As a nurse would Feel better. Take a nice nap now and thanks so much for railing. Thank you. All right, take care. Bye. Oh, Oh, nurses. Wow. Chew your cals That are outs. Yeah. That's wild. Yeah, I got a little claustrophobic at the thought of a seven point harness.


Woo. Yeah, that's a lot. But I get it. That happened with my dad when he had this very massive head on collision when I was in eighth grade and I had to go to the hospital and they said basically go in and say goodbye. He's unconscious. I went in there and his head was like the size of a basketball and he woke up while I was in there and the first thing he did is pulled the breathing tube out. Ugh. And I was begging him, no, dad, Hey, you need that. You need that. Oh my God, it was so stressful. Ugh. That's scary. God bless the nurses. Yeah, they're Incredible. Again, round of applause. We love 'em. We love them. I love you. Love you. That delivered.


Do you wanna sing a tune or something? We have a theme song. Oh, Okay, great. We don't have a for this new show. So here I go, go, go. We're gonna ask some random questions with the get some suggestions on the fly Rish on the fly R Enjoy.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


80% of the work week is spent communicating, so it's important your team does it well enter Grammarly Grammarly's AI helps teams communicate clearly the first time it shows you how to make words resonate with your audience, helps with brainstorming, and lets you instantly create and revise drafts in just one click. Join the over 70,000 teams and 30 million people who use Grammarly to move work forward. Go to grammarly.com/enterprise to learn more. Grammarly Enterprise Ready AI.