
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm DD Shepherd. This is Monica Padman. Hi. Hello. Today is Cruise Ships. Oof. Didn't make me wanna go on a cruise. I'll tell you that. I know. I, we should have almost called Laura Lebo as an antidote. She loves, 'cause she went on a Viking cruise And she loved it At the time of her life. Oh, Good. My parents have gone on a couple and they love it. She said she's not gonna do any other cruise line though after this experience. She said the food was Oh, absolutely. Outrageously good. Yeah. This one, this one you can listen to. I think you can listen to this one. There's, Oh no, the, Yeah, there's Chemical Cauterization. Oh Yeah.


Oh yeah. But no, no. Well, whatever. There's, fuck it. I don't know. There's, there's fluids. Yeah. Alright. Please enjoy Cruise Ship stories.


Get into your body's vitals with the Vitals app on Apple. Watch the Vitals. App tracks key overnight metrics so you can spot changes in your health before you feel them. The Vitals app on Apple Watch iPhone 10 s are later required. The Vitals app is for wellness purposes only, and not for medical use.


This podcast is sponsored by Apple TV plus presenting the hit series Slow Horses, a darkly comedic drama that follows a team of British intelligence agents who serve in a dumping ground, department of MI five. Due to their career ending mistakes. The brilliant Emmy-winning espionage drama has been nominated for 13 awards this year and has received two BAFTAs. The Fantastic Ensemble Includes Academy Award winner, Gary Oldman, Jack Lowden, Kristen Scott, Thomas, Jonathan Price, and more. Catch up on the show. Critics are calling so much damn fun. It's Five Stars and one of the most sensational shows on television. Slow Horses is streaming on Apple TV plus more@fyc.apple tv plus.com.


Times come and go. Gotta know I'm gonna keep on shining. Hello, Hal. Hello. It's nice to meet you. Is that your lover's blouse behind you or yours? Is it birds or flowers on the sleeves? It is my wife's. We are in my daughter's closet. You guys at The Impossible. You got my daughter to clean up her closet. Oh, wow. Just so I can talk to you guys. Well, you're welcome, I guess. 'cause that's an impossible task. It is an impossible task, as you probably know that.


Yes. How old is your daughter? I have two just like you. I've got a ninth grader and a seventh grader, so I'm a couple years ahead of you. Oh yeah. Things are getting real busy. They are. Where are you at, Hal? I am in Lloyd Harbor, New York. It's on Long Island. Oh, How far from the city? About 40 miles or so. If You wanna go to like Montauk, how long of a trip is that for you? I'm on the North Shore of Long Islands, Montauk's on the south, and all the way out east. So it's a good hour and a half, two hours from here. That's not bad though. You're two hours from Paradise. Exactly. Although I'd say where we are is pretty edenic as well. Edenic. I like that. Wow. That's a takeoff on Eden. Yeah.


Did you know it, Monica? I don't think I've heard it. You didn't? No. That's a good vocab word that's going in my arsenal. Okay. So you have a crazy Cruise Ship story. I do. Can I set the stage a little bit first Please? Oh, you can set the fuck out of the stage, Hal. All right. This is about 2002. I'm a couple years younger than you Dex, but basically the same age I was in law school. It's our second year, And if you know anything about how law school works after your first year, which is super intense, you try and get an internship in the fall of that year for the following summer. And so my friends and I, we all got in our internship. So this was spring break of our second year of law school, and we're feeling pretty good. We're less stressed. We wanna blow it out.


So we book a cruise and it's for spring break, so it's on a party cruise line. For me, this is a big deal. I didn't get to go on many vacations growing up. I was on loans. And Really quick, if you're on a budget, cruise is nice. Could you get the drink pass? At that point, There was no drink pass. Oh, that hurt a lot. I didn't realize that was gonna be a thing until the end of the cruise. When you get that bill, I get really sick the week before. It's a couple days before we're supposed to leave, and I don't think I can go. I've got fever, I can't swallow. I've got congestion. I'm just horrible. My buddy describes it. He came over to drop off a sandwich for me so I could eat, and he said he opened the door And it smelled and felt like death.


Oh. So it was basically that kind of situation. He immediately drops the sandwich. It basically runs out. He goes and calls my other friend. And you know when you have that friend who's kind of like the party guy, the motivator, the guy who's gonna get you to go and do something, he was that guy. And he called me up and just gave me some tough love. He's like, you're going, there's no chance. You're not fix yourself. So I go, I grab some antibiotic And it kicks in. About a day and a half later. I'm feeling a little bit better. If you take antibiotic, those labels on it tell you No sun uhoh limit alcohol. Oh boy. No cruises basically. Cruise Maybe not the best choice. Right. But I'm good to go. I'm going. We get to the cruise, you get on the first day, and if you've taken a cruise, you're gonna go up to the top and you're gonna watch it.


Disembark. Can I quickly ask, where is it taking off from and where will you be going? We're taking off out of Miami, and we're going down to the Caribbean. So we're gonna hit like St. Thomas and St. Croix Classic cruise On the carnival cruise line. So the classic cruise line as well. So we're up on the top and we're watching it leave. And we've already got our first boat drinks in our hands. But remember, I'm not supposed to be in the sun. Yeah. And I'm not supposed to have alcohol. Yeah. And first day out on the deck, drinking alcohol and in the sun. I didn't realize this, but you don't feel the sun on the cruise. Right. Because you get all that wind from how fast you're going. So it feels pretty cool even when it's hot.


But you see my pigmentation here. I am not somebody who tans easily. I burn almost immediately. Oh. Oh no. Which started to happen, but I realized, I said, all right, I better put some sunblock on. And at this point, I'm in that phase where I've had enough drinks where I think I'm pretty good at everything. Yeah. And so I start putting my sunblock on. I think I've got good coverage, but the next day I wake up and clearly I had just smeared sunblock kind of down the center of my chest. And now I've got the worst sunburn I've ever had. And I think Wabi Wob has a picture I Sent. Let's take a gander at this sunburn to say you're a lobster is just Oh, yeah.


As spot on as it gets. And it's a really flattering picture too. S everything you want. We'll get to where that picture takes place. 'cause that's two or three days later. Oh wow. Okay. I've got a beer in hand again. And at this point, you know that first of all, my friends are giving me so much shit. I'm also the guy on the cruise who has this ridiculous sunburn. Right. And so everybody's starting to know me as that guy with the sunburn, it also hurts. Right. So I have to kind of shield myself from sun wherever I can. I'm in the shade. But two days later, I'm okay. I'm going out. It hadn't blistered yet. It hadn't started peeling yet. 'cause that happened later. But we get to the beach on, I think it was St. Croix at this point. And we're feeling good.


We're on the beach drinking a beer. You know, we start chatting up this group of women. We go into the water. This is all going super well. I'm feeling good. I'm in the water. I'm out of the sun. Right. It's not hurting anymore. My antibiotic has taken care of everything it needs to take care of. And I'm talking to this pretty woman. This was long before my wife and I stub my toe In the water. In the water, Huh? Well, a shell, Maybe it's a shell. Maybe it's a piece of coral something. Right. I stubbed my toe And it hurts. But I try not to think anything of it. And I just keep chatting up this woman, And it starts to hurt some more. Oh, what is this? This really hurts. Now I'm like kind of walking away from her. And my buddy's chatting her up and I pick my foot up out of the water, kind of trying to see if there's anything there holding my toe.


And my friend looks at me and he says, what's all that black stuff on the bottom of your foot? And I said, I don't know. And then at that point, pain sets in like I've never felt before. Oh, I am riding around. I'm screaming now. I'm also scared. 'cause I have no idea what this is. So I started trying to get out of the Water. Is it a burning pain or like an impact? Pain? It's a stinging. Searing pain. Okay. So I go hopping out of the water. And if you've ever tried to get outta the ocean on one foot, it's actually really hard. Sure. So now I'm like army crawling up the beach, my bed. He tells me later that one of the girls I was talking to says, oh, does your friend always cry this much? Oh Wow.


Yeah. I get up onto the beach, I'm holding my foot, I'm still kind of screaming about it. And a guy walks by and he looks down at my foot. He said, Oh yeah, you stepped on a sea urchin. Mm. So I had kicked a sea urchin, And it was extremely painful. I don't know if you've ever done that or have heard of anybody. Did you just do it? Funny enough, I just, in Hawaii got five quills in my heel. They're still there. Just this morning. I'm like, when are these coming out? Yeah. So you found out that you kind of just let 'em dissolve? Well, my daughters thought you're gonna get poisoned and die. And I'm like, no, there's no way. They're letting us snorkel in front of the hotel. Not same. They're poisonous. They ran it to the scuba guy and then he came and gave me vinegar and said, oh, soak your foot in vinegar.


That'll help. It dissolve. I did that. They didn't dissolve. Anyway, sorry. No, no. So I'm with my buddy, he's that overachiever. He is a doctor and a lawyer. And he was the ER trained. So he says, oh, I'll go back with you to the Cruise Ship and see what they'll do for it. 'cause the guy that walked by said, I have to get 'em taken out. Which as you know is incorrect. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm waiting in the taxi. He's also the person who's gonna give you the most shit about anything and loves to tell stories. So he's telling everybody on the beach what happened to me. And then we go to the cruise, they tell me I don't take any of them out. So then I just limp around for the next few hours. So that's sort of the end of sea urchin park. Oh God. Now there's a third part to this. So I think I'm in the clear. I'm starting to feel good later on. And I'm like, all right, no more mistakes.


Nothing's gonna happen anymore. I'm sitting at a table in a bar. Another one of my friends comes over with a couple girls and they sit down and we're just chitchatting away. And I lean over to say something to her and I put my hand behind her chair. And now I feel something in my hand. What? And so I pull my hand out and it's covered in splinters and it's bleeding. It's Everywhere. But Now I am at a point in this cruise where I can't show any pain. I can't do anything that's gonna bring any more attraction. So I kind of just hide it away. But I wasn't fast enough. 'cause my friend saw it and he then goes, jumps up and goes and grabs all my other friends. Oh my. To come and look at me.


You've done this time. So that they can then have another laugh at my expense for the rest of the time. Wow. This was a deck chair that just was scraggly on the back. Yeah, it was just beat up on the back. And I didn't know it. And just bad luck. I hate to be disparaging about Carnival, but let's get those deck chairs oiled and sanded. Yeah. Yikes. They probably have over the last 25 years. Yeah. This is like, you don't really like my Ziggy reference. 'cause you didn't grow up reading Ziggy. Oh yeah. I don't know Ziggy. But you, do you remember Ziggy Hale? Of course. He was the cutest cartoon and everything that could go wrong as Ziggy did. Aw it. This is really like Ziggy went on a cruise in a lot of ways. It was tough. Thankfully, nothing else really happened on the rest of the cruise.


That was bad. But it was enough that I took shit for the rest of the time. We repeated the cruise the next year. Thankfully nothing happened. Well, I'm impressed you win again. Yeah. Back on that. I would be like, fuck that. Let's just go to one of these islands that we want to be at and just be there. Were there any gals on the boat that really took pity on you? Rescue. Say rescue. You say any nurses. Nurses would've been a great meet cube. No, I'm not that slick. Maybe I could have played it better and played it up a little bit. But I didn't play a pity card very well. Wow. Well that's a real shit cruise. And you didn't make out with anyone. Oh, Let's not say that. Oh, Okay. Great. Okay. Okay. You Still came out on top. Okay. It was still a fun cruise And it was still spring break, you know, things happened.


Great. Okay. Great. Great, great. So net win maybe. Net win. And I'm talking to you guys. That's a definite positive. And actually, Dax, I thought we weren't gonna hear from you guys on the story. And then I heard from Emma, I was in White Lake, Michigan. No. And it's the first time I've been to Michigan in maybe 16 years or so. Wow. What on earth were you doing in White Lake? So I grew up in Highland, right next door bordering White Lake. I didn't know that. But one of my good friends from growing up lives there. We see each other fairly often, but I had not visited him there. Emma reached out when I was actually visiting him for the first time in 16 years. Sim does he live on the lake? He does not. His in-laws do though. Okay. Well Halil delightful. Meaning you. God. Did you give your buddies a gift?


Truly. There's no better gift than like when one of your buddies can take the beating on everyone else's behalf. Totally. I think if it happened now, I would kind of take it like you do Dax, and say, oh, this is gonna be a story. One day at 24 years old, I wasn't taking it that way. I took it pretty hard during the trip. So if you don't mind, my family's waiting right out there. My older daughter was the one who encouraged me to submit for the prompt. So they'd love to get on and meet you guys. Absolutely. Bring 'em in. Hi. Hi. Hi. Are you the owner of this closet? Yeah. And the computer. It's on. I'm Layla. Hi Layla. We heard you cleaned just for us. Yeah. That is not something that happens often. Well, it looks great. I mean, it's ready for a photo shoot.


Thanks. I just wanna say, I am so excited to meet you guys. When I saw this prompt, I was actually outside and I was re-listening to the beach stories where the guy stepped on the sea chin and I was thinking, oh, dad's story would be great to go on Armchair Anonymous. And then I looked right then and there was a Cruise Ship story. Whoa. And so I ran inside Sim sim sim Very semi Really quick. My aunt asked me to get a shout out. So she's my mom's twin. Oh. Oh, Twin. Identical or fraternal? Identical. No, love you and Tracy. Do you feel like you have two moms? It's Weird because I've three cousins from my mom's twin.


We look pretty similar. And we always joke that we're half siblings. Yeah. Yes, yes, yes. Double first cousins, half siblings. Whoa. I wish your mom had married an identical twin. Then. Your cousins would really be your siblings. Yeah. That would be a very interesting experiment. Well, it's very nice meeting you. Yes. Really good luck with ninth grade. Tell your seventh grade sister. Good luck with seventh grade. Good luck with Seventh grade. My favorite year of my life. And say hi to mom. Hi mom. Well, nice meeting you guys. Nice to Meet you guys. Bye. Take care. Bye. Oh my God. A whole family. That Was cute. We love identical twins. 'cause they're so rare. They're limited edition.


I guess everyone loves identical twins probably. Well, we're probably not unique in that. Right? Okay. Comment if you don't like identical twins. Okay. Yeah. I could see people being scared by them. Especially if you don't really believe in science and God makes babies kind of a situation. They think they're demons. Yeah. Maybe like how do you explain that? If you don't believe in a right, if you don't believe in, It's indeed the explanation. In the absence of that explanation, what would you possibly guess? Or this one was so good that God had to make two Really good spin.


We are supported by quince. You know, when you look back at photos of yourself in your all black punk stage in high school or wearing head to toe, nineties neon, and you wonder, what was I thinking? Sometimes trends just don't stay the test of time. If you want an outfit that you're gonna feel great about both now and later, check out the wardrobe staples from Quince. They're classic and elevated, so you're gonna love the way you look now and years from now. And they're made with high quality materials. So they'll hold up for years to come to. I love Quince. I love their cashmere so much. Yeah. If you wanna revamp your wardrobe, which I suggest per season, yeah. Add some pieces in that are fun kind of just for the season. There's some really good summer pieces, some great button downs that you can also wear by the pool. They have European linen, beach shorts, you know, organic silk polos. Stick to staples that last with elevated essentials from quince. Go to quince.com/dax for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dx to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/dax.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apply for Apple card today and start earning up to 3% daily cash back on everyday purchases. And that daily cash can even grow automatically when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. What are you waiting for? Visit apple.co/card calculator today to see how much daily cash you can earn. Subject to credit approval savings available to Apple card owners, subject to eligibility, savings, and Apple Card by Goldman Sachs. Bank, USA member FDIC terms and more@applecard.com.


We're supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, to check your flights on time first before heading to the airport. Like you know to check your presentation is saved first before closing your laptop. That's one mistake I'll never make again. Woo. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You are in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate firing Casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Hi. Hi, Luke. Hi. That's right. Can you guys hear me? Oh, Wonderful. It's like you're about to land an airplane. That's What I'm going for. Yes, It's working. Tell me why you have this headset. Are you a gamer? I am a gamer and I am recording this from a job site and I just didn't wanna rely on my laptop's audio. We appreciate that greatly. You're going by a pseudonym. Are we allowed to know what state you're in? Yeah, That's totally fine. I'm in Bozeman, Montana. Oh, Okay. Wonderful. That's a beautiful place to be. It's gorgeous. We had a blizzard yesterday. Mountains are still full of snow. A blizzard Full on blizzard driving home last night. Wow. Do you like that? I don't love the snow, but I don't hate it when it's unexpected is when it's the worst.


Right. Which I imagine yesterday was unexpected. Absolutely. Do you guys have the same thing we had in Michigan where it's like you have a fake spring and you get excited and then all of a sudden it just fucking turns to winter in May and you're like, fuck this place. That's exactly what yesterday was. Yeah. It was like 75, 80 degrees over the weekend. Oh my God. And Then God Hard snow yesterday. Accidents on my drive home. It was pretty rough. Those climates. They're backstabbers. Yeah, they're tricky. Yeah, They'll fool you. Did you grow up in Montana? I actually grew up in the Seattle area. Oh, Okay. So you have a cruise story. That's right. This was for my wife and i's honeymoon. And shortly before the cruise as newlyweds tend to do, we fooled around a lot during some of this fooling around.


I ended up with a little bit of chafing on my p my dick. Okay. Right. Just Say it. Imagine the red burn on your dick. That's what it was. Don't need to sugarcoat it. Yeah, yeah. He was about say penis, and he is like, no, I'm already talking about chafing. Yeah, it's dick chafing. That's the way the story's gonna go. So fast forward, we're like on day two of the cruise. Can I pause you, Luke? I just wanna rega for a second. That brings me back to my youth. Your fecundity rate was so high that you'd actually damage the skin. I mean, that's for the youthful, Absolutely happy that those days are long gone for me. For sure. So we're on the cruise. It's day two. It's a day at sea, so there's really not a lot going on. Where's The cruise going to?


Is it a Caribbean cruise? We're going to Alaska. Oh, okay. I go to take a shower. And if you've ever been on a cruise before, the bathrooms are tiny. I mean, you stand in the middle and you can touch all four walls just reaching out. So as you can imagine, the shower is equally tiny. And in this shower, they give you a wand to get to those hard to reach places. Oh My God. Like you can pull it off the wall. Oh, I see. Right. A shower wand. Well, I'm going to shower and I'm thinking I want to get myself as clean as possible. I want this wound to heal up as quickly as it can because you know I've gotta perform on my honeymoon. Yeah, You gotta get back to it. Back in the saddle. I'm cleaning myself up and I have this great idea.


I'm gonna clean that area specifically. So I pull myself a little tight down there and I spray the wand on it. The water pressure from the wand hits right on this rug burn spot. Ah. And immediately starts gushing blood. Oh. Oh. Oh my God. Like you opened up the wound. Oh Yeah. And it's, I mean, it's right on a vein. I'm talking a little bit of blood. I'm talking, imagine you are peeing, but it is solid red. I mean, it's Just a pressurized feed of red coming outta my dick. It's like punctured the vein. Punctured. Yes. What? Wow.


God, these penises are so fragile. They can take a beating, but you push 'em too hard. They will give. Wow. They Will give. Yes. And I am aghast. I don't know what to do. Honestly, my first thought embarrassingly is my wife doesn't need to know about this. She already knows I'm wounded down there. So if I can just get the bleeding to stop. She doesn't need to know about this. We'll just move on with life. Okay. Okay. This is where we're different. We were in line so far, but now I would be so excited to call her in like, holy shit, look at this. You know? And it gets there. Okay. So I go grab a massive wad of toilet paper. I mean, I'm talking 30 sheets at least. And I go to stick it under there. It turns into a mushy mess of nothing in seconds.


Oh my God. This is scary. Oh, you're losing some considerable blood here. Exactly. And so now I'm panicked. So now it's time to call the wife in and tell her I am having an emergency. I'm having an emergency. I call her in. She walks in And it looks like a war zone in there. I mean, there's blood all over the walls. It's everywhere. Oh. And She handles it. Well, she goes and she calls the cruise site nurse team. So she calls the nurse team down and this little nurse comes in and same thing. She opens the door, she looks at me and she just has this look of horror. When she looks into this bathroom, she gives me a one inch thick stack of that heavy duty gauze that's designed to stop bleeding.


She says, put this on there, apply pressure. I'll be right back. I'm gonna go get a wheelchair. Some more supplies. We'll wheel you down to the infirmary. She's gone maybe just a few minutes. And by the time she has come back, I have, I have bled through this stack of gauze. There's literally blood dripping out the bottom of this stack of gau. Luke, at any moment are you considering a tourniquet Based off the area of the injury? I am trying to avoid that as much as I can. And so she has me throw that away. She hands me a new stack of gauze, tells me to apply pressure again. I've put a shirt on. I'm on the wheelchair, and they're wheeling me down to the infirmary. Naked. Naked. Any pants Naked? Surprisingly, basically no pain. Oh, no, no, no, no. Pants.


Pants. Oh pants. No pants. Just a towel covering my leg. Oh, Okay. But you are covered, at least with the towel. But it is awkward. You're going through the halls of this Cruise Ship and there's all these people looking at you. At first glance, they really have no idea what's wrong. But I'm sitting there just freaking the hell out. Oh, and you bear legs. There's nothing I would wanna see more than that. A man in his t-shirt and no pants. I wanna tell over his groin. It's a scene. I wish the story ended there. Okay. So she wheels me down to the infirmary. And luckily by this point, I've got about three quarters of the way through this second thing of gauze. And the bleeding has stopped the doctor on site's taking a look at this injury. Of course, it's a girl doctor too.


Yeah. But I've got no shame. You know, what am I gonna do at this point? But she looks at it and she says, well, we've gotta close this. It could reopen at any point. You're gonna be right in the same situation. Ugh. Yeah. And so she says, well, I'd like to just use a stitch. But on this part of your body, it's very prone to expansion and contraction. So we don't want to use a stitch. So what we're gonna use is a chemical cauterization. Oh, Glue. Not exactly. Chemical cauterization is they apply two inert chemicals to your body. Chemical A doesn't do anything by itself. Chemical B doesn't do anything by itself, but when they come in contact with each other, it melts your skin back together.


Oh, it like cauterizes. It's like a chemical cauterizing. That's what he said. Literally what he said. He said that. Oh, it's the exact phrasing. Oh my God. I'm sorry, I missed the Cauterizing. Yeah, no, you're good. She lays me back onto the table. There's no anesthetic. And she gives me a rubber stick to bite onto. Oh my. And I would be wondering, is this a disposable or have many people bitten down on this rubber stick? Oh yeah. I was kind of under the impression that many people have bitten down on this rubber stick before. No, it was definitely like in the top shelf of the supplies. You know, like, oh, we need this every day. Oh. And so she does that.


Has me grab my wife's hand. And I'm telling you guys, I bet my screams are still reverberating through that che. Oh My God. Oh wow. I Can't begin to describe the amount of pain that having your dick skin burned back together feels like, Oh my God. Oh, I wish this on no one. Oh, I know. And also, I wanna see video of this entire thing from beginning to cauterization. Oh, I wish it existed. Oh, once it's cauterized, does she say to you like, don't use this thing for a while, More or less. Yeah. She said no sexual activity for a couple weeks. Obviously it's gonna kind of expand on its own every once in a while. There's not a lot you can do about that.


Right. Try not to look at any pretty ladies. Yeah. And you're on a Cruise. Tell your new wife to keep her clothes on. Luckily The cruise to Alaska, not a lot of women in bikinis, but still something to concern yourself with Those bald eagles though they can get things moving. Oh, They get you excited, don't they? Yeah. What a sight to see. I thought you were making a euphemism for vagina. Oh, That could also, yeah. I like that euphemism. And it Healed well. I had no lingering injuries. Little bit of scarring, but you'd have to know what you were looking for. Wow. You reversed the wife who's had a baby. That's What I was thinking when she had to hold his hand More just like wife has a baby. And then there's a window where wife can't have sex. Oh.


But in this case, they're like married and then he had an issue. Right. And then they're now waiting. And they're newly weds. They're very horny. A hundred percent. Oh, that's great. What a memorable honeymoon. Yeah. And that's what I always tell people. I've told this story to people over the years and you know, if it wasn't exciting, you wouldn't remember it. Oh, Luke, that's fantastic. What a great story. I'm glad you enjoyed it. I hope it makes it onto the episode. Oh, it Will. Don't You worry. You can bet your scarred dick. It will. Awesome. While I still got a second, I'm just gonna shout out my good buddy Casey, who got me into your show and encouraged me to share my story. Oh, Casey, big shout out. Shout Out. I'm so glad he did. That's a doozy. That's a good one. That's a keeper.


A Few weeks ago he sent the link. He was like, crew stories. You Well, thank Casey on our behalf. I most certainly will. All right, take care Luke. Have A great day.


We are supported by Michigan. Ding, ding, ding. Oh, I'm such a proud Michigander. I love Michigan. The people, the nature in summertime, in Michigan, I'm telling you, I would put it up against any place in the world. It's such a beautiful state and it's a great place for everyone, especially kids, to experience all four seasons with beaches, trails, and snow. A stones throw away. What you may not know is Michigan is also a great place to work. You can have a quality lifestyle and a rewarding tech career. The fast growing and rapidly evolving. Automotive and clean energy industries offer opportunities for career advancement no matter what your skill level. Plus Michigan offers accessible housing, exciting nightlife, and an inclusive community for all. It's really a one of a kind place. And do not forget the Lakes. Lakes, lakes, lakes, lakes, lakes. Live your best nine to five and five to nine. You can in Michigan. Go to the Michigan life.org to learn more.


We are supported by better help. You know, there's still a bit of surrounding stigma for men's health. I think it can, I think so too. Still be challenging for men to admit they're struggling and seek help. I have a friend who just started therapy, a male friend, and he loves it so much and, but yes, I think it's taken a little extra long because they're right. There is a stigma, but there really shouldn't be. Yeah. Men today face immense pressure to perform, to provide, and keep it all together. So it's no wonder that 6 million men in the US suffer from depression every year. And it's often undiagnosed. If you're a man and you're feeling the weight of the world, talk to someone, a friend, a loved one, a therapist. I'm a man I've benefited greatly from therapy. And Better Help is a great option if you're looking to start therapy. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Talk it out with Better Help. Arm Cherries get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash dax. That's better help. HE lp.com/dax.


We're supported by Skims. Yes. Let's talk about skims. I have been raving about their Ultimate Bra collection. They sent me some new items, which was very nice of them. I pretty much live in this bra. It's so comfortable. But it's also cute. You never know when your bras gonna need to be showing. Yeah, You gotta be prepared. You do. For the best case scenario. And actually, I really do believe this, that you kind of have to work from the outside in confidence wise. Sure. And so when you get dressed in the morning, you want to put on a cute pair, you would feel cute of underwear and bra. And the Ultimate Bra is the move. It is. Skims does it again. Check it out for yourself. Shop Skims, ultimate Bra collection and more@skims.com. If you place your order, be sure to let them know we sent you select Podcasts in the survey and select our show in the dropdown menu that follows.


Are you gonna leave the room to make this call? Our next call is Monica. Yeah, I'm calling in. Oh, Monica's calling. I have a lot of Cruise Ship stories. I could have submitted many different things. I've been on so many cruises. I haven't been on a one. You Haven't been on a single cruise. I feel like your parents would've loved that. They go now. Well, They do. Hello, Monica. Monica. Hi. Don't show me much of this car. I always try to impress Monica. I'm gonna go with Chrysler. Pacifica, you're Wrong. I'm sorry. Fuck. It's a Honda pilot. Oh. Oh, okay. Mon had a, did you have a pilot? Is she a CRV C Rv?


So sorry, Monica, that I'm not in like a cushy closet somewhere. I'm actually at my daughter's track meet. Oh. Oh God. I hope she doesn't come up to the blocks while we're talking. If you hear like shots, I'm not in some dangerous neighborhood. Oh my God. What's her event? Well, she just finished high jump. Oh, I was a high jumper. Is she tall? She's tall for her age. She's only 12. I have a question for you. I was getting a massage recently. This was weird. In the middle of the massage, the massage therapist said, can I ask you something personal? Oh. And this was while she was mid massage. And I said, sure.


That's a scary question on Massage. I know. And she said, do you like being called Monica? Wow. I was like, yeah. And she was like, because my name's Monica and I love it. Every Monica I meet is just so great. Oh. And I was like, yeah, it's a great name. It really caught me off guard. And would you have liked that? Yeah, it would've caught me off guard too. I've never had like a nickname or nobody's ever shortened it. No one calls you Mon or Mom? No. Oh, okay. Oh No. We just had this conversation about nicknames. Monica Nicknames Monica's many nicknames. But I would agree, I'm gonna say that Monica's over Index in Good Folks.


I like, like all the Monicas. I know. That's nice. Except this one that stops in the middle of a massage. No, I might like her too. Okay. She was nice. Yeah. Yeah. She has a boundary issue, which I like. Yeah, you love that. Okay, so you have a crazy Cruise Ship story. I do. So I'll give you just a little bit of background. So I grew up, I was a teen in the mid to late nineties, so Peak Boy band scene. And I was a huge fan of the Backstreet Boys. Oh, me too. That was my boy band of choice. I had their posters all over my walls. I bought their CDs on the day that they came out. Did you have a favorite Backstreet Boy? I did. Brian Latrell. Yeah, Brian was everyone's f He was the number one.


He Was my favorite too. Okay. Are you gonna see them at the sphere? You should. I Maybe when we get to the end of the story. Oh, Okay. Okay. Alright. No, I probably won't be seeing them in the spirit, but it's gonna be an amazing show. Are you gonna see them, Monica? I don't think so. I'm kind of scared of this year. You should. So anyways, huge fan. Fast forward the 2011, and I am a newly married woman, working young woman. When I'm scrolling Facebook and I come across this ad from Ticketmaster that they're doing this sweepstakes giveaway, And it's a trip for two all expenses paid on a cruise with the Backstreet Boys.


Oh wow. Yeah, it's so like a three night, four day cruise to The Bahamas. And you also get to meet the Backstreet Boys. Oh wow. This is great. And you still like 'em in 2011? Yeah. I mean, I wasn't teenage obsessed. No posters anymore. The Nostalgia. I was like, Oh yeah, I would go on a Backet Boys cruise. Yeah. Great. Yeah. So I put my name in and kind of forgot about it because it had been a while. And I get this email from Ticketmaster, and I knew before I even opened the email, I was like, I won that cruise. Yeah. I opened the email and yes, I had won. And they had like a short turnaround.


You had to tell 'em within 24 hours who was going, the names of the passengers, flight information, all that. Oh, this is exciting. Yeah, that is very exciting. My first thought is like, I don't think my husband is the right person to take on this. I love my husband, but he is not really the boy band type. And this seems like a girls trip. He agreed. And so I immediately call one of my childhood best friends, Nicole. And I tell her, and Nicole's always game for a good time. And so she was like, yes, let's do it. She was living outta state at the time. So we meet up in the airport, we fly to Miami. I should say that at this point, I had never been on a cruise before in my life.


Nicole had been on a few cruises before. So that was kind of helpful to have her hints and tips. Part of the trip was hotel was included. So we're there the night before the cruise and we decide we're gonna hit the town. And this is in December. So I live in the Midwest. I'm leaving cold winter temperatures heading to Miami. I've got tourists written all over my face. I got my spray tan. I packed my little halter dresses. I am ready for some warm weather. So we hit some bars and we go to this daiquiri bar where we get served these daiquiris that are huge, like as big as our heads. We're sitting there enjoying ourselves.


And this man comes up to our table, very sharp dressed man with two shots in each hand. Oh. Has very strong accent. And I kind of make out that he's one of the owners of the establishment. He's checking to see if we're having a good time and wanted to give us these complimentary shots for our daiquiris. And he just dumps 'em right in. Oh, Okay. Oh, I was very scared. He walks away and we're both kind of like, well, that was kind of weird. And so I proceed to take a couple of drinks at the time, and I don't know, maybe Miami is still this way. You could take your drinks in and out of bars. Like you could walk out with an open container open. So we decide, okay, we're gonna take these daiquiris with us and leave.


'cause we were weirded out by that guy. So we leave and a little while later, Nicole is like, I don't think we should be drinking these good, Nicole. Yeah. So we throw them away. But apparently I must have drank a little more than Nicole had. Oh no. It hits me very fast. Pretty sure I had been roofy. No, My, oh my God. So the rest of the evening is kind of from Nicole's relaying the message to me. But she could tell that I was going downhill very quickly. I was slurring. I was falling all over the place. Whoa. So she got me into a cab, you know, this is pre Uber. We were heading back to the hotel and I threw up all over in the backseat of the cab.


Oh, okay. And so the cab drivers obviously pissed and wants to kick us out. She doesn't even know where we're at. She pleads with him to keep us in the car and get us to the hotel and agrees to give him a really good tip. So we get back to the hotel and Nicole tells me she basically had to like drag me back to the room. I'm sure the surveillance footage looks like some murder documentary or something. But She gets me back to the room. She helps shower me up and shower all the puke outta my hair and gets me cleaned up and in bed next morning, wake up, feel obviously pretty terrible. And we overslept. Nearly missed the ship departure, Made it there just in time.


We get on the ship, we head to our cabin and we're kind of walking down the halls and everybody's got their doors all decorated with actually boys stuff. And this is kind of lifting my spirits. I'm shaken off that night before, getting in a better mood. And we go to the kickoff party that's gonna be on the pool deck. I'm starting to feel better. And I'm like, okay, hair are the dog. I'm gonna get another drink. Yeah. So I get a drink and we're waiting. And the Backstreet Boys come out and make their first big appearance. And everybody goes crazy. We have a good time. Do They perform right away or they're just waving and saying hi? They're just saying hi, basically. Okay. Yeah. Then the ship takes off. And so things are moving, getting started. And I start to notice that, you know, I can feel the motion.


Oh. And normally people tell you on cruise ships, oh, you can't even tell you're moving. Well, I could feel the movement. And so I tell Nicole like, ah, I'm already just not feeling the best. And she was giving me all these pointers, like, let's take some dray lamine, let's step on some ginger ale. Let's do this and that. And so I was trying it and she said, well, whatever you do, just don't go lay down because as soon as you lay down, you're done. You won't get back up. Oh God. And I was like, okay. Nicole's a pro at everything. Yeah. Yeah. The name of this story should be Nicole was right. Oh no. The next event for the night is the Backstreet Boys are gonna be doing this game show thing in one of the theaters.


And so we head to go to this theater and we're walking down the hallway and I mean, you can just see the hallway moving side to Side. Oh God. This is why I don't wanna go on a cruise. People are trying to walk down this hall. And thank God there were these handrails going down the hallway. 'cause you had to hold onto these handrails so you would fall over. It was rocking. So, oh My God. This is like triangle sadness. Yeah, It really is. Oh, for the listener. Monica's getting a little sick right now, just remembering it. I can totally sit. It's a little green. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I can see that you're hanging on by a thread already. Yeah. Oh, it was terrible. And so we go into the theater and I'm seeing a lot of women are just getting up and leaving.


And I'm seeing women coming back with all these doggy bag like vomit bags. Oh, oh my God. And people are getting sick in this theater And I can't take it anymore. So I run out of the theater, I run to the bathroom. The bathroom is full of all these women getting sick. I also love, there's no men on this cruise. It's all women. It's true. They should have let the women use the men's bathroom for this crew. Yes. But there were like crew members in the hallway handing out these doggy bags. I got sick and I told Nicole, I can't do it. I've gotta go back to the room. So I go back to the room and I laid down and Nicole was right.


I could not get up. It was like I was just glued to that bed. I was so bummed because that night there was supposed to be like this eighties party and I had this cute little eighties. So I was stuck in bed and somehow managed to like get some sleep that night. And then the next morning woke up, felt so much better. And I realized it was because we had docked. We were in The Bahamas. Okay. Oh my God. But this was the big day that I got to meet the Backstreet Boys. We went to go watch their sound check for a while because one night they did a concert, Unsure or on the boat. They did Do an appearance on the beach, but the concert was on the boat.


So we went to the soundcheck and then got to do the meet and greet, which was really fast. And I was given strict instructions. Only shake their hands, do not hug them, just say hello and take your picture and get off the stage. No kissing. Yeah. And I could just tell when I went up on that stage, the look on Nick Carter's face was just like, he was terrified. He was waiting for me to just like pounce on him. Oh God, I felt So bad. This is what these men endure all the time. Yeah. I got to meet them. That was exciting. And spent the day on the beach. And then that night we started to head back to Miami.


Oh. And it was like all over again. No, I just could not wait to get off this ship. And I'm so glad that the trip was paid for because if I would've had paid for this cruise and I was vomiting the whole time. Oh My God. God. Oh boy. And Nicole was fine. Did Nicole have a good time? Great time. She sounds like if anyone on the ship might have hooked up with one of the Backstreet Boys, it would've been Nicole. She probably could have, because she went to the casino one night when I was like throwing up and she was at the roulette table with one of them. Oh, fun. So that's my terrible slash awesome cruise story. Listen a, the story's fantastic, but you are just so funny.


Oh, thank you. Can I do a quick shout out course? Yes. Okay. Well obviously shout out Nicole, I Love you. Yeah. Number one. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you for being such an amazing friend. And shout out to my husband. Sorry you weren't able to come along for these shenanigans. You Mean you're fucking welcome. Yes. You dodge this bullet, thank God. Yeah. And shout out to my two sisters. One is an arm cherry and one was a huge fan of parenthood. What are their names? Megan And Molly. Megan and Molly. Oh, shout out. Mm. It Was really hard for my grandma, I'm Sure. Oh, I fuck up my kids' names all the time. And they're drastically different. Wow. Well, I'm sorry that happened, but that was a delight To hear about. Yeah, that was so fun. Thank you so much, Monica.


Thank You. It was so awesome meeting you guys. Take care. Wish your daughter a victory in this high jump contest. Correct. Oh, thank you. Alright. Bye. Bye. Bye. I love her. I love them. She reminds me so much of my cousins, Mandy and Kelly. Yeah, I could see that. Yeah. Same kind of storyteller. I Wonder nowadays if everyone just goes on cruise ships with Zo, like is Zofran the same as Dramamine? Could you take both? Yeah. I don't know what the mechanism for either of them is, but Zofran should have an actual cruise line. It really should. Yeah. And they should sail into the Choppiest waters. Have you seen any footage of these fucking cruises down to Antarctica?


No. None of those have popped up on your Instagram. Uhuh. The water's fucking crashing over the whole front of the boat. Oh my. They've got like a glass thing where you can absorb. People are falling down And breaking shit. Oh yeah. It's nuts. Oh yeah. I also, when we went to Napa, the first thing we did was we went to this winery And it was up a very, very curvy. Yeah. And you Zofran. I Zofran and thank God, because I still felt awful. You did. Even with Even with it, even with the Frame. I hadn't had it. It would've been like that Cruz. Yeah. Oh my God, it was so funny. Yeah. That everyone's got barf bags with the Backstreet Boys. If you're the Backstreet Boys and you're up there and everyone's just puking And are they not puking?


Right. Oh Boy. Oh man. All right. Love you. Love you. Do you wanna sing a tune or something? When a theme song? Oh, Okay, great. We don't have song for this new show. So here I go, go, go. We gonna some random get some suggestions. The On the Fly, enjoy.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


This Is Nick. And this is Jack. We're best friends, ex finance guys and resident nineties experts. And every week on our podcast the best idea yet, we're bringing you the untold stories behind your favorite products. For instance, can you guess which billion dollar fashion company went viral? Thanks to a rhinestone covered tracksuit? Oh. Or which cartoon turned four turtles into a global toy empire by accident? It started as a joke. Last one, which cold beverage was so hated by Starbucks, they actually ended up acquiring it. Spoiler. The Frappuccino. Howard Schultz apparently thought cold coffee was super lame. And then he bought it from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to Juicy Couture to the orange Mocha. Frappuccino. Join us every week to learn how your favorite things got made. Follow the best idea yet on the Wondery app or wherever you get your Podcasts. And you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus. And if this podcast lasts longer than 45 minutes, call your doctor.