
This episode is brought to you by PayPal. Say Yes to summer because now you can get cash back on many of your favorite brands with PayPal. I mean look, I am even using it to take the kids to the zoo. Yeah, that's how useful PayPal is. It's ubiquitous, which is really nice. Yes. And you get cash back. I also like it 'cause you can send money with PayPal to friends. Oh yeah. Which means going haves these when your BFF visits this summer or Callie and I live in the same city so she's not visiting, but we are going on a trip and so we're gonna have to do a lot of Splities And fire money back and forth to each other. That's right. With even more cash back in your pocket when you pay with PayPal. Saying yes to Summertime Fund just got a whole lot easier. Make sure to download the PayPal app. An account with PayPal is required to send and receive money. Redeem points for cash and other options. Terms apply.


We are supported by Squarespace. Did you know our website is powered by Squarespace? Of course you did. Monica and Rob. Naturally You did. 'cause you designed it. We wanted something slick and easy to use and there is simply no better option. When you look at their features like their blueprint, AI makes designing easy and fun. And with fluid engine you can customize every detail with a simple drag and drop interface. Plus you can accept payments any way you like. And their SEO tools help people find you online. Check out squarespace.com for a free trial or go to squarespace.com/dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm Buck Rogers and I'm joined by first Captain Monica Padman. I made it first captain 'cause it's airplanes. Ooh, that makes sense. Yeah. And that was the only word I could think of in the airplane world. I think everyone can listen to this one. Let mean look. Yeah, I mean it's scary If you have a fear of flying, you might not wanna listen. Yeah. And there's pootie but I think Sure. But I think but we don't warn about Poie, Right? Yeah, no, There's no way you could have a trigger of pootie and listen to arms here. I Don't think So at this point. Right? I really don't think So. Okay. Yeah. This is okay to listen to. Please enjoy crazy airplane stories.


Come you gotta know. Hi. Hi. Is this Shivani? Oh my God. It is. How Are you? I'm so excited to be talking to y'all. Us too. Monica forgot that she wears headphones in this. I did. I'm so sorry. I got so disoriented. Is that a dog bridal hanging off the doorknob or a bra? A bathing suit? Yeah. Oh, a little bit of both. I'm at a cottage about two hours north from Toronto, so I just got out of the lake.


I'm Muskoka. Yes. Muskoka. Yes. Wonderful. Oh my God. What a fun summer you're having. It is a very fun summer. Have you been in the lake a bunch in boating? Yes. Can't get me out of the lake Now we're talking girl. Okay. Do you How to swim? I'm a very poor swimmer so people do worry about me when I swim, but I love to do it. Aw, Good. Good for you. Good that you're scaring everyone. As you swim. You and Monica should start like synchronized swimming or something. We Should. And like the really kitty pool. Yeah, I'll do that with you. And people will be watching. So nervous. Like it's a high dive, like a highwire routine even though it's very, it's like a Platform dive. Yes. Even though it's very simple like The Olympic diving team, but it's just us like splashing around.


We Could for Yeah, exactly. For people who can't swim. Okay. But Olas, you have an airplane story I do. Kind Of related. There's a lot of sea planes flying in and out of Muskoka. That's True. And this took place on a flight into Canada. So it's all a little bit related. I actually live in New York, but I'm a dual citizen, which is why I'm here. So this story starts out in New York City. It was January, 2020. So right before everything was about to go to shit. We had no idea you Were probably on the plane with an early covid person and didn't know it. Oh my god. I'm one of those people who I'm like, I had it at that time. Like I had such a horrible cough. Like of course I can never prove it. But yeah. So I might have been the person on the plane with it. Yeah. So I was already having the most horrible day.


A cat had spilled a glass of water on my computer and so it wasn't working On the plane. This is leading up to the plane. No cat Airlines. That'd Be crazy. So I kept trying to buy a new laptop. My card kept declining 'cause I thought it was fraud and I literally called my mom and I said something horrible is gonna happen on this flight because that's how bad my day has been. Oh no. So I don't know if I manifested it or if I was having a psychic moment. Neither's a good option. So I go to the airport, it's a flight from New York City to Ottawa, Ontario, which is about an hour. We're about 50 minutes into the flight. Everything's been smooth sailing. Totally good. And then suddenly the flight attendant gets over the loudspeaker, but it's so choppy you can't hear barely anything.


I just hear the words emergency landing, loss of air pressure going down. Oh my God. Oh, oh my Lord. Right. When she says that the plane literally dives down and is also shaking side to side. I get like whipped to the side, which I later found out caused me to break two ribs on the like armrest of the plane. I broke a nail, which was obviously much less significant but still notable. But real quick, was this a big airplane or was this more one of those commuter propeller, smaller planes? It Was two seats on each side and then maybe like 12 rows or something. Yes. One that's likely to go down.


Right. More likely. I've flown a lot in my life and I also have really bad flight anxiety, but I'm usually able to like talk myself down or distract myself. But this was the first time that I truly was like I have to start drafting text messages saying goodbye to my loved ones. I literally wrote a text to my mom, I wrote a text to my best friend 'cause we're literally plummeting down. Oh and nobody's saying anything. We're just staring out. It's foggy, it's dark, you can't see a single thing. So after about five minutes that felt like 25 years, the pilot gets on over the loudspeaker and they are clear as day, thank God. And they say we tried to land in Ottawa, it didn't work. Oh. So we have to emergency land in Burlington, but everything's fine.


We're fine and we're gonna land safely. We're just gonna go to Burlington. And for a little bit of Canadian geography, Burlington Ontario is about 30 minutes outside of Toronto. So people on the plane start to like make plans and they're like, okay, you know what? Like we can easily get to Toronto, Pearson, get on another flight to Ottawa, still get there tonight. This isn't the worst thing in the world. We finally land and everyone's just like, thank God we're not dead. But then they come over the loudspeaker and they say, welcome to Burlington, Vermont. And everyone on the plane is like, oh fuck. Oh no. So not only are we now in a different country than we intended to land on, they tell us that we actually can't disembark from the plane because we flew into Canadian airspace, which means that we now need to go through customs.


But because the Burlington airport is teeny tiny, the airport was closed, locked down, key lights off. So not only did they have to get airplane staff to come unlock the airport, they also needed to wake up all the customs people trained from their pajamas and get back to the airport. It's about like 12:30 AM at this point. So we end up having to sit on this tiny plane where we've all almost died together for I want to say like an hour and a half, two hours. So they finally let us off. We have to go through customs, but they're just asking the basic custom questions like what did you purchase while you were in Canada? You bringing anything back? And it's like we were in the sky crash landing. Nobody did any business while they were in Canada.


We finally get to go through and they ship us off to various hotels. I get to go to the Windjammer Hotel, which looks like a log cabin. Could have been fun on a different occasion, but I was like, I just wanted a nice hotel. If I was gonna have to stay the night in Burlington, Vermont. And they tell us we're gonna send a shuttle back to the hotel at 9:00 AM your flight will depart at 10:00 AM Burlington, Vermont is even closer. So now it's like literally a 25 minute flight. So I get maybe four hours of sleep, get back on, get to the airport. The airport is also only open for us. No flights. Were scheduled to leave that Saturday. We're sitting in the terminal for like three hours. They're not telling us anything. Finally they come on the loudspeaker and they say the pilot overslept and God.


So he's not coming. God it He's not coming. Yeah. I don't understand that whole like they time out there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was one of those situations. So they're like, he's not coming. So now we have to call every pilot in Burlington and see who wants to take this flight. Another hour passes, they find a pilot. Finally we board the plane. He Sobers up. Yeah, they pull him out Of a bar. I'm sure that's what it was. He got a little too excited at the Windjammer hotel bar that before they get us on the plane, then they have to get the customs people to come on, check the manifest and check all of our names to make sure we all boarded on the flight. Because since we've been in Canadian airspace, not going back what it meant, we were like stowaways or something. So they're going through the list. They cannot find one guy. They keep recounting as if that's gonna change the outcome of when the sky's here.


At some point the flight attendant just goes, we've all had a really long 24 hours and just pulls out the bucket of alcohol on the flight. Oh. And is like anyone take whatever they want. So I'm chugging like mini bottles of chardonnay. Good and bad idea. I don't know if like adding drunkenness to this scenario is gonna make anyone behave better, But at least people feel seen. Sure, sure, sure, sure. Which Is a huge deal. We felt like we were getting at least a little bit of reward. I also feel like most of the people on the flight were Canadian and so they probably would've just gotten more happy with some alcohol. Right. I'm having my chardonnay finally, we take off, we get to Ottawa 25 minutes later and basically it's been a 24 hour ordeal.


I've come out with a $250 bill from the Windjammer hotel. Two broken ribs. They Charge you? Yeah. And $250. I would've liked to spend that at a different hotel in a different city. Sure, sure, sure. Not the Windjammer for Four hours. What the Fuck? So came away with that broken ribs had to get my manicure fixed, but I survived. And so I guess that's the good part of the story. But it was definitely the most unpleasant flight experience I've ever had. Did You submit your doctor bills right there? Was there any kind of effort made to make everything good with you guys or no? No, because it was like it fell under the act of God category. Oh. So basically that means they don't have to compensate you for anything.


They're like not our fault. That insane. Wow. Lower ribs I guess. Yeah, Lower ribs. I mean it's not the worst thing in the world. It just meant I like couldn't work out for a little bit and I was uncomfortable sitting most of the time. Ribs is terrible. Your breathing hurts. Yeah. And because I had that crazy cough that I suspected was covid, it also didn't make it feel better because I was like hacking. Oh sure. Did they ever explain what happened to the aircraft that caused the emergency landing? This is my armchair theory, I will say. Because I was going to fly to visit my dad and so he was like tracking my flight because we just went off the grid for like half an hour. And so he was worried, but he was saying every other flight was landing in Ottawa.


It wasn't like there was actually some big weather problem. So I think it might just not have been a very good pilot. I think she like tried and things didn't go well. Well She was tired. She needed to sleep clearly. Well she had her sleep, She got a big sleep. But I don't know the reasoning and people were generally pretty chill about it. Like nobody caused a fuss. But it was definitely unpleasant. They Couldn't have had any customs workers at the Burlington Vermont airport. It's not an international airport under normal circumstances. Right. I think it technically is because they have like one flight every other day to Montreal. Oh, okay. Last question. When planes get crazy in movies, everyone screams, but it sounds like everyone got really calm.


I don't know, calm, but everyone got very quiet. Like I feel like you almost have to keep to yourself to be like, this isn't happening, this isn't happening. Whereas if you start to talk to people or I was also traveling alone so I don't know, you know people who are in couples or in families, but it sounded very quiet and I think everyone was just like, pretend it's not happening. Pretend it's not happening. Oof. I do not like that 2020 was not a good year. It was wild. I think maybe my bad energy, the whole thing that one flight just was a butterfly effect. When you told your mom this was gonna be a bad flight, your computer had already been ruined. I too have had a couple things go wrong. I think we've even been traveling at some point I'll get weird where I'm like, God, I keep getting signal after signal.


Yeah. Like I'm forcing myself to make this flight or I'm forcing this situation. Yeah. That's the only time I get really kind of spooked. Well I'm like, am I ignoring these signals? I feel bad because I've done it a few times where I've canceled flights really last minute because I'm Like, oh 'cause of that feeling. Well it's like I don't feel that good. Maybe it's the world trying to tell me not to fly. Like I've done it a couple times. Which that's bad too. Yeah, you've Been answering that call and responding. I haven't. And we're both alive. Right. So we learned nothing. Yeah, and you're alive too. Yeah, We are all alive. I think it's that weird thing where it's like anxiety versus intuition. Hard to know. Probably a bit of both. We were one time in Chicago where we went to the wrong airport maybe and we were fucking racing.


Remember to go to Minnesota? Minnesota And I was like driving down all these arterial roads at a million miles an hour to get us there. Midway airport. Yeah. And I was like, yeah, do you remember that was am I supposed to just accept the will of God right Now? Well that and then we had shows so we Couldn't, we had shows we we had to die even if we knew we were gonna die. Yeah. For You guys are dedicated to your craft. I appreciate it. Well Well thank you so Shavan, lovely meeting you. Thanks So much. And I know everyone says this, but I've been listening since the very beginning. I loved parenthood. My mom who's actually been sitting here listening in. Oh. Oh hi Mom. We watched Parenthood together every single week when I was younger. So you're a big part of our lives. Well tell her. Crosby says hi and I love you. Crosby says hi.


Alright, well wonderful meeting you and thanks so much for telling us that story. Enjoy Muskoka, you brat. I'm so jealous. Brat. Summers. All right, bye-Bye bye. Oh hi. Hello. Where are you Aubrey? I'm in San Francisco. Oh, Wonderful. And are you a native to San Francisco? I'm from Palo Alto and then moved to San Francisco. Nice. Okay. Do you love it? I love it. I was in LA for college and couldn't get outta LA quick enough, so. Okay, great. Back up to the bay. What college did you go to? USC. Oh sure, sure, sure, sure. Trojan. Yeah. Fight on We're enemies. You Guys are fake Big enemies. Frenemies.


Frenemies. Can you tell us what you do in San Francisco? I Do commercial real estate. That seems like a good place to do it. Pretty pricey up there. Yeah, Exactly. Okay, so you have a crazy airplane story. I do have a crazy airplane story. My fiance boyfriend at the time and I were at a wedding in Seattle and we're on a Sunday night, 8:00 PM flight. It was a smaller airport, it was pain field. So 30 minutes before we're boarding, he gets a text on his phone that he's been upgraded to first class. Oh, seat one A And he's like, you take it and we're being polite. And I'm like, no, you take it. I end up boarding the plane first to make sure he takes that seat. So don't come for him when I say he was in seat one A and I was in the second to last row of the plane, I'm not Gonna come for him because this has happened to me.


And I go, I'm so much bigger than you. It makes sense for me. So I've been very selfish. That's bad what you did Dax. This guy seems nice. He's really Trying to give you I he you to seat. I knows much better person than me. Yeah. I leverage my size in this situation to get the seat. Yeah. So he's better than me. I'll remember that. 30 minutes into the flight, everything's totally normal. We're in the air and the flight attendant gets on the PA system and I've never heard a flight attendant so frantic in her life. She says We have an emergency situation, everyone prepare for an emergency landing. And I just feel the plane just turn and dart down. And I saw my life flash before my eyes. I was like, we're going down. This was right at the beginning of everything happening in the Middle East. I was like, there's an attack and my boyfriend is at the front of the plane and I'm gonna die alone back here.


How big of a plane was it? It Was like a big plane, two by two and then he was sitting alone. Okay, so one scene on the left in first. Yeah. Not small and completely full. So she gets on and we don't hear from her again for 20 minutes. But it was so frantic that I was like, something is terribly wrong right now. This is how I go. So I'm texting my boyfriend and I'm like, what the hell is happening? This is the end. Are you okay? And he's not replying to me. So I start gaslighting myself. I'm like, maybe I'm dramatic. I am on the verge of a panic attack and I'm like doing breathing exercises and I see this guy walking from the cockpit to the back of the plane. The flight attendant made it pretty clear we need to be in our seats right now. Everyone around me is pretty quiet, but I'm fully turned around in my seat watching this guy interact with the flight attendant.


She zip ties him. What? He's hysterically crying. She's talking him like, we're gonna get you down. I'm feeling like an asshole. I'm like, oh God, maybe something happened with this guy. And she gets back on the PA system and she's like, we have a medical emergency. It's just for one passenger. Everything's gonna be okay. But you can still hear. She's like terrified in her voice. Oh my lord. I can't gauge what's happening. But as we're about to touch down, I get a text back from my boyfriend and he's like, wait, where are we? And I was like, Bruh, he was out cold. He was asleep the entire Time. Oh, good for him. We touched down the doors open and five cops like fully armed, rush onto the plane and like sprint to the back where I'm sitting and escort this guy who just looks dead in the eyes off the plane.


What? Oh my God. Same guy that got handcuffed. Yeah. So he was kind of by you this whole time. Yeah, I was peeping. I was getting all the teeth. That's when the whispers start and we're like, what happened? He had the employee badges on, so he worked for the airline, which is why when he was out of his seat I was like, maybe he's allowed to be at that point. It's midnight, we need to get on another flight. Well Really quick. Did you land at the airport you were destined for or have you stopped short of there? We were in Oregon. We were supposed to be in San Francisco. Okay, okay. Okay. We get off and my teeth are like fully chattering. I'm not recovered from the situation. And my boyfriend who was asleep at the time was just holding me while I was profusely shaking.


And I was like, sorry if I'm being dramatic. I just feel like that could have gone really badly. I don't know what happened. They book us on the next flight, the new flight attendants trying to get the scoop from us. And she's like, I heard he might have had a knife. Oh, rumors were flying. And she was like, I don't know what I would've done in that situation. And we're like, ma'am, that's your job. You're supposed to know what to do in that situation. Yeah. We land in San Francisco, it's 2:00 AM we're delirious. We go to bed and we wake up to 30 text messages from our friends and family to this news article. And the headline says, off-duty pilot charged with 83 counts of attempted murder.


What? This pilot who was off duty hitching a ride from Seattle to San Francisco, was sitting in the jump seat. He had taken shrooms two days prior. Oh. And never snapped out of it. What? He thought he was having a bad dream and he reached for the emergency levers. Oh. Which shut off the plane entirely. Oh my goodness. What? So he successfully pulled them, what you have to do is pull and then twist. But the two pilots flying the plane managed to wrestle him and like push them back in so that the engines didn't entirely shut off. And your boyfriend was front row to all this and missed it.


Thank You for recognizing that. Oh My god. He missed a Scuffle and it was a big scuffle. 'cause we lost like 15,000 feet of altitude during the scuffle. Oh my God. And he was asleep with his noise canceling headphones and missed the entire thing. Oh My Lord. Wow. And so I'm assuming the pilots helped restrain him while the flight attendant put the cuffs on. No. So the flight attendants were in the back of the plane. Oh. The pilots fully wrestled him like full MMA match in the cockpit. Pushed him out, locked the door behind him and then he like kind of snapped into it, I guess, and walked himself all the way to the back of the plane and told the flight attendant, if you don't zip time me right now, this is gonna be really bad.


Oh My. Because she was saying to him, don't worry. Right. Yeah. Like, we're gonna get you We, don't be safe. Get Yeah. That's how we have survived an attempted hijacking. Whoa. By a delusional, the shrooms part of the story does not make sense to me. Yeah. I don't like that. I don't know if he's using that as some reason. But there's no way shrooms are are lasting for two days. And you That feels crazy. Yeah. There's gotta be something else going on. He must have just done the shrooms. Yeah. And said they were from two days ago. Yeah. I don't know. I took him two days ago. Yeah. He's still a pilot. He's not supposed to be taking shrooms at all. Right. That's so scary that that person flies planes. Oh, That's not to think about that aspect. But I wonder what happened. 'cause there's no way it's gonna hold up the charge him with the attempted murder of 35 people.


83. 83. Sorry. Did you ever get any updates beyond that of what ended up happening? Yeah. I mean we were contacted by the FBI. We were supposed to be part of a lawsuit. We were on CNN at one point. Like Oh, it was a whole thing. Wow. And where's the guy at now? He's Home. I guess they validated his shroom story. I mean the poor guy. He has a family and all that. Oh, I'm happy that he told them to restrain him. He knew enough to know somebody has to stop me after He got beat up by the pilots. I hate hearing a story like that. It's very eighties propaganda. Show the war. Yeah. Someone taking acid and trying to fly. I know. It is sad. I guess it does happen.


Or maybe he had way more stuff going on. Oh, I don't Know. Oh my God. Also, why do they let him up there? Like he should just sit in this regular seats. Well I think they changed that whole law and now they don't have off-duty people in the cockpit. Oof. Oh man, that's a crazy story. That's kind of my dream. Of course. Knock on wood. I wanna, okay, I'll knock on wood. I just hope I get called onto restrain somebody. That's a threat. You know, I don't want anyone to be in danger, but if someone has to be in danger, I wanna be a part of that team that takes 'em down. Okay. Okay. I learned that I was no use in a terrorist situation. Yeah. Maybe it was a blessing that your boyfriend fell asleep because maybe he wouldn't have responded then he would've felt guilty that he wasn't in the mix.


Who knows? Can I bring him in to say hi? Yeah, sure. Hey, Well I can't believe you missed such an exciting thing. I know. I was having great dreams. Were You also on shrooms? I plead the fifth on that one. Now let me ask you this. Had you been awake and you saw the scuffle, would your instinct have been to ignored or get involved? I'd like to think like you Dax. I would jump in there and do something. Maybe even fly the plane if I could. Yes. Ideally. I might've just watched it go down. You never Know. Hard to know until you're in this situation Until And You're awake. Until you're awake. I have a little fun fact. I've actually been in your attic before. How? What? That's scary. Yeah. Yeah. When you were sleeping. Yeah.


Yeah. I work for Dr. Michael Dravet. And then when you had Pete Carroll on, I came in and took photos. No way. That was a very fun episode. I remember it well. So fun. How crazy. You should have say that for the prompt. You Could actually give us behind the scenes. 'cause my theory on that interview is that Pete Carroll was being told the whole time like, you should go do this. And he was like, what the fuck is this? And then he got here and he's like, oh my god, what is this? Someone's at it. And then about midway through, he started really enjoying it and liking it. I count him as one of the people we won over. But I do think leading up to it, he was like, what the fuck is this? He had a preseason game like two hours after. He was probably like, what is going on? I'm in an attic. I can't blame him. But he was great. Well nice meeting both of you and I'm glad you survived.


Thank you. We thank you. Alright. Have a Great everyone rest. Play next to each other in the future. That's what we learned we Do Now. No more headphones. Be on high alert. All right. Take care. Thanks Guys. You really cock blocked a joke. Oh, I'm sorry. Okay. What were you gonna say? Say It now. I started to say you should have saved it for the prompt and then you started talking. But the rest of the sentence was Tell us what a time you were in our attic. Oh, that would be a scary prompt. Let's talk to Neil. Maybe you'll remember. Neil, my brother. Your brother's on it says Neil P. Does it really? Oh my God. I was like, like is this the time where he accidentally snuck in a box cutter? Oh, That could be one. He could be the problem.


Yep. Hi. Hey, back to Monica. It's so great to meet you guys. Yes. How are you Neil? I'm great. Wonderful. Where are you? Atlanta. What Part? In Decatur. So like 15 minutes east of downtown. It's turned into such a cool spot. It is very cool. Really nice restaurant. And Did you grow up in Decatur? I Grew up in East Point, which is south and it's kind of a rough area. And moved to Decatur when I went to school. Okay, Okay. What high school? I went to all Catholic high school. So I was raised Catholic hardcore. Not Catholic anymore of course. But I feel like everyone goes through Catholic school and then they realize how crazy it is. Are you Italian? Italian stallion style? Yeah, absolutely. Okay. So Neil, you have a crazy airplane story.


Yeah. So it actually happened about nine years ago. My wife was about to have our first kid. She was due like a week later. Oh wow. You're not supposed to be flying, right? You were cutting it close. Yeah, Exactly. But it was a work trip. And my boss basically, I mean he is a narcissist. He's just absolute crazy person when you have crazy bosses. Next I'll apply for that one. Okay, that's a good idea. That's a great bosses. We were going to flying into Pennsylvania. He's a pilot. So we were in a private plane. I don't know if you know a serious style plane. Yeah. It's like a single crop. And so we're going to see this client about vanilla. We were in the vanilla business. Oh, interesting. Oh, vanilla extract. We imported vanilla from Madagascar.


I was a purchaser. And so like I spent a lot of time in Madagascar. So we were going to visit a client that buys the beans from us and they extract it. That sounds tasty. Yeah. Really quick. 'cause I'm curious. So I wouldn't have even known that. So vanilla's a bean and you would travel around Madagascar in search of the most delicious Yeah. Vanilla. And then how do you qualify it? How do you tell if it's good or not? Do you smell it or you crush it up and eat it? What do you do? When I Would go to Madagascar, the main thing was to protect our money. Honestly. That's the main goal. 'cause you have to pay like hundreds and hundreds of thousand of dollars in advance and you're there to like watch the guys make sure they don't steal all your money. Oh, I know a lot about vanilla, but your guys on the ground are the ones that are qualifying everything.


Got okay. Really? Vanilla extract is actually like the shittiest beans. It's the industrial grade. Oh, So is there really high-end? Beautiful vanilla. We're not getting Yes. Or made beans are what your chefs are using to make creme eggs. That's the greatest. And that's when they're scraping the seeds out of the vanilla beans and putting it in the actual dish. That's the premium stuff. Okay. Mm. I want ice cream. You want ice cream now? Yes. Okay. I want bananas. Foster, would that work? Okay. Okay. But yeah, so we were flying from Atlanta to Pennsylvania. The trip didn't start out good because the console in the middle is missing. My boss's name is Rich. I'm like, rich, where's the computer? And he is like, oh, don't worry, it's getting repaired. Oh, oh. Oh my God. Oh. But he's like that. He does have the other instruments, the manual instruments.


I'm already like a little scared. I've been with him flying before, so it's not like it's my first time. And then we take off and right away I hear this really loud noise and I'm like, what is that noise? And he's like, shit, the door's open. So The plane Rich the fuck. Come on dude.


We are supported by better help. Self-care is so important for me. That's hiking. I love to get out there and hike and take some time where I'm not looking at my phone or doing anything work related. Get your legs moving. Get My body moving. Me too. Well my logs as everyone knows about help me with my self-care. But also baths and skincare routines. Yeah, but look, I get it. Life is hectic and you let things fall by the wayside. It's during those times though that it's more important than ever to take some time for yourself. And if you need a little help in the self-love department therapy is always a great option. We love therapy. We're both in therapy. Yep. Had therapy on Saturday was incredible. Therapies Are great at pointing out like, Hey, when's the last time you just kind of did something that was not goal related? Mm. You know, just kind of try to enjoy a minute they're, they're good at that. Yeah. If you're ready to start therapy, give better help a try. It's designed to be convenient and flexible and you can switch therapists whenever you need for no additional charge. Never Skip Therapy Day with Better Help. Visit better help.com/dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help hlp.com/dax.


We are supported by Squarespace. There's never been a better time to create your own website thanks to Squarespace, especially because of their new guided design system. Blueprint AI choose from professionally curated layout and styling options. And then Blueprint AI can build a unique online presence from the ground up tailored to your brand or business and optimized for every device. And I'm not just saying the experience is good, even our site is powered by Squarespace. We're putting our site where our mouth is. That's right. Check out squarespace.com for a free trial or go to squarespace.com/dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


We are supported by Ollie. I love Ollie. I use their sleep gummies. They're So good. I Don't sleep well. Yeah, me either. But can I tell you something? They're so good that I look forward to eating them. I know they're a treat. They're like, they're a treat right before bed. I can't tell you how much I like 'em during the back to school season. Olly's got us covered. Olly Sleep gummies can help the family get the rest they need. Their probiotics can keep gut health in check and their hello, happy and goodbye. Stress gummies can lift the mood. Buy three and get one free with code bundle twenty4@olly.com. That's OLL y.com.


Is it just you and Rich on this plane? It's just me and Rich. Ah, Fuck this. Okay. He's like, okay, we gotta land and close the door. I'm like, okay, great. Yeah, I would love to close the door. So we land, close the door, we take off again. Stop. 30 minutes passes, we're flying. I'm trying to calm myself down and so I'm like, Hey man, you wanna put some music on? I got the new Mumford and Sons album, it's really good. And he's like, yeah, we start playing it. I know Rich really well. It's a very interesting relationship with that. I hate him to death, but it's also like he's my father figure. Yeah. Kind of thing. My dad died when I was young. It's a complicated relationship. So he knows my body language. He's like, you okay man? And I'm like, no, I'm really nervous.


And he is like, just watch this gauge. As long as it doesn't go below this level, we're good. Oh my God. So I'm just watching the gauge. 15 more minutes goes by and then all of a sudden the gauge goes below whatever it is, 20 I think. And I'm like Rich. Then all of a sudden he's like doing something in his head trying to figure out what's going on. I learned later that he is got these steps to follow. Yeah. When you have an issue and at the same time you start to hear the engine, like you know when a lawnmower runs out of gas, it's like cook, cook, cook, cook, cook, Fuel, starvation. Yeah. And then it just dies. Oh, Oh, oh, the engine quits. It's okay because this is a glide plane. We're not like just crashing. He can land Assuming he can find some nice stretch of something.


Right. I don't really know all this at the time, but later he is like, it's a glide plane, we're gonna land. So he's kind of calming me down. We're not like screaming. I'm a silent panic thing. We're now over the Appalachian Mountains in North Carolina. He finds a small airport in the middle of the mountain. This is the one time where it gets panicky. He's like, Neil, where's the airport? I need you to look for it. And I'm like, oh God, I don't see it. And he's like, look for the airport. I'm like, I don't see it. Oh my God. There it's there. It's, and I'm like, okay. So then we just circling and circling and the most emotional I got was my son is about to be born. The thought in my head was like, fuck, my son is gonna be brought up without a dad too. Oh yeah. Yeah.


And that was the thing that hurt the most. Well, and you just said your dad died when you were young. Oh, you're having a kid to heal this thing and now you're doing the same thing. Exactly. Anyways, we start going down and down and as we get closer, the wind is super strong. The plane is going like sideways back and forth and it's pushing us down. And We don't have an engine, right? So there's no throttle, there's nothing to get us back in the air. And the way that runway is on a plateau and then as you're coming in, it's like a valley below it. So if you don't have enough altitude, plane's gonna run straight into the side of the mountain. Hmm. So as we're getting closer and closer, rich starts to kind of get a little panicky and eventually he says, Neil, we're gonna have to pull the chute.


Oh my goodness. What's amazing about this airplane is it has a parachute. He pulls this thing kind of like an explosion goes off. Like you could feel it catch you and then all of a sudden the plane starts to tilt forward. And I didn't know this at the time, so I'm thinking we're dying. But apparently it's supposed to land like with the nose first. Oh, does that take the brunt of the impact? You're Just watching the ground come closer at you? We hit the ground and it literally just lands right on the landing gear. Really? Oh. Like nothing happened. We got out of the plane. I just screamed like a monkey in the middle of a horse pasture. It's like a beautiful day. Well you're in Appalachia. It's gorgeous. How far away are you from the airport?


We were pretty close after they picked us up. It was like a 10 minute drive. I Wonder how frequently planes land in this farmer's pasture. I Know. That was it. My son was born a week later and I named him after my dad Really quick. Did that slow riches aviation dreams down at all? Or was he right back up in the skies, bro, He wanted to fly home. Yeah. That's the kind of person he's, and I said said Fuck that. I said, fuck you, go ahead. I'm driving home. He's like, Neil, you idiot. It's still more dangerous to go in a Car. I dunno. I mean it is a little bit like get back on that horse if You're him. If you're into flying a plane. Yeah. Which I can't relate to on any level.


But I guess if that is something you like doing, you probably do have to do it quickly or you'll probably never do it again. I gotta tread lightly here 'cause there's a lot of amateur pilots and They do a great job and I don't want to offend anyone, but yeah, I've had some friends that fly and they're like, come up and I'm like, absolutely not. Yeah. I want to be with the person who flew in the military 20,000 hours, then flew commercially for another 40,000 hours. I don't need someone an hour. Absolutely. 200 not 50. Dealing with the engine going out. I've been with friends who are pilots and I watch 'em go through the checklist and clearly shut the doors. Gotta be really high up on the list. So you gotta wonder if Rich missed that one. Like what other part of the checklist did he miss? Agree.


I presume you don't work for him anymore. I have my own business now, so, okay. No I don't. What did experience, I cannot imagine nose diving. I only had a much tinier experience with just Ryan and I hitting this jump in the sand dunes in this razor over and over again. It's great. Every time we hit it one last time and yeah, at the peak of the trajectory, the front end just tilted down and yeah, we just came smashing down the earth face first. It's quite an experience to watch the earth close in quickly through the front windshield. Then again at the same time, if everyone could experience it and live, it's a great thing to have that happen and survive. Wow. Make you appreciate everything. When you guys ultimately got to Pennsylvania, he had a great story to tell the client.


Yeah. You know, he never got that business though. Oh, Okay. We risk our life for nothing. All for Naugh. Wow. What a story. Yeah, Neil, I'm glad you made it. That's harrowing. Alright, Thanks guys. It was awesome to meet you guys. So nice meet you too. Nice meet you too, brother. Take care. Wow. Very positive. I'd be so mad at that person. Oh, I know. I will say, Go Ahead. I'm kind of impressed he landed it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I really am. Yeah. Yeah. I'm glad he chose to pull the shoot. Yeah, he did do some things right at the end there it seems. Thank God they put parachutes on those small airplanes. What a cool Advancement. Yeah, I agree. Thank you. Advancement. Also I have made delicious vanilla rice pudding With shaving the With scraping the beans from the inside of the really vanilla bean.


Yeah, That sounds very tedious. It is. It's so tedious. But you love it. You love tedium. You're fiend for tedium. Tedium pee. Yeah. Well it's definitely rewarding when it tastes so good. I've probably been in a restaurant that was nice enough to have that, but I'm now feeling like I need to try really premium vanilla. Yeah. It's so good. Ooh, Let's talk to Jamie. Hi. Hi. Hello. Is this Jamie? It's Jamie. How are you? Hi Jamie. Good. Where are you? I am in Atlanta. We Just spoke to, to another Atlanta Decatur. Yeah. Big airport here. You know, Airport. True. Huge hub. Huge hub. You are right. Where in Atlanta are you? I'm south of the city, so I'm actually, it's so funny, I was listening to the Monday fact check while I was getting ready.


And Monica, you said you filmed dropped at Divas in Peachtree City. That's where I live. Oh, No way. Did they shoot Walking Dead there or close to There? So Walking Dead was filmed at Sono, which is 10 minutes down the road from me. Oh, okay. Was that the biggest thing to hit the area? I mean, that show was huge For sure. Like they still do tours. I get my hair done in Sno and they will still have people walking around in like zombie costumes. Oh wow. They go in character. Cool. Yeah, I've never seen the show. And it's the cutest little town. If you go down to a bottom level, there's a huge museum with like clothes from the show and stuff. Oh wow. They really leaned in. I like that they Really leaned in. Yeah. We have Trice now too, which is like a huge movie studio.


So we have a lot of stuff filming around here These days. Yeah, a lot of good filming Unforeseen. Like if my hometown of Milford became a hotbed of filming, that'd be the weirdest thing to me. I Grew up here. It is very strange that like all of a sudden we have stuff to do in the evenings and it's becoming this cool little place 'cause of all this. Okay, So you have a crazy airplane story. I do. So this was in probably 2016. I will preface by saying I'm a flight attendant. Oh, Oh great. This should be good. Any party I'm at, people are like, oh, what's the craziest thing that's ever happened to you on a plane? Of course. And I have a lot, but this is like the safest one to share on a public forum, I think. But we also want Dangerous and quickly though. Oh, you can maybe hit us with three or four stories if you want, but how many flights do you think you've been on?


Do you know? Thousands. I don't know. My dad's also a pilot, so I grew up flying everywhere. And then now with this, when I first started, I would work 16, 17 days a month flying four flights a day. Wow. Oh my God. That's 16 a month right there. I've Been flying now almost 10 years. So now I just do day trips and stuff. I have kids now, so things have changed. So Then this was early in your career? This was nine years ago. Yeah. I had only been flying for a couple months, so I was working a trip to Cancun. Caribbean flights are just crazy. People are going on vacation and so that's just a thing as a flight attendant, you know, if you're going to Florida or the Caribbean, you're in for an interesting crowd.


Onboarding had a man who came on board in first class with a sombrero that was so large it wouldn't fit in the overhead bin. Oh boy. And so I had to put his sombrero in the closet where our wheelchairs are supposed to be stowed. That's just the type of flight that we're on. We called these flights turns. That means you just go to the city, you turn around, you come right back home. So it's just a one day trip. We had already flown into Cancun and dropped off those passengers and gotten new passengers and we were flying back to base from Cancun. And really quick, just tell me the shift in vibe because when people are going there, they're so excited. They may be or a little drunk before they even get on the plane, they're coming home, they're just completely rung out their sunburn.


What's the vibe? Yeah, That's exactly right. Like it's the same as working Vegas. Yes. Going to, you're running outta liquor, your drawers are like empty. You're going back to the carts. You know, it's the same with the Caribbean. And then coming home everyone's like, I need more water, please just get me water. Like water shock. Can you, the shades, you're not serving drinks, You need to keep electrolytes on those flights for sure. Yes. That would be very helpful. Okay, so we are in the phase of flight where it's 10,000 feet and the captain gives us the double ding. So we go to stand up to set up our carts. We're setting up our carts in the back galley, and all of a sudden this passenger collapses backwards out of the lap.


So we hadn't seen him go in, he had, but we were just setting up the carts and stuff. He was luckily fully clothed like a gentleman probably in his mid to late sixties and kind of bigger guy. And he just fell out of the left into the the gall floor. Oh my God. One thing to witness by the way. Yeah. A body flying through that door. I feel like that would be very comedic. I'm new. You just get outta training with all this experience. And they always tell you like anything that can happen on the ground can happen on the plane. So like our medical training has to be pretty decent. But I obviously like lose all of it. The only thing I can remember is like they tell me to say, my name's Jamie. I'm a flight attendant. That's All you got In the sky.


And he's not coming to, oh, he's breathing. He's just unconscious. And so flight attendant who's with me, she leaves to go get medical equipment, which is her role in this situation. And she tells flight, attend up front, who's then communicating with the pilot, which is all of our procedure, to let them know we're having a medical emergency. But I'm just in the back with this guy reminding Him of your name every few seconds. Yeah, Just trying to check on him. Also, there's one detail I need clarification on. If you guys were just setting up when this happened, clearly he got up before the double ding. Like he needed to get to the bathroom. He had to go as soon as you took Off. That's right. So they call for a doctor, and I'm still just like kneeling next to this guy on the floor of the galley.


And thank god this barefooted man comes running down the aisle to me and I'm like, oh my gosh, a doctor, thank you. And I'm looking at him and he's the man who had come on board with the sombrero. Oh, Oh. And he's barefoot. Are you sure you're a doctor? But beggar can't be choosers. I was just so grateful to have company. He could have been like anybody. And so he kneels at this guy's head and he's checking for a pulse and slowly this guy is like coming back too. So a minute or so into this, his wife comes back. So I guess she realized, oh, he got up to go to the bathroom. They called for a doctor. Oh, ah, he's still not back. So she comes back and she's like, oh no. And she said, Ugh, he's had montezumas and he's been vomiting for days.


Oh. And so I think that he has fainted. He's not been able to keep anything down. Oh no. And so the doctor's like, oh, okay, okay. Montezuma. And the doctor's having me get him stuff, you know, like an orange juice and some galley wipes. This guy's pretty sweaty and it's just like a lot of moisture. And he's having me get a trash bag and I'm sitting there and it's getting increasingly more stinky. Ah, okay. So it had started out God getting smelly, and I had been like, okay, you know, he fell outta the bathroom, whatever, but it's just getting worse and it's getting worse. Oh. And I look at the doctor and he looks at me and he kind of nods like, yeah, what you're thinking is what's happened.


And as that happened, the passenger looks up at me and he says, ma'am, I thought I'd been passing gas. But I think that more has been coming out. Oh, That's the most delicate way to say, I've shit myself. I thought I was passing gas, but I do believe there was more. So I am kneeling and have been kneeling at this guy's torso for the last 10 minutes. And I realized the thing that I thought was moisture from the sweaty man stop is diarrhea. Oh no. And I am just sitting, hold On, hold on. No, you're sitting in it. Its leaked out of his pants. And you were kneeling in it. I Was in a puddle. Oh, of his diarrhea. No, Fuck. And you don't have like mops on board or anything, right?


I know. Where do we start? Or a change of clothes probably. Oh my God. Yeah. So I am sitting in this man's poop and he realizes it and I realize it and the doctor realizes it and we're all just having this moment. And the wife's like, oh no. And he looks up at me and he is so embarrassed, of course. And he goes, I am so sorry. And I just looked and I said, you know what? Worst things have happened to me. And in my head I'm thinking literally nothing worse has ever happened to me. Like this is the worst thing that's ever happened. But I'm trying so hard to make sure that he's feeling okay. Kind. White loss. It was, oh, you should have seen my last flight.


Yeah, this Happens all the time. So just poop everywhere. So I'm sitting in this man's poo. So I go to stand up and I look down and I'm in pantyhose, and from knee to ankle, it's just soaked. It's covered in this man's diarrhea. The doctor looks at the wife and is like, do you guys have a change of clothes on board? And she's like, I think he has his swimsuit and his book bag. And the doctor's like, yes, please go get that swimsuit. So he goes and gets it and the doctor's like, can we use this space? I'm gonna get him cleaned up. I'm like, okay. And as he's pushing me kind of into the aisle and closing the galley curtain, he looks at me and he says, don't touch anything. Oh. So I'm just standing there and there's all these passengers trying to get to the lab, trying to use the restaurant.


I don't wanna tell them that I'm covered in this man's poop. You know, I don't wanna embarrass this man. And I know I smell The whole plane's probably starting to smell. Of course. Yeah. And so the guy gets cleaned up and he goes back to his seat and the doctor calls me back and he's like, are you comfortable with me helping you get cleaned up? And I'm like, please, I would let anyone help me get cleaned up at this point. So we closed the curtain and he's like, do you have a change of clothes? I'm a brand new flight attendant on this day trip. So I had just brought a tote bag. Now I will never ever go anywhere without at least two changes of clothing. And that's just like a good rule of thumb, you know, delays and reroute, things can happen here. I was so naive, never thinking I was gonna get pooped on that day.


So I had nothing. I just had my uniform. Luckily we wear flats on the airplane and we wear high heels in the concourse. So we have our onboard shoes and our concourse shoes. And so I had my concourse shoes. So I take off the flats, we throw those away, I put on my heels, I take off my pantyhose, and this guy looks at me and he is like, get all the vodka you can find. So I'm going in all the cards and pulling out the mini bottles of vodka and he just starts pouring vodka down my hands, down my arms. Oh, good for him. For scrubbing my legs. Like my skin is raw. Is this all running on the floor? Yeah. You guys are just like, fuck it, we gotta make a mess back here. Oh Yeah. I mean at that point we're grateful to have the vodka that's running onto the poop because it's like all in the same space, you know, like the puddle of diarrhea.


And the doctor had so graciously tried to clean that up. This wasn't his first time getting pooped on probably. Right, right. At one point we hit turbulence in the middle of this and it was pretty moderate. And I'm looking at this guy, I'm new and so I keep thinking, oh no I'm gonna get in trouble. The seatbelt sign is on and this guy's out of his seat and he actually told me he used to be a flight doctor. Like his job had been on helicopters transporting patients after car accidents and stuff. So he was like, this is nothing. I am always in turbulence. He got me all cleaned up. But this whole thing had happened like at the first 20 minutes of the flight as it was happening. Like I had been kneeling in it, so like it was on my hands and I had gotten an orange juice and I had gotten picked out like the whole galley.


I had touched with my poop hands at one point he was like, can he have some pretzels? Oh, I dunno. What car, what bin? My poop hands have touched everything. Oh my god. And so I'm like trying to explain to the flight attendants why there's no possible way we can do a service. And when he had first fallen out, like we still had carts out, we had like pushed those back in. And then we had passengers who are like mad at us 'cause we're not gonna make a PA like hey, someone cooked all over. Yeah. Our supplies for today. Yeah. Yeah. So we borrowed water from the front. I didn't, I was disgusting. Yeah. I was never in poop and so I had to go into hiding. So we had been keeping the captain up to date on all of this the whole time.


And when we landed back to base, I'm the last one to get off 'cause I'm like in the back alley and I'd waited for everybody. Even as I'm getting off like the flight attendants, they're all like keeping their distance, which is the worst feeling. And I turn the corner to the jet bridge and there's a man standing there in a full hazmat suit. He's there to escort me through customs. Yeah. Because I'm a biohazard, I'm covered in poop. Oh. And so they have to take me through a special line. It was an out-of-body experience. I don't even remember. How Long is the flight from Cancun to Atlanta? Two hours. Two hours, okay. It must have smelled terrible. What, what did, what did the other flight attends doing to mitigate the smell?


They didn't wanna be involved in it. I don't blame them, but we have kits because people vomit on airplanes. That part does happen frequently. So we do have ways to clean it up. And we do have supplies for that. We had been able to Clorox it and all that. It was mostly me. Like I was the only one who hadn't been cleaned. Oh. Just my dress covered in poop. It's also kind of comforting to know that there's a team on the ground ready to respond to a duty like that. There's already people with hazmats. Oh yeah. What's the turnaround on cleaning up that plane? Like they gotta take it outta commission for a minute. They Have like a team that will come in when something like that happens in the full outfits. They did a very good job, But at some point you need to remove the walls and stuff. Yeah.


Like there needs to be a re refurbishing. Sometimes it's just a get the carpet rewr right on these. Yeah. Pull the carpet up, put new carpet down. You know, we just walk around like we're super civilized and then every now and then, you know like, well we're still animals. Animals and the whole system just goes haywire on us animals sometimes. Well and it's like people who walk to the lab without shoes on, you're just like, what are you thinking? Yeah. You know, like you don't even know. Have you ever seen any fistfights on board? No fistfights. I've seen someone get physical with a flight attendant who got arrested but that was on the ground, thank God. Wow. And then I had someone get arrested one time for threatening my life on his plane. Oh really? His timing was just bad. He just said it as he was getting up. There was already police meeting the flight for his behavior, like on board the flight the whole time.


And as he was walking off the plane, he happened to look at the captain and say like, you're lucky I didn't choke out your flight. So now I was gonna kill her. But the police were right there. Oh. And if you do it on the airplane, like had he said on the ard he would've been fine. But you can't threaten a crew member on onboard an aircraft. Ah. Is the main thing you're having to deal with this people intoxicated. Is that like the number one? A hundred percent. And Also people take like Ambien while they're flying and they get crazy. They take something, they're nervous, they don't realize, they mix it with maybe the amount they would normally drink and they don't realize flying is hard. You lose all of your control. You have to listen to these flight attendants and pilots and I get it, it's a complete loss of control. But that sometimes brings out the worst in people.


I'm impressed. You're a hero. How often out of like a hundred flights you identify someone before you take off as being way too hammered and kick them off a flight. Is that pretty regular or one in a hundred? One in a thousand. Not that regular. You know, there's a lot of like steps they get through to get to us. TSA should be like the first line of noticing and then if not, then the gate agent. And there's been times where like the gate agent comes. I had this happen like a month ago where the gate agent's like, hey this guy. I'm not sure It's always a guy. Probably mostly No, You'd be surprised The girls get wild too. Oh yeah. I always say it's such a good job because you just collect stories, not stress. Even if it's horrible in the moment. Like you never see those people again. Even if you don't like the flight attendant you're working with, you never have to fly with them again.


Like we don't fly with the same people. You just kind of collect these crazy stories and occasionally you get pooped on. I've been talked to, I was on a flight where I was like, I had gotten up and I was talking to someone else and I was pretty tipsy and they said like, you gotta sit down, you're starting to make people nervous. And I was like, oh the tone. Like I was drunk but I was like, oh, this is the tone right before you get thrown off a Flight. Did you get defensive or did you No, no. I cooperated. Oh good. I knew it was. Oh, I'm like, oh wow. They're talking to me like I've seen them talk to people. Right, right, right. Oh yeah. It's hard to navigate too. You just don't know what people's limits are, how they're gonna act or respond. Wow. I'm putting you up in the category of nurses. Yeah, nurses. I'm regularly like watching our last dust up was me like getting kind of protective over a flight attendant and the guy was acting like he didn't know what dark chicken was and all that.


I was, I know. Oh lay off. He was just being a little rude. I remember you telling that story and I was so proud of you. I was like, yes. Well There's also so much time that we don't have a say in the things they're mad at us about. I can't control that they've asked me to do these things or that the weather's bad People that will yell at you because we're like not taking off because of weather. I don't wanna take off in bad weather. Exactly. Yeah. You're like, I'm a person too. He was a bad person probably like he was not nice. But it would've been way worse to have a huge altercation in the middle of the first class. Yeah. Cabin for her too. It would've been worse. I wanna add a theme to this story, which was also don't judge a book by its cover.


When I heard about the guy with the sombrero, I'm like, this guy's a Turkey who fucking wears a hat too big and everyone has to worry about owing it for him. And then he is the hero I know. And he was my hero and he was so nice And he had his shoes off because I often look at someone taking their shoes off. I'm like, you can't keep those on for another hour. Yeah. He was having a good flight. He had had a good time at Cancun I'm sure. Oh yeah. Sounds like he deserved it. Oh Jamie, that was great. Yeah. I'm so grateful to be here. I have to say my sister, the first time she listens to your podcast, like the very first one, she called me immediately after and she was like, you have to listen to this podcast. Zach's interview Kristen. And it's so good. And so we've been listening since day one because of my job.


I'm always like in a different place and with different people and I swear I was an armchair ambassador at the beginning. I'd be like any crew, any jumpsuit I was in like, have you guys heard of this podcast? It's called Armchair Experts. It's really great. And it's been really cool because now you're on our in-flight entertainment. I was on a flight the other day and you guys are there and I just thought, oh my gosh, like this is so full circle. I have loved you guys from the beginning and so I'm really proud of you guys and proud to like be a part of that experience. Oh, thank you. Keep proselytizing. Urge people to check it out. I've seen it on a flight and it makes me really, really proud. I'm Like, yeah, you guys should listen to that one. Oh well Jamie, what a pleasure getting to meet you. We appreciate you and great story. Thank you so much.


Thank You guys. Have a great day. Bye all. Take care. Oh wow. A lot of stuff happens up in those friendly skies. Sure does. God, when you poop yourself up there, that's the worst. I feel bad for him. I'm lucky that didn't happen to me on that flight home from Qatar or rather Kuwait that I didn't fall out of the bathroom 'cause I was bending over and sitting down and bending over and sitting down. I could've easily awful, awful. I was passing gas and I think more came. Oh, that's sad. Poor gosh. Sad. And it makes it worse that he's in his sixties I think. I know. And there's like pretty young girl sitting in your diarrhea, your harness. Oh, if you're in your twenties, you're like, I'm sorry I'm a mess. But yeah, sixties, you're supposed to have your shit together.


Figuratively and literally. Alright, well That was a good, that was a good time. Yeah. I love you. Love you. Do you wanna sing a tune or something? When it was a theme song. Oh, Okay, great. We don't have a song for this new show. So here I go, go, go. We're gonna ask some random questions with the get some suggestions on the fly on.