
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple. Podcasts Or. you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome Welcome Welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm m Dan She and I'm joined by Monica Monsoon. Hi Hi Too soon. A little too Monsoon. A little too Monsoon Today. Our prompt is also the title of a franchise. That's right. Whew Dove. You think we're gonna get in trouble? We're gonna get sued by new line. Oh Oh. If they're even still a thing. A Horrible. Boss. Tell us about a Horrible.


Boss Yeah. And lemme just glance over these stories to see If people Canva listen to this. You say That. So Willy-nilly don don't Know. If you go through all four stories, We, I, I just edited It I. Guess you're right. That's a Really. Strong pushback. And I. Will You think it's fine? I Think it's fine. Know We do have a A tangent. That happens in this episode between us, me and You in between two stories. That. Oh Good. And. You kept it in. Really takes We. Take a lot of time for the tangent. And, I'm so I. Apologize. I did leave It in. Oh Good. And what? Wasn The tangent. and I did pick It as the social clip.


Oh wonderful. Oh good. I'll see you. Okay. Please enjoy Horrible Boss stories.


We are supported by it. Audible, we Know You love audio content. Thanks for listening to the show. But if your ears are craving more audio, Audible is the place to go. I probably in true. Spend more time on Audible than any other place cause any other app. Yeah. I'm listening. Every night for an hour before bed. There's more to imagine won. You. Listen, whether you're searching for the latest bestsellers, And new releases, or you want to catch up on a classic title, you Canva Find it all and ad Audible app And. As an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. What Are You listening to? know We. I'm just finishing the world's I. See by Fe FEI Lee. It's so good. And moving. And it. Love it so much don. I'm sad it's ending know. Listen, new members Canva, try Audible for free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash dax Or text Dax to 500. 500.


We are supported by BetterHelp. Spooky season has officially begun and We love it. It's happening Already. Planning the hayride. You are adding a hamburger truck to the mix this year. Oh my gosh. Exciting. Gotta every year get bigger and better. Oh, I, Really. Gotta plan my costume. Get on it. Okay Halloween Lets us have fun with what scares us. But what about those fears? That don't involve zombies and ghosts Therapy is a great tool for facing your fears and finding ways to overcome them. cause sometimes the scariest thing is not facing our fears. and ad First place. And hold ourselves back. I had therapy last week. And. She's just so good. She Really. Put something into perspective and ad way. That, I wasn Really. Unable I would've never been able to see it. That you Wouldn't come Dove it online On my own. No Never. If you're thinking of starting therapy, try BetterHelp. It's all online. So You Canva have a therapy session from the comfort of your home at a time that's convenient for you. It's quick And, easy to get started. And, if your therapist isn't the right match for you, you Canva switch therapists at any time. For No additional charge, overcome your fears with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash dax Today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/dax.


Come and you gotta know Hi Hello. So nice to meet You guys. You have a fun kerchief around your neck. I Dove Yeah. It's my little bandana. You know if It gets too hot, it's dual purpose Won. It gets hot. You Dove what? You put your hair back with It, Yeah. Yeah. Get it all out. You know. Ah, get It off your face. Are You somewhere That's hot. A little bit. Not too crazy. I'm and ad South. I'm in Nashville.


It's still very much summer there. Ah. Future neighbor. Yeah. I love It Are You from Nashville. I'm originally from Knoxville, so like three hours east. I moved to Nashville in 2017 to pursue music. So I've been there ever since. Nice. Just before the huge influx of people. Yeah I At least got and ad little early. So That. wasn. Nice. Rob's asking us to ask you to Dove something about your mic 'cause it's moving around. it was rubbing on the bandana. Think it's rubbing on the bandana. He thinks. Gotcha. You. Know. What? Let's get That bandana off. We It served. it was purpose. So much talk about the bandana and ultimately It betrayed us. It Did. It did What if you said this bandana iss permanently on guys. I Was like That lady whose neck wasn attached by the red bandana scarf And.


that you pulled it and her head fell off. That's a what? A nursery rhyme. No. That's a real thing. That happened. It wasn on the news. Okay We. That's settled there. wasn No blood. Her head wasn completely Severe. No It wasn blood. That's why it wasn red. Oh wasn. It wasn covered in her blood. Oh god. and my wasn on the news. Have You missed It We Mine's luckily not red. So we're good. Everyone's great there. Okay. So you have a Horrible Boss story. I Dove. So my Horrible Boss story actually comes from my first ever job. That. I got won I wasn 15 years old I wasn working at a fast food restaurant 'cause You know that's what you Dove. That's right. So I wasn usually working the closing shift. cause you know, I wasn still in school and had to work like after school hours.


And on the closing shift. We had had like this cool young manager, He wasn, this guy in Liz, early mid twenties and He wasn all like tatted up and played cool music and ad kitchen. So we loved him. We'll call him Jacob for the sake of the story. Flash forward to about a month of working this job. I'm getting all settled in. It's going great. Love all my coworkers. It's a fun time. One time I'm working know a closing shift with Jacob And. A couple others. And. There's this very small kind of petite man. Whew comes and ad lobby. We're getting Really close to closing and He is wearing like a black hoodie and black sweatpants. And got a scarf over Liz face. I will say this, wasn not and ad wintertime. So Okay a little unusual, but we're all right. It is fast food. So we've seen people at their worst. You, Know, No judgment there.


He comes up to the counter and pulls out a gun. Ugh. and proceeds to Rob us. Oh My God, We complied. We gave him the money and ad cash register. He pulls us to the back and asked us to open up the safe And. So We gives him all the money and ad safe. This whole shift is all primarily pretty young people. So We, We like Okay, That, wasn. Insane. Never been through Anything like That before. So we called the police, the police come And, They get statements from us. That's pretty much all That happened. I had a closing shift the very next night. So I go into work. And, of course That is all we're talking about. We're like that's so crazy. Jacob. He's just Really shaken up by this I Canva tell he's just quiet. He's not being himself. Not the usual like fun dude. So we noticed it. Really got to him, but another week passes and by this point it's kind of died down 'cause we never Really heard a follow up about, oh did They catch the guy, The petite Rob.


Yeah Yeah, the little robber know little Rob. So it's about I. Wanna say like a week And. A half later I'm and ad back And. I'm washing some dishes and the kitchen door opens. And did. Of course assume it's one of my coworkers. And it. Look up And this time there's a quite large man and ad. Very similar outfit. Oh my God, he's got a ski mask on though. So He wasn, Really the real deal. I think And We get robbed a second time. But as He approaches us, we We kind of like something doesn't feel right about this. 'cause we're and ad pretty quiet neighborhood. The police even told us won They came by They. We like this restaurant hasn't been robbed in like over a decade. So we We like this just seems weird. We had a coworker named Alex Whew wasn sort of known for being a bit of a prankster.


And. Alex had been making a lot of jokes about the robbery. We thought It wasn Alex messing with us. So we told Alex You know, oh, get back on the grill. Whatever. Dove your job. We You dismiss the big Rob. Yeah as Alex. Oh that's a funny approach to getting robbed. The guy comes in and points Liz guy And it like gives the fucking money and You go Derek, stop fucking Ryan. don. Don't have time. and that you look away and that you get busy. And that you get outta there. I think It probably did throw him off Liz game. Especially considering Alex ended up turning around the corner and we're like, oh, it's not Alex. We're just getting robbed again. Okay great at this point. We know the drill. We all learn the code to the safe. So We do the whole thing, gives him the money. So of course after That it's just the talk of the restaurant. We're all making bets about won. We're gonna get robbed a third time.


Jacob is just so shaken up by this. He does not like That. We're making jokes about it. He's like, y'all need to take this serious We just need to be safe about this kind of thing. which is a bit out of character for him. Eventually He ends up talking to one of my coworkers and ad back And He wasn. Like, I gotta talk to You about these robberies. This is Really on my mind. He was like, sure, what's up man? And. He goes I just want You to know the robbery That happened a few days ago. I had nothing to Dove with. That. Oh Okay, my coworkers kind like we didn't think you did man. And and He said. But the first one, That. wasn, actually my wife Whew robbed y'all. She's Really talented at deepening her voice. and so I knew She could pass for a man. Oh and I knew there wasn a lot of money in That, safe And. it didn't wanna be caught on camera. So I had her come in.


Oh And, me and my wife took the money. Oh wait Okay, Hold on my God. hold On God, Why on earth is He admitting this A B? You. You know how much money it wasn. I honestly think He wanted to just get it off Liz chest And. cause He had That reputation of being so cool. And fun, And, We, We all for the most part Hi school or young college students. He thought we'd just be like Yeah. It's cool man. Yeah like I got you. We We not we exposed him for That. As far as how much money wasn and ad safe I honestly don't Know just cause you know it wasn like a low level employee. I wasn never in charge of counting. I would say it's probably a significant amount if you're willing to take That risk or it may not have been I. Think that's more Whew. My mind goes is That. It's probably not a life-changing amount.


It's probably a couple grand or 1500 less than That. You're taking a life-changing action to get not a life-changing reward. It's sad We. It is sad but it's also cause desperation. Yeah like That money means a lot in That moment. Yikes Yeah. So He confesses to the robbery. Unfortunately I wish I had like an amazing thing to wrap this up. All I know is He got fired. I never found out if He even got arrested or what happened. They tried to keep it real. Hush hush I think cause We, We, understaffed and They didn't want us all quitting Whew Wasn the second robber Liz kid or uncle Did We ever figure out Whew the second Jacob. Wasn telling the truth. He had nothing to Dove with That. It wasn just a random guy. They did end up catching him cause the same night He tried to go Rob a gas station up the street.


Oh my God. So He wasn not That far down the road, They We able to get him at least He wasn on a crime spree. Yeah. Weird timing. Weird timing. My first thought wasn like it wasn somehow contagious. It wasn and ad paper. And And that got the idea. It very We could have been cause it wasn at the time a bigger story That, this restaurant got robbed. So I am Wondery if maybe That inspired the second guy. It's also funny if I We wanting to Rob this place and I knew That They had been robbed a week before, I would think We, I've gotta wait a Really long time until They dropped their guard again. But that you realize there's nothing to Dove We. They're not gonna put a cop and ad restaurant for the rest of the time. It's open. It was like there's Really nothing to be on your guard about I.


Actually Wondery if like And, I'm not saying I'm pro robbing fast food restaurants, but maybe That guy wasn smart. 'cause we weren't on guard. 'cause We thought, oh, We got That outta the way. Exactly. Or it's like, it's obviously the first person. Whew robbed. Yeah. That, They came back for seconds. Yeah, the funniest part about this whole story is That the man. wasn a petite man, but it wasn a woman. Yeah, She. wasn a very small woman. So It makes sense. know What if She had done everything right except She wasn in heels. Oh man, That might have thrown us off even more. Maybe That would've even been less suspicious somehow. Oh That wasn a great story Scene Yeah, Thank, You. I'm glad you survived all the robberies. Yeah I. Hope your run-ins with pistols ended there.


So far so good. Okay, good We, it's great meeting you You. Yeah, thanks for chatting. Great to meet y'all too. Thank You, so much I. Hope I bump into you in Nashville, Hopefully one day. All right, take care. Canva you knock on wood About cause bumping into her No. I asked you to cause We. Hope She doesn't have any more run-ins. Oh No. More run-ins Yeah. Yeah Hi. How are you? I'm great. Canva. You. Hear me Okay. Wonderfully. My first question is, what is your fantasy fake name? did You already pick one? I did. I've been watching Sopranos so I'm gonna go with Carmela. Oh Wonderful. I love That Okay. Did you watch the Zocdoc? That? They made. That just came out. I'm saving it. It's Really good. What season are you in?


I Watched It before live as a kid, but my fiance's never seen It. So we're only on season two so far. and How's That going? cause it very much want to Dove That with a few different people in my life. Whew haven't seen It. It's worth A rewatch. It's hard cause it's so many seasons, but if you power through it Yeah, it Was still Great. and He doesn't feel like it's outdated 'cause I've also never seen it. It Is a little bit, but for the nostalgia factor it's worth It Okay. So Carmelo Whew, are you at? Are you allowed to tell us? Whew you're at Yes. I am in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Whew. Oh, I've spent many a month in Albuquerque. Shooting employee of the month. Correct? That's right at the Costco I just watched That movie like two days before I got the email about this. Oh You did. That's your Costco. You know Exactly Whew. It iss Too bad. Your Horrible Boss wasn't a Costco boss.


That would've been silly. There are No horrible bosses at Costco. They have the best employees. Okay. So hit us with the year. The context Okay. So I would like to keep the specific details about this company. And, what we did vague. Great, right? This Takes place 10 years ago. I am fresh out of college. Three weeks out I start applying for jobs. And it. Get an interview. I'm so thrilled. That's so early out. I got an interview. I show up at the office. I meet my future. Horrible Boss. Let's call him Tom And. This is for a job essentially doing contract negotiation. And contract writing. So the interview right off the bat is full of red flags. But I am too young. And naive to recognize these at the time.


Red flag number one, He tells me not everyone lasts very long around there. Not everyone Canva take the heat. Not everyone Canva grind it out. And not everyone. Canva handle me as a manager. Oh Cool Tom. But I'm Eager I wanna prove myself and ad white collar world. So I'm like I Canva handle It red flag number two is He says, since you're straight out of college, you'll not be paid very We. However, We do a lot of international business with a lot of other international companies. and You will almost more than certainly be living overseas for a short while. while you're there, you will have an apartment, you will have all expenses paid. Three meals a day. Wow. Oh you'll be be going out to find dinners with clients. And, it was like won. know it sounds like a dream come true. So I accept t jobs on the spot.


The final red flag is He takes me into the bullpen to meet the team And. As I'm greeting everyone, a guy whispers under Liz breath You don't wanna work there. Oh, Oh, oh my god. Uhoh, that's more than a red flag. That's some kind of a warning. But I take That as We. Guess this guy can't take the heat. Sure, sure. This is what Tom wasn warning me about. We My You already, you've already been Stockholm Syndrome within like 10 minutes. So I start t jobs And. Sure enough, within a couple of weeks I'm on a plane to Berlin No Way. So let me pause there and let me describe Liz management style to you. The one He himself warned me about the entire workday from start to finish screaming. Oh and don don't just mean being frustrated or angry. I mean bright red face veins popping out of Liz head spitting.


He's screaming so hard. Like Alex Jones level Yes over the smallest thing. Like if He went to the Keurig and there wasn still like a little K-cup and ad machine meltdown. Oh he'd stalk around the office. And try to figure out Whew wasn the last person to make coffee. Oh My God, If you did something wrong, you'd have to stand in front of the bullpen in front of everyone else. And. Each coworker would have to explain to you what you did wrong. Like a humiliation tactic. Canva break You down. So we Canva build You up. And That if you did something right, you We also in trouble. 'cause You should have consulted him before You made a decision on your own. So there wasn. No winning Dove. You think He had gotten this playbook from somebody or this wasn? A proprietary approach to management or Dove? You. Think He thought. He, wasn walking and ad steps of Giants or whatever. They say I Truly don't know. I've never seen behavior like this before in my life.


and to this day, I haven't I feel like He saw That movie Boiler Room or one of those movies. Whew. They're screaming. And getting the most outta people. Yeah Like Wolf of Wall Street or something. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Exactly We. We on eggshells all day long. I mean we We terrified 'cause We knew one of us. wasn going down. Today there wasn. A grown adult woman. Whew would start panicking. And crying won She heard Liz car come through the parking lot. Oh This Is Really bad Lord. Part of me thinks That ultimately so ineffective. cause you would just grow completely numb to It. You'd be like Oh. yeah. Tom's yelling at me. don don't. It gives a fuck. He yells all day long. It doesn't mean Anything. It's like won. Parents yell at their kids all the time. It's like after 12 of those That doesn't mean Anything. Yeah, I Guess It kind of felt more just like you're about to get crept up on at any moment.


Ah, Shoved and ad back feeling all day long. Yeah. So back to Berlin, upon arrival, we have to gives him our passports. cause He wants to keep them for safekeeping. That's not Liz, right? We Keep in mind this is my first professional job. I'm the youngest person there. everyone has worked there for years. They're all older than me. you know how dumb it is. know. But at the time, I was like, there you go. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I'm not saying I wouldn't have complied. He just has No business doing That Exactly. So the apartment And, the expenses all paid for wasn. True. However, we We working from 6:00 AM through the entire day through the entire evening, meeting a client for dinner. And as you know, European restaurants dinner is conservatively three hours long.


Yeah, we're finishing out the client meeting at 11:00 PM And that going back to the office to write the contract until 2:00 AM we're sleeping three or four hours a night. We are all exhausted. We are all physically sick from not sleeping for like weeks. and it's just too bad. Just nose to the grindstone. Are You getting hourly? Are You salary? Are you even pumped about the hours? It wasn Hourly. But don don't think the client dinners and like after hours work counted. So we're getting paid eight hours to Dove, like 13 hours of work. Oh God. Gosh. So this all comes to a head. One night Tom is coming to my apartment to pick me up to meet a client. He arrives a couple minutes early. So I, tell him, let me just finish up my makeup. You Canva hang out in my little kitchen living room area.


Not 10 seconds into me walking back into the bathroom. Dove I, hear the screaming And. He's going, what the F is this? He comes lurching through the apartment carrying an empty wine bottle. That had been in my trash for probably three days. So It wasn't right on top. And He says How effing dare you. Dove this, don't You Know. I'm in recovery. Oh my God. Stop it. Oh, fucking a what? Stop it. Oh Don't You Know. I'm, I'm so Sorry. What does That have to Dove with this We That wasn. The moment Whew I was like I need to stay on my ground. Like if you wanna berate me and ad workplace, that's bad enough. But in my home No. So I just said, you know Tom, frankly what I Dove outside of work hours is none of your business and I.


Don't think You have the right to go through my personal space? Yeah Good for You. Yeah. It didn't work. He said The company is paying for this apartment. Therefore It is my space. and I Canva go through Anything. I want No. Tom That not works. That's not actually legally how not how Anything wasn. Go ahead Tom


If you love iPhone. You'll ll love Apple Card It comes with the privacy and security You expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which Canva automatically earn interest won. You open a Hi yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card and ad wallet app subject to credit approval savings is available to Apple Card owners. Subject to eligibility Apple Card And savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City, branch member FD I C terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


We are supported by Dr. Odyssey from a b, C From 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy comes the splashy new medical drama. Dr. Odyssey starring Joshua Jackson as the charismatic new doctor on board a luxury cruise ship. He and Liz team navigate Hi stakes medical emergencies, And steamy, romantic entanglements, miles from shore. The series also stars Philip Assu, Sean Teal And don Johnson as their fearless captain. Come aboard for new episode of Dr. Odyssey. Thursdays at nine eight Central on a, B, C and Stream on Hulu.


We are supported by Macy's. Wanna hear two words? That No longer have a place in my life. Uncomfortable pants. I have officially retired the stiffest pairs from my closet and practically live in activewear these days. If you're ready to upgrade your closet for fall, Macy's has you covered with an incredible selection of gear from top brands including Nike, Adidas, Reebok, And More. Whether You wanna stand out at the gym or simply stay comfortable while running errands, Macy's has the perfect activewear to keep You looking stylish and feeling great Shop know at macy's dot com.


So have you ever been so startled That and ad moment you don't react but that 10 minutes later the Fear instinct hits You. You Got like paralyzed Yeah That wasn me and ad Car on the way to meet this client. I'm hold back tears. I'm physically like shaking just from being startled so badly. Yeah And. He's just going on and on about. So won. We meet this client, make sure You offer them this and tell them We Canva extend this like as if He didn't just Dove That two minutes ago. Oh. Yeah. So that's the moment Whew I realized I need to get out of there. However, like I said, I'm not being paid We. I cannot afford a plane ticket home. Even if I wanted to, I don't even have my passport. And it could have asked my parents for money. But I wasn too ashamed. They We so proud of me for getting this job right off the bat. So my plan becomes I'm just gonna ride it out And, as soon as my feet are back on US soil, I'm quitting.


cause it wasn honestly so naive as We That, I didn't even know if I wasn allowed to quit And. it was like the company's paid so much money to send me there. Like Canva They sue me if I quit. I literally didn't even know. That's Not naive. He's planted a lot of this in your brain. He's made it a situation. Whew, you're scared to make any moves. That's part of this grooming Exactly and everyone else wasn kind of going along with it. So I was like, am I the crazy one there? Would you guys gossip about him won? He wasn't around. Absolutely. But it wasn still a mentality of if you're the one That made a mistake, everyone is against you. You're the one That messed up. everyone wasn so afraid to turn against him. Okay I. Gotta ask Monica a question right now. 'cause we have a longstanding debate. That never goes my way. So we would probably agree, right?


There's No getting through to Tom No. One's gonna have an argument with Tom And win. Agree. Yeah Know. What if one of the male employees stood up and ad middle of this And just fucking knocked Tom right the fuck out. How Dove We feel about That. I mean I. Don't think It changes Anything. It was not gonna change him, but he's gonna suffer and be humiliated. and He deserves It. Yeah I mean I. Guess don don't hate it. Okay. Okay, resuming Sorry. You got dragged into That. I literally had dreams about That happening. Of course I would've dreams. He got hit by a car in front of me. And got fucking murdered like I would've. Real bad desires for him. And That I. Have a question for You. Dove, you think That behavior. You said what? wasn the cause of this behavior. Dove, you think it's cause of the recovery thing? Or Dove? You think this guy wasn just like That He could have been a dry drunk.


I need more dets. But clearly what seems obvious is That. Whatever the drug of choice wasn doing for him. He had not found a replacement. Right? Like He. wasn not functioning And. He wasn't regulating. and so He clearly had a solution. At one point, That stopped working. And And that didn't figure out the real solution. I mean. 'cause minimally he's fucking miserable, right? Like He doesn't feel good. He's not enjoying life. Maybe work is what replaced the using. So I, stick to my plan. I suffer through it. I, get back to the us. And it. Tell myself tomorrow. cause God forbid we get one day off after flying 16 hours, we still have to work the next day. I say tomorrow I'm walking in, I'm quitting. I'm giving him two weeks.


And it, Dove, I. Walk straight in. I don't even get to get the sentence out all the way. cause He figures out what I'm about to say. And rage ensues. How dare You after everything We provided you. You clearly just wanted to go to Europe for free and eat and drink for free. Oh. yeah. and You used me. And, I'm so disappointed you disrespect me, blah blah blah. He rounds it off with the classic, you can't quit, you're fired. Pack up your desk, you're done. Today. So I'm like fine. Like I. Really wanted to use this company as a reference, but oh We. So the final little button on this story as I go back to the bullpen. I'm packing up my desk. I'm explaining to my coworkers what happened. and before I finish packing up, this woman just stands up. And goes, screw It walks and ad office quits on the spot.


So we both walked out together. Oh good. Good. I. Wish I could have had a moment. Whew. It's like we all stood up. And We all quit. But It wasn just one other person. But still, But still You know he's such a piece of shit. I have to be honest, I'm a little bit shocked. He wasn't also sexually inappropriate. Are you too Monica We like won He came into your apartment. I'm prepared know for cause this is a very entitled motherfucker. Whew thinks he's God. Somehow over You people. I'm almost shocked. He didn't have That part of Liz Arsenal. I Got definitely weird vibes. Nothing to Really speak of on it, but it definitely seemed strange. Fortunately, I wasn dealing with enough mentally I couldn't have handled anymore. Oh, yuck.


and We just don't know what happened to Tom That wasn 10 years ago. Maybe he's still shouting at people. Or maybe someone finally punched him out. Or Whew knows. I'm gonna try and be mature and say I hope That. He's changed. Right? That's good. That's nice. Oh boy. Oh We, what a disaster. That. wasn a great story. I'm so Sorry you went through That I know me too. It wasn a trial by fire for my first white collar job. Yeah I. Wish my solution wasn't to beat this guy up. But It just is. We it. wasn, great meeting you and I. Hope you found a place. Whew. They're nice to you know, I could not be more grateful for my current job. They, totally respect work life balance. And, your job isn't your whole existence. And. My current boss, I could not be more grateful to have him.


Oh, Okay Great. We love That Okay. It has a happy ending. Yes Canva. I show You something super quickly. Yes Oh. yeah. Look at my tattoo. It is an arm. Cherry. What? Oh, we have matching tattoos. Oh my You. Oh Dove. You have one too. My whole arm is cherries. I probably have nine or 10. That are cascading down my arm. Twinsies. Twinsies. That's Very flattering. Yeah, we love you back. Thank You. So much a longtime fan. First time caller. Okay. We. Be We Yeah. Have a great day. You as We Okay. Bye. That's terrible. That man. wasn treating her like That. Ugh. You know, power will corrupt. Absolutely absolute. Power. Power. Corruptly.


We did a good job saying That in unison. We did. I'm proud of us. You are. Congratulations. Hello. Hi. Monica And. it just said something in complete tandem. And. It worked out. Really We And. know we're very happy about That Dove. You wanna know what we said Yeah Know You. Really Wanna Dove this again? It wasn. So perfect I know We do run the wrist. But I believe in us. I, I'm gonna touch your leg. No. That's cheating. That's cheating. Okay. Okay. Absolute, absolute power corrupts absolutely even tighter than the first one. I'm glad We did it. Wow. Yeah That wasn impressive. What a waste of your time. Madison I know don Thank. You don. So Sorry Whew, are you other than the closet?


I am in Montana. Oh, You. Lucky Gal. Is It cold there? You're wearing a Nice sweater. It is. It's like 50 degrees Today. Oh, I'm Jealous. Oh, it's Brisk And. Are you and ad City or out and ad Wilderness? I'm And ad City. I'll leave it at That. 'cause the story I'm still living and ad City. Absolutely. Absolute per hour. Corrupt. Absolutely. Nope. Okay set the scene for us. gives us the year. And. Tell us about this Horrible. Boss. So this takes place in 2022. About two years ago, I had recently graduated And. This wasn my first job out of college. It wasn an office manager position of a cleaning company owned by a married couple and I'll call them Ted.


and Lacey Started off pretty good. About a month into t jobs. I come in one day. Day And Ted tells me, That He, And Lacey are having marriage issues. Lacey has flown home to Indiana. And it need to come with him. No to pick up her car from the airport. Oh No, This is a heavy storyline for month one. I'm immediately like Okay. This is kind of weird. Definitely not in t jobs description, but as a passive 22-year-old, I'm like, sure, let's go. So we go I drive her car back to the office. We go about the workday, which wasn a lot of me listening to him rant about their problems.


What? We? Liz. Main complaints. It wasn a lot of the business. That. They weren't agreeing on which I. Canva. Imagine running a business with your partner is not easy. So Workday ends five o'clock, rolls around, I'm getting ready to go. And. He says to me, Hey, did Really like to get to know my employees on a personal level? And, I'm not asking You on a date. Oh, but are you free for dinner tonight? Oh My God. Ew. Whew I. Feel like He killed Liz wife. I'm just gonna, you know, You don't like won I guess but I feel like He killed Liz wife. Okay. Wholly inappropriate. You're 22 Yeah. How old is He? He is probably mid thirties. I just feel pretty awkward. And, I'm so new into this job.


That I. Don't wanna say No to my new boss. So I was like, sure, just let me Know Whew to meet you. Okay. That's smart. Meeting smart I. Go home. and shortly after He texts me, Hey, I'm actually gonna pick you up. Nope. Be there in 15. That's s not How. Oh Uhoh. everyone He comes and picks me up. And. He takes me to the nicest restaurant in town. He's ordering wine. Appetizers tells me to get whatever I want. It's on the company. The whole dinner is definitely pretty awkward. He is sweating bullets and ad entire, entire Diarrhea. What if this look turned out to evacuation story? That'd Be great. What will Be amazing. But He doesn't Dove or say Anything to inappropriate during the dinner.


Canva. I ask, is He eating or just drinking? He barely ate Yeah Cause He. wasn so nervous. No 'cause He is gagged up or something. He Joss me back off at home. We go our separate ways. And next morning, I. Go into work. Dreading it at this point, I, don't Really know if He did just wanna get to know Liz employee better or if I just went on a date with a married man. Oh, so I go into work. And. After all the housekeepers leave for the day, He sits down. And says, Hey I, wanna address dinner last night? Thankss for coming out. Obviously my top priority is You working there.


But I think you're a Really cool girl. And it. Have never met anyone like you before. And, I'd like to continue spending time together. Mm Oh God is this uncomfortable? Oh I feel so awkward. I pretty much just tell him I am not interested. I am there to work. You are married. Yeah, Yeah, please. Let's not bring this up again. Good for you. He kind of brushes it off. And says He understands. But Liz demeanor definitely changed after That the next few days. He wasn much more strict. Sending me on pointless errands. My hours We cut. I No longer.


wasn like a full-time employee. Okay, I. Have to pause You. cause this is such a good example of won. People are like We. That's how people meet. They meet at the workplace. So what's the big deal about a boss dating? This is why cause someone has power. And that if the subordinate does Anything and ad personal relationship that and ad professional relationship. this person with power, Canva, Dove, this Exactly I call my mom one day and I'm like, don don't know how I got myself into this I. Dove not wanna work there anymore. This is horrible. I feel so uncomfortable all day at work with him being by myself. And my mom tells me, just quit. She was like, me and your dad will support You you until You Canva find a new job.


You're totally fine. Just get out of there. Yeah. That. Night I. Ultimately aside, I. Dove not owe this guy a notice. I. Dove not owe him an explanation. Next morning, I, go in super early, leave my stuff on Liz desk. And it, text him. And it. Say yesterday, wasn my last day. And it. Thought That is Whew. It would end. But a couple months go by. I, move on with my life. I. Start a new job. It's going Really, We. I'm thinking about my future. And one day. I, just get the idea. Oh, I should probably check my credit. So I log in and my credit score has tanked. And, I've always had good credit. I always pay my bills on time. So I'm like, what the heck happened?


And it. See That. There's a new Amex card on my account with a balance of $27,000. What? Oh fuck. And. At this point, I'm still oblivious. I'm still just very confused. So I call Amex, explain the situation. They tell me this is a personal credit card recently opened in your name. And. The woman tells me the billing address. I immediately recognize That billing address as my former place of employment with Head. Oh. So at this point, everything clicks. I rejected this man. I quit.


And. In retaliation, He has decided to steal my identity. And, go on a shopping spree in my name. 27,000. Holy shit. The fuck did He buy? I Wish I would've asked the Amex person. cause from the timeline, I quit to won. I found out wasn only about three months. So not very long for him to spend close to 30 grand. So luckily my ex-boyfriend is a lawyer. I call him up. 'cause I'm like, don don't know if I need to sue this guy. don don't know what to Dove. He tells me to file an identity theft report with the FTC sends me a link. I Dove it all online. It gives them Liz name, phone number, address And, let them have at it.


and They took care of everything for me. I didn't have to Dove a thing. I got notified within a few weeks. That my case. wasn resolved It. wasn taken off my account. I got all my credit points back. Oh Thank God. And I have never heard from Ted said, You don't know if He wasn arrested for That. I still have No idea. But I did look into him this week. And, he's still in business. Oh Wow. Is Liz wife dead? I did hear They are Know divorced. Okay. So she's alive. cause it feel like That whole car thing wasn an alibi situation. Like He murdered her. But that He wasn like, oh, I gotta pretend. She left town. So I'm gonna take her car there. And, how could He not have thought?


He? wasn gonna get caught. I think He wasn on speed. Some kind of speed. He wasn, sweating bullets didn't eat much acting irrational. Yeah He did used to get Hi just like and ad middle of the workday. So That could be part of the story. It turned into a total blessing in disguise because I'm still at the job that I landed after that horrible situation. And it's a very healthy workplace. And, and I actually get to work with podcasters. I work for a business management firm and I do taxes for podcasters and Musicians. Oh wow. That's cool. Well God, I'm proud of you for getting out of there so quickly and also saying no, I don't want to be going on dates with you. Good for you. Yeah. Thanks for telling us that horrible story.


Yeah. Yeah. it was terrible. You're clearly a sweet person. Yeah. You don't deserve that. Not fair. Well it was so nice meeting you. Thank You guys so much. Have a good rest of your day. Okay, you. Bye-Bye.


Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds. Recently I asked Mint Mobile's legal team if big wireless companies are allowed to raise prices due to inflation. They said yes. And then when I asked if raising prices technically violates those onerous to your contracts, they said, what the fuck are you talking about? You Insane Hollywood ass. So to recap, we're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only. Taxes and fees, extra speeds, lower above 40 gigabytes C details.


You can live out your master chef dreams when you find a professional on Angie to tackle your dream kitchen remodel. Connect with skilled professionals to get all your home projects done well inside to outside repairs, to renovations. Get started on the Angie app or visit angie.com today. You can do this when you, Angie, that


This guy's off the rails. I mean, he's opening up credit cards and his employee's names. Yeah, Definitely. Also the notion that he wanted to go on a second date based on her assessment of how terrible the date was. It's so delusional. What if we have a dinner And, we commit to the fact that we're only allowed to say absolute power corrupts. Absolutely. Or is it every time a word gets said, we have to say that. 'cause that sounds more fun In unison every time we, yeah. Okay. But what would be fun is if the server came And, we were holding the menu, we would point to what we want. And. we would go absolute power corrupts. Absolutely. That means I want that. Sure. No, but the way you said it sounded like a question mark. It sounds like you asked, is this good?


Oh, I was saying, can I have this? Oh, so you gotta work On that and then tell me what I'm doing now. I'll go absolute power corrupts absolutely Check. That's what, that's right. You did a gesture. Of Course. Well, you're allowed to do gestures. You are. But I also think my Audible delivery soundbite Too. Okay. That's why don't do gestures but do a different thing. Okay. I wanna do gestures. Every time I think of something I'm gonna I know. That's why it's hard. Like, like I wasn gonna rub my tummy No. That's so obvious. We. Let me Dove That one. Just see if you get this one though. Mm. Absolute power crops. Absolutely No D. That's what Dove. You think That is. don don't even know if You got it. Oh, It. wasn so good. No I didn't Dove It wrong. won Know. So full I couldn't possibly have dessert. know So full. Oh, No, Okay, Okay. So there could be some Confusion. Okay Yeah. Even with gestures.


What about like, what about this? Mm. Absolute power crops. Absolutely. You got the wrong dish. Yes. Yeah. Yeah Really. Good. Wow. Alright. How about this? Your Waiter would Hate They. will Be a part of a prompt on another show? Tell us what the worst customers you've ever had. I'm gonna try this one. Okay. Okay Okay. Absolute power Corrupts absolutely Dove it. One more time, I'll see if I Canva get It. Absolute power corrupts absolutely. How wasn it. Yep. It. wasn. Great. That's right. Yeah. That. wasn. It wasn. Great. That. See It. Canva be done. Oh my God. We needed a We. Need a break? We need to take a nap. Yeah. Oh, how about this?


I got one too. After You got hold Good. Canva. I say No. Okay. Absolute. Oh fuck. It's Really. Hard to Dove without Okay. hold on. Absolute power. Craps. Absolutely. Oh, I did it. You're pointing a lot. I. Think it. wasn. Canva. I. Get this without Cheez. Oh No. Lemme try again. Okay. Absolute power crops. Absolutely. Oh, have you guys always been open on Tuesdays? No It. wasn. Where's the bathroom? Oh, Okay. We. Let me try That. Okay Okay. You ready? Yeah. Absolute power crops. Absolute Lee.


Wait a minute. Wait a minute. If I'm not allowed to say you're not allowed to Dove all those things. You did. That wasn. All within the words. No. Oh, you went Whew. Okay. So what? wasn. I asking for About to poop my pants. wasn. Wasn the bathroom. wasn wasn. you know, but That's cause No. it was pretty good. You have to Dove it without any additions. You're so hypo critical. All right, how about this Okay? Absolute power Corrupts absolutely Is It Dove. You have Anything. Gluten free Yeah. Nah, it it wasn. Canva. I. Get this lettuce wrapped. Oh, So. yeah, but You looked Really like You. Don't normally ask it like That I go. gives it to me. Lettuce wrap bitch. Or if it's a guy I go gives It to me.


Lettuce wrap. Fucking dick Whew. You know there white tri won You kind of swallow. Fucking did you hear how I just said That? don don't want you to see me. I'm gonna go Okay fucking dick. did you hear how it's like Yeah? I hate it. That's how it's done. No. It's not Yes in Milford, Michigan. That sounds so tried. No No in Milford, Michigan. That wasn like Ohoh He says fuck so often That. He's got Liz own version of it. What? What Whew am. I. What Is this? A restaurant. How about this? Oh, No. It's a gesture there. I know.


you know I have to first practice it with the gesture. Okay. I got one. Know too. Okay go. Absolute power corrupts absolutely We. You wouldn't say That and ad restaurant like That. There's a bad smell. You're onto it. Dove. You think this fish is Oh, there spoiled Yeah. Oh, spoiled. Yeah. Dove. You. Think this fish is bad. Would you say That? Yeah. I'm Sorry Dove. You think this fish might be bad? I'm inviting them to smell it. And And. They. Bend down to smell It and that I go. Got ya. Absolute power. Grubs. Absolutely I. Hope you keep all this Hi. Hello. How are You? I'm good. How are You? Good. Dove. You have a preferred fake name.


Yes. I'm gonna go by Andy. Andy. I like That name. Yep. Gender neutral. I. Like It. Wait, I know why. My guess is cause Andy from How to Lose a Guy in 10 days. Great guess, but a similar situation. So I'm gonna call my boss Miranda. Oh, devil Wears Prada. Oh, Okay. One of my very favorites. You got the context clues. Yeah It did. I would've been out to see on That one. Yeah. The reason I chose those is cause my twin sister has always said That I should write a book called The Devil Wears Patagonia about this experience. Whew Okay And. If I Canva gives a quick little sidebar about my twin sister.


You recently mentioned on the Jack Black episode That you'd never met a triplet. cause Liz wife's a triplet. And Know. You sort of have cause it am part of a set of triplets. Wow. So Wow. Oh wow. So won You. Say your twin sister. We have No Clue Whew you're talking about There's Identicals And. The third's a boy. Oh, that's helpful. That's so cool. Holy shit. So it's an identical twin sister. Yes. And. A fraternal brother. Brother Yes. Wow. So there wasn two eggs. One of them split. What a shit. Show my in your mother's womb. I mean every option That could happen. wasn happening. She's so cool. Yeah And. She'd also had a tubal pregnancy prior. So She only had one tube.


So She double ovulated on one side. and It wasn all natural. Whoa. Oh my God. Miracles. Canva happen. I. Wondery. If She felt like It wasn a miracle. If I have three babies at once, man won. I'm just saying. cause God bless anyone. Whew. Canva. Get through That You often think You won't be able to and that you have three. Oh right. If You have a That's incredible. Yeah, If you're missing a tube. Yeah. And. My dad already had three girls. And didn't want anymore. Uhoh It wasn a bit of a, the just one turned into three more. Oh, fun. Oh, that's great. Just A quick disclaimer before I get into this. I. Just wanna say That, this story's about one person. And, not representative of the company. I'm not gonna name the company. and also That. This happened a long time ago.


How long ago? Almost 15 years ago. So my dream growing up, wasn, to make wildlife documentaries. And decided to go to school for the science side instead of the film side. So I studied wildlife biology, And animal behavior, which will sort of become relevant and ad story And. After I finished graduate school, I floundered around for a while. I'm from southern California originally. So I wasn in southern California trying to get into film and that eventually managed to get an internship at kind of the dream company on the East coast. So I wasn, a very old unpaid intern and I wasn in my late twenties by this point. From there, I managed to get an entry-level job.


And eventually I. wasn able to get the dream job. which wasn working on a series about wildlife around the world. Oh Fun. Yeah Seemed exciting, but I knew. Going in That Miranda, the executive producer of the show had a reputation for being difficult. I. Think won. You want something bad enough? You. Convince yourself I'm tougher than these other people. That came before me. I. Canva. Get through It. A couple of little fun facts. Miranda outwardly expressed That. She hated working with women. So, oh, so a rough start. I wasn. For most of the time, I worked on the show. The only other woman working on the team, And. She would Dove things like steal prescription medications out of our desks.


Oh, oh. She had a fun habit of ending statements with, and if you tell HR, I'll murder You. Mm. and She would send texts saying, That. Putting That in writing is so dumb. It. Wasn a different time. I feel like back that And. So She clearly didn't like me. She did wanna pay me as much as the men and all of That. But just sort of a favorite quote of hers. wasn. One time She came into my office at the end of the day and kind of crouched down next to me and said, if you quit, I'll hunt You down like the runaway bunny and make your life hell. And. That has always stuck with me as She hated me, but She didn't want me to leave Canva. I tell you, the creepiest part of That is, what's this Runaway Bunny a fucking allegory?


She thinks everyone knows. That's weirdly the creepiest part of That Yeah. 'cause No one has ever heard of That. No I think it's a kid's Book, but it's not like velvet teen rabbit. It's too specific. Yeah. It's very creepy. Yeah don't be the runaway bunny We all know what Happened to her. Ew. I should take this time to apologize. cause earlier I said all the stories. We men And. This is a woman. Oh Good. I'm glad We could provide some gender balance there. That's right. Women Canva be evil. We as We, all We humans Canva be terrible pieces of shit. Yeah. But it is three to one man. I am gonna say That. We. That's also reflective of how many men versus women are in boss positions.


We, which I think is, That's bad problem. For this to be a one-to-one apples, there'd have to be 50% of all bosses We men and 50% We men. Let's try it. Yeah Okay, Yeah Yeah. I'm for it. I'm for It. So I'm trying to condense two years of trauma into one story. But I'm gonna tell you about the first shoot I went on for her. which wasn Only the second shoot I'd ever gone on. And it wasn a big one. It wasn to film wolves in Mongolia. Whoa. Yeah. Logistically challenging No accommodations I'm imagining Hard to find outside of Lum. Batar. And. it had selfishly pitched this wasn. One of the habitats. We covered the Asian step. cause it always wanted to go to Mongolia. So as the shoot got closer, And it think She got more stressed.


She started setting. What my sister, who's a writer kind of told me was like this trope, And fairytales. The idea of the impossible task is you'll maybe remember from the Devil Worst Prada. It's sort of like won. Miranda asks Andy to get the unpublished Yes Harry Potter book for her twins. So She sort of started setting those sorts of tasks for me. And. So She decides a week before the trip, That I need to find a trained wolf in addition to the wild wolves. That we're supposed to be filming. So That, we Canva film closeups, And. If don don't Dove That that she's canceling the whole trip, which we've know spent months planning. I'm like, and ad panic. I'm working with our local fixer every day. I get an update.


Like I found a wolf And that the next morning I get another update. The wolf wasn killed. and this happens like three times. Oh boy, Two wolves. We killed And. The third one had pups, And that couldn't travel. So you know it's getting more And, more stressful. Somehow We find a wolf. and we get on the plane. Wait, so is the wolf a local hire or are you bringing the wolf with you guys? A local hire. Okay. Okay. Great. So that's helpful. Fortunately Not traveling all the way to Mongolia. So we get there. We have the adult trained, trained quote unquote wolf And. that five orphaned wolf pups That, someone handed over to the owner of the adult wolf.


It's clear, pretty quickly. That, the adult wolf is not actually trained. It's just a wolf that's in captivity. Oh, No. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Wasn. A collar And. A leash isn't like attacking humans, but also is not trained. So the second you take the leash off, it has disappeared into the hills. Of course. Oh my gosh. We. It's a prisoner. Yes. So The whole week there's updates of like We. The wolf's disappeared again. And that the trainer is wandering the hills for a few hours trying to get it back. The first task I'm given is to take a fox skin cap. That Miranda has bought at the gift shop of our hotel and fashion, a cover for the denim collar That this wolf is wearing.


So try And. Make it blend in with it was fur. So That won You. Film it. You can't see the color. Oh my God. This is almost like the room or one of these famous, what are They doing? You can't, this is insane. It's gonna have a collar on it, but that we're gonna cover It with this. it was so sounding like a satire, like a Christopher guest animal show. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yes, Yes. I'm focusing on some of the lighter hearted stories, but there wasn a lot going on kind of all the time on the strip that we're a couple days in And, the cameramen report back That. The wolf pups have escaped into a cave 'cause they're trying to film them in front of some rocks and They crawl into this rocky outcropping. And And They won't come out.


So by this point and ad trip I've realized That Really my job is to be Miranda's like handler. Ah. and the men get to stay out in You near the filming location. But I have to be her chaperone back to Ula Batar several hours away every night to make sure she's safe. And happy. And comfortable. Does She have any substance abuse issues? The prescription That, She wasn, fond of stealing wasn Ambien. So She didn't Really sleep. And She wasn. Also very much a chain smoker. And struggled with traveling without smoking, but that's all I know about. I'm not sure what else wasn going on there. Okay. It's around this time. That She decides she's gotta get the wolf pups out of this cave. So the next day and her way of solving this problem logically is to get an aerosol product like Hairspray to try and like smoke the Ps out.


Oh my God. Okay. I am like panicking. So my suggestion is to find like a squirt gun instead and maybe use some water. At least That. We're not harming the wolf pups and miraculously We go into a supermarket. And They have a bunch of like super soakers there. Oh, Even in Mongolia. Yeah Miranda decides That. This is the moment That She knew I had crossed over And That I would make it as a producer cause it had finally solved a problem. Logically And That wasn my turning point in her eyes. The rest of the trip. Miranda told everyone How much did grown on the trip, including the size of my ass.


Oh, oh, Okay, She. wasn. Tracking That. Yeah. So That wasn my first trip with her. And it got through it and proceeded to spend the next year working for her. Traveling around the world. I finally got to go back to Mongolia a year later without her And. As soon as I got back, quit That job and moved On. And. did She feel deeply betrayed like I finally let one woman in Oh. Yeah, She didn't hunt me down, but She did screw me over on my credit and things like That She tried to stop me from getting this other job. Is She still at It? She's not at That company. I'm pretty sure She is, but she's moved around a bit since that You continue to Dove this work.


I Dove. Yep. Dove. You have a favorite one you've watched recently? cause it have one Is It Chimp. Crazy. We. I wouldn't love We. Put That under the category. I did Love Chimp Crazy. But there's an orangutan one on Netflix that's pretty new. Oh, I haven't seen it. Oh it's incredible. What's your Favorite? There's a very old one. That I. Really like called Queen of trees. That's about fig trees and ad relationship between the fig tree And, these tiny wasps. That pollinate the figs. It's a good one. and ad kind of nature space. What A cool job. Truly. Thanks. It's a tough one, but I've gotten to see some pretty cool things. I bet It's gratifying. Have you been attacked by any animals? Great question. No. Just my dog. Whew has a lot in common with whiskey.


Okay. It's kind of useless. Kind of snappy, but I've been in situations Whew, I'm like, this is probably a pretty dump situation to be in. and I could be attacked by an animal, but fortunately nothing's happened. We, how About this? did you watch Chimp Empire? No. I Haven't watched it. I've heard You talk about It a ton. Obviously Since you've done this, you have to watch it to imagine how They We capturing this footage. Yeah a lot of the work I Dove know is actually more people-centered like people And, nature and I find It actually easier and ad lot of ways to tell a more authentic story with humans involved. Is it safe to say a lot of what we're seeing as staged I feel like that's what I learned from this? That's what I learned.


Working on That film. This boss in particular leaned heavily on setting things up, Yeah, but also even just and ad edit. You're making the story so you're making It maybe look like this. Owls and ad tree and the mouse is on the ground and it's scared, but that's all. and ad editing. So it's not necessarily happening. Yeah, That part. I Canva kind of figure out. I feel like won. I'm watching 'em. And They build It. So perfectly Whew. You think the mouse saw the owl? They. Really Dove a good job. And. I'm like Yeah. No one saw each other. Yeah. So there's definitely a lot of That, which is why I think won. You have the human based stories, You. Canva hear things from the people's perspective and not have to force some of That as much We. Andy, lovely meeting you Yeah.


Andy, What'd I say? Annie? Oh We. It's a fake I. Don't feel too bad about I. Get a fake name. We. It's Anne Hathaway. We're And ad ballpark. Yeah and Alright. Right We. Tell your twin sister and your triplet brother We say Hi. I We. My twin sister is actually the one Whew initially turned me onto the podcast a few years ago. And She wishes. She wasn the one getting to talk to You guys right now. And. If She wasn't overseas, she'd be popping in to say Hi We. She'll write in for another prompt. We'll get her. She's tried a couple times and fashion and yet so She wasn. Pretty mad. They got It on the first try. Sounds familiar. Oh, siblings. Alright We, be We. And. Thanks for telling us That story. It wasn Great meeting. You.


Thank. You. Guys all Take care. Dove. You wish you had a twin sister. Identical twin Sister What will Be fun. I love twins. I love Mary Kay And. Ashley Yeah. Twins are fun. They, they're so close. They Are Most siblings can't run a business together like the fact That. They have That business. you know And, there's No problem. We We run a business together, But we're not siblings. Yeah, we are We. Okay. You never saw It on the 23 And. Me, No, What. will Be done. Close case about the sim. If we found out we We, it was like relative living, relative And. it was said Monica Padman from Duluth, Georgia. I would go. Okay. That's it. Pull the fuck I. don know to Dove with That info though knowing full confirmation, the SIM's reel.


Dove You start being a daredevil like We. I probably can't die in this sound. No. Knock on wood. Knock on wood. This is the most insane knock on the wood. That I. Think you've had yet No. cause you are saying you can't die If you got confirmation. It wasn the sim I. Just don't wanna say you can't die. My God. Okay. All right, We I. Love You. Love You brother. Hey love You sis. Bye. Dove. You. Wanna sing a tune or something? won it wasn a theme song. Oh, Okay. Great. We don't have a song for this new show. So there I go, go, go. We're gonna ask some random questions.


And We the help. Get some suggestions on the Fly R Dish on the fly in. Enjoy.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon music, or wherever You get your podcasts. You Canva. Listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus and ad Wondery App Or on Apple podcasts. Before You go tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey And ad.


Quiet suburb. A community is shattered by the death of beloved wife And mother. But this tragic loss of life quickly turns into something even darker. Her husband had tried to hire a hitman on the dark web to kill her And. She wasn't the only target. cause buried and ad depths of the internet is the kill list. A cache of chilling documents containing names, photos, addresses, and specific instructions for people's murders. This podcast is the true story of how I ended up and ad race against time to warn those whose lives We in danger and It turns out convincing a total stranger someone wants them dead is not easy. Follow kill list on the wander at or wherever You get your podcasts. You Canva Listen to Kill List And more Exhibit C, true crime shows like Morbid early and ad free right now by joining Wondery. Plus, check out exhibit C in the Wondery App for all your true chrome listening.