
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm Dan Shepard. And I'm John by Mrs. Monica. Hi there. Hi. Today is Embarrassingly Caught. Ooh, people caught doing embarrassing stuff. Just look at your mirror neurons firing And the last one's hot. Oh yeah, that's right. Yeah, that's Right. So a mix of embarrassing and hot. Those Are the best kinds. Please enjoy Embarrassingly Caught.


If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs. Bank USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC. Terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, check that you have all the ingredients for a recipe before you start cooking dinner or checking If you need to use the bathroom before you start recording so you don't need to take a break. Mid show checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is intended for audiences in the US only. Savings vary terms. Apply Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, north Brook, Illinois


All times. Come and go. Take them slow. You gotta know I Hi. Hi there Sabrina. Yes, this is She. Nice to meet you. Okay, quick question. You have the hanging shoe rack device that I also have on my closet door, but I can no longer shut my closet door. Do you have the same issue? Yeah, It's partly open that way. I'm not claustrophobic either, so we're good.


Where are you at? I am just outside of Denver in Aurora, Colorado. So you were caught doing something embarrassing, which is just delightful for us and probably terrible for you. Yeah, it's terrible and I swore I would never tell the story right after it happened and then I told a million people and here I'm telling a million more. This takes place a few years ago. I say a few years 'cause it still hunts me, but it was probably more like nine or 10 years ago. Okay. But I was in a bit of a house in limbo so I was looking for a place to stay for me and my son just to like save some money for a little bit until I got more of a permanent spot. So lucky for me, my cousin said that I could move in with her and her husband.


They were gonna charge me next to nothing. But one of the stipulations there was that I had to cook for everybody in the house one night a week. That's a good trade. Yeah. Not a big deal. I like cooking Also a veiled compliment. They want to eat your food. I mean a lot of people would be asked not to cook. Yeah, my cousin lived with them too and that was the same rules and they really didn't want her to cook after. But this particular Tuesday I was exhausted so I didn't want to cook, but I remembered that I had a coupon for the Papa Murphy so I was just gonna go and get some pizza for everybody. I stopped by after work, went up to the cash register, put in my order and then wasn't even thinking of it. Opened what I thought was the last window and just faced my phone to them and then the cashier's, his face got beat red, his eyes were like super wide.


I was tired so I was like, I don't even know what's going on here. What Did you think you were showing him your coupon? Yeah, like 20% off because I thought it was the last window that I had. Then there was just moaning. What You started hearing what he had seen? Yeah, I heard Just really loud moaning. Oh I thought you meant from him. Okay. Someone Was being very pleased and they were getting, you know, more than pizza, they were enjoying themselves. My Phone decided to just autoplay a porn that I was watching earlier. Oh, oopsies, You hold it up to a young man at the register. Yeah, teenager. Oh my god. You could like get in trouble.


Yeah, Let's not talk about that. He was 18 in a day for sure. That's what was playing and it was like loud and proud and super obvious, which is kind of frustrating 'cause you know sometimes when you try to play videos for somebody it just never plays and loading forever. But this was like auto play loud as fuck. So I froze and then I grabbed my phone and then tried to turn it off and of course you can't, Right? Never. Yeah, it's impossible like ads pop up and everything. It finally shuts off. And the cashier, he was like, actually we don't even take coupons on Tuesdays because it's like a buy one get one deal anyways. So we don't have anything on top of it.


So I just showed him my phone, just the porn for like no reason. I was like alright. And then just silence. At that point I kind of would've rather heard the moaning because the silence was just Thick. He chose and you chose, we're not gonna address this. Absolutely not. So that kind of made it more uncomfortable. I wish there was like a little joke to cut the tension a little bit, but he was a teenager so I mean I don't know how much you could joke with him and luckily, I mean I was the only person in there. That's a blessing. Yeah. Just waiting to package everything up and silence the whole time. Like a good solid five, 10 minutes. Oh God. He handed me the pizza and then just head down left.


I have never gone back to Papapa Murphy's ever again. Not on Tuesdays, not on any day. He definitely told everybody in the company that some old broad showed him her porn stash basically. Yeah. He could definitely end up responding to a prompt that was tell us about something insane that happened at work. Totally. I'll keep listening. Well, but here's, here's how delusional and eager I am as a young man. I would've thought like, okay, I see you're trying to let me know you are ready to party that you did it on purpose. Yeah. Listen, we run another deal on Tuesday, which is I get off at six, meet Me up back, listen, spend 10 minutes.


That was definitely an embarrassing moment and I swore I would never tell anybody and then proceeded to tell everybody in my life. Okay, Now I have a follow-up question and it's very invasive so you can definitely choose not to answer it. But my curiosity is you were watching it on your phone at some point. Yes. Is that something you did at work? I don't do it at work, but it could have been in the morning time. Oh sure, sure, sure. De-stress before work kind of thing. Yes. But it definitely taught me to lesson to use incognito mode on your phone so it doesn't autoplay. Cautionary tale. Cautionary tale and a sponsor. Let's tell him about papa Taking bitch. Sorry that happened, but you gave him a gift. Yeah, He, that was a gift.


When you're a teenager and an attractive woman shows you her pornography, there's not much more you can ask for. That's a good day. Especially at a boring shift. There was no one in there. He is not even busy. I like that spin on it and then it got me here. Right. It's a win across the board. Definitely. Well Sabrina, it's lovely meeting you. I Know everybody says this, but I listen to you guys three times a week on the dot. I work good morning shift. So you're the first voices I hear in the morning. It's just really cool to actually get to talk to you guys. Well thank you. We're delighted you're listening to all of them. That's very flattering and please keep at it. We're Glad we got to chat with you. Will do you guys take care? Have a good rest of your day. Yeah, I'd be so happy if that had happened to me at work. I as a teen, I'm trying to think if I did any forward facing. I didn't.


I worked for my dad, swindling people, a lot of money for hugs, not drugs. And then I worked for my mom all through high school. Well you worked at CPK As an adult. I would love it if at my host stand that had happened for sure. But I think I like it more in high school. Right. And that's a very exciting ordeal in high school. Yeah. Did anything ever get weird at the car thing? Had my job working for gm. Yeah, that's a good question. We dealt with all these journalists, every single automotive journalist in the country we would work with pretty regularly. Some of 'em I had really great relationships with and they were really, really fun. But we had a woman in particular who was clearly a drug addict and we were constantly dropping off and picking up cars from her house and yeah, it was pretty strange.


You never really knew what was gonna happen when you, because you'd go up to their door, get the keys and then take the thing away, maybe drop something off and yeah, she would be in crazy outfits. Sometimes the car would be parked half in the yard, there'd be weird things in the car and it's a little bit of a roulette. You always wondered what was gonna be happening when you went and picked up this car. And you also wondered when is she gonna total one of these cars? Sure. And that's not good. You had a couple customer servicey jobs in high school, right? I was a gymnastics teacher and then I worked for my aunt in her law firm. That was it for high school. Well law firm seems fertile for some shit. Was she a litigator? Yeah, she did divorce in immigration.


Okay. Not like criminal defense because If you worked in an office that's specializing in criminal defense, I mean you have all the stories. Yeah. Dana, I hope it's Dana White. Can you hear me? We can Now. We can hear you beautifully. Yay. Not Dana White. Sorry Not Dana. White different. Dana, I need to see more of your shirt. It's a sunshine. Okay. It's great. Really nice. I just hadn't seen the bottom half. Nice. I like it quite a bit. It's snowing here so it's bright and sunny on my sweater, but gray and snowy outside. Where are you at? I'm in northwest Indiana, so I'm on the border of Illinois and Indiana between like the dunes and Chicago, Kinda by Gary A. Little bit.


20 minutes from Gary. So not far from Rob's old stomping grounds. But my old house, my backyard was Illinois and my front yard was Indiana. Oh wow. You could be part of that riddle. If a plane crashes in your backyard, where do you bury the survivors? I dunno that, but it sounds like a good one. The punchline is you don't bury survivors but you start thinking about should it be Indiana or Illinois? And you get really bogged down in that. Okay, so you have an embarrassing story and probably multiple embarrassing stories. We all have many but one in particular you're gonna share with us. Yes, I do. This is so funny to me because I'm so excited to be talking to you, but I actually can't believe I signed up to teach. I've avoided telling this story for so long.


So story takes place late 2007, early 2008, a recent graduate. I'm living at home with my parents and I'm at the time working for my dad. I'm at home but still like doing adult things. I have a boyfriend who I met right when I came home and so we've been dating for like six months and I need to renew my birth control. I think it still works like this today where you go, you get an exam and then they release a year's worth of available prescriptions and you can go every month and get it until that year is up. I'm up on that year so I need to go to the doctor. Previously I've gone to like Planned Parenthood or I've gone to the health clinic at my college.


I'm feeling like an adult. I have my own healthcare, I have my own money, albeit I'm living in my parents' basement. I can't move out but feel empowered like I'm gonna take care of my health and I'm gonna find a doctor and somebody I can go to year after year while I am super close to my parents and I love them so very much. And my family's super close. Like we do not talk about sex at All. Right. Are we religious or just afraid to talk about sex? I Grew up Catholic but we just never talked about it. So I'm also being conscious of the fact that if male comes to the house, I don't really want them to see it. Like I don't want it to be like women's clinic. I want nothing that screams like sex.


So yeah. Yeah. I start to look for a doctor and I'm looking for something that's discreet. So I find a doctor and it's just like Doctor so-and-so now as an adult I realize all the letters after the doctor's name indicate what kind of doctor. Oh sure. Yeah, it's, So I call the doctor up to make an appointment and what the lady tells me is this doctor is a gynecologist but it's really like a fertility specialist. She does do exams and I can't come see her, but just wanna be upfront that this is kind of what this office is making. The call was awkward enough. I'm like, yep, I'm in. Make me the appointment. It comes time for the appointment. I walk in there and this is like nothing I've experienced before.


It's a beautiful office everywhere I've gone to just has that like curtain in between the rooms. So this feels nice. I feel out of my element. Everything is very much set up for people who are trying to have families. There is a couple who is in there together. All of the posters and pamphlets are all for fertility planning and I am actively trying not to get pregnant. Yeah, right. You're on the opposite trajectory here. Yes. I feel super insecure kind of about this situation slash Guilty maybe. Like these people are dying to have a kid and I'm trying to prevent that. Yes. And I'm 23. I look out of place, I feel like I shouldn't be there, but I'm also kind of like, I just wanna get what I need out of this situation and get out of here.


So I'm sitting in there and it's taking like a little bit of time and I'm getting like a little bit more and more nervous and maybe it's just for me, like going to the gynecologist is a nerve wracking experience anyway. In ideal conditions it's still showing your vagina to a stranger. I've had two Kids now and I still feel semi uncomfortable going to the gynecologist. So the nurse comes and gets me and brings me back into the room and she's like, go ahead and change and the doctor will be in there with you shortly. So I take everything off, I fold it all up, I tuck my underwear into my jeans so you can't like see anything. And I am looking for the gown usually it's almost like a paper sheet that's folded up on the bed.


So I look for that, it's not there. And I'm looking on the bed underneath the film, I don't see anything and it's like a bigger room. So I scan the room, there's like a desk and then there's some hooks and next to the hook I'm like, oh, those look like gowns. So I go up and I grab one of the gowns. Oh okay. And so I'm putting it on and I am like, well this is weird 'cause this gown has a slit in the front and not in the back. But I'm also kind of thinking to myself fancy office and like she needs to see my fronts. Yeah. So I'm sure this is fine. Makes sense. So like as I get that on, I hear the doctor knock on the door and as I'm saying, come in, I feel something like real itchy on my chest.


I look down and I realize that there are pockets on this gown and there are pens. No, No, no, no, no. And there are heavy objects like instruments in the pocket and that itchy part is a patch. And I am coming to the realization that I am wearing her lab coat, her doctor's coat as she is opening the door, she opens the door and I'm staring at her. This is now like a sexual fantasy. Like this changed from an exam to like you're the hot doctor who's got her lab coat open. She is staring at me, me like I'm a crazy person because I look like a crazy person.


And when I get nervous or like embarrassed, I start to blush really bad. So from my chest all the way up is maroon and I am just mortified. She's like, oh my god. And I'm like, oh my God, I know I'm wearing your coat. I couldn't find a gown. I don't know where the gowns are. I was like, I thought it was a gown. She was like, it's not a gown. And she was like, let me go get you something to change into. If I could have just like shed my skin and run away right there, I would've done it and left the coat in my whole body there.


We are supported by Quince. When it comes to winter, cozy is king for the ultimate cold weather necessities made from premium materials. You've gotta check out Quince. With Quince you can treat yourself to true quality at an affordable price. Like something everyone needs in their closet. Quince iss, Mongolian cashmere sweaters, which start at just $50 for real cashmere. That's a great deal. Or there's super soft fleece sweatpants, which are a major upgrade to those old sweats you've had forever. No matter what you're looking for. All Quince items are priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands. And they use premium fabrics and finishes for that high quality feel in every piece. I saw some of these items appear on a very, very trusted gift guide from a friend. Oh really? Yeah. The sweatpants are on there. People love the sweatpants and really great for travel. Yeah, I'm eyeing those sweatpants luxuriate in coziness without the luxury price tag. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for 365 day returns plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


We are supported by Peloton. Peloton can keep your goals on track no matter what season of life you're in, whether you're starting a new chapter or looking for a way to mix up your routine. Peloton is a variety of classes and class lengths that adapt to all the seasons in your life. Whether you want to try a new type of exercise from cycling to Pilates to yoga, running and so much more. There are a huge variety of classes to fit whatever you're looking for that day. Or If you just want to try a new trainer, Peloton has world class instructors to keep you motivated. I was at Molly's gym and she has a Peloton and every time I'm there I try to sneak up there and get a little steal a little sash. Steal a sash. 'cause it is so fun. It is the whole instructor part and the class. Yes. And any chance you can make working out fun, I'll take it. Peloton is everything you've ever wanted to try. Whenever you need it, find your push. Find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


The Apple Watch series 10 is here. It has the biggest display ever. It's also the thinnest Apple Watch ever making it even more comfortable on your wrist, whether you're running, swimming or sleeping. And it's the fastest charging Apple watch getting you eight hours of charge in just 15 minutes. The Apple Watch series 10 available for the first time in glossy jet black aluminum compared to previous generations. iPhone tennis are later required charge time and actual results will vary. I am like panicking, like what do I do? I'm naked.


I'm still in her Coat. My conundrum, if I were you is like, do I get back in my clothes right now while she's out getting this gown and then she'll gimme the gown. I'll get back on my clothes. I just stay in this coat That's not mine. I stayed. I kind of rose really? I was just like standing there in my shame. And so she grabs a gown and hands it through the door and so I change into it. I hang her coat back up Like what am I doing? Yeah. And She comes back in. I don't know what to do. So we're having this exam and I just have a flurry of words coming out of my mouth. Like I'm so sorry, this is my first time at a nice place. I didn't know it wasn't a gown. Where are your gowns? Why wasn't the gown in here?


She's completing the exam and she's mostly ignoring me, but trying to make me feel somewhat comfortable. A lot of my patients wear my clothes. That's What I was hoping for. Like this has happened before. No big deal. But this is not what she's saying. Yeah. Oh no. She's trying to get out of there as fast as I am. Was it inside out? No. When I think about it now I'm kind of like, how didn't you know it had sleeves on it? Like I shoulda have known what I was doing And a stethoscope in the pocket. I was so nervous. Yeah. Oh. And I just wanted it to get over with. But by the time I was realizing it, it was like too late. It was like so mortified.


Did you keep her as a gyno? Unfortunately I had a result that like I had to come back in for. It ended up being fine, but I had to see her again and get reexamined. I did get the gown before I went in, but then after that I never ever, ever went back. Did you make a joke the second time, like making sure I know where the gowns are this time? Yes. Like of course. And I'm like so awkward to begin with through the whole thing. I'm like, can I get the gown before I go in? But I left that appointment and I sobbed in my car and it was so embarrassed and I waited years to tell anybody that this ever happened. Really a, I love this story, but also this wouldn't make DAXs top two thou.


I mean, you really didn't do anything wrong. There was no gown and you took the next best thing. I know that moment of her walking through the door lives somewhere in the back of my mind and pops in every once in a while. Yeah, It's hard when you're trying to be an adult, that tender time is very tricky. And I think that's probably why you got so upset. You're like, I don't know what I'm doing in life. And was supposed to know you Feel so good about it. The easier route was not to go and find a new doctor and do all the things. And I felt so good that I had done it and I felt like I picked it so cautiously. It's probably lucky that I had to get birth control every year else. I wouldn't have gone back to the gynecologist probably ever again.


Okay, good. You just disprove my thing. 'cause I gotta say, there are some prescriptions I've been on in my life where I'm like, guys, what are we doing? We know this is a lifetime prescription. Why on earth do I need, I'll give you an example. Like I used to be on Propecia, which blocks testosterone from making your hair fall out. Well, I'm not gonna decide I want my hair to fall out at any point. I don't understand why I gotta go see someone every year when we know I'm gonna be on this thing forever. Side note, I'm not on it anymore. But yeah, there's some that I'm just like, why do we have to Do this, this? Well, no, they need to make sure that your body hasn't created some sort of aversion to it or have a new issue. I mean like even with Keppra, I have to go in every couple years just to triple check everything's working the way it should work Every couple years.


Sounds doable. Yeah. But I guess it is good to get that exam every year. Yeah, it is. But again, yeah, birth control for me it's like yeah, you're gonna be on it until you wanna get pregnant. What are we talking about now? You should get exams. But the prescription part to me is a side issue. Right. Okay. Well I've beared my grievance about that. There we go. I think you should have been able to keep your birth control going from college indefinitely. Had they not required me to go into an exam, I would've got it for day one and never have gone back. Well it's great meeting you. Well thanks for Sharing that. That was fun. You Too. Can I give a shout out to two other arm cherries? I wanna shout out my sister Lexi and then my cousin Bobby. We have often said if there's ever a prompt where I could tell this story, I would have to go in and do it.


So I didn't tell anybody that I was recording and I thought they'll hear it for the first time. Oh fun. Oh Yay. Shout out Lexi and Bobby. Yes. Great to have all three of you. Thank you guys. Take care. Bye. Bye. Adam. Hi. Is this Adam? This is Adam. Hi. Hi. Nice to meet you. Nice To meet you. My wife is sitting next to me and her mouth is like on the floor. It's a gap. Yeah. She's like, she just got the new shirt in the mail like five minutes ago already. She got in there in the first 14 minutes. She was on it. Good for her. For the weeks leading up to it. Every few days I would check the store and nothing was there.


And then she looked, she's like, oh my god, the shirt's here. Yay. Shout out Carly for getting those out in time. That's great. Okay, so you embarrassed yourself. I'm not surprised. It's hard to make it through life without doing that. And especially when I tell you how old I was. This story took place in 1999. I was just turning 19 years old. Okay. Okay. It was right in my senior year of high school. And it took place just before graduation to after graduation. The embarrassing part was after graduation. Can I ask where were you in the country? Yeah. It's in Orlando, Florida. Oh, Okay, great. I was in high school and I was undiagnosed A DHD. Terrible in school.


So I was dual enrolled at a technical school. 'cause I am a huge car enthusiast. I love cars. And I'm like, you know what? I wanna go into automotive. So I started taking all these automotive classes and it led to an internship working at a Chrysler dealership doing like breaks, transmission stuff, everything that you could think of. Yeah. I also had asthma. So while I'm working there, I had trouble breathing. Sometimes I would lean over and I'd hear like this bubbling feeling in my chest and I'm like, what the heck is this? I'd go to the doctor, everything's fine. It would happen again. I'd go back to the doctor, everything's fine. Finally they're like, here, go take an x-ray. So it just so happened that whatever was going on happened right when I was going to have the x-ray done and the radiologist comes running out with the x-rays in hand, hands them to my dad and says, get him to the emergency room.


Both of his lungs have collapsed. No. What? What? What? Yeah. Oh my. So what was happening was my lungs would collapse. The air was getting trapped in between my chest wall and my lung on every exhale. And it couldn't Reinflate. Oh my god. And It like was pushing my heart over. There's Like back pressure. Yeah. And I was walking around for a month, maybe two, with this happening on and off. Whoa. So we go to the emergency room and they admit me and I can barely breathe. And so they can't put me under because of breathing problems. Yeah. So they have me take my right arm and reach across my body to hold onto the handrail that's on the hospital bed.


And they cut a hole in my chest and put a tube through to suck the air out. So now I'm connected to like this machine that's constantly sucking air out of my chest. Oh my god. And you did that without any anesthesia? Just a local. Oh. And my dad said, you could hear me scream down the hallway of the emergency room. Oh, That's gruesome. Oh, When they flipped the switch on, I went 'cause it pulled my lung back out. But really quick, when they did that, did you feel any relief? Like, oh my god, I have full lungs again. Yes. It was like, oh thank you. I can breathe. So they only had to do it on the right. 'cause the left wasn't too bad, but it was both lungs.


So now I'm sitting in the hospital for like a week and they're waiting to see if it heals on its own. What is causing this? It sounds like you have some kind of perforation and some kind of lining. Well That's common. Exactly. So it ended up being that working in a dirty environment, like in an automotive garage. And me being tall and skinny, I went through a growth spurt in that timeframe and the lung tissue was super thin, which is very common apparently with tall, skinny guys. And so it clogged the aveoli in my lungs, which then ruptured, collapsed lum. Holy shit. And apparently it can happen just spontaneously. Like if you're lifting something, instead of getting an A hernia, you gotta collapse lung.


Oh Wow. Oh my God. So pay attention. New thing to worry about. I still kind of worry about it a little bit, but not as much as I did right after. Whoa. So now I'm in the hospital and waiting around for a week and I can't move more than like maybe two or three feet. 'cause I have this tube attached to me. And if they disconnect it, my lung collapses again. So they give me this plastic like toilet thing that goes next to the hospital bed with a bucket underneath. Oh boy. Yeah. So now I'm pooping into a bucket and I have to call the nurses to come and empty it. That's when I realized that this hospital was a teaching hospital for the local community college.


No, this is so unfair. And It's the hottest college girls. Oh my God. Coming in. Oh My god. To empty out my poop bucket every single day. Oh my god. I would want to throw it out the window. I'm talking like eights, nines. And I'm like, this is ridiculous. I can't shower. I stink. Oh my hair's a mess. But what was cool is on their lunch they would come and hang out in my room and this is all pre-internet, so it's Jerry Springer and the price is right. And that's pretty much it. So we're talking like a week here. I'm 19 bored out of my mind, sitting in a room by myself. I'm like, you know what, I've got nothing else to do.


Yep. So I start taking care of certain things. Pleasuring Yourself. Oh sure. Oh my God. So I can't believe Monica was out to lunch on that one. Whatcha Talking about? My wife was like, when you tell this story, Monica's gonna be like, ha men. No Men are allowed to masturbate. Oh, in public and women are too. No, this was in public. No, I mean it's in a hospital. Oh. I didn't have a roommate or anything. It wasn't like an episode of Seinfeld. I was by myself. So anyway, I'm, you know, handling things. Yeah. I forget that I'm connected to heart monitors. Oh, oh Yeah. And I set off all the alarms at the nursing station.


God. And two nurses come busting through the door with myself in my hand. And they're like, are you okay? Because I set off all the alarms. Like my heart rate spiked to like 170 or something. It was a big one. I'm sitting there and I'm like totally fine. And they're like, oh. Oh, okay. Wait. They saw, they could tell I'm in a hospital gown and it only opens in the back. So you have to, you know, so, So obvious. So the penis, Monica, it protrudes from the front of the body. Okay, Cool. Whenever I would tell the story, they're like, so did you finish? I'm like, well yeah, I was already almost there. Sure, Sure. Oh, I thought the heart rate spike was a result of the climax.


Right. But just as you were nearing it, you were really Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah. Don't let a little a DH ADHD stop you from finishing Nowadays. It just might not back then. Oh my God. So you're pooping in a bucket. These gals are hanging with you. They're young and beautiful and then you get caught doing that. Whoa, what a trip to the hospital. So what was the ultimate solution for this lung condition? It never healed on its own. So they're like, all right, we're gonna have to do the corrective surgery now because I can breathe. They put me under, I have a scar that's about five inches. They cut open, spread my ribs, and then basically scarred the top of my lung and then on the inside of my chest wall so that it would heal into the chest wall so it can't actually collapse.


Ah-huh. Oh, interesting. Now the left side that healed on its own. 'cause that one wasn't as bad, but for years afterwards when people would hug me or pat me on the back or something, I would just freak out. I'm like, just stop. Because I never wanted to go through that again. Oh yeah. God, that's awful.


We are supported by SKIMS. We love SKIMS here on the pod. Monica, you just got some goodies from SKIMS, right? I did. And in fact, I was just talking about this last night at a girl's dinner. We were talking about brass and I was really pushing SKIMS bras. Everyone who has 'em loves 'em. Yeah. You're Always raving about them. They're comfy. They couldn't be more comfortable. I'm told SKIMS has incredible brass. Pretty much wearing one every day. Specifically the fits everybody. T-shirt bra is my absolute favorite. So If you are in need for a new bra, go for the fits everybody t-shirt bra, Shop SKIMS, best intimates, including the fits everybody collection and more at SKIMS dot com and skim stores. After you place your order, be sure to let them know we sent you select podcast in the survey and select our show in the dropdown menu that follows,


we are supported by Acorns. Acorns makes it easy to start automatically saving and investing for you, your kids, and your retirement. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got right now. That could be just $5 a day or even your spare change. Speaking of Acorns, did you know squirrels are nature's greatest investors? They spend a huge chunk of their life stashing away acorns for a rainy day. And when they inevitably lose track of a bunch of their hidden seeds, some of those acorns grow into oak trees. It's living proof that anyone can be a great investor. You've gotta give those acorns a chance to grow. I think about investing all the time. It's very important to me. With Acorns, you don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that fits you and your money goals. Sign up now and join the 13 million all time customers who have already saved and invested over $22 billion. With Acorns Plus Acorns will boost your new account with a $20 bonus investment offer available@acorns.com slash dax. That's A-C-O-R-N s.com/dx to get your $20 bonus investment. Today. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote acorns. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LC an SEC, registered investment advisor view. Important disclosures@acorns.com slash dax.


I have a logistical question. It's really personal. Yeah, Go for it. How Would you have done a cleanup situation? What'd You do If You with the gown home? I knew you were gonna ask that. You did. You did. You knew I was or you thought Dax would ask? Yeah, I'm like, you know what? I bet they're gonna ask what I did with everything. Yeah, just Kleenex. And Then wrap a bunch of clean kleenex over that You were worried that it was gonna get all over your gown. No. Geez dude. Yeah. I am gross. Yeah, I'm like over here like a fountain. No. Alright. Okay. Okay. You just buffered with some tissue. Wow. Monica. What a great question. I too wouldn't have expected that from you.


Well, yeah, that does sound more like one curious, but I just didn't even want to think about that. 'cause I think it goes right into the shame of being a boy and having to hide that I Have your kids everywhere. Yeah. Yeah. It's funny when I told people what the prompt was, they're like, oh God, it's not outside of my normal. You know? It's like that tracks. Sure, sure, Sure. Oh that's great. Well you got yourself an awesome wife. Yeah. With a cool sweatshirt. Yeah, I Certainly do. Let's say hi to her Really quick though. Dex, I wanna tell you something. I am a huge Howard Stern fan and I say it all the time. You are a better interviewer than Howard. Don't you dare say that Adam. No, thank you so much, much. I'm dead serious.


Here's why you present the issues that you've had and whatever trauma that you've had, but you do not inject it into what the other person is saying. Oh thank you. Like Howard would be like, oh, so your father did X, Y, Z. It's like, no, just because it happened to you doesn't mean it happened to that person. And you let the guest actually answer. Which is great. I mean, I love Howard, but you're fantastic. Thank You so much. Here's Chrissy. She's dying to say hi here. I'm gonna give her my AirPods. Y'all look at this. Oh. Oh it Looks gorgeous on you. It does. It really pops. Isn't That fantastic? She listens to you guys more. I literally ran down more than she listens to me.


I literally ran down to the mailbox like five seconds before to see. I was like, maybe it came today. That worked out so perfectly. Very sim. Is it comfortable? Do you like it? It's got a nice weight to it. It's Very nice. I just ripped it open and threw it on and then it was like, this is nice. Like it's thick. And this is my first time actually having one because I have always missed it. Well can I tell you, they were gone in I think 14 minutes, so you must have been like right when it opened up. Yeah. Have that multiple reminders. And it was actually really funny because I always listen to everything in order. I never skip ahead. Yeah. So he's a DHD in your OCD.


Yes. And DH adhd. But also We have all the acronyms. Oh good, good, good. All the letters. And So I never listened to the fact check before the episode. Right. But I had just finished therapy and I was like, I need some time to decompress before I come and join the family some more. Yeah. And I am not ready to start this episode. I'm gonna go to the fact check. And that is when you guys announced like that, the next day for me was when the orders were going up Sim that Was meant to be. I never would have been able to get the sweater because I wouldn't have listened to that part yet. Oh, Oh, Exciting.


So I set all the alarms and it was at noon and I had a work meeting starting at that time and it didn't matter. I am very mixed emotion about these limited release sweatshirts, which is like, I'm so happy for the people that get them. And I'm also so sorry for the amount of stress we caused people. I really dunno what to do about it, But it looks gorgeous. I'm so glad you got one. Let's just focus on the fact that you're a winner and you got it. Monica? I just finished or both of you guys, but I just finished the episode with Phoebe. Oh. When I heard that he was gonna be on, I'm like speechless. I came running down and I'm like, I'm gonna be on Armchair Anonymous. Oh, this is a big week in the household. You got the sweatshirt and you're on Armchair Anonymous.


I don't have words though to explain. It's like, and you tried and you failed. Yeah. Horribly. And you admitted like that you just couldn't. And it's like that. Okay, we'll take it. Keep it up guys. You guys are a party. We love you. Thank you so much for calling in. That's a great story. Have a good one guys. Hey, take care. I mean, come on with these arm cherries. Hi, can you hear me? Yes, we can. Beautifully. I'm so excited to be here, by the way. Yay. I was listening to your Haan Minhaj episode when I was at work. When I got the email and I totally flipped. Oh. Oh my Gosh. Good for you. You're going back in the archives. Look at you. He just came out with that other special and I'm a huge fan of his.


Me too. So I saw that he had been on the podcast and I missed it, so, oh, hey. I listened To both. I remember that being really, really fun. Yeah, he's Great. Yeah. I'm not gonna lie, I'm kind of nervous 'cause I haven't told this story in years. Oh, oh good. And my sister, she's a huge fan of Dax specifically. So am I. Of course. But I thought I'm gonna submit this story 'cause I think there's a good chance that this is gonna be the opportunity I get to get my sister to meet you guys. Oh, wonderful. So she's there. We'll meet her at the end. Yes. Okay, perfect. What's her fake name? We'll go with Rose. Okay. Wonderful. Axel, rose, Alex and Rose. Just change one letter. Oh, I do wanna add. So this involves my ex-boyfriend and today is his birthday. Oh, interesting.


What a weird little coincidence that is. That I'm gonna be retelling this core memory of ours today. A little. Sam, Do we like him or no? Yeah. How do we feel about him? I feel indifferent. He's doing really well. I haven't spoken to him in years. Okay. So anyways, this happened 10 years ago. I was a senior in high school. I, I'm 18. So we grew up in a small town out in the country. I'm sure Doc knows not a whole lot to do except for like off-roading and drinking. Drinking in a field. Yeah. Yeah. So my high school boyfriend, he had this older friend who was throwing like this big party out of town at his house. And I initially didn't wanna go 'cause I was a big goody two shoes in high school and I didn't really like drinking, but I got fomo. So I decided to go anyways.


And so we're having a good time. We're at the party, we're drinking, playing games, talking to people. So we sneak off to a dark corner of the house at some point in the night. 'cause we're feeling frisky, corny teenagers. So we're making out, we're getting handsy, probably pushing the boundaries and I'm like, let's go somewhere private and get this going. Yeah. Oh, You initiate this. This is great. Oh yeah, of course. I'm like, let's get a private area. And so he didn't drive there. He got dropped off like I did. And so he goes to his friend, the owner of the house and he's like, Hey, I need a private area for a little while for me and my girlfriend. Can I quickly ask how old the older friend is? 'cause there's a zone where it's fine and then there's a zone where I'm concerned how much older?


Not that much older. Maybe like 20 or 21. Oh, Okay, great. This is not a 30 5-year-old. No, no, no, No. Nothing like that. Okay. So he's like, here I just got this new SUV. Here are the keys. Wow. Holy shit. He's Generous. Oh yeah, they're really close. It's got the biggest backseat. So he's like, what you do is none of my business in there. Yeah. We go out there and all the cars outside the house are kind of like haphazardly all over the place, all throughout the desert. And this car was parked more on the outskirts. So I thought dark out here, no one's gonna see anything. We can have a great time. And also we're both super drunk. You guys know what's about to happen. So we're trying all different kinds of things.


We've been together for like two years, so we've been sexually active for like at least a year already. Great. You're experimenting and trying things. Yeah, We're doing all of the things. Oh God bless. Let's do 'em all. This is what makes the story in my mind a little more demoralizing is that he is like, let's try butt stuff. Sure. And I'm super drunk, so I'm relaxed. I'm like, okay, like let's give this a try. Yeah, sure. Check 'em all off the list. Can't think of a better place than someone else's backseat. You know what, nothing messy happened thankfully. But we were having a good time. Like I actually was enjoying myself. I will say I've never tried it again because I think this just put a bad taste in my mouth.


But I'm in the backseat. I'm bouncing to high heavens, I'm distracted, I'm having a good time. He feels the car get jostled, like move. And he asked me like, did you just feel that? I'm like, no, I don't feel nothing. Like the car's off. It's not moving. Like let's just keep going. And he is like, no, somebody just crashed into us. What? But you're distracted. Yes, exactly. We hear and see all this commotion outside of the vehicle. There's arguing and yelling and before I can even get a chance to like figure out what the heck him and I are about to do, somebody opens the door. Oh, to the car. Oh my goodness. And he's in your butt.


He had kind of like removed himself. Oh Yeah. I imagine. I imagine. Okay. Well, I don't know. I wanna know what position we're finding and everyone is, especially when he's like, you got hit. Okay, but still you're still in your position. Yeah, yeah. Compromised position. We're both fully naked, right? I mean there's no question about we were doing in there and you know what you look like when you've been having sex for a while. Like you know, the hair and the flesh and everything. It just looked horrible. Well, the cabin lights just turn on throughout the vehicle and they're bright as heck. So everybody outside the vehicle sees us. Oh boy. The guy who opened the door quickly closed the door too late. Like it takes a while for that stupid light To go off.


It stays on for a minute. Everything happens so fast. People are pouring out of the house party at this point because people are like, oh my god. The owner of the house, his new Range Rover just got crashed into Oh wow. So he comes outta the house and everybody inside is also coming out of the house. And people are of course like they're hooting and hollering. They're laughing. Some people are like yelling. Oh geez. Thank God nobody took any pictures. But this is like on full display for for everybody at this point. I'm trying to put my clothes on. Oh, he got at least his jeans on very quickly and stepped out of the vehicle. But of course the light turns on again. Oh God. So I'm like sitting There trying to cover myself. It was just so horrible.


Oh No. What happened? Yeah. Did someone drove their car into the back of the Range Rover? Yeah. So somebody was in a Chevy Tahoe I think it was. Or like a Suburban or something, and just straight up backed into the vehicle. Oh. Back in. And we just happened to be unlucky enough to be in there. At the time, the owner of the house didn't really care that much. We ended up going back to what we were doing. Oh, good for you, Les. What a good spirit. Yeah. Yeah. My favorite part of this story is fast forward two months maybe I have this best guy friend, we'll call him John. He ended up taking possession of that vehicle after it was repaired, obviously, and he didn't know anything about it.


One day we were in his car and he mentioned like who he had got the car from. I just busted out laughing because I'm like, oh my God, you know this car was in a car accident? And he's like, yeah, that guy bumped into his car. No big deal. It's repaired. And so I told him what happened. He was so pissed. But for the rest of our senior year of high school, I just would tease him about getting laid in his car. Oh God. That's fantastic. Oh, bring me back. Field parties. House parties. What a blast. Oh, I love that. You guys got back to it. Yeah, it's really impressive. Nothing Can stop a horny teenager. No, no. I hate this story, but also at the same time I'm like, oh, well That's a great story.


Yeah. Every time I listen to your prompts and I think about a story, I'm like, oh my God, maybe I've gotten myself into too much trouble for years. Well, let's get your sister in here. Give her one of your pods so we can meet her. Hello. Hi. What's your fake name? You're Rose. You actually, we assigned you a name and you didn't even know it. I Accept Rose. Are you a younger or older sister? Younger. It's so nice to meet you both. I can't believe I'm looking at both of you. You're in my ears all the time. Same with her. We talk about the podcast quite a bit. Oh, That makes us happy. So sweet. I love you both and I just adore you Dax, so much. I'm just happy I got to meet you guys and I'm glad that she had an embarrassing story that gave me the opportunity to meet you guys.


Well, you need to rack up some embarrassing stories so we can call back and talk to you about something That's right. Embarrassing. That's right. Yeah. Right. So nice to meet you both. Yeah, A pleasure. You too. All Right, have a lovely day. Take care guys. Bye. Can I tell you my favorite part of that story? Yeah. She did not have to tell us about the butt stuff. I know, I thought that too. I was glad. That makes me feel like, well, it definitely, she knows the name of the game here on the show. It's like we get the whole thing And it raised the stakes Big time. First time doing that, and then you get plowed into by the batch. I Love she liked it. Yeah. Yeah. That was great. She wanted to get back at it. I know. How fun. It's a life affirming story. Yeah, we love that. Oh, oh, good. Times out out there.


Good Times. Embarrassment is endearing. It's endearing, but it's a hard one. That's Your number one. It's hard episode. Was this a hard episode for you? Because that's your Achilles embarrassment. My mirror neurons were firing. You wanna remind everyone about when you walked into the glass One time I walked into a glass. Was it a glass door? It was just a door. Was there a door next to the glass and you just thought you could cruise through? You Didn't see the glass. I think, oh my god, I don't really Remember. God, what's great is that was a very seminal moment in your life and I can just vaguely remember. All I remember is that you were upset. Wasn't Mvac around for this. Yeah, we Were at Bob's show. Okay. But it was early days. I don't even know if we had done the podcast yet.


No, I was still not that comfortable with everybody. And it was the whole what is now the pod. Oh. And then I cried. Oh, cried in the car ride home. Oh no. Oh My. Because I'm such a failure. Oh, we love you If you crash into a million glass walls. Well, that would be, I think I should get some Some help If you running into the glass walls That often. Exactly. Alright. Alright. Love you. Love you. Do you wanna sing a tune or something? Have a theme song. Oh, Okay, great. We don't have a song for this new show. So here I go, go, go. We're gonna ask some random questions with the get some suggestions on the fly Rish on the fly.


R Enjoy.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


On January 5th, 2024, an Alaska Airlines door plug tore away mid-flight, leaving a gaping hole in the side of a plane that carried 171 passengers. This heart stopping incident was just the latest and a string of crises surrounding the aviation manufacturing giant Boeing. In the past decade, Boeing has been involved in a series of damning scandals and deadly crashes that have chipped away at its once Sterling reputation At the center of it all. The 7 37 max, the latest season of business wars explores how Boeing, once the gold standard of aviation engineering descended into a nightmare of safety concerns and public mistrust, the decisions denials and devastating consequences, bringing the titan to its knees and what, if anything, can save the company's reputation. Now, follow business wars on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge business wars, the unraveling of Boeing early and ad free right now on Wondery Plus.