
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm Buck Rogers and I'm joined by Gene Lightyear. Today is children's birthday parties run amuck. Well, you know, these children, they're wild, They're Terrible, and you just don't know what's gonna happen. Although a lot of these stories, the parents are terrible. You know this. Go good. Bounces back and forth. Nicely true. Please enjoy crazy birthday party stories.


We are supported by Liquid iv. You know, curiosity, it is the source of our livelihood. So I'm, it's, I'm quite fond of curiosity. Curiosity and staying engaged with the world and people around us fuels what we do on this show. However you explore life or find interesting people, fuel your journey with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv, powered by LIV Hydroscience. Visit liquid iv.com to explore flavors like the zest, new hydration multiplier, sugar free raspberry lemonade. I just had that on my bike ride. Mm. And use code Dax to save 20% off your first order. Break the mold and own your ritual. Just one stick and 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. And they're small in light, so they fit easily into any backpack, purse, diaper, bag, whatever you're using. Convenient, quick, and effective hydration. It just makes sense. Fuel your curiosity with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code Dax at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with Code dax@liquidiv.com.


We are supported by Addie Phin, the little, the little pink pill. Ask your doctor if the FDA approved little pink pill Addie is right for you. See full prescribing information, medication guide and boxed warning regarding severe low blood pressure and fainting in certain settings@ady.com slash pi. Or call 8 4 4 Pink Pill.


Come and go. Can you hear us? Yes, I can hear you. Can you hear me? Oh Yeah, fine. I don't know if anyone's ever sounded better. I like the setup. It looks profesh. This is one of those huge blankets. You remember those ads on Instagram a couple years ago? I didn't get targeted, but I'm surprised Me, like how big are we talking? Would it cover the, the whole floor of a bedroom? Huge. I got it from my husband for Valentine's Day. It's like four blankets in one. Oh wonderful.


Like 20 by 20 maybe or something. Yeah. And where are you? I'm in West Orange, New Jersey. It's like right outside New York City. That's my first time hearing West Orange. Me too. You'll be happy to know Monica. I can't say anything about the geography of it. I'm just learning of it. You can do whatever you want With your geography. Okay. Justin, you have a crazy children's birthday party story. I do, but first, 'cause if I forget, she'll kill me. My best friend Gia turned me on to you guys. Shout out Gia. She's a day one arm cherry. Aw, obsessed. Then during quarantine lockdown, I got into it and I fell in love obviously too. And then Monica, I started listening to when you were doing egg retrieval. My husband and I were going through the process as well to have our daughter, which we had her.


She's here. Aw, congrats. Congratulations. Thank you. But it was so helpful just to hear your experience with the egg retrieval. 'cause not just women who are doing it, but families like ours who can, could naturally, just to hear every detail of what you went through was really, really helpful. Thank You. Then Looking you up, I was like, she looks really familiar to me and I couldn't figure it out. And I lived in LA for 10 years. Oh, SoulCycle. I used to bartend at the Abbey for four years and I was like, did I maybe make her a drink at some Point? I think I've been to The Abbey once, so maybe you'd have a great memory. You must have been fucking slain bartending at the Abbey. Oh yeah. Were you just living your greatest life?


Yes. It was good that I got out, but this sort, this was 2003. I had just graduated from Mason Gross, which is the acting conservatory at Rutgers. So I was 23. I just moved to New York City. I was living in Astoria, Queens in this little closet that was a bedroom. And I was waiting tables at Hard Rock Cafe. Oh Yes. Great Nacho. Nice. I got a job there. I thought it would be cool. And they were like, you need New York experience to work here. So I lied. And so it was a Saturday night, super crazy busy. A lot of tourists come through, so the tips kind of suck. You're working with a constant feeling of rage. And I get sat with a birthday party. So it's the mom, the dad, and about eight, 10-year-old girls.


Oh, wow. So I approach the table and I'm like, lemme get this drink order. And via the drink order, I learn a few things. First is that this is a family of privilege. I mean, hard rock cafe birthday. Yeah, that's, That's a pricey. Yeah, you're, you're spending six, $700 for those little girls to have dinner Nachos. They brought these kids into the city for a night and they wanna impress the parents of these other little girls. The birthday girls got like full beat hair done. So I'm taking their drink orders. They're all like milkshake. They're talking down to me. The mom's like, these are the only chardonnays you have. And I'm like, well, Ken Bell Jackson's our top. And she's like, I guess that'll do. The dad's like beer. Keep it coming.


I'm like, he'll be on my side tonight. I come back and I'm like, let's get the appetizers Now in our pre-shift meeting, every shift, they sit us down and they're like, you must upsell. You must sell souvenir glasses. They threaten us to get good shifts and good sections. So I'm offering the jumbo combo, which is like the biggest appetizer. It's this big thing in the middle of spring rules, all the things around it, you know? So I'm like that and the nachos. I'm pushing all the best shit. Yeah. And they're like, yeah, order comes up and I'm in the back again and ready and it's busy. The waiters all running around and I'm like, I only have two hands. We're supposed to put on a separate plate, the guacamole and the salsa with little nap underneath. But I'm like, fuck it, I'm not doing that.


I put the salsa on the side, guacamole on the other side, got the jumbo combo and the nachos, and I come out to the table, put down the jumbo combo, and then I'm going to put down the nachos and I clear more space for 'em. And I'm like, I swear I put the salsa there with the guacamole. So I'm about to look at them and say, I'll be right back with your salsa. Meanwhile, I have like four other tables and I look at them and they're all just wide-eyed mouths dropped open. So I follow their eye line to the birthday girl who's seated right beneath me. Oh, okay. And the ramekin of salsa is on top of her Head. Oh damn. Oh, its on, it's actually on her hat. Like A hat? Like a hat. Oh Boy. So I dropped the nachos. I grabbed the ramekin with one hand. I scoop the salsa with the other hand and I bolt.


Oh. Oh, wow. Okay. Okay. And so I ran up to my friend in the back and I said, I just dropped the salsa on the fucking birthday girl's head. So I grabbed the little beverage naps that I was supposed to put on the plate. I run out there and the mom is standing up picking onion chunks, tomato. Oh Boy. And I come up, I'm scared to death this mother and I approach and I say, here's some napkins. And she slowly turns to me and says, could you bring a clean wet towel? Yeah, that feels Fair. In her defense, that probably was what was needed. Yeah, yeah. Because he's tiny now. They're not gonna do anything. I'm 23. I am panicked. I run to the back. I see my manager, I'm like, I dropped the sauce on the brick girl's head. Can you get a clean wet towel?


He gets it. I ring in the dinner. The rest of the meal goes off without a hitch. The birthday girl has stopped crying. They're laughing. Beautiful sight. The mom's drunk. The dad's drunk. Looking at like the rock and roll memorabilia. Now I'm feeling the spirit. I'm like, this is a great party. You know, I'm gonna make this up to our, so at the Hard Rock, we're supposed to do a big birthday announcement, like they want us to scream, get everyone's attention, make it rock and roll. I hated doing these things. I'd always pay the, give it the Mohawk five bucks to do it for me. Which is ironic 'cause you're in pursuit of performing. These are these weird contradictions we have. Right. But it Felt below you. Yeah. I Went to Mason's Gross School, the arts Like Exactly. But this birthday, I was doing it.


So I went to the back and I told the dessert woman, I was like, make this good extra whipped cream. And so this was in a large margarita glass plastic. What a restaurant. I wanna go so bad. I want all this. I don't care how bad I feel the next day. So It's a big brownie in the bottom, three scoops of vanilla ice cream, chocolate syrup, caramel whipped cream, cherry on top. I put the candle on top. I take it, I march out there, all their eyes light up. I'm like, get up. She's like, no, no, no, no, no. I'm like, get outta your seat. I pull her up myself. Oh Wow. Okay. I pull her chair up, I'm like, get up on your chair. Oh. She's like, oh my God. No. I'm like, get up on the chair. She gets up on the chair. Your Tongue changes. Get the fuck on the chair. Birthday girl.


This Is what they made us do. So I light the candle, I hand her the sundae, and I turn around, I face the restaurant and I yell, face attention. Rock cafe. They want us to do like, how's everyone doing tonight? Oh God. Show. Yeah. Crowd participation. Don't forget to check out the merch. We gotta get rid of some of these hats. Oh fuck. A double dip. Yeah. Attention Rock cafe. This is whatever her name is, birthday tonight. I want everyone on the count of three to say happy birthday, and there's a collective Gas again. Oh. And I was like, oh my God. No. So I slowly turn around and she's on her back. Oh, the chair is tipped backwards. Oh, okay. The Sunday's on her chest, her face, it looks like it exploded everywhere.


She's screaming, crying. All the girls are jumping up. The mother's looking at me like, you're fucking Dead. Yeah. You're literally the worst server ever. I look at the Dad And he's trying so hard not to laugh. Okay, good. He's blasted enough. He's seeing the humor in it. I Again, run away. I hope to get a wet towel this time. I go in the back, I find my manager and I say, can you please bring a clean wet towel? So I go out there trying to avoid eye contact, hoping they're cleaned up and someone's taking care of the check. And I feel a tap, tap, tap. And I turn around, it's the dad, and he slips me two 20. Oh. And he gives me a little nod. And so I said, well, I ruined her birthday, but I guess I made his night.


Wow. He's surrounded by all these little girls and this woman. And then he saw another man enter and have the same terrible luck he has. He's like, I know brother. He for you. I know what, what it's like to disappoint these gals. I do it daily. Here's 40 bucks. I see. That was really nice of him. And it's not like I was doing these things on purpose. Right, right. It's not your fault. She's got terrible balance. It is your fault that you made her stand up on that chair though. Well, I don't think the chair was the issue as much as do not hand her something that weighs a third of much as her body mass and put her in a precarious. It was one or the other. Either have her hold the dessert or get her up on the chair. But not both. I think These are the lessons we learn in life. You came out really unscathed.


I gotta say. Did mom sign the tip on the master bill? Did you get a pretty shit tip aside from the 40? What I do remember is that parties of six or more, they would include the tip. And that one, my manager was like, we're not including the tip. Oh, I'm surprised the meal wasn't free. Yeah. He probably comps the jumbo combo. Maybe that dessert that almost gave her a concussion. Thank God. The fucking thing was in a plastic. I know. Yeah. If you would've looked down there, there's blood everywhere. Oh, oh, Oh. Yeah. You could be telling a much different story. Exactly. Time that you murdered a 10-year-old at her birthday party. Different prompt. Exactly.


Thank you for that Story. Yes. Thank you, Justin. Thank You for having me. Can I go yell at my husband? Bring him in Here. Yes, course. Hi, what's your name? Mark. Are you from the uk? I'm British. Oh, Is this cutie pie? He also has a bit of a weird accent because she's raced by the two of us. Yes. God. She's half Jersey, half British. This is Laring Jean. Hi. Hey Monica. Hi Monica. Hi Bon. Hi. Well you guys, thank you guys. Congrats on this beautiful family. Yes, thank you All. Be well. Take care. Thanks for having me.


Yeah. Bye Bye. Nothing here than hearing your name from a A little Baby. Noah said it the other day and it was so Cute. He said Manka. Yeah. Does he say Monica or does he say Monica? No, no, no. It takes him a long, long time to get that middle syllable. That's a hard One because my kids did Monka a bit. Monka and Mama Ma. Mama ma. That was Delta. Yeah. Mama Ma. I wish this was a fact check. So I could tell you Delta's most recent story. Oh, I was saying in a nutshell, the Aarons are in town. She's not been around the three of us. She's just meeting Tyrell for the first time. I'm going to put her in bed last night. And she goes, dad, do you think Tyrell ever feels left out? And I said, oh, that's such a beautiful instinct to worry about that.


But I don't think so. We've been all really great friends for 35 years, and I think he's maybe a little shyer. And she goes, okay, did you ask him that or are you assuming that? And I go, fuck, I'm assuming it. Do you want to go ask him? And she goes, yeah, let's go talk to him. So we went downstairs. Oh my goodness. And the Aarons were downstairs watching tv and we said, Tyrell, can we ask you a question? And then we got this question out and he was like, oh my God, thanks for worrying about that. I have a relationship with each of them individually, and then when they're together, this new person emerges and I just enjoy watching and I'm glad I don't have to talk. So he just like walked through the whole thing. I was like, oh, thank God. I assume correctly. But she was right. I never asked him, but I assume that was the case. Oh, she's always looking out.


She's so empathetic. Yeah, She is. You know, I take her for her birthday. Yeah. To the reckless unicorn And target. Yeah. The year before that, we had lumped in Christmas and her birthday. And so Lincoln came, we all went this year. We didn't do that. And so I took her, and then on the way home, she said, do you take Lincoln on a shopping spree for her birthday? And I was like, well, no, I don't. Something that we just started for me and you, but maybe I should start doing that. And she was like, yeah, no. Instead of just being like, I get this special thing Like I would do. She's very rare. I know, but it makes me think, then I need to give you a shopping spree every day.


Like you deserve so many shopping. I Right, right.


We are supported by Addie. I know about Addie, the little pink pill, right? Yes, that's right. Addie is the FDA approved pink pill. Clinically proven to boost desire in certain premenopausal women who are bothered by a low libido. I love this. It's really nice that there's an option out there for women who are dealing with low desire. I like that. Addie's non-hormonal and created by a woman for women. Addie is helping women feel like themselves again. And that's really important. It really is. So arm cherries, If you libido, could use a little jumpstart. Addie's got you covered. Learn More@addie.com. That's A DDY i.com. Addie or flip Ansin is for premenopausal women with acquired generalized hypoactive sexual desire disorder, HSDD, who have not had problems with low sexual desire in the past, who have had low sexual desire. No matter the type of sexual activity, the situation or the sexual partner. This low sexual desire is troubling to them and is not due to a medical or mental health problem. Problems in the relationship or medicine or other drug use. ADDIE is not for use in children, men, or to enhance sexual performance. Your risk of severe low blood pressure and fainting is increased. If you drink one to two standard alcoholic drinks close in time to your ADDIE dose, wait at least two hours after drinking, before taking ADDIE at bedtime. This risk increases If you take certain prescriptions, OTC or herbal medications or have liver problems and can happen when you take ADDIE without alcohol. Or other medicines. Do not take if you're allergic to any of addie's ingredients. Allergic reaction may include hives, itching, or trouble breathing. Sometimes serious sleepiness can occur. Common side effects include dizziness, nausea, tiredness, difficulty falling asleep, or staying asleep. And dry mouth. See full PI and medication guide, including box warning@addie.com slash pi. Addie. That's a DDY i.com.


We are supported by Quince. Quince is one of our favorite apparel brands with luxury fabrics and finishes at affordable prices. Everyone I know is obsessed with Quince. Qui. Quince is amazing. I was gifted a incredible blanket. Ooh. From Quince, from Elizabeth and Andy. Oh wow. And it's so warm and soft and fuzzy and cute. Yeah. All their fabrics are so nice. You get the best of both worlds killer style at prices that don't break the bank. Quince has some great wardrobe staples, all at prices that are way less than similar brands. We're talking 50 to 80% less. This is a gift giver's like Paradise. Paradise, correct. Well, that's because Quince partners directly with top factories. So they cut out the cost of the middleman, and they also make sure the factories they partner with use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices so you can feel good about your purchase, indulge in affordable luxury. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


We are supported by Macy's. Do you have a special event coming up? Macy's is the perfect place to get a fresh suit or stunning dress for a spring wedding or other celebratory occasion. When a big day is on the calendar, you wanna look your best. And trying clothes on in the store really does help you find pieces that are guaranteed to look and feel incredible. I waste so much money and time by not trying things on and ordering them. It's so much better when I go and try it on first. I Love going to a store. You know that The selection of special occasion clothing at Macy's is next level. So you're sure to find pieces you will love. They've got a huge array of choices from the best suiting brands, including Calvin Klein, Tommy Hilfiger, Michael Kors, Hugo Boss, and B by Brooks. Plus this month they're having their men's semi-annual suit sale where you can score incredible savings. Men do this. Go do this because you're always like, oh no, I don't have a suit. When you need it, now's the time to get it. Have it in your closet. Be ready and Look. If online shopping is more your style, which I can relate to, you can get the same great deals at macy's dot com. Get ready to be voted best dressed at your next event. Shop now at macy's dot com or visit your local Macy's store.


Hello? Oh. Oh, wonderful. You're in a vehicle, Monica. I'm so sorry I'm not in the closet. No, you sound great. I worked from my car and I tried so hard to find a street that was extra quiet and for whatever reason today it's like the Audubon. No, you're fine. What job are you running out of your vehicle? I'm so interested. I am in wine sales. Ooh, There we go. So I have a trunk full of wine. I work for a distributor and I travel from account to account and sample them on wine and then bring home whatever doesn't get tasted. Oh, My Monica's backup dream job. I Right. I missed out. Wow. Yeah. You thought you had your dream job, but you don't. I guess I don't.


It's a wonderful gig. I will not lie. What state are you in? Actually, hold on. I'm gonna guess base Nothing more than, there are two buildings behind you that are clapboard and they look like they're from the 18 hundreds. So I'm going New England. I'm starting in New England. Are you a England? I'm going London. Old England. Yeah, I'm going England. I'm original England. That's you're correct, correct. I'm actually in Rhode Island. In Rhode Island. Wow. I don't think we get many Rhode Islanders. This is exciting. No, did you appreciate that one? That was fun. 'cause that's just a building in the background Because that blue door felt very London to me. It's The yellow and red house in the DBG. That's a giveaway. Wow. I'm actually right now pretty much on the Brown University campus because Brown takes up most of Providence.


So I'm on a really beautiful street that is just all old houses that a lot of students live In. Oh. If you run into any hot professors, send them my way. I'll send them your way. I was gonna tell you, I had a bone pick with you about Rhode Island having little brother energy. Oh, There you go. I forgot. It's about time. Let it rip. I've been really working on this for a while, wondering if I've ever had the opportunity To say it. Let's hear it. I deserve to be taken down a peg. I'm gonna go about it in a very nice way. Rhode Island is an incredible state. Born here, raised here. I moved away. I most recently moved back from Austin, Texas. Rhode Island is very, very special. There's more coastline here. It's sunny. So give it a chance. I Will. From what I'm seeing, it looks beautiful.


Yeah. I mean, little brothers are beautiful. Okay. You have a crazy birthday party story. I do. My story takes place in 2005. It was my 12th birthday party. Fun fact. My birthday is on Halloween, which means that every year I get to have cake candy and I get to dress up and I get to do something Halloween related, and it's really wonderful. This year in 2005, my family was actually in the middle of a move. So my stepdad had built my family a house that was gorgeous and it looked like a big old red barn from the outside. So when you walk in, the ceiling shot up 27 feet. Ooh. And the second floor started in the middle of the house.


So If you were on the second floor, you could yell down to the first floor and have a conversation. So the acoustics were crazy in the house. However, around this time, my mom decided she wanted to move. She wanted to live on a real farm. We had found a farm. We moved out of our old house, but we hadn't closed a deal yet. So we still owned the house. There was no furniture in it. So I decided for my birthday this year that I wanted to take all of my friends, a group of nine 11 year olds up to Salem, mass. Salem, Massachusetts is known, particularly around Halloween time because it's where the Salem witch trials took place during Halloween. There haunted houses and mock witch trials and wax museums and ghost tours and all of this fun stuff.


Something that I loved at 11, probably not my group of friends idea of fun at the time, especially when they were about two hours away from home and not with their parents anywhere. I was very lucky. My friends agreed. They all came. But then we had a sleepover afterwards back at my old house, which was entirely empty with the exception of a television. All of my friends brought sleeping bags with them. It's a little creepy. There were some really funky features in the house that my stepdad had built in. Like he put an old confessional from a church in the house that was used as a coat closet. Oh, Cool. Interesting. My mom had a giant wrought iron gate that was the entrance to her office area. So just some like really funky.


When you get back from a haunted night of things and you're 11 years old in a vacant pitch black house. It's things that can freak you out a little. So it's about 10 o'clock at night. All the girls are starting to go to sleep. I fall asleep very quickly. I have a tendency to do that. My mom decided to go sleep in a back bedroom in a sleeping bag while all the girls slept in a sleeping bag in the front area of the house. Everyone's falling asleep. About two girls were left awake. So now it's like three o'clock in the morning and they're just having fun and all of a sudden they hear thunder, which was really weird because there was no rain or nothing happening in the forecast that would call for thunder. So they didn't think anything of it. Then the thunder starts to get a little bit louder then. Then they start to hear creaking floorboards, and they're like, that's really strange, because there's nobody in the house other than us and nobody's upstairs because the creaking floorboards were coming from upstairs.


Then they start to hear very loud footsteps. Oh, oh. At this point in time, they start to lose their minds. They run to get my mom, who is six months pregnant at the time. Oh, Jesus. So they rented my mom and they wake her up and they're like, Dina, Dina, there's something happening. We're hearing these noise. And my mom's like, you know what? Go back to sleep. You guys got freaked out. We went and did all this haunted stuff. So they go back and a few minutes goes by and they're hearing more. Then it evolves and they start hearing chains rattle. Then they start hearing little kids singing. So at this point, both of them are absolutely in hysterics. So they go back and they get my mom and they shake her. As my mom sits up, she kind of starts to hear what's going on. So she comes into the main area of the house.


The other girls start to wake up. The sounds are continuing. Now they're hearing wolves. Then they're hearing a woman singing children any What The fuck town you can possibly think Of. Oh my God, My mom is hearing all of this as well. My mom is in a panic. All the girls are crying. My friend Jenna's down on her knees saying her, our father, one girl pee her pants. It's just utter chaos. So this goes on for about 15 minutes. I'm sleeping through this entire thing. My mom grabs her Nokia phone and calls my stepdad and is rushing to tell him what's going on and he can't breathe. He's laughing so hard. Okay. So she's like, what is going on?


Do you know what's happening? Do you not hear me? By the time he can finally breathe again, he tells her that he rigged a tape in the upstairs closet of the house to go off at three 30 in the morning. That was all Halloween sounds because he wanted to play a prank on all of the girls. Oh, Wonderful. He Did. Oh my God. He did this on purpose. He's a rascal. This house he built is so weird. And now this, And where he placed, it was in the hall upstairs. So the acoustics in the house were in a way that, because it was in the hall closet, the whole house echoed with the noise. So needless to say, I had a lot of friends that were not allowed to hang out with me for a very long time.


H it. Oh no. My stepdad had to come and pick up one girl to bring her home at four o'clock in the morning because she was inconsolable. Yeah. How are they gonna go back to sleep after this? I know. Even if it's explained to me at that age, I then go, well, this family's crazy. I don't want to be here taking it home. Ghost or no ghosts. These folks are nuts. It was absolute mayhem. And the kicker is that his original plan was their big glass windows in the house. He was gonna have our neighbor come with a bloody mask and a chainsaw. Oh and bang on the window. Oh my God. He thought it was your 16th birthday party, not your, he got a little confused on your age. Yeah, he got overly excited.


Oh, I hate to say Little Brother Energy, But that Oh no. You think it reaps a little? I'm Kidding. I'm kidding. Oh, how fun. That's definitely Big Brother Energy. No, it's very over The top to fuck with. It's over the top. Monica is a no. She's a very fluid definition of Big Brother Energy. Okay. We'll take whatever comes our way. No, you sounds fun. Thank you guys so much. I really appreciate the opportunity, Allie. You're doing life. So nice to meet, to meet you. And I'm so jealous of where you're at. I want a trip to Rhode Island. I do too. I wanna be proven wrong. Come check it out. And Monica, I just wanna tell you, I listened to Race to 35 all during my pregnancy. The episodes were coming out every week, and it actually inspired me to Redownload 23 and me and I had not checked it in years.


Within a 48 hour period of time, my family found out that my mom had a brother. And Oh my God, lives in Rhode Island. He has daughters my age. We are now incredibly close with them. Spend holidays with them. Wow. Wow. And it wouldn't have been without race for 35 for downloading it again and checking into it. Oh my gosh. That's two In a row, girl. Thank you. I'm so glad. Thank you very much. All right. Nice meeting you. Bye bye. Hi Te, how are you? Hello. I'm good. How are you? D Signed your shirt In BFAW. Yes. And what grocery store were you at? I was at Sprouts in Nashville. Oh, okay. Our last stop. Yes. And you met my little baby.


Yes. We met so many babies on that trip. I Know. I saw Little Baby Tour. The only thing you were robbed of. Not that you would've given a shit, But that was the only stop we made that we weren't driving the bus. I drove around the parking lot to see if the bus was there and was a little sad, but you know, it's fine. Yeah, that's fair. I had parked it in the barn and I didn't want to deal with trying to find parking for it. Were you someone who got a picture that Lincoln took? No, but I got to meet Ruthie. We love Ruthie. Shout out. Shout Out Ruthie. Yes. Yes. Okay. So you have a crazy birthday party story. I do. It was March 1st, 2003. It's in Nashville where I currently am At. Can I stop you? We've heard three stories and they've all been 20 years ago, or 22 years ago.


It's very interesting. It's true. I was seven. I was going to my very first ice skating rink birthday party. Super nervous, super excited. And it was towards the end of open Skate right before we were about to get off the ice for cake and presents. I was gonna show my mom how good I had gotten at ice skating. I had picked one of my friend's moms, her name's Betsy, and we were skating around the rink and it felt like we were going lightning speed. And all of a sudden I fall and we were holding hands at the time, fall kind of in front of her. And because we're going lightning speed, she can't stop. So she runs over my fingers. Ah. With her ice skate stop.


Also, I'm gonna add seven years old's pretty young for skating. Tell that to Michelle Kwan. Well, I won't because she's so good. But I imagine kaisei skating right now. It's not like anyone's super agile yet. You have to start young If you wanna be good. I will say most of us were gymnasts, so there's a little more agility there. Yeah, sure. Standard deviation above. I didn't know this had happened because I am high on life. I'm the best ice skater that there is at this point. You didn't feel it 'cause you were in shock Probably. Yeah. We go to the bathroom and my mom starts trying to wash my hands to kind of see the cut. That's when I noticed obviously the blood and I was like, let's not do this anymore. 'cause it's just pouring more blood outta my hand. Ah. She's like, okay.


So she grabs my hand again really tight, lifts it up above the heart and takes it to the counter with a bunch of teenagers asking for the first aid kit. They do their best. They wrap it up really tightly. Thankfully, the hospital was only about five minutes down the road. So they get me back and they stitch me up and my mom likes to tell everybody that. I always said, no more numbing medicine. Just get the stitches in me because the numbing medicine hurts far worse than the stitches do. Yes. I've had a lot of stitches in my life and none of the cuts hurt. But man, when they swirl around that needle to get it to swell up so they can get the sutures in, that is murder. Yes.


We are supported by Vital Proteins. Have you heard of Vital Proteins? Collagen Peptides? It's a supplement that has four benefits all in one, helping support healthy hair, skin, nails, bones, and joints. Because after 30, our body's natural collagen production can start to decline by 1% a year aging. It is coming for us. All. The loss of collagen may lead to the appearance of fine line, saggy skin in your bones and joints not moving like they used to. That's where Vital Proteins comes in. By taking collagen peptides daily, you can help support your hair, skin, nail, bone, and joint health. It's an easy addition to your daily routine. And Vital Proteins is the number one brand of collagen peptides in the us. I've been using this product for quite some time. Way before it was a sponsor. And your collagen's looking great. I've commented on it. You have, and I'm post 30, so it's time. You are, yes. Get 20% off by going to vital proteins.com and entering promo code Dax at checkout. That's Vital proteins.com promo code DAX for 20% off. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


We are supported by better help. Support systems are so important The most. Some would say, yeah, I have a just a slew of people I rely on. Yeah, Me too, Tom Hansen. I'm talking to you. In a society that glorifies hyper independence, it's easy to forget that we're all better when we have a support system behind us. Therapy can be a source of support for any area of your life. It's time to shift the focus from doing it all to knowing we're better when we ask for help. I have a very hard time asking for help. Yeah. Therapy's great. We all, I mean, we can't really say it enough. We love it. Swear by it. Yeah. Look forward to it. The best part about Better Help is it's fully online, which helps make therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide, access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. And you can easily switch therapists anytime at no extra cost. Build your support system with better help. Visit Better help.com/dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help HE lp.com/dax.


Thankfully, other than my skin being cut, no ligaments or tendons were damaged. Oh, I was very fearful. Your little 7-year-old fingers were gonna be on the rain. Me too. And just laying there. And this won't have to collect them. Luckily they're already on ice. That's helpful. But then another few skaters come by and they chop it up even smaller. Right. It started as half a finger. Now these start Muzzling it together. Well, the fingernail goes on The end. These are Frankenstein situation. I have the fingernail. Let's start there. A finger puree on the ice. Oh, I can't believe you still have your fingers. And she felt terrible. Can you imagine? No. Running over a little child's fingers with ice skates on. I would be more panicked than the kid Every time we go ice skating.


Now, anytime someone falls, I immediately clutch my own hands. Yeah, Sure. Wow. Have you done a lot of ice skating since then? More in my adult years. It took me probably about seven years after that before I went ice skating again. Ended up falling and falling on my head. Oh. Then it took another several years before I got back on the ice skating. Okay. I don't think it's for you. Might Not be your sport. Yeah. Do you ever get fucked up in gymnastics? I broke something that was my career ending injury, but it wasn't that bad. It was just a fractured ankle. I was already phasing out. You Knew you weren't going to that next level. Oh no. I'm a c plus gymnast at best. Okay. Monte, did you ever break anything? No. I ripped my hand stringing. That's the worst thing that's happened.


But not a full sever, like a Tear. I wasn't allowed to go to the doctor because I had to compete, and they would've said I can't. But I heard it rip. It was really bad. But no breaks. I think I'd rather have a broken bone than a ripped ham. I agree. Well, Taylor, it's nice to see you again. It's Nice to see you again. It's nice to meet you, Monica. Yes. So nice to meet you. Can I give a shout out to my friend? Yes. Of, of Course. Claire. We started working together a couple years ago and she recognized this sweatshirt and she goes, are you an armchair? Oh. And I said, I sure am. And it kickstarted our friendship. That's our Dream. Love the community. Yeah. Our dream is that people see each other in the wild and then become friends.


Yeah. I love that is She's so cool like you. She is the coolest. All Our Cher are Are are. All right. Well give her our love and great seeing you. Thank you. Have a have a day. Take care. Bye. Hi. Is this Ariana? It is. This is a big year for my name. Oh, it's short. Oh, that's right. Is that a common name growing up or no? No. My parents picked it out of a book. They got outta a garage sale. Oh, wow. Wow. Probably an outdated baby names book. Yes, definitely. I've seen the book. It's falling apart. Oh, I thought they found a book at a garage sale and the character's name like yours. Right. I went straight to baby naming, but outdated. 'cause it's at a garage sale. That's fine. Yeah. I think that's the way to do it.


Where did you grow up? Northern New Jersey. I am in upstate New York now. Which Is better. That's hard. Better bagels in New Jersey. Oh, oh, Oh, Oh, oh. You're gonna start a Beef, a bagel. Brawl. New York City bagels are better, but upstate bagels don't really exist. They're Bon. Oh, interesting. What's the vibe where you're at? Is it rural? I live about 25 minutes south of Saratoga Springs. If you've ever been, Haven't been, but I know this is where all the people vacationed in the Gilded Age. The camps were there and stuff. Actually, the Gilded Age is filmed near me. Oh, It's Oh, fun. Okay. So you have a crazy birthday party story. Yes. So I should start by saying I am like a type A kind of mom.


My friends are always like, why do you go so hard? You're making us look bad. So I always have made my kids' birthday invitations. I have two daughters, eight and five, and I'll put a silly little photo of them with some graphic. So last year was my daughter's eighth birthday and eight, I'm sure you know Dax. They're starting to get a little sassy and have their own own personality. And she wanted her party at the bowling alley. We're big kids now. No parents to hang out by us. Yeah, because I made the invitation, and I'm also a little, at this point, exhausted from RSVP etiquette. Not existing anymore. Oh. No one wants to chase down the parents in the classroom that you don't actually know like, ah, you're coming, are you not?


So I decided to do an Evite, which I've never used Evite before this time, but I had received them. So I sign up for Evite. I upload the invitation that I made. And I'm also weird about importing contacts. I have old bosses in my phone, like people I don't wanna text. So here I am manually uploading each number and I put 'em in. I send the invite out, I start getting some RSVPs. I'm like, okay. That went great. The next day, I at the time was working in corporate radio. My life though, because I was corporate, was all day on camera in meetings, can't pick up my phone. And I see someone's calling me a number. I don't know. So definitely not picking up.


I ignore it. Then they call again. I ignore it. I'm in a meeting at the time. So I've ignored two calls. I see. They left a voicemail. Then I see. I get a text, the same number. And I can't look at my phone, but I can glance and all I see is officer da, da da. Oh. So at this point, I tell the people in my meeting, I'm so sorry, I just have to pick this up quick. Some officer keeps calling me, but I made the mistake of just muting my sound and not my camera. Oh. I pick up and he says, this is parole officer such and such. I'm calling because I need you to confirm that you intended to send an invitation to one of my parolees. Oh No. Weird. One of the kids' parents in school.


That's where my head went first. Like one of the moms or dads. Yeah. Yeah. And let's be honest, the moms, I'm sure that's whose numbers you had. That's more exciting to think one of the moms is an ex-con than the Dads. Yeah. What'd they do? So I'm still on camera, but I turned to go to my other screen and I pop open invite, and I ask him for the number he thinks I texted and then I see it. I put a six instead of a seven on the end. So then I ask, who did I text? Are they coming to my party? And the officer tells me that I texted one of the most violent, vicious child sex offenders. Oh My God. Oh my God.


So this was a typo. This is His dream fucking invite to a kid's Birthday. And he's like, I was invited. Yes. A bowling alley. There's alcohol. This is like the dream scenarios. He Hit the jack. Oh my. Yeah. So at this point I start crying. I am a mess. And I just raced to hang up my meeting. And I just figured I'd tell them later what happened. I go into a panic asking all the questions, saying all the things you just said. First of all, the number that called is my area code. So this officer was in my area code, which means that this person lives about two hours drive away. Which is drivable. Yeah. It's come to my party. Yeah. Yeah. The next place my mind went was the invitation, which I did send you a copy.


Oh, okay. My gorgeous daughter's on it. Oh no. Okay. Time for me to take. Oh boy. Okay. Yep. It's Zoe's eighth birthday. And Zoe's being very sassy in the photo. She's so cute. She's got hands on hips. If I were this violent pedophile even, I would be smart enough to go, this feels like entrapment. Clearly. The government's running a sting on me. I'm worried about her picture mostly. Yes. I didn't send you the town we live in, but it was on it. And when you open the evite, it has date, time, address. Like my phone number, my email. Yeah. Oh, You're inviting this monster into your world. Thank God though it wasn't a party you were throwing at your house. That's true. Where your mind went Dax, though, is actually what happened.


So the officer told me that the reason he even found out about this is that the parolee did believe it was a sting. Of course. Well, Look, you're a convicted fucking offender and you get this sassy invite to an eight year old's birthday. This is entrapment. Okay. But if he did go, would he be in trouble since he was invited? That's a great question. I'm sure he's not allowed to be within X amount of feet of a school. Right. And a playground. But I don't know about a bowling alley or a birthday party. Right. So I did get some more details on the man because at this point I'm spinning outta control. The officer's trying to calm me down. But also, he's an officer, so he can't just be like, nah, everything's fine.


He tells me that truly he committed so many crimes in four or five states to the point where he's about an 80 something year old man. He has lived most of his life in prison. Oh. Oh, wow. God. And he's at the end of his day. So he's ready to get back out there. I don't, well, this is a bigger and dicier question. Okay. I'm curious because we often hear rapes not a crime of sex. It's a crime of control. I don't know what mentally is going on with the pedophilia world, but you would imagine as someone's sexual desire declines with age as happens, does that all go away? Or is it still such a mental sickness?


Good question. Is it even related to your sexuality? I don't know. We'd have to ask this gentleman. Well, I shouldn't call him a gentleman. He's, if there's anyone we can not call a gentle He's monster. Yeah. Yeah. I've never heard an officer talk this way, but he started saying, I don't believe in punishment, but I believe this man deserves punishment. Like it's disgusting what he's done. And then he gave me his name and a photo. He encouraged me to look up what he had done. Oh my God. It was bad. And you did, you went down the rabbit hole of his crimes Very hard. I stand by the decision to give you the photo because you wanna keep your eyes peeled at the party. Yes. And this officer was a little funny. He said to me, I don't think you have to worry because of his age, he can't really drive.


He can't really see that. Well, he does have an ankle monitor. He's not allowed to leave his house. But make no mistake, If you do find yourself in a room with him, you are engrave danger. Oh my God. Wow. He's kind of the jinxy. Yeah. Bob Durey. Yeah. And you think like he is 80. It is fine, but it is not fine. Apparently he doesn't even really understand phones. 'cause he was in prison so long. So he actually never saw the photo of my daughter. But he did see the words. You are invited to Zoe's eighth birthday party. This Is a fucking bizarre turn of events. It's Yeah, that totally is. The officer offered. 'cause he could sense he was not gonna put me at ease to geolocate the person the day of the party.


I was like, can you just send a whole troop here to the balling alley, but then realize that might be much, I hang up with him. That's the plan. Text him day of. But then I face this super serious moral dilemma of do I tell the parents who are coming to the party? Listen, I don't think so. Did You? For the most part? No. So they'll hear it on this podcast. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's no reason to unleash all, scare everybody. Fear among them scare everybody. Is it gonna help make the situation safer? No. No. It's Gonna ruin my daughter's party. They Might even not bring their kids. There's already a cop involved. Did You consider moving the location? Yes. But I would've had a lot of questions. Yes. And again, RSVPs were already hard to get.


I did tell the friend of mine whose number I messed up, I was like, this is how important it is to be careful when you write your phone number. And she laughed. But day of the party came and I woke up and I said, officer, blah, blah, blah. I texted, I would like you to geolocate. Thank you. And about 25 minutes later, he wrote back and said, I have located him. He is at his residence. Have a great party. Exclamation point. Oh my God. Wow. That's a great also cautionary tale. I want your friend now to receive a text intended for him. That's what's exciting. Oh, interesting. It's one number off. She should like keep her eyes peeled for some suspicious meetup.


True. She could say the day she would be double agent day. Yeah. She could alert the police. Wow. Well, Ariana, I'm really sad I missed this party because it does look like a blast. Was it a great party? You know, I wasn't allowed to really talk to her. Sure. She's cool. I think she had a good time this year even. She's turning nine next month and she just said she doesn't wanna party. She just wants to chill with three friends. Oh, cool. Smoke a little weed chop on Netflix. Well, thank you so much for sharing that. Thank You so much. I've been listening since the first episode. This is the most exciting thing that ever happened. Aw. Oh, wonderful. Thank you for sticking with us. Yes, of course. All right. Take care. Bye. Oh, pedophiles.


That's a bummer. We have pedophiles. Yeah. It really is a bummer Of all the fucking peculiar human I know antics. That one is like, oh fuck. It really is. And I feel bad for them. I do too. What a fucking terrible experience on planet Earth. Ugh. Happy birthday everybody. It's your birthday. Happy, happy birthday. Did you have a crazy birthday story? I had a really fun fondue party for my Sweet 16. Oh, you did? Oh, that's nice. It was nice. The only One I remember is I got to go to McDonald's once and I got to invite like three kids from my neighborhood. And I invited Betsy Goodwin, who I had a crush on, and I got some present. My mom would remember the details more 'cause she really didn't like her after this.


Oh. And she said she would marry me if I gave her one of my presents and I did. Oh, And then she didn't marry you? No, we got married. We were divorced. Oh. She was like, She did the right thing. She stuck to her prom. I used to be a real patsy. A putts. Well, you really swung in the other direction. I really did. Okay. All right. Goodbye. Love you. Bye. Do you wanna sing a tune or something? We have a theme song. Oh, okay, great. We don't have a song for this new show. So here I go, go, go. We're gonna ask some random questions with the, we'll get some suggestions on the fly Rin Dish on the fly.


Rin Dish. Enjoy.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Imagine this, you help your little brother land a great job abroad. But when he arrives, the job doesn't exist. Instead, he's trapped in a heavily guarded compound, forced to sit at a computer and scam innocent victims all while armed guards stand by with shoot to kill orders. Scam factory. The explosive new True Crime podcast from Wondery exposes a multi-billion dollar criminal empire operating in plain sight, told through one family's harrowing account of sleepless nights, desperate phone calls and dangerous rescue attempts. Scam Factory reveals a brutal truth. The only way out is to scam their way out. Follow Scam factory on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of Scam Factory early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.