
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm Dan Shepherd. I'm joined by Monica Padman and Aaron Weekly. This is a fucking nuts episode. We shouldn't put it out and you shouldn't listen to it. Yeah. It'ss Wild. This is first responders, and we did hear a story that rivals the very worst of stories we've ever heard. You can't listen to it. It's you just like Absolutely cannot listen To it.


It's fucking insane. Yeah. I'm thinking of the thing. Me too, when she described her Walking. Yeah, me too. Me too. Me too. It's wild. It's fucking wild boy. First responders. I mean, you know, they see it all, but they see more than you think They see. I'm Sorry. You guys aren't gonna be able to listen. Yeah, don't enjoy. Yeah. First responders Can't eat. Can't drink. Can't operate a vehicle. You have to be in a padded room to listen to this with nothing sharp around. Don't enjoy first responders.


We are supported by Quince. Something about the weather warming up makes you want to get outside and go somewhere new, doesn't it? It's the spring travel itch. Oh my gosh. It's Spring break is upon us. Whether you're in school or not, you should still take a spring trip. Yes. I'm taking the girls to Hawaii. If you've got spring break, travel plans of your own, get where you're going in style by treating yourself to a first class quality suitcase at an economy price with Quince. Quince has premium luggage options and durable duffel bags to carry it all. We've told you before about how we love our apparel from Quince. So many cute things. The cashmere, it's so soft. Beautiful sweater. But also I have these knives from Quince. Oh, that are incredible. They do have really, really, really high-end products. They're the greatest. So you can get ready to head out with your quince luggage and stuff it with some fresh outfits from Quince and look amazing on your trip too. They've got it all. For your next trip, treat yourself to the Lux upgrades you deserve from quince. Go to quince.com/tax for 365 day returns, plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/dax.


We are supported by Addie Banin, the little pink pill. Ask your doctor if the FDA approved little pink pill Addie is right for you. See full prescribing information, medication guide and boxed warning regarding severe low blood pressure and fainting in certain settings@adi.com slash pi. Or call 8 4 4 Pink Pill. Come and go. Gotta know.


Hi. You have fun, fun stuff behind you. Yeah. What's happening? You know, biz quick fallout. I stream video games on Twitch. We got kind of a breakfast theme going on. 'cause my name is Breakfast Bot on there. What is it? Breakfast Bot. Breakfast Bot. BOD. Oh. Breakfast Bot. Oh, I love it. I was about to say, this looks like a show. It looks fun. Where do You live? I'm in Charleston, South Carolina. Oh gosh. Yeah. I kind of wanna live there. Do you love it? I like it. But we're full so don't move here. Oh, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, I know you guys are like not into it. Although, who was just telling us that lives there, that they like Californians. I think it was another Armchair Anonymous person. They had some distinction between what groups they liked.


Okay. So you have a First Responder story. Sure thing. I've got two fun facts though for Dax. Real quick if we have time. Oh yes. Yeah, we do. Dax, you and I have the same birthday, January 2nd, J two C. Congratulations. Every time you say it, I'm like, yep. Let's go J two C. And we both have kids named Lincoln. Oh. Oh, you have a boy or a girl? A boy named Lincoln. Yeah, he's nine. Before I was a fan of the show and everything, so Yeah. Do you wanna show your tattoo? I doubt I can. Yeah. I need a good look so I can get my matching one too. Yeah, Exactly. J two C. What a crew. Some people are just born blessed. Some People are a two four V and that's cool. Oh, what a, actually it's cool Because A 20, actually, it's really cool. Oh, okay.


It only works if you have another. There's no other A 24 V. I know so many people born on my birthday. On your birthday. But it's the July 2nd cancer that makes J two C so elusive. April 24, I guess you could be. Yeah. But what's the sign for April? Not v Fuck. Visa. Only count All Christian. Sorry we ate up so much of your time with that. You're good, you're good. Okay. Hit us with the First Responder story. It was 2018. I worked EMS from 2015 to 2021. So a little bit about the geographics of my county. The lower half is lots of cities, high population. The upper half is very country, very rural. Everything is far apart. So we've already got an Xfinity ta.


We get dispatched to a motor vehicle accident, which is a very common call. You know, neck and back pain type of stuff. We don't get very many details on this call. We're just going in blind. When we get there, the first thing we see is a car with very heavy damage. It's in a ditch next to a tree line, and it's got smoke coming out, glass broken everywhere. I mean, it looks like a movie set. Oh no. Police are already there. No, so that's the weird thing. We show up. There's nobody there. I mean, it's dead silent. But the weirdest part is that there's no caller typically. There's at least a caller. I guess this was just a passerby. When I say it's dead silent. I mean you can hear the squirrels in the tree line. That's about it. We go up to the vehicle expecting to find a patient.


We don't see anyone. We're looking around. I'm looking down the street, I'm looking under the car, I'm looking in the car. We're just trying to find this person. 'cause they could obviously be very, very hurt. Me and my partner are very confused. We can't find this guy. So we're asking dispatch for additional information and I keep hearing this damn squirrels in the tree. Oh No. I look up and 15 feet in the air. I see my patient being suspended. Oh, by two tiny branches. Oh My God. Oh my God. And he's out cold it seems. I immediately look at my partner and I say, oh fuck, he's dead. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Which is not very professional, but that's what happened. Sure, yeah, of course. Yeah. Desperate times.


Immediately we're like, what are we gonna do? Luckily fire shows up two minutes later they're asking where the patient is and we just kind of point up. Now there's no protocol for getting a guy out of a tree. We just reached for the largest ladder on the truck, ended up against the tree. I think these ladders are made for like one guy, maybe two guys at a time. So weight distribution was kind of iffy. But we ended up creating like a human pyramid under the ladder with all the guys we could. While me and my partner climbed up there with our gear. How come they didn't send the firefighter up? It feels like that's their domain. I Volunteered. I wanted to be up there. Okay, okay. Okay. So I went up there and we packaged him as best we could.


We lifted his legs and we slid a backboard under his belly between his belly and the branches. We had to slide him face down onto the backboard, get a collar on him as best we could strap him in, and then basically create a human chain to slide him down the ladder. Oh my God. This seems impossible without losing him and him flying down the ladder and taking people out. Yeah. And keep in mind, he's also very injured. He's hardly breathing at this point. Oh god. So when we do finally get out there and get him looked at, we can obviously smell the booze he had been drinking and driving. We get him down, we get him onto the stretcher, and then we start our assessment and everything.


We immediately call for a helicopter, a medivac, because again, we're out in the country. It's about 25, 30 minutes to the nearest trauma center. We get fired, set up an LZ landing zone. His breathing started declining very drastically. So we have what's called a rapid sequence intubation. RSI. I've only assisted in maybe three RSIs in the five years that I was working there. It's very invasive. Basically what we do is we give them a paralytic and a sedative and we put them in a medically induced coma. We stop their breathing and we have to intubate them. Ooh, This has gotta be a hard call to make. Yeah. It's not done lightly, but when we do it, we do it right. So we get 'em intubated, we drive him to the lz, the helicopter's waiting for us, and then we turn 'em over to the flight team.


They take their report and of course he's transported to the nearest trauma facility. As far as his injuries afterwards, he ended up having a massive brain bleed when we showed up. I didn't see a big hole in the windshield. I think he was ejected out of the driver's side window. Oh My God. As the car was rolling. And how did he get that high up fucking momentum? Well, think if you were on a seesaw and the seesaw went up at 60 miles an hour, because that's how fast the cars probably. I would just think you tumbling get slowed down by your body getting out of the window. I've seen a lot of videos of people getting thrown out of vehicles. 'cause dumb asses that off road, don't wear a seatbelt. Oh, and I've seen that a bunch. It's crazy how easily the body just flies out the window. I Think he was probably less injured because he was drunk.


They say that when you're drunk, your body's more relaxed. Not telling anyone to go drunk dropping. No, don't do it. But if you're mid crash, do drink a fifth of Jack really quick. This Is very er. This is very the pit. I love it. Love it. I mean, I'm sorry for that guy. Don't you like how gangster Christian is? Like, I like these EMTs. They're just like, let's get going. Yeah. That's what The job is. You RSI. And you stopped doing it though. Yeah, I went into business for myself in 2021. So now I'm self-employed and that allows a lot of freedom for me to do Twitch. I probably stream about 80 hours a month. That's a Lot. You're busy now. Have you ever been anywhere post this career? And some shit's gone down and you've gotta get involved.


Yeah. Much like you. I feel like I have a hero complex. I wanna get in there when I wanna pull over. But luckily my wife is reasonable and says, listen, you can see them. They're good. No heroes needed. Oh wow, Christian. Well thanks for sharing that. Yeah, that's Wild. What a thing. Great meeting you. Have A great rest of your day. All right. Take care. Take care. Bye bye. I don't want anyone to have hero complexes, but I also get it. Yeah, because It is attractive when someone's a hero. Of course. I just watched an episode of er, George Clooney rescued this boy. He was stuck in a like sewer tunnel and then it was starting to flood and he was starting to pass out.


He got him out just in time and he, but then the water rushes and he can't find him. And then he finds him and he lifts him up and he's a hero. Hi. Hi. Is it Eliza? It's Eliza. Where are you? I am actually in LA in Culver City. Oh, Monica was just stranded there. That's where I met Ted, my AAA driver, who is an angel. I do feel guilty because we haven't reconnected. I haven't called him lunch. Yeah, you're gonna have to for the arm cherries. 'cause they were pretty invested in that. Yeah. Oh my God. There was a lot of people wanting an update when you guys have lunch all and get married. Oh, okay. And have a Family. Oh great. Okay.


If you could just send us screenshots and you know, post those, that would be great. Any live stream. That lunch. Okay. So you have a First Responder story. I Have a First Responder story that takes place here in la and the reason I moved out here is because my boyfriend and I were doing long distance between LA and New York for three years. He will feature heavily in this story. This story takes place August of 2024. I am not a trained First Responder. My boyfriend is not a First Responder. We stumbled into becoming first responders for an emergency. I'm not an adrenaline junkie in the way that I wanna step in. I shut down. You don't have a hero complex.


Absolutely not. So last summer, my cousin, who is a musician, was having a choir concert with his group downtown. And my boyfriend and I decided to go. I work sometimes from downtown LA so I'm familiar with downtown proper, but not all of the neighborhoods. So this was somewhere that I'd never visited before. We are driving around looking for parking. And you guys know how horrific parking in LA can be. This is more of a residential area, though We can't find anything. We're turning down all these side streets. We finally are on a side street that looks promising. So we're going kind of slowly along to try to see whether there's any spots. I'm driving my boyfriend's in the passenger seat. There's a nice silver BMW and it's front window and back windows are smashed in and there's little licks of flame on the front hood.


Oh. And then notice there's two men near the car on the side of the road. One standing shouting over the other one who is now rolling on the ground. And I'm clocking. Clothes are on the ground. Fire is now on the lawn. Oh no. And I don't know at this point if this is a hate crime, if there's an attack. This is happening within like 0.5 seconds. We notice, okay, this man is on fire. My boyfriend, who was an emergency responder in college. Oh. Oh wow. That's helpful. Goes back into full hero mode. I shut down.


So he gets outta the car. He's like, call 9 1 1. I'm gonna go assess the situation. The man who was standing over is kind of standing to the side. There's gasoline. And the man who was rolling on the ground has now stood up two things. I clock immediately. He is fully naked. Oh yeah. And covered basically in third degree burns. Oh wow. Oh my God. There's a can of gas in the mix too, That the guy's holding. There's Still little embers on the lawn. I now get ahold of the police. I'm trying to tell them where I am. 'cause I'm not familiar with the neighborhood. I look over, the man who is fully nude is now stumbling to my car, trying to get into the back seat, to have me take him to the hospital.


If I was witnessing this tableau, I have no guess at what's going on. Me too. Normally I'm like, oh, I can see what's happening Here. Not to be, not to like. But did you feel that these people that you came across were potentially unhoused or on drugs? No unhoused, no clue on drugs. Okay. Oh sure. The guy is trying to get in my car. I'm like, Hey, thank you so much, please. Thank You. Thank you. Thanks for trusting me. It's such a female Response. Get I'm so sorry to impose.


We are supported by Addie. Addie. That's that little pink pill, right? Oh, it sure is. Addie is the number one doctor prescribed FDA approved treatment to get this increase women's sex drive in certain premenopausal women who are bothered by low libido. This is very important, Which brings up a really interesting conversation. What do women want out of sex? I mean, it's different from men, right? Well, I'm not a man, so I guess I can't really speak to that. But for women it's definitely about pleasure and orgasms of course. But it's really more about the intimacy. Like being really excited about the person. Yes, totally. Yes. Be so into someone that you're like, let's do this. I want this. That's a good feeling. Well, Apparently there's a lot of women out there who struggle with low libido, but there's not enough honest conversation about it. Yeah. And women should know that there are options out there and we shouldn't be embarrassed to talk about it and get help. No way. It's your life. You deserve this. If you wanna learn more and get back to feeling like yourself, go to addie.com. That's A DDY i.com. Addie or Flibanserin is for premenopausal. Women with acquired generalized hypoactive sexual desire disorder. Hs. DD, who have not had problems with low sexual desire in the past, who have low sexual desire, no matter the type of sexual activity, the situation or the sexual partner. This low sexual desire is troubling to them and is not due to a medical or mental health problem. Problems in the relationship or medicine or other drug use. ADDIE is not for use in children, men, or to enhance sexual performance. Your risk of severe low blood pressure and fainting is increased. If you drink one to two standard alcohol drinks close in time to your ADDIE dose. Wait at least two hours after drinking, before taking ADDIE at bedtime. This risk increases if you take certain prescriptions, OTC or herbal medications or have liver problems and can happen when you take ADDIE without alcohol. Or other medicines. Do not take if you're allergic to any of Addie's ingredients. Allergic reactions may include hives, itching, or trouble breathing. Sometimes serious sleepiness can occur. Common side effects include dizziness, nausea, tiredness, difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep and dry mouth. Cfo, PIM, medication guide, including box warning@addie.com slash pi.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know to check that you took your allergy pill first before you go to the botanical garden. Like you know to make sure that cute coat you bought is waterproof first. Before you wear it outside on a rainy day or checking that a potential partner is an arm cherry checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


We are supported by Macy's. Mother's Day is next month devoted Armchairs Note that I adore and love my mom, my sweet, sweet mother. Her episode's one of our most popular ever and we have to get her back on the show soon. So it's important to make moms feel like the stars. They are on Mother's Day, but moms can be so hard to shop for because it can seem like they already have everything they need. Not true. If you're not sure what to get your mom this year, Macy's is a one stop shop to find a gift that will make your mom smile. Macy's has a great selection of clothing, no matter your mom's style. They've got tons of options that'll look great on her from brands like Calvin Klein, Levi's and Charter Club. And if your mom's into cooking, Macy's has state-of-the-art kitchen appliances from Cuisinart all clad and more that will upgrade the recipes. She's been wanting to try. Another favorite buy mom. Something luxe that she might not think to buy herself. Maybe a signature perfume. That's what I love getting my mom designer cosmetics or even some new jewelry. I'm going the cooking route this year. You can't lose. I hope she doesn't list. She doesn't listen to this, so that's fine. Yeah. But they have such good products. I love all Clad. Me too. Yeah. Shop now at macy's dot com or in store.


I am still on the phone. They now cross the street. His person follows him. My person follows him. They're now all going around the corner and down the street. So they're out of sight. The paramedics finally come at this point. The lawn is still going. The fire is now completely engulfed the car. Oh. Oh. The entire hood has melted off. It's a huge fire. All of the neighbors now are coming out. We realize they were watching and filming from the inside, but no one did anything, which I was really angry about at first. 'cause I was like, how are you watching someone in an emergency?


But also I recognize my privilege in that when I call the police, I feel safe. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Not everyone feels that. And everyone has their own reactions. So I think that's important to say. I am now watching the police try to get this car under control. Try to get the neighbors to give some context and calling my boyfriend because I have no idea where he is. Brian, You've got a choir show to see. Why Did he leave on a choir show? It turns out this entire time while I'm calling him, he's on the phone with the police. My boyfriend is now trying to have him stay in one place. He keeps running. 'cause he in his state of mind is saying, I just need to get to the hospital. Not realizing we brought the hospital to you. The paramedics are now talking to me, getting my statement, getting the neighbor's statements.


They've put out the fire and are now picking up pieces of clothing and phones and things from the side of the road. They get the three stooges, my boyfriend, the other man, and the man on fire back and are now interviewing my boyfriend, getting the man who's on fire into the ambulance and into wound treatment and trying to pull his boyfriend off to the side. Okay. Okay. So I think it was a lover's tiff to say the least, where person on fire smashed in the car as like a fuck. You lit it on fire and then was like, you made me do this. Because the boyfriend kept yelling over him.


Baby, why did you do this? I told you not to do this. Oh, what have you done? Did they live right there? No. The neighbors were like, we have no idea who these people are. I think they just pulled up. Then we got back in the car, cried a lot, gathered ourselves in, went to the concert. A lot of adrenaline And did the power of choir heal all wounds. It was very healing. You have to laugh at the absurdity of here's the guy with his dick out on my Saturday night. Okay, I got a one second story for you. It's about my brother. He was out of town on business. He's eating at a Taco Bell. He's by himself. He hears a collision. He looks out the window, a Taco Bell, and there's a man that somehow has crashed his motorcycle but is on top of it as it slides.


Slides into the lawn of the Taco Bell and the motorcycle caught on fire and gas was getting everywhere. And the guy was on fire and my brother ran out of Taco Bell. He took his shirt off to pat the guy down. But my favorite part of the story is my brother said, I'm like batting this guy out and all I can think is I gotta get my shirt back on. Oh My God. Like even waffle. He was actively rescuing someone. He was like really insecure. He would not have taken his shirt off otherwise in front of Taco about. Oh, that was nice of him though. Yeah. A little bit of personal sacrifice. Yeah. I just think it's so human to be saving someone's life and thinking, fuck, I can get the shirt back on before anyone looks at my belly.


The thing that kept coming to my mind was like, we've gotta cover him. Like the decency of it. Yeah. But while he's got third degree burns, that is not his priority. Right, right. I wonder if his penis got burnt in that. I did put it in the submission because I thought you might be curious. He had legitimately the largest stick I've ever seen in my entire Oh wow. Like no comparable to the microphone. I'm glad you had the presence of mind to just check. Or maybe it couldn't be avoided. He couldn't have missed it. It was front and center and That's blasted. 'cause you definitely wasn't hard while he was on fire. Well, who knows? Maybe Fire. It could've been, except it seems like the one on fire is actually the one that was mad Because his boyfriend found someone with an even bigger penis That feels unlikely.


Given the Size. That Feels low probability. Wow. Thank you for telling me that detail. Of Course. I feel so grateful to be able to talk to you guys right now. I have three quick little shout outs. Is that okay? Boy. Yes, of course. Jess and Alexa are two of my good friends who are also huge arm cherries and every week talking about what the episode was, what our takeaways are. So shout out Jess Alexa. Love you guys. The other one, Dax specifically for you. I just wanted to say thank you because my family has been touched by addiction a lot. And it's not always in the media as much or in people's forefront of their minds about recovery and the life after.


I think it's really important to show how much after recovery you still have to keep working at it. And it's a lifelong battle. It's not just you recover and then you're good. It's a bummer. It's like the gym that way. You gotta keep going. Can't get the perfect abs and then quit. Yeah, exactly. My cousin is fully recovered and now runs a recovery clinic. Oh, amazing. So it's been really amazing to see his journey and see yours as well. And then for me personally, I actually went through an eating disorder recovery a couple years ago. And during mealtime every time is obviously a struggle. So I would put you guys on and have a moment to laugh or cry or learn something. And I got through it bite by bite with you. So thank you So much for that.


Oh, thank you. Awesome. Thank you. Did you like the Nikki episode? Nikki Glaser? Oh Yes, yes, yes. I love how open she is about all that. I think it's so important. 'cause I think everyone has some type of warped relationship with food and it's not something that I am embarrassed about at all. I think it's so important to talk about. So again, I just really feel grateful to you guys for helping me on that journey. Well thanks Eliza. This was a delight. Nice meeting you. Have a great day, You guys. So much. Bye. Hello? Is this Daphne? Hi, It's You're in your closet. I tried to follow the rules. Are you allowed to tell us what state you're in? I'm in Wisconsin. Oh, okay, great. Okay, so you have a First Responder story?


I do. So this was when I first started. It was within my first couple weeks working as an EMT, so I was pretty green. Also for a little bit of context, when you first started, at least at the company I worked at, there's such a hierarchy when you're new, you're doing all the work nobody wants to do. So all like cleaning up the GI bleed. Oh, picking up the heavy parts of the patient, changing diapers. Like all the crazy stuff that people have been there longer don't wanna do. That's entirely on you. Can I ask what led you to the job in the first place? I'm a little bit curious. Mine was a little bit untraditional. I actually majored in philosophy, but my college job, I was an outdoor trip leader, so I had to get a wilderness First Responder certification and just really fell in love with it.


Oh, amazing. So after college I tried a couple of jobs and nothing really stuck. And I ended up going back to get my mt because I just loved my first CER so much. Are you a bit of an adrenaline junkie? I would say so. Working in emergency, you kind of have to be, but at the same time, it also tames it a little bit because you see all the crazy shit that can happen. Yeah. I'm like a moderate adrenaline junkie, I'd say. Are You watching the Pit? No, but I've heard it's good. You're gonna love it and pretty accurate, But that's like asking us if we watched a show about podcasting. Yeah. Like only murders in the building. Yes, I have. Oh, good Point. Yeah. I mean, it's a great show. Yeah. So the partner who I was paired up with, he could tell that he had one foot out of the door, was ready to retire and go to Boca and spend all his money gambling years ago.


What is the average career expectancy? I don't feel like I see a lot of older EMTs. I was told that their turnaround rate is like six months. Oh, Wow. So it's pretty quick. Also, the place where I worked, it was a lot of people who they were starting as an EMT, but they wanted to go to med school, their PA school or nursing school. This was kind of like the first step to get some experience. Gotcha. So we get a call and the call's super vague. It was just for a sick person and that was also a red flag because usually the more vague the chief complaint is, the more unhinged. It's when you actually get there. Oh, interesting. We go To the apartment, the elevator going up is teeny tiny, like it barely fits.


My partner and I and the stretcher in there, we get all the way up, knock on the door, introduce ourselves, walk in, and immediately when I open the door, I'm hit with this wave of just a blinding smell. Oh. And a smell that I had never smelled before up until this point. Oh. Never Smelled it. Oh my God. And it smelled like a mix of hay. Like from a horse poop, sulfur. Oh, and burnt anything. Okay. Oh, interesting. Oh, hay, Hurry. A horse trots out of the bedroom. Oh, I Would've taken that over. What happened? Oh, no. So all of a sudden we see the patient, he stands up, he has a walker, he's walking over.


I could tell he is walking a little funny. Like his gait is a little off, but nothing too crazy. And he's wearing what I thought were black compression socks. And the lower part of his legs looked a little different from the rest of his body. But who am I to judge? Sure. Right. Is he wearing shorts? Yeah, he's wearing like basketball shorts. And also as he's walking over the smell's getting stronger. And I hear this kind of squishing sound with each footstep. No, This is bringing me back to that bar in Canada. I know. Oh wow. Okay. If you guys remember that one. Oh my God, no one can listen to this.


Okay. Okay. Okay. Squish, squish, squish. Different colored legs. He's Squishing his way over and then I go over to help him. I wanna give him a hand. When I get over, I look down and I realize, oh, those aren't compression socks. That's completely necrotic tissue from the knee down. His legs are dead. Oh My God. They're gone. And that squishing sound was them sloughing off with each stuff. Like tissue coming off? No, No. Stop. Oh my fucking, this is like as close as you can get to discovering a zombie.


The top 75% of his body was a normal, average joke. Bottom half was some shit out of the walking dead. Okay. I have to be honest, I thought it was gonna be that he cut off his legs and he put horse legs on. Oh wow. Monica. That's a Very 'cause of the hay. And then there's a horse in his bedroom cent with human legs. Like did you just swap him? It was a transplant. He wanted to become a centar. He was a little mentally ill. So his fucking foot is falling apart as he walks. Yes. It looked like a mudslide. Every shade of yellow. Oh, red brown that you can imagine. How old were you at this point? 21. No, You too young to have seen something like that.


Wow. I keep my cool. I'm not here to judge anybody. I'm just here to get you to the hospital safely. So I take him to the stretcher and my partner looks at me and he is like, I'm not touching that. And I was like, okay. I'm not surprised. So I help him into the stretcher and he obviously needs help getting his lower half up. I'm trying to think of the most gentle way to go about this. You know, I don't wanna cause any more damage. So I go down by his ankles and lift his legs up, and as I do, I feel my fingers squish into him. It felt like jam, no Jam. Why? Of course, preserves, who Is there? Bone? The bone's not out yet, but it doesn't look like it's that far away.


So we get back to the elevator. My partner doesn't get into the elevator. He is like, I'm taking the next one. You got this chance. This guy's a real piece of shit. A fucking 21-year-old girl. I know. He's like, deal with it. I'm in Boca. I'm already in Boca. Yeah. So I'm squished between him and the elevator wall. Can I ask what his demeanor is? Because I have a story very similar to this from an ER doctor I know who had someone get brought in that was a shut in and they had a lot of necrotic flesh and I don't think they knew, they were kind of just embarrassed. Like what was his vibe? He Was in a great mood. He was chatting it up with me. I'm trying to banter with him a little bit, but it's so thick and literally blinding.


Like I was having a hard time opening my eye. Oh my God. Did he acknowledge that his legs were dead Verbatim? He said, oh, it's just a little leg pain. No big deal. Wow.


We are supported by Boar's Head. If you're a sandwich lover, you know Boar's Head, they've been dedicated to crafting premium deli meats and cheese for more than 120 years. Boar's Head uses only the finest ingredients in time. Honored recipes, preparing every product with care. You can really taste the difference. You know, when I was taking the bus home from Nashville, just put a big pile of Boar's head right next to my driver's seat and I just munched on some ham and some Turkey. The whole ride. Oh, I love the oven. Gold Turkey. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. So good. It is. It's making me starving. I want it right now. Okay, Well let's stop and get you some Boar's Head. Make your ultimate sandwich today with Boar's Head. Head to your local Boar's Head Deli to discover the craftsmanship behind every bite.


We are supported by Brit Box. There are some incredible shows coming outta the UK right now. The clever writing, the picturesque settings, the witty dialogue. They just do TV differently across the pond in the best way. And you know, they're the masters of charming mysteries set in quaint little villages where three people die a week. Not only do they have a huge selection of classics like Pride and Prejudice, but their new original shows are insanely good too. Especially Ludwig with David Mitchell from Peep Show. He plays the introverted puzzle maker guy who accidentally becomes a detective and solves murders like their crosswords. It's twisty and clever and an absolute treat to watch. So if you wanna mix it up and see things differently, try Brit Box and stream the best British tv. Go to brit box.com and start a free trial. Today.


We get into the ambulance. It's a hot summer day, and also this ambulance has no air conditioning, no ventilation, nothing. And my partner, of course, has me sit in the back with him and closes the only window between the front and the back. Oh Boy. I'm trying to bandage this up, trying to do anything to make him more comfortable, but it's just soaking through. Nothing's working. He needs extensive wound care. We just need to get on the road and get him to a hospital. And of course he wants the one that's the farthest away from where we are. And in the ambulance ride over ambulances have no suspension at all. And we're going on the highway and this is oozing. The amount of liquid that's coming out was insane.


Oh. So I'm just being jostled around. I know it's splashing everywhere. Like it felt like being at a waterpark stop that I did not sign up for. Oh my God. Oh my God. And can you wear a hazmat suit Looking back? I probably should have, but at that point, I don't think I even knew where those were in the ambulance. You might have been a little disassociated, like, let's just get through this. Yeah, it's just every body fluid you can imagine. Plus chunks of tissue. No, Don't say chunks. I'm trying all the tricks for the smell too. At that point, the smell was the least of it, but I was sticking alcohol pads in my mask and rubbing hand sanitizer on the outside, just trying to do anything while also still trying to be discreet because I'm not trying to make this guy feel bad about himself.


He's already going through it. I'm just like, okay, this is my life for the next hour. I would've said, no, you're going to the one down the Road. Yes. I wish we could, but I think at that point it technically would've been like medical kidnapping or something like that to like take them where they don't wanna go. Okay. So we get to the hospital finally and we roll him in and we're doing the handoff report to the nurses. We're talking to them. My partner finally comes in like puffing his chest giving report, like heated everything. Oh God. As he's giving a report, I notice he's starting to pause between words, and then his face is starting to get really red, and then he starts going, oh, he runs into the hallway and vomits everywhere.


Oh. And completely misses the trash can. Oh My God. What? This guy is bozo. We do the handoff that's done. I walk into the hallway, there's vomit everywhere, and there's tracks from the wheels of our stretcher, like bits of leg. Oh, And blood and puff. This Is like saw or Something. It's Wow. Do you ever get any follow up on what happens to these people? Like do you see the ER people a month later and go like, what happened? Yeah, I didn't do that with this guy. I have however seen patients in the wild before after I've taken care of them. And that's always crazy. Do you say hi? You don't say hi. I don't say hi, but there was this one guy who had his throat lit.


Oh. And he didn't wanna go to the hospital. Oh. And he was bleeding out of his eyes, ears, nose. And I was like, you have to go. But he refused. And he was his own person mentally, so there's nothing we could do. And I saw him biking like three weeks later. Oh. So he made the right call. Wow. Wow. That's good. They Call that a MA against medical advice. You Learn the enough Pit and the Pit. Yeah. Yeah. You have to sign a form. It's very official. But I spent the next three hours cleaning out the hallway. You had to clean It. I wasn't gonna leave it. You're a good Person. Oh, you're an angel. What about the puke? Did homeboy clean up his own puke? Yes. And then with the ambulance, there was no equipment or anything for me to use, so I was just wiping that up with paper towel disinfectant wipes.


Yeah. You gotta call dispatch and go like, Hey, we need about an hour to clean up And we need to blow up this ambulance And we need to fire Mike and send him to fucking Boca. I can't believe you didn't quit your job after that. I came close. I thought about it. But you kind of know what you're getting into. I Mean, do you, I can't imagine. You think like I'm gonna show up and someone's legs are gonna be falling off real time. That's show out Of a, I'm gonna show up. Someone will have cut off their legs and put horse legs on it. Right. A horse transplant. Who could be ready for that? I wouldn't put it past somebody. Our last question, because when we interviewed nurses, they all have a foreign body and rectum story. Did you respond any of those? Yes. Oh Wow.


Twofer. I've seen a wine bottle. Okay. Oh wow. With the cork or without? I don't know, because I didn't take it Out. Okay. Yeah. It's gotta be empty. I would guess. There's three options. There's a wine bottle corked, there's an empty wine bottle, and there's a wine bottle that like you drank some and then you put the stopper in. That seems craziest to me. Yeah, because the fluid could pop up, You know? Yeah. Maybe that's what they like. Yeah. It's kind of a two for one deal. Maybe they put a champagne bottle in there, then you pop the cork and it explodes. Right When you're, oh, that's kind of, that sounds eventful. I haven't seen that yet. But someone did have a wine bottle and you put 'em face down on the stretcher. I guess We had them on their side face down technically as like a airway issue.


Did they make any explanation as to what had happened or, no, just I need to go to the hospital. I feel like people either really overcompensate for it and try to say like, I was cleaning and I tripped and I fell. There's a sedera story about the people say they tripped and fell, and he's like, I'm so clumsy. I've fallen down naked many times. Never stood up. And there was a candle in my ass. Not One. What's the second version? They're just silent because they know that, you know, that's Best. Yeah. Are you done with that line of work? No. So I'm still doing it now. So I work in an emergency room and I start nursing school this fall. Oh, Great. I can't wait for you to watch the pit.


You're gonna love it. Well, DNY, this was a, oh, this was so great. This delight. This is among the very worst stories we've heard. Yeah. What an accomplishment. I'm So glad. Well, thank you so much for your time and for having me. Can I give a quick shout out? Yes, of course. We love shoutouts. I Just wanna shout out Caroline, Tate and Emily. My three favorite people. I love them so much. And to you guys, I just wanna say that sometimes when you work in this field, the drive home can be kind of tough. If you have a bad day, that's kind of when you start like reflecting and things can feel a little heavy. So whenever that happens, I always put on armchair, it makes you feel so much better. Oh god. So I just wanna thank you guys for bringing some levity To that. I can't take that in knowing what you've done for the world.


I'm gonna take it. Oh wow. I'm choosing today to take it. My self-esteem is good. Wow. And I'm gonna go. Oh, right. That's great. Well, thank you you, this is a real barn burner, as we say. High water mark for I'm sure Anonymous. Nice meeting you. Have a great Day. Likewise. Bye. Should do a prompt. Tell us about your favorite Episode of The Pit or Er. It'll be me calling into every single episode. You know that drive back is, I think intense. 'cause Chache, the 4-year-old who died of AIDS On the show, George Clooney and a woman medical student. They were the ones dealing with Chache, and then he died and then they had to have sex to feel better.


Okay. Yeah, I understand. Yeah. Hello? Can you hear me? Oh, hear. Oh yes. This is Grant. This is me. Where are you From, grant? I'm From Boston area. We like the Boston area. Yeah. Do you know Ben and Matt? Ben and Matt? No. Okay. I Don't, He doesn't even know who you're Referencing. I know that. I'm sorry. I don't. I don't. Matt Damon and Ben fl. Oh Yeah. They're my neighbors actually. Oh, cool. Now that you have the last name, makes sense. So you have a First Responder story? Yes. I hope it's okay. So I was working as an EMT out in a rural area. I was a college student out there and working on the side. And just to sort of lay the ground for this area, there's a regional hospital that has like an ed, but not like a trauma center or anything.


And then 30 minutes away, there's more of a trauma center. But I was working one day and we got a call from the hospital that said they need help moving someone from the parking lot into the hospital. Hospitals have rules where they can't move people. But anyways, we go up and we find this woman sitting on an A TV and two things sort of stood out to me right away. One is that the ATV is perfectly parked, and I just think that that's really impressive is that there's some blood coming down her leg, and as soon as we show up, she's like, I'm so sorry that they called you. I'm sure somebody else is dying. You guys should go take care of someone else first. And we're like, no, it's fine. Tell us what happened. She was wearing really tight, skinny jeans, we're exposing her leg, trying to figure out where the bleeding's coming from. And she said she was riding up on the mountain range close by with her boyfriend.


When they flipped over the A TV, both got heard, got back on the A TV and rode it at least half an hour down, presumably some trail. And then the road to get to the hospital. As she's telling the story, we expose her leg and she has this open fracture of her fibula and tibula on her leg. The bone has basically pierced the skin. Oh, that's a bad injury. Yeah. Fuck. Ah. You can Bleed out. Your Body's opened up to the world at that point. Exactly. Oh, that's the nightmare. Seeing your bone stick outta your Leg. Oh, she didn't realize like she was wearing tight jeans, but she still got all the way there with the bone sticking out of her leg. So we are like, okay, this is not the right hospital for you.


We're gonna have to take you somewhere else. We're like loading her into the ambulance and she's like, please, I'll call a taxi. Oh, I'll call a friend to take me. Somebody else is dying and you need to go save them. Like, I'm sure somebody else is dying. I'm sure you guys have more important things to do. I should be last on the list. And we're like, no, your bone's sticking out of your leg. This is a completely reasonable reason for an ambulance. We can take you. We eventually administer getting her in the ambulance, rush her down to the main hospital, and on the way for each bump we're hitting, she's like dropping expletives after each time she's like, pardon my French, I'm so sorry that I swore. Is she a nun or something? She's like, what's going on? Yeah. We're like S for all you want. You have a bone sticking outta your body. That's I'm sure, incredibly painful.


And the paramedics, you know, giving her pain meds, but they only do so much at that dose throughout the drive. She's truly like, you can pull over on the side. I'll call a taxi. This is wild. We Get her to the hospital, we drop her off and she's like, thank you so much, I'll find you after. I'll take you out to lunch. I'll give you guys ice cream or something like, thank you for taking time out of your day. We get paid for this. You're welcome. I need the hospital just in awe. Because typically we have people that don't really need an ambulance. They Call an ambulance. Right. The opposite situation. Yeah. And so I tell absolutely everybody about this amazing patient that I had. I'm like, she is the best patient I've ever had for all these reasons. Not to mention she parked perfectly Impressive parking skills And the boyfriend was nowhere to be found.


I think he broke his shoulder so he could walk into the ed. So he walked in and was like, my girlfriend can't walk in. Can someone go help her? And so anyways, that was over the summer. People come back, I'm still telling people about this best patient that I've ever had. And I'm reading the newspaper a couple months later in the fall and there's been a murder in the town. And I'm like, oh, that's interesting. Obviously I'm gonna click on that and I'm reading and it's like, like so and so has been murdered, so-and-so's in custody. No. And they show a photo and the name and I'm like, why do I recognize that person? And the person in the photo is like in a wheelchair. Like that's my best patient. That's my best patient that is being accused of murdering her grandmother.


Oh, on Halloween with a paperweight and scissors for a million dollars in inheritance money. No. Wow. This is such a left turn. Oh my God. Biggest left turn ever. She was probably apologizing why she killed her. I'm so sorry. I really want a million dollars. I was shocked. Oh my God. That's crazy. Was she in a wheelchair from that event with the leg, Presumably? Yeah. She broke her leg in half. Or do you think she did it on purpose to sue the a TV company? Oh wow. You think she's just trying to get some Money? You think it's wild? She murdered her grandma.


First of all, she has not been found guilty. She's pleading not guilty. So just to Be clear. Oh, so this is all alleged. It's One article said that there's evidence of a second person's DNA, so it could be a attack that Maybe the buzz. Yeah, The broken shoulder. Allegedly. Yeah. Allegedly. She killed her for the inheritance for drugs, which also makes me think maybe she got an opioid addiction from the injury itself. Oh. Or she was on opiates. They were fucked up, which is why she was kind of handling it so well and Was able to ride on it. That's Something that I didn't consider. Wow. Are you at all considering going to the trial? No. 'cause you don't live out there anymore? Yeah, I don't live out there anymore, but I feel like I'm gonna leave her as my best impression Of her.


No, we need to Know. I'd be so intrigued to find out what's going on with this person. Yeah. Why is she so ni? But when they say like you never know, she would be the last person. You would've guessed. I Mean, I sat there in the library of shock. This is the person that I've been telling everybody about. Yes, you're hero. Truly. And I'm still looking for a new best patient. Nobody has fulfilled that yet. Wow. Oh my God. Murder boy. I did not see that coming. The nicest murder. That's what they'll call the doc. The Dateline America's sweetheart murderer. This would be a good day line. You're right. Yeah. Hopefully they'll interview you. You really got taken advantage of a little bit. Not taken. That's not the word. You really got tricked, fooled, fooled, fooled, fooled, fooled.


Once you once got Fooled once. Are you still in the EMT game? I Actually just lost my license at the start of April because it expired. Not because of anything that I did. Right. Are you gonna re-up? I'm In med school now, so I will be getting the different degree. Wow. Yeah. Well, thanks for that story. That was wild. Thank you For having me. Have a great rest of your day. Bye. All Right, take care. I forgot to ask him if he's watched the Pit. I can't believe you did. Oh my God. One slipped through. Are you chomping at the bit to go home and watch er in the Pit? Obviously. I think actually tonight is the finale of the pit. Oh My God, that's so interesting. They're doing regular drops for that show.


I hate it, but I love it. We have a mixed feeling about the delayed. I There's a, yeah, we'll Talk about it. We'll save this for the, yeah. Alright. All right. Love you. Love You. Do you wanna sing a tune or something? A theme song? Oh, okay, great. We don't have a song for this new show. So here I go, go, go. We're gonna ask some random On the Fire Rish. On the Fire Rish. Enjoy.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey


At 24. I lost my narrative, or rather it was stolen from me and the Monica Lewinsky that my friends and family knew was usurped by false narratives, callous jokes and politics. I would define reclaiming as to take back what was yours. Something you possess is lost or stolen, and ultimately you triumph in finding it again. So I think listeners can expect me to be chatting with folks both recognizable and unrecognizable names about the way that people have navigated roads to triumph. My hope is that people will finish an episode of reclaiming and feel like they filled their tank up, they connected with the people that I'm talking to, and leave with maybe some nuggets that help them feel a little more hopeful. Follow Reclaiming with Monica Lewinsky on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to reclaiming early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts.