
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple. Podcasts Or. you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm Buck Shepherd and I'm joined by Johnson Monica Padman. Wow. Social. Media Fail. They're everywhere. Just look around. They're abound. Yeah. There's some good social media fails. It's not hard to fail on social media. Hard people just throwing a Lot. It's hard to succeed really. It's hard To succeed and easy to fail. Yeah. You're throwing a lot of stuff. I remember when I first got Twitter 20 years ago or whatever that Was. Yeah. Was that your first entree in I wasn ever on Facebook? Right. I remember I was in Utah visiting Kristen's dad and he was already on it and he encouraged us to sign up for it. And then I'm just staring at that thing as I think maybe many people did.


you know I gotta send something. Yes. Yeah. It's crazy. I think this is right. Initially you're like, this is insane. Why am I just gonna say something And? That's the right thinking. That's the right thinking. But then the second you break the seal, you are like Oh. yeah. Here's another thing I gotta say. I'm So interesting. I gotta say this now too. Yeah, yeah. Police have been called in this episode. It's, you know, it's a real barn burner. It is. Please enjoy social media fails.


We are supported by Audible. We know you love audio content. Thanks for listening to the show. But if your ears are craving more audio, Audible is the place to go. I probably in true spend more time on Audible than any other place, any other app. Yeah. I'm listening every night for an hour before bed. There's more to imagine when you listen. Whether you're searching for the latest bestsellers and new releases, or you want to catch up on a classic title, you can find it all in the Audible app. And as an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. What Are you listening to now? Well, I'm just finishing the worlds I see by Fei FEI Lee. It's so good in moving and I. Love it so much. I'm, I'm sad it's ending. Now listen, new members can try Audible for free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash dax. Or text Dax to 500 500.


We are supported by Wayfair. We just got a new Wayfair coffee table.And. we sure did. A filming Space. and I love it. It's beautiful. It's gorgeous. Listen, right now is the best time to shop for everything you need for holiday hosting. And Wayfair is the place to shop for all things home this holiday season. From extra seating for the whole family to festive cookware, cozy bedding, and holiday decor galore. Wayfair helps you make your home way more you at a price that works for you. So whether you're looking for bedding sets for your guest room or kitchen brands you love, gift your home with Wayfair this holiday season. Plus, they offer free and easy shipping even on the big stuff. They'll even help you set it up. Wayfair is your one stop holiday shop for everything on your to-do list this season. Head to wayfair.com right now to get your home holiday ready. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home,


Hard times come and go. Take them slow, you know. Can you hear me? Yes. Can you hear us? Oh My gosh. Absolutely. I think your headphones aren't working though. Is that accurate? Rob? Are you guys hearing him? I can hear him, but I'm hearing us echo. Maybe not anymore. Would you talk one more time, Eric? Okay. I'm here. I'm in my office. It's all crackly. So we'll have to solve this real quick. And. it didn't do that at the very beginning.


Let's try to reconnect and see if that sorts it out. Absolutely. And don't stress, this is so common. Yeah. Okay. Can y'all hear me now? Perfect. Yes. Thank goodness my heart was beating so fast. I could tell you were stressed. I was trying to tell you not to stress. This is very common to have technical issues. It Really is. I also realized that, I guess I should have done this on the first try, but I tried to join for my browser instead of the Zoom app. Oh. Refreshed it on the Zoom app, And. it worked a lot better. Oh great. That's good for us to know too. If this happens again with people that might fix it, Very appropriate for a Social, Media Fail prompt that we would have a Zoom fail in. That's so true. First of all, you have some kind of cartography behind you. Are you a civil engineer or something?


Why do you have this map? So I sell lighting control systems in the eastern part of North Carolina. Ah. Up and down the coast from Raleigh East. That's really just my territory map, but of course my head is blocking it. So all you can see is Western North Carolina over here. How Did you fare in the hurricane? We were good here on the coast. I live in Wilmington, but my wife went to App State and Boone. We have a lot of connections in the mountains and it's been tough. So all of our thoughts and prayers and as many resources as we can possibly get out there, it's definitely necessary. Yeah. Yeah, Man. Okay. So you're in North Carolina and you had a Social Media Fail. Please set the stage for us. Alright, so 2013, I was a senior in high school, and I grew up kind of in the middle of the state of North Carolina, right?


So, small town, country, and I was a relatively well-liked charismatic high schooler. and I was also the captain of my lacrosse team. I was really passionate about that. And the day before my senior lacrosse season started, I came down with what I assumed was the flute. So one of the pictures I sent in this morning is the Instagram picture. I took that night of me in two pairs of sweatpants, a mismatched peacoat, and a hunting hat to try and sweat the sickness out. Oh wow. That was gonna be your approach. My school had a policy that you couldn't play in any athletic event or do anything extracurricular unless you went for half of the school day, stayed until noon.


So really, I was just bound and determined to do whatever I could to be there for half a day. Woke up the next day, didn't feel any better, honestly, probably felt worse. But my mom and my dad were like, you know what? Give it a shot. Nothing bad's gonna happen on a half day of school. Just go. You can come back, take a nap and go play ball. So I rush off and I, make sure to get to school before my calculus review starts. and I distinctly remember that morning laying horizontally across three desks that I had pushed together, while other people were going over answers and talking calculus really Quick. Was your teacher present? She was, yeah. Absolutely. and I had a good relationship with her. So she was okay with this.


I can't imagine this is acceptable. Post covid. Right, exactly. Like if you're so sick, you gotta lay across three desks now. They'd be like, get the fuck outta here. You're forcing you out, You're going home. Absolutely. No matter what. Thankfully it was 2013. Right. And. that plays into this story a lot. So I got an idea that I wanted to tweet something to let people know that I was sick. I didn't feel good just at school to get the job done for the day and move on the lacrosse game. And if you'll look at the second picture that I sent you guys, it is a copy of that tweet. My nickname in high school was Peaches. So that clarifies that a little bit. But it says, stay away from peach today, or take extra vitamin C because Eric's at school and he's out to kill.


Oh. Oh no. But as you can see, we got three favorites. I thought I was doing pretty good. you know, I was like, yeah, rock and roll, let's go on to class. He's out to kill. Oh my gosh. Jesus. Awful wording. And looking back in hindsight, I can appreciate that. But in the moment I thought it was clever. The name Peachy is a nickname versus Out to Kill. Those are like really incongruous big time. Yeah. Yeah, That's absolutely right. About an hour later, right before the morning announcements come on, we get a knock on the calculus door and it's the assistant principal and he is like, Hey Eric, grab your stuff. Come with me. And I was like, okay. I honestly thought that they were gonna take me into the office and allow me to give an announcement, say, come to the lacrosse game tonight.


Oh my God. They were gonna honor me and say like, Hey, we've got the captain of lacrosse team who wants to give a couple of messages to you guys. I was mistaken. So I was walking up towards the office with the assistant principal who was not into the business of making small talk with me that morning, And. we woke up to the office and there's a guy standing out front who looks really just like a large parent in all black, nodding my head over to him, say hello, good morning. Grabs my backpack with all of his force, takes it off of me, hands it to to the guy standing next to him and starts patting me down. Wow. Yeah. All over my body. I'm still like incredibly sick and don't necessarily know what's going on.


Yeah. 'cause you're not immediately thinking of the tweet. That was the last thing on my mind at this point. As I walk into the office, another of the assistant principals, whose son is one of my best friends, also on the lacrosse team, looks over at me, makes eye contact, and his head just falls into his hands. And he just starts shaking his head. And I was like, oh no, this can't be good. So they pull me back into the office. There's the head sheriff, the head principal, and an empty chair. And they set me down and they say, Hey Eric, this is why we pulled you in here. it was a copy of the tweet. They said, 30 minutes after you sent this, Homeland Security flagged it. Wow. Wow. That's reassuring. Very. It absolutely is.


And looking back now, don don't wanna make light of school shootings or anything And. that was the last thing that crossed my mind when I sent this tweet out. Yeah. You were hoping to be seen as a hero who was suffering through some hardship and then still gonna play. You wanted to be hoisted on people's shoulders. That's right. Carried off the field, Rudy, you know. Exactly. So that's not what happened. So they said that within 30 minutes, my car had been surrounded by cops. There was 10 or 15 police cars that wouldn't let me leave. They had that many armed guards at the school, flanked throughout. My dad is in public school administration, the county over. But my mom is the one that they wanted to call. So they call her and they say, Hey Julie, your son's not hurt, but we need you to come to the high school immediately.


And my mom was like, you've gotta give me a little bit more detail than that. And they said, Nope, we can't. Oh wow. Ooh. She's freaking out. She runs down about 10, 15 minutes away and gets there and they tell her the same story. But essentially, as we were walking out, she made the comment like, I really wish I would've held you back from school today. So this didn't happen. And the sheriff looked at her and said, ma'am, if he would've tweeted this while he was at your home, all of these police officers would be at your home. Ah, Yeah. Yeah. They would've kicked some doors down probably. That was kind of a wake up call. But another thing that kind of shocked me was they told me that they went through all of my historical social media presence and saw that I had through my dad, you know, access to hunting rifles, I had been to shooting ranges.


you know, I live in the country of North Carolina. It's a relatively common thing. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Country Boy. So Immediately it put them on full warning to send out all of their resources. After that, I was like, this day really can't get much worse. They let me go. Finally make it through the school day, decide to celebrate getting through the school day by going to MO'S for lunch. Right. MO'S Burrito, welcome to Mo's. You're all over the map. You are. You're so sick. And you go to mo's. I wish I had y'all's point of view back then. This is why you gotta be 35 to become president of the United States. That's exactly right. Go to mos, have my burrito fall asleep on my couch and wake up with just time to get to the school, get on the bus, go play this lacrosse game.


We go through warmups. I still don't feel great. And I'm like, this day has been chaos. Let's just go out here and forget everything that's happened today. Kind of a cathartic lacrosse game. That also wasn't the case. The very first play of the game, we lose the face off. I play defense. So the ball came towards me. I picked it up and I started running down the field to get the ball to Maya Tech. And as I crossed midfield, I got hit in the stomach with a stick check and proceeded to shit into my socks. Oh, I'm not lying when I say I shit for like 50 steps. and I was immediately taking off my helmet, taking off my gloves, dropping my stick, and I ran into the home team's locker room to just figure out what the hell just Happened.


Oh my God. So you just ran right off the field Like, oh God, for Gump, get the Ballin, go past the end zone. Just kept on going. and I had to throw my compression shorts away, throw my socks away, and come out of the bathroom like 20 minutes later in just my jersey and my shorts and all of my pads kind of just hanging and no socks. We were on the away side. So all of the away fans were gathered around the home locker room to make sure I was alive. Was it obvious what had happened to them? Or were they confused? I Think they were confused because there weren't many comments made. And people still seemed to be confused. They were just like, oh, Eric got sick. They thought you went in there to throw up. Maybe.


Yeah. Right. It wasn't one of those pooping in your pants where it was an obvious pooping. But to me it was a very obvious pooping. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Straight water. I mean, you were sick. Absolutely. it was bad. So the social media fell led to Homeland Security. Me being labeled, you know, as a potential threat to my high school, which then only turned itself into a worst day when I played the lacrosse game and shit into my socks. And. we lost three to one. So I like to tell people that that is absolutely the worst day of my life. And when y'all came on and said a Social, Media Fail, my wife was like, you have got to put this story in. Oh, that's great. You couldn't have been sent more signs. you know, You were not supposed to play that game.


Yeah. You were supposed to stay home that day. I was. I was supposed to stay home and recover In aa. We say this is self will run riot. Ah. This is when you need to accept. Accept the circumstances. Did you play the rest of the game? I did not know. I did not play anymore of that game. So you played the face off shit yourself and then left. Oh my. Are you a Tarheel Tarheel fan? I went to a small school in Virginia, all guys school called Hampton Sydney College. Oh, okay. Were they specialized in guys who had shit their socks, I guess So. yeah. it was a perfect place for guys like me, Eric, what a beautiful story. Yeah. Was fun because it really had everything. It really did.


Homeland Security was enough of a story. I have to reiterate, I'm very heartened by that. I really like knowing that they're on top of it in a way. And in 2013 when that was way less prevalent to know that they were so on top of It, it's comforting to know they were on it like that. Yeah. Well, Eric, what a beautiful story. I really, yeah. Thanks for sharing that. Yeah. I had everything we would want. Thank You both so much. This has been an absolute treat. Good, Good. So Fun for us. We love our North Carolinas. All right, Eric, great meeting you. You as Well. Y'all take care. Okay. bye-Bye. What a sweetie Call. Oh, that was fun. I liked town. it was a little triggering for a story people don't know about yet. Yep. But okay. Yeah. I can move forward. I I imagine you felt a real kinship for the first time.


I don. Wanna talk about it now? you know how I've always felt about these people. The shitters? Yeah. 'cause I shit myself. you know, once a year, I'd say it's been a while. The thing with the morning school drop off. That was Over a year ago. For sure. don don't think I've had any significant action. Well, you had, oh, that wasn't a shit your pants. But you did have the building of the basketball hoop clogging. Yeah, but I made it to the toilet. Right? Yeah.


We are supported by BetterHelp. Spooky season has officially begun And. we love it. It's happening Already. Planning the hayride. You are adding a hamburger truck to the mix this year. Oh my gosh. Exciting. Gotta every year get bigger and better.Oh, I really gotta plan my costume. Get On it. Okay. Halloween Lets us have fun with what scares us. But what about those fears that don't involve zombies? And ghosts Therapy is a great tool for facing your fears and finding ways to overcome them. Because sometimes the scariest thing is not facing our fears in the first place and holding ourselves back. I had therapy last week and she's just so good. She really put something into perspective in a way that I was really unable. I would've never been able to see it that way. You wouldn't come do it on my own, on my own. No, never. If you're thinking of starting therapy, try BetterHelp. It's all online. So you can have a therapy session from the comfort of your home at a time that's convenient for you. It's quick and easy to get started. And if your therapist isn't the right match for you, you can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Overcome your fears with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/dax.


We are supported by Squarespace. Whether you're just starting out or managing a growing brand, Squarespace makes it easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience and sell anything from products to content to time all in one place. All on your terms. That's why they call Squarespace the All in one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. Now listen, we put our money where our mouth is. We have a beautiful website that Wabi Wab designed on Squarespace. It's gorgeous, it's user friendly. Couldn't be better if you're not sure where to start. Squarespace has your back Use Squarespace Blueprint to choose from professionally curated layout and styling options to build your unique online presence from the ground up. And once you've gotten started, keep it going with Squarespace ai, which can help you generate instant personalized results that know and show your brand identity. Check out Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dax to get started today.


If, you love iPhone. You'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple. Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners. Subject to eligibility, Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City, branch member FDIC terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


All right. Ready for Emma? Yeah. Oh my God. What if it was our Emma? Oh, Emma. Love that. Emma, feel free to just show up sometime. Yeah. Tell us a story we don't know. Do you think Emma's pooped your pants? Ooh, Emma, Have you pooped your pants? Have you pooped Your pants? If so, send us a text. It also depends. What are we counting? Are we counting just like a shark? Right? Almost all of mine have been sharks. I think that's the majority. That's the common thing. Not a full Shit. This has happened to me where I know that's coming and I'll poop anywhere. I'll poop in public. I'd rather a bunch of people see me poop in public than do it in my slacks. Really? Yeah. That's what I did in the PCH.


Hi Emma. Can you hear us? Her Audio's still not connected. Oh, okay. See that's why I feel shame. Don't feel shame. I do. I still think I made the right decision for me. But For me, for me, for you dog. This is pretty funny that we're having so many technical issues On our Social. Media Fail. Can you hear me? Oh yes. Now we can. How are You? I'm good. How are you? Good. What are these fun photos behind you? It seems like you have a lover. Yeah. My boyfriend made this for me for Valentine's Day And. it just wasn't really fitting the aesthetic out there. So I have it back here so I can see it every day though. That Is so something I would do.


Yeah. Like this is so sweet. I'll be putting it in the closet. I let him put his Legos out there so I'm like, let's just put this in here. But it's Probably a rough conversation 'cause he clearly took a ton of time. It's string for the listener. It's a long rope and there's all these little clothespins and these beautiful photos of them embracing. And he thought, I bet in his mind where was gonna hang front and center in the house. And you knew he put a lot of time in. Then at some point you had to say, Sohan and I wanna move these to the closet. I think you say, oh my God, I'd have the perfect, I have the Perfect Place for this. I've been waiting to hang some stuff within my closet. Beautiful box of purse came in and I think we should keep it safe in there.


Well, When you put it like that, yeah. That kind of makes me sound Like an asshole. No, I'm with you. Monica's definitely co-signing on this move. Yes. Aesthetic first, A hundred percent aesthetic over love. Yeah. I mean still see it every day. Yeah. And now we're here talking about it got more attention then it would've otherwise. Okay. So Emma, you have a Social Media Fail story. I do. It's really embarrassing and kind of tough to tell. So if I get a little awkward, just excuse me. So the story takes place in the University of Alabama where I went to school and it was my sophomore year of college. So I was living in my sorority house with all my best friends. We would always get ready together.


Hair, makeup, dress together. you know how girls are. Can I ask you ladies a question? Is that part even more fun than the party? Yes. Is that the funnest part? Probably. Yeah. And you're having some cocktails as you do it Or like the morning after the debrief together too? You're right. Pre and Post. Okay. The dopamine because it's the anticipation. Yeah. And then the community after. Also, I won't be saying it, but feel free, I'm gonna give you permission to say it. Roll tide. Roll tide. I know. Bad weekend. I'm sorry. I can't, we Can't. Did roll tide. Roll over Georgia. Hey. Hey. I'm asking sincerely. Look at her face. Uhoh. It must have been a real joyous time.


It was a really good game though. I thought Georgia was gonna win. For sure. Are they feeling the effects of losing that 33-year-old quarterback on his ninth year? Is that what score? I don? I don't Know actually. Okay. Okay. don. Don't know enough about it. Okay. We know about makeup and parties. Okay, so we're back to the makeup. My room was the biggest room in the house, so we would always get ready in my room. Just like a good community. We just have weird humor. and I would always come out wearing like period underwear. Like big underwear. Yeah. I would make it like an awkward pose and clench my butt cheeks and be like, Hey guys, is this cute for the party tonight? And like be so Weird. Oh I love This. Yeah, that's fun. It Would always make people laugh and if I get a laugh outta something, I can never let it go.


We call it going back to the, well yeah. Little Background. So classes at Alabama, you would always join GroupMe for the classes. you know like a messaging site for reminders for class and stuff. And for a lot of teachers they would consider certain things cheating. That wasn't really cheating. But they would be like, don don't like when you share notes or I don't like when you share study guides, things like that where you're not sharing test answers but they don't like when you do that on the forums. So for a lot of these classes, we would make separate Snapchat group chats or text threads so that we could share information like that. Gee, No, just share your info. Help each other out is how I like to phrase it.


Sure. And so I would always join these Snapchat group chats that were sent in the group meetings to just kind of help me study and stuff. Or like if I see information come through the Snapchat group chat, I'm like cool. That helps me with the test. So one day I was in the sorority house and I was just in bed, big baggy T-shirt, granny panties, period underwear, whatever. Just chilling as girls do. My friends and I were just texting like Saturday night, what are we doing tonight? So I go to send them a Snapchat being like come to my room like I always do. And so I take a picture of my clench butt cheeks and my underwear unflattering. Like it's not cute.


It's not sexy at it's Not supposed to be. That's the joke. Yeah, that's the joke. Thank You, Monica. you know, like I'm sure you and Erin weekly send sexually charged messages to each other. Always. I decided to caption it. Come over daddy, let's play. Come over daddy. That's play. That's perfect. I send it over to my friends thinking I'll get texts back, like coming over. I just hear them come in, whatever as usual. And then I just go on Instagram or something and I start seeing notifications come in for my social psychology class.


What's the right class for it? That's a good point. I Know. It could be studied and there are just so many snapshots coming in. Screenshots. Oh fuck. So I click in it and I had sent the message to my whole social psychology class. BA's big. How many students are in that class do you think? In total the class is like a hundred people. Okay, okay. But on Snapchat, luckily they max it out at like 30 people per group chat. I click in it and of course it's just all boys being like, what guy would think that's hot? Oh They Thought I was trying to send it to a guy to be hot. Oh my god, these guys are so shitty. They should have been like, I'll come over.


Although, hold on, hold on, hold on. I'll Be a daddy. Well, yeah, I would've been there in a second. Who gives a shit? But if I tucked my boxers up into my butt crack and had like a thong boxers and sent it to Aaron, it was like taste this yummy stew. Ew. we don't call him A stew. Then you girls saw it thinking. I thought that was a, you guys would go like try again. No, I actually don't think so. I mean girls might think it, but they wouldn't be mean directly to you. Well don't you think they would be like, this guy's so fucking ostentatious and over the top. Oh and he thinks he's hot. Like you set up that you're in the wrong. So you're entitled to correct this behavior. I think there's a societal fuck. It's the class you were taking. People break social morays and then other people.


Yeah. you know, I don't think they should have been mean. and I also would've come over, but go ahead. Yeah, They should have just come over. Taken it as an invite. I wasn't offended by what they were saying. I was just frustrated that they didn't understand my intent. They're like, I would drop outta school. Oh No. Oh, Horrible things. and I would just kept being like, guys, that was a joke. Like I meant send to my friends. They're like, what are we born yesterday? Oh no, they really teed off. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Just horrible. I was like, okay, there's nothing I can do here. So I just left the group chat. and I never went to the class for the rest of the semester. Semester. I mean I was So. yeah, you couldn't. I couldn't. But luckily it was Covid years.


So I did have to go back for two tests and I just like wore a mask and like hoodie sunglasses just looked down, ended up getting like a C in the class, which I never really gotten. Aww. And it was social psychology. it was like someone smiles at you. What does this mean? you know? Like I should have gotten a, Should've been an easy a. Oh boy. Okay. Well well Did it cross your mind to go like if I wanted to be sexy it would've looked like this. Put another pick out. Ooh, that's Really doubling down to kind of nullify the first pick. Just double down. Yeah. Like, no this is me. This is what it would've looked like if I was sincere. I get it. You should've considered transferring to a school nearby with nice people.


Oh right. I'm getting into Alabama. you know, I'm not getting into Georgia. Is there a big difference in those schools academically? Yeah. Alabama's known for, you know, easier to get into, but it's still a good school. Yeah, we love it. We're all tied. The other move would've been like, this is what Jim Carrey would've done. He would've been like, fuck, I'm going all the way. I would've shown up for the tests wearing jeans. But then big period panties over the jeans. Yeah, I'm Back. I know you really? I have bad ideas. Yeah. Yeah. I Know. What to make a bad situation worse. Well I think guys can get away with laughing at and humoring at it a little bit more where like it's a little more embarrassing for a girl. If it was my friends, I would've doubled Down.


I'm gonna be honest, I think this would've flown in Detroit a little better. I think there's a little bit more conventional female male roles in the south at these schools. Just 'cause I have a good friend that also was in a sorority at Bama and it's just very like the girls did the girl stuff. It's also just like immature college Kids. Totally. Yeah. Oh, big on Bad. Big Gone bad. Big on bad. Yeah, that'll happen. I still like it. What was the heading again? Come at me. Daddy. Come over Dotie. Let's play. Oh, Come over Daddy. Let's play. It's a good line. You ever done that? It's Great. I like it. I would never, oh my gosh, No one reached out to you privately. 'cause I would also think there's so many young horny dudes that they're like, I can deal with that.


Those aren't my favorite panties, but they're Coming off. Do you want to play? Yeah. We're gonna presumably get you out of those when we play. Or like somebody should have played the hero and been like, I'm so sorry they talked to you like that. Exactly. it was a missed opportunity for these silly Bama guys. These dumb dumbs. Yeah. Roll pride. Zach, I have to tell you a quick story. So the first time I was introduced to you when I was little, I would go down to the basement and I'd watch like MTV and stuff and I was like eight years old. and I have this like ingrained memory of watching punk and you guys were trying to punk Ashton and he caught onto it. He came to you and punked you back and was like, how could you do this?


We're brothers. I just remember immediately you were like, I'm so sorry. Like I should have never done this. Took accountability immediately. and I remember being little and being like, guys don't apologize. and I still remember this day how you took accountability so quickly and was so humble and nice. Wow. That's nice. It Doesn't even ring a Bell. Can you believe that? I mean granted it's 21 years ago. Yeah. I'm gonna take that compliment. Thank. You. Yeah. Yeah. That's very sweet And. it Isn't keeping with your character. So makes sense. Yeah. This isn't it funny, some people have a better opinion of themselves. Retrospectively. I have a worse one. Well 'cause You were on and off. I Was on drugs and I was probably a ton of diet pills in that episode. Yeah, it was So.


yeah. Like a bad relationship. You don't think about the good. Yeah. True. Well, Thank, You, Emma, that was a really fun story. Yeah. and I'm delighted that young 8-year-old saw me and I moved you so Thank. You. Yeah. it was so nice to meet you guys and have a great rest of your day. All right, Take care. Bye.


We are supported by Quince. It's been a busy season of events in travel. We were just in New York filming a bunch of press for the show and you know, we wanted to make sure our clothes were looking good. Always, Always. And that's why I'm thrilled we're partnering with Quince. Quince has all the seasonal must-haves like cashmere sweaters. I love ding ding ding. European linen shirts. All priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands. And that's because they partner directly with top factories. So they cut out the cost of the middlemen and pass on the savings to us. Also falls' a good time to replen your wardrobe. You're moving into a new season. Yeah, I've got a very sexy cashmere sweater from them. Yeah. That I love. And it's just coming up on sweater weather.Get those sweaters. Another cool thing about Quince, they only partner with factories that use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices, which is pretty great. Upgrade your wardrobe with pieces made the last with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


We are supported by ZipRecruiter. Recruiter all get recruiting when you need to hire someone for your team. The last thing you want is for it to take a long time. Research says that a major challenge employers face is the pressure to hire quickly. Well if you're an employer who can relate, I have one question for you. Have you tried ZipRecruiter? ZipRecruiter has figured out how to solve this very problem. In fact, four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. And right now you can try ZipRecruiter for free at ziprecruiter.com/dax. How fast does ZipRecruiter smart technology start showing your job to qualified candidates immediately? You can even invite top candidates for your job to apply to encourage them to apply sooner. So relax employers and let ZipRecruiter speed up your hiring. See for yourself, just go to ziprecruiter.com/dax right now to try it for free. That's the same price as a genuine smile from a stranger. A picture perfect sunset or a cute dog running up to you and licking your hand. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/dax. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire.


Hi. Hi. What Does your shirt say? Champ? Ch Ch. It's Parisian. It's h and m. Did you watch the Olympics and watch them do the speed walking around the Sean I did not. But I heard you talk a lot about the Olympics and I enjoyed that coverage the very most. Well that's probably 'cause you didn't see Snoop Dogg's coverage. That really is the high water mark. it was Great. I heard his was so good. Oh. Yeah, incredible. What A turn Snoop has made in this Life. Right. Well and kind of just kept on going. How he remains cool all these years is impressive. Oh I love him. Yeah. He was enemy number one of the censorship folks. And now he is beloved.


He's on the Olympics now. He's on the Olympics and friends with Martha And on the Super Bowl. Who knew? It makes me like Martha more. I go, oh she's a little nasty. Well we know That. Exactly. I feel like we did kind of already know that. Okay, I guess I'm catching up. Okay. Jill, you had a social media blunder. Yes, I did. And. it actually involves the two of you. No. Oh my god, I'm scared. Oh my God, It's so embarrassing. Okay, so here we go. So it happens back in 2018 And. it starts with my best friend Lindsay. Okay. So she's the kind of person that just has her finger on the pulse of what's cool. Like she reminds me a lot of you Monica. Oh in that way where she's just knows what's cool before anybody else knows what's cool.


She's like a day one arm cherry. She introduces me to the podcast and I love it. It then becomes this very big part of our friendship. We're like talking about you guys, how much we love you guys. She's Monica. I'm more like Dad, blah blah blah And. we love the guest. We're like engaging in your debates. We're just loving it. Do y'all know the app Marco Polo? Yes. Oh. yeah. We used to use it a lot. We did too at the time. And so it's where you're texting but with like a video and so we're doing that all the time. it Was the first thing you could really send video messages off. It's not like FaceTime. You send it, they'll get to it when they get to it. Yeah, it's a great app. And Lindsay and I would engage almost exclusively on there if not in person.


So we're talking about you guys and the podcast all the time. It comes this big part of our friendship. Then fast forward like four months, June 18th, 2018. Oh wow. and I get this package in the mail and it's addressed to Jillian. My name is Jill, it's not Jillian. And so I'm like whoever sent this doesn't know me really well. I open it up inside. Is this S mug left-handed Regular Regs? Yeah. But there's a note from Dax that says Thank You for supporting something so important to me. I'm very grateful. and I in parentheses probably love you resident Armchair Expert Dax. And it's like this printed little note. I'm As confused as you right now.


Wow. My mind is blown. I am like holy cow. Dax just sent me a gift. Somehow he knows I am one of his like top subscribers. This is amazing. I Polo Lindsay right away and I'm like, Lindsay Dax sent me a mug. Did you get a mug? Oh my gosh. I am dying. And I'm also trying to like keep my cool a little in case she didn't get one. And I'm a little better of a listener. I don't know. So I'm just like dying and loving it. I get off Polo, send it. I take like 20 selfies of me with the mug and I like all different poses. Find the best one. Post it to my social media. I tag Dax, I tag armchair.


I don't tag Monica, I don't know her social at the time. And I'm like Thank You and all like just going on and on. It's this long like Oscar speech. Like a half hour later Lindsay polos me back and she is dying laughing. Oh No. She's like Jill, I sent that as a surprise. I bought it from the store Website And I wanted it to surprise you, but I bought it like three months ago. They're so slow on their shipping. So I polo her back. I'm dying laughing, but really I'm just kind of dying. 'cause I'm like, oh my gosh. But before IPA horse, I take down the post. I don't even look to see if anyone's seen it.


I'm so embarrassed. And then I come back to earth. All the logic I threw out the window the second I saw the mug starts flooding. and I'm like, okay. So I thought that Dax was mailing his best listeners these mugs as a gift. And somehow I was like the topes of the top listeners. Sure, sure. And I had your address. You found my address. You took a lot of time. This Is sweet. This is, I'm glad you got that moment where you felt that way. Me Too. My only explanation for being that illogical was like, you guys are my Ben and Matt Monica, obviously you're my Matt. And it was like, yeah, they could definitely be in the the tent next to mine at the same campsite as me.


Sure. Oh my God. I sent the polos to Emma. She gave 'em Rob and the selfies. We laughed about it a little, but it took me a long time to laugh about it a lot. Oh Wait, wait. Is this it Rob? Yeah. Oh no. Well now I'm, my whole heart is swelling and breaking. You're so happy now. I feel really bad. Look how genuinely happy I know. This is so cute. Oh it's so sweet. I mean, yeah, I feel like what do you feel like? I feel like this is our fault. It's our fault. I do think kind of the point of including that note is to make you feel like it is from us and Dax. So you didn't do anything weird.


I think we did a weird thing. No. Alright. right now I'm gonna defend myself. 'cause I sincerely feel that way. Like I really do feel like anyone who would like our show and take the time to buy a mug and want that in their life. Yeah, I'd stand by what I would say to anyone who does that. Oh, I agree. Totally. It's just evidence of your power. Y'all can kind of induce this magical thinking. Like you could be cult leaders and God we'd Be like, God, okay. No, no, no. Well What if the cult though was just like no cool mugs and love and friend friendship. Nope. That's how it always starts. You think we would be corrupted by the power? I think You're mom on Sheila. So you would be poisoning a salad bar at some point I guess.


Yeah, exactly. I'd be benzo out point. Like the bog one. The boon was like on a ton of Valium and he lost total Connection. He was having sex with everyone. Yeah. I don't think any of them go uncorrupted. Exactly. Well Jill, this is such a sweetie Dearing. And look now, yeah, now we get to actually meet you for Real. Kind of better than getting a mug. This is way better than just the mug. But I do drink out of this mug every day and when my husband grabs it, I'm like, maybe don't. I'm a little territorial. Do you know my wife too? She has an NPR. It's called like the leadership circle or something. If you donate a certain amount of money to NPR, you get a special mug. And anytime I try to drink out of it, she really goes ballistic. She's like, you're not in the leadership circle.


That's Right. You are not in the top 50 listeners circle Dave, don't drink out of the mug. You're not an arm Cherry honey's. Well Jill, that's so delightful meeting you. So good to meet y'all. Thanks for chatting. Alright, take care. Can you hear us? I can hear you. Can you hear me? Oh my god, your audio is stellar. Perfect, Greg. It sounds great. I just got a new microphone today. Oh Wow. Oh Well it's banging. We don't normally call out physical attributes 'cause we want everyone to stay anonymous. But you definitely have a Mohawk Oh. yeah, for sure. Whose employee are you under that you're permitted to have a Mohawk? I'm actually a middle school teacher. Oh, I love, Good for you.


And. that principal's just fine with that. It gets even better because during volleyball season I will die just my mohawk. So next week this is actually gonna go purple pink. Ooh. Oh, How Fun. I see. So this is flying under the banner of Team Spirit, not the Exploited or Dead Kennedys. Nobody has said I can't do it, so I'm just gonna keep doing it. Yeah, Keep doing it. That's fun. Have you considered it growing really long and then doing a full that's too much? Yeah. See I can't do long hair. I've had the same short haircut since like first grade. Oh Wow. I really don't venture out very far with the hair. This one, I came down the first time and my wife said, I don't hate it. So that's all I could ask for.


Yeah. Okay. Now the only problem I could see happening, this is comes from my personal wreckage, which is I got Clippers summer between seventh and eighth and I gave a bunch of dudes Mohawks and the parents went crazy and I almost got kicked outta school. So have other boys wanted to emulate you and none of the parents mad So far? No. I've had one or two that said they were going to do it. Nobody has actually committed and done it. I have told a few of them I could give them a haircut, but nobody has taken that challenge either. Okay. On the social media disaster. Yes. First of all, I have to tell you like keep talking about Cedar Point. Oh Thank You. Is that your religion too? I grew up in Fort Wayne. I know Fort Wayne really, really well. Have you ever been to Sturgis, Michigan?


Oh? Yeah. I used to play hockey, so I was all around Michigan and northern Indiana. Okay. Well there was a crappy motel there called the Colonial Motor Inn And. that was my grandparents' motel where I spent a lot of summers. That's awesome. I just wanted to tell you keep spreading that love. Did you hear about the new roller coaster that's coming out in 2025? Yep. Yep. He knows. And I. Think I was there for the first couple of weeks of the millennium being in operation. That was our after prom place. Yeah. Yeah. Big prom destination. Alright, tell us about your social media disaster. The year is 2013. My wife and I were expecting our first child. We had gone the entire pregnancy. Not knowing the gender. You don't get surprised. Its very often in life.


And. that was the one that we wanted. My wife, she's also a teacher, goes to school one day and she's on a field trip with a bunch of kids and starts to have contractions. Finally, about four o'clock, five o'clock in the evening we decided let's go to the hospital. it was two weeks before the due date, so we assumed we're gonna get kicked right back home. No reason to take much. We took our hospital bag, which ironically we had packed the night before. And so we get to the hospital. I realize I don't have my camera and I had taken a bit of photography into my hobbies at the time. So I had a pretty nice camera and I wanted to document everything. So we get to the hospital and we're gonna be admitted.


We're gonna be there for the long haul 'cause this is happening soon. So we called a couple of friends, they brought the camera up, everything was great. We go through the entire labor process. My wife does amazing. Our baby is born a little after 12 And. we find out we have a daughter. I am absolutely ecstatic. This is the best thing ever. At that moment I realized I haven't taken any pictures, so I get the very nice camera out and I just start shooting pictures. Was it a Canon 60 D? It was a Nikon D 90. Oh, Okay, okay, okay. It was a big camera, so it was my time to shine. Yeah. Taking pictures left and right, everything documented at all. So at the time, Facebook didn't have an app.


iPhones were around, but picture quality wasn't fantastic. So I had a memory card that I had in the camera and I took that camera and I put it into my computer. And at the time, like I'm seeing tiny little thumbnail pictures. So I just start grabbing a few of 'em and I'm taking 'em to Facebook on the actual computer. I didn't check anything And. that was my downfall of the day. I get all this stuff loaded onto Facebook, announced to the world that we have a daughter, everything is great. Mom did awesome. She kicked ass through the entire process. And then about six o'clock we're in this stupor of new parents. We haven't slept, doctors, nurses are in and out all night long and it's at that time I start to realize my phone is pretty active.


Ooh. I don't think anything of it. It's just notifications from Facebook. You think it's just all congratulations. Yeah. No time rush here. Correct. There's no reason to check my phone. I have a new kid. This is fantastic. It's about that time nurse walks in. She has a student nurse with her and my wife is sitting in the bed and she gets a text message and I will never forget. She sits up, she looks at me and she goes, I just got a text message. And. it says, congratulations. Your vagina's on Facebook? No. Oh. Oh, wait, wait, wait. No, full vagina. hold on. hold on a second.


I was expecting breast. Yep. How did we get the vagina in the shots? Were you photographing during the delivery? Nope. The picture, actually, I was shooting from my wife's head down, but the angle was still enough. That one picture you could see the doctors still working on stitching up my wife. Oh. Oh no. Oh no. Yep. And then the other one was an angle that you could see things. It wasn't full on, but you could still see it. Yeah, sure. So I go to check my messages and one of her cousins is frantically trying to get ahold of me. Oh God, I don't have your phone number, don.


Don't know how to tell you this. You need to take those pictures down. I don't have your phone number. Oh, that is so funny. So I happen to put my wife's vagina on Facebook. I guess if I saw those, my first curiosity would be like, is this intentional? They're like, embrace birth. There's nothing to be ashamed of here. This is right. you know, you could, you could make an argument that you guys were just like, no, no, you're gonna see this for exactly what it is. That's Very new age though. This was a while ago, right? Yeah, 11 years ago. Yeah, this is like 2013 and we're public school teachers. Yeah. I forgot. Oh my God. We don't need that kind of headline on us Ever. Do you know if any students were following either of your Facebook page At that time?


No. Thank God, because we both had strict rules, like, you can't follow us, you can't be friends with us on Facebook. Oh wow. That is funny. I'm surprised it didn't get flagged. It never did. The best part was afterwards learning who had seen the pictures and who hadn't seen the pictures. Because we would go to people's houses and they would laugh about it. Yeah. And. we would laugh about it. I mean, my wife eventually got over it and forgave me. But my best friend who's like your best friend, Aaron Weakley, he came over and him and his wife were sitting there. They're holding our daughter and he won't look us in the eyes.


Oh boy. Oh boy. From that point on, we knew he had seen the pictures. He Looked for a minute. So we just asked him. He was like, yes, I saw the pictures. Please don't talk about it. Oh Wow. Yeah, that's a mishap for sure. It's A 50. it Was bad. It's a big ess. When this prompt came on, I immediately called my wife and said, I don't know if you want me to tell this to armchair expert, but I think this prompt was actually made for us. So I think there's added pressure when you're a school teacher. Definitely. Like you're kind of not allowed to be doing all the stuff everyone else in public would like. Do you even feel weird? Like if you're at the bar in your town, Oh. yeah. They're like, why does my school teacher drink? you know? I don't know. It's interesting. The school we used to teach at, it was commonplace for us to go to like a restaurant and if we had a beer or something, we'd put it into a different cup.


There's a wall there that people think that you just don't do these things. Yeah. It's kinda weird. It's unrealistic and I don't know why. They're supposed to be acting like they're teaching school everywhere they go. I mean, in some ways I think it's helpful because if you think of your teachers as just regular people, it might be harder to think of them as authorities. Yes. In some ways you have to compartmentalize them as like something different in order to listen or care. I still think of other teachers that are outwardly sharing things on social media now, and it's like, well, yeah, You wanna buffer. Kinda like your therapist. Two of my teachers got busted. They're both married and they had an affair. And it kind of small town, And. it all got out.


And. that was really trippy as a student going like, oh wow. They were in the break room. Yeah. This is my 18th year in education. I've seen some things. Oh, Greg, this was delightful. Yeah, That Was fun. Give our love to your wife for allowing us to hear that. Is it all right if she comes in Oh? yeah. Oh, please. Yeah. My daughter actually wants to say hello as well. Sure. She's part of the story. She thinks this is really, really cool. She got outta school early for this. This is my daughter. Hi. Hi. What's her name? McKenna. McKenna. Are you 11? Yes, I am. Did you just start middle school? I did. How's it going? Pretty good, I guess. Well, middle school is rough. Is your dad a teacher at your school? My mom is. Your mom is? My Mom is.


That's fun. Is that sweet or do you try to avoid her? No, I don't try to avoid her, but she's in the elementary school. Oh, okay. That's a blessing. Well, nice meeting you. Can I say hi to your mom? Thank. You. You too. Yeah. Here you go. Hello. Hi there. Hi. I feel like I should be telling this story. You're the victim and The star, Right? I can laugh now. 11 years later. Yes. Well, thanks for letting your husband tell us that story. it was fantastic. Yes. All right. Great meeting you guys. I Really appreciate this. You guys mean the world. I listen to you every day on my trip to school. Oh, Thank. You. Lovely. All right. Take care you guys.


Bye. Bye. Well, That was fun. Lots of good mishaps. Yeah. Mishaps abound. Mm Mm That's scary world out there. The internet. Yeah. You're just one quick click away, you know? Yeah. If you're not really looking at what you're clicking at, You don't know what you're putting out there. I'm surprised there was no text message. I guess social media. Yeah, we could, we could do text messages too. Yeah. Like when I sent Kristen's mom a eggplant. Yeah, we could ies. Alright, love you. Bye. Do you wanna sing a tune or something? We do a theme song. Oh, okay. Great. We don for this new show, so here I go. We're gonna some random questions, some suggestions.


Enjoy.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey. Hey, armchairs,


quick question for you. Have you ever stopped to wonder who came up with that bottle of sriracha sitting in your fridge? Or why almost every house in America has a game of Monopoly stashed away somewhere? Well, this is Nick and this is Jack And. we just launched a brand new podcast called The Best Idea, yet it's all about the surprising origin stories of the products you're obsessed with, and the people who brought them to life. Like Super Mario, the best selling video game character ever. He's only a thing because Nintendo couldn't get the rights to Popeye or Jack. How about McDonald's Happy Meal? Believe it or not, the Happy Meal was dreamed up by a mom in Guatemala every week on the best idea. Yet, you'll discover the surprising stories behind the most viral products of all time while picking up real business insights along the way. We guarantee you'll be that person at your next dinner party, dropping knowledge bombs at the table. Follow the best idea yet on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to the best idea yet early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.