
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm Dak. She, I'm joined by Monica Padman. Hello. I'm gonna be the first to admit I poo-pooed this prompt. I'm mean, I didn't poo poo it. I signed off on it, but I had low expectations grocery stores. Yeah. You were like, what? What could happen at a Grocery? Store? Boy was I wrong? This was one of the most barn burner episodes we've had in forever. It was really fun and lots of left turns, left curve balls, Poodie violence, injury pop outs, and then a heartwarming story.


So this was a, this is a tricky one 'cause you definitely should not listen to the first three stories. Yeah. But then the last story's very heartwarming, so you can listen to that one. You can. So I don't know how you do this. You can listen to the first one for sure. Well, it has blood. A small amount of blood Sound like a lot of blood child apparel too. Fuck. Just skip it. Oh, fuck you. aren, right? It is a great episode though. It's a bummer. You can't listen to it. Sorry. You can't hear it. Yeah. We'll be back next week with some other great one. Before we go and turn loose the Grocery Store stories, we want to announce prompts. And guess what we're gonna do September and October at once. We're gonna cast a wider net. We're gonna flood Emma's inbox and make her crazy. Okay, so this is for September.


Not that you need to know that. Tell us about a first day of school or lunchroom disaster. Tell us about a blessing in disguise. Tell us about an internship disaster. Tell us a crazy church story now in October, tell us a crazy convenience store story that's based on how good Grocery Store was. I've had a lot of convenience store stories. That's hard to Say. I'm, I'm worried that it's just gonna be you Who writes in. I might write in. Yeah. Tell us about a horrible boss. We love Horrible bosses. They even made a couple movies about it. Yeah, they did. Tell us about a social media fail Th these could hit all kinds of spots. Tell us a crazy hotel story.


So, hotel story, social media fail, horrible boss convenience store, crazy church internship, disaster blessing in disguise and first day of school or lunchroom disaster. Please write in. We would love to talk to you and hear the juicy stories. Please enjoy Grocery Store debacle. And I. Gotta know. Hi. Hi.


Look At this gorgeous fort. Yeah. What a cozy fort you're in. Thank you. All of our closets don't get good wifi. So this was the best option. It looks really cozy. It feels like something I wanna go take a nap in. Yeah. You should consider keeping it in your house as a, what do they call those rooms? Where you go to like if you're having a bad trip at a Oh yeah. At a concert venue. It's Like a safe room or something. Yeah, I'll consider that. Okay. Where are you calling us from? I am from San Diego. Oh, wonderful. Many of our good friends are from the San Diego area. That's right. Were you involved in Youth Christian Theater? I was. Oh my God. You were? No way. Yes. Christian Youth Theater.


C-Y-T-C-Y-T-I Used to work for them in choreograph for them for a long time. Yeah, no. Oh my goodness. So you know the The Hansens Well, the Russells unbelievable. Okay, great. We love, love that. And, and you have a Grocery Store story on top of it. I do have a Grocery Store story. This story actually takes place in 2013. And at the time we were living in San Jose, I have three daughters. They were six, four and one years old. So I had just picked up my middle daughter, Amber, from ballet class, And I had like an hour to spare. I decided to check out the brand new shiny market that was right next door to her ballet studio.


So I have my 1-year-old in the baby seat in the cart, and Amber is beside me and she's in her little pink leotard and tutu and she is walking beside me down the aisle and she's getting lots of compliments of how cute she's looking. And she's like kind of dancing down the aisles and people are egging her on. We get to the end of one of the aisles, And I. Remember I turn for a second and it's the jellies and jams. And I turn and like pick up a jar. And all of a sudden I hear this crash happen. And I thought the entire shelf of Jam Bell. That's how bad the crashed glass everywhere substances flying.


And I'm like, what happened Really quick? You're in California is your like first thought earthquake. Oh. Or child. I've been in several earthquakes. There wasn't ground rumbling. It was like a crash. Bang glass flying everywhere happening. So I looked down the aisle a little way. At the end of the aisle, my daughter had danced into a display of wine. They had put red wine, white wine into like a tower display. Oh. And she had crashed into it and the entire display had fallen over. Oh no. And there was wine everywhere, glass everywhere. My daughter's like in the middle of the mess.


Obviously we're making a big scene. A crowd is gathering around us. Oh, I'm in shock. I have my cart and my 1-year-old And I am just stunned. I don't know what to do. And out of nowhere, probably like six workers come gathering around us and they're like giving us towels and trying to dry off my daughter. She's crying and hysterical this whole time. And one of them notices that my daughter's leg is cut. It's bleeding pretty badly. Ooh. Really quick. Kind of confusing. If there's red wine in the mix, this doesn't make it the most obvious thing I've been here. Is it a cut or is it red wine? You spilled your drink on yourself. Exactly. So this is embarrassing to say, but my first thought wasn't is my daughter.


Okay. My first thought was how am I gonna pay for all this wine? I think that's natural. Yeah. Yeah. Because that is a lot. And so the workers come over and one of them notices that she's cut and they're like, Hey, can you grab her and we'll wheel your other baby in the cart and we'll take you guys to the back. So I pick her up, they wheel us to the back room. In the back room. There's the first aid kit. And I'm just quickly realizing that I think they think I might sue them. Oh. 'cause they just begin to shower us with gifts. Oh, my daughter is handed this like organic, bigger than her face chocolate chip cookie. Oh, lollipop coloring books. They're like, what do you want?


You can have the store. Yeah. Bandaging her up. And so I'm just still shocked. They finally get her cleaned up. The cut isn't super bad, doesn't need stitches or anything. They just clean her up. My daughter's actually more upset that her leotard has wine on it. And the cut. Yeah, you're worried about the money. She's got some dough tied up in these tights. Like everyone's straight to the merch. Exactly. They get her cleaned up. I just have a few items in my cart and they wheel us to the front of the checkout line. They tell me I don't have to pay for anything in my cart. Whoa. They bag me all up. They ask me if I need help. And I am like, no, I'm okay. You guys have done enough. I just wanna leave at this point and get out of there. So I take my baby and my 4-year-old and we get to the car.


I had to change the clothes. So I was able to change her. And we get strapped in And. I will never forget. I was about ready to give her a lecture on maybe we should be more careful in the grocery stores and all this stuff. And, I turn around and look at her in her car seat about ready to give her my lecture. And she's eating her ginormous organic chip cookies, A reward. And I said, Amber, did you learn anything today? And she said, it's okay to dance in grocery stores as long as it's not next to wine. Oh, see, she knew. Yes, she do. To this day, she's a dancer. And so it was worth it. She's now in high school and goes to a performing arts sporting school for dance.


Oh, no kidding. Wow. Incredible. And is she a whio as well? That'd be a great, Or she's sober. She's afraid of wine. You aren Not quite old enough, but maybe one day we're working on it Now. Not that you're a greedy little pig like me, but after you realized all your groceries were free on the car ride home where you're like, fuck, I should have went harder. Kind of. Yeah. It's like I'm not done shopping guys. I think everyone has the shopping market. Sweepstakes fantasy. Yeah, absolutely. Where you run through and fill up a card as fast as you can. And that's virtually what you stumbled into. Get That Mary's organic chicken. Oh yeah. A couple thousand dollars worth of chicken. It would've been weird if you would've bought some of the wine.


But did you happen to notice on subsequent trips there that they had learned a lesson like Forget your daughter. Actually, my daughter wanted to send like, I'm sorry, note after. So a couple days later she drew a little picture of her with crashing bottles of wine all around Her. And a little note that said, I'm sorry, And. I went in And I actually found the manager that was helping band up. And. I gave him the note and he hung it on his bulletin board in the back office. And they were super sweet. But I did notice that there was no wine displays on the end of the aisle. Not just for little dancing ballerinas, but a lot of times people are on their phone kind of pushing their cart forward as they text. Like just a big pyramid of glass in an aisle is probably not, Carts are already hard to navigate.


Maneuver. Yeah. I could imagine that going poorly. I'm still kind of getting over the fact that I just randomly guessed if she was involved. I helped found CYT in Santa Cruz. Oh, no Kidding. Oh my God. And then when it started in San Diego, then I joined the team here as part of the directors. Oh my God. So do you know Amy Russell Hansen? Matt Hansen? Not Really, but I do know she's related. Yeah, yeah, yeah. To the wrestles. But no, I dunno her. But I know she's friends with you guys. So I've always kind of said by third removal, we're friends. Absolutely. That's so fun. Yeah. It's only one degree of separation really. Can I give a shout out really quick? Please. My friend Rochelle, we're both Armchair Expert fan, so I wanted to give her a shout out.


And it was her birthday this week too. So happy birthday, Rochelle. Happy Birthday. So happy to have you. Great meeting you. And thank you for telling us that Great story. Thank You. Take care. Bye bye. That's wild. Truly Wild. Yeah. The world is simmy. Simmy is lazy. Simmy is hot for the summer. Yeah. Too hot behind the curtain. The air was too strong for you in here. And you went and fetched a sweatshirt. And now are you regretting it? No, you're still cold. Okay, great. My tea is cold. Everything's cold. My heart is cold. Morgan, I think. I bet It's Morgan. Morgan. But there's A NND. I know there's too many letters for sure, but there's no way. It's Morgan, Morgan, Morgan.


We'll find Out. Is it y? Oh no, Morgan. Morgan. Morgan. Oh boy. Hello. Hey. We were just deciding exactly how to pronounce your name. Is it Morgan or Morgan? It's just Morgan. My mom just wanted to fuck around with everyone. I like a little twist. My mom does too, apparently. Where are you Morgan? I Know you like the guessing game sometimes. Well, You're clearly in a closet. I Okay. But there's jackets and stuff, so it's a cold and environment. I wanna say Soto, but you don't have the accent. But I'm In a tank tap right now too. Oh, So It's warm. Currently Utah. Colorado. That's a good guess. Lobby Colorado. Our final answer, Buffalo. Oh, I don't think I would've got there.


Yeah, I never would've. Okay, So you're in Buffalo. Does your Grocery Store story take place in Buffalo? It does not. It takes place on the first day of my honeymoon, my 29th birthday in Rome. Oh, Okay. Wait, you got married right on your birthday and went on your honeymoon. We got Married June 29th, so like six weeks ago. And then went to Italy two days after we got married. Wait, So this story's New. It's like from a month ago. Yeah. Exciting. We rarely get 'em this fresh. First of all, congratulations on your nuptials and also congratulations on a great pick for a honeymoon Rome. So I took some notes just 'cause I'm like freaking out 'cause I'm so excited and nervous and anxious and all of the good things.


Before I start, I wanna give a quick shout out to my sister. 'cause literally when you guys said the prompt of Grocery Store, she texted me in all caps. I was like, Morgan, you need to Submit this. So Shout out to Alyssa. How'd she spell? Alyssa? E-L-I-S-S-A. Okay. She's got a twist too. I love it. I love your mom. Me too. So we're in Rome. We got there, like I said, on my birthday. So it was July 2nd. That's Aaron Weekly's birthday. You're J two C. July 2nd cancer. Wow, That's huge. Woo. Amazing. Rare club. Okay. So we had just gone out to dinner. My dad's from Italy, so I've been there a couple times and it was Josh's, my now husband's first time in Italy. So we were super excited to be there.


We went out to dinner, super nice dinner. After that we were walking around, I was like, let's go to the Spanish steps. So we walked all the way up the Spanish steps. And, I. Look at Josh And. I was like, oh I have to poop. Oh Sure. Oh we love with this Happens. Sure, sure, sure, sure. And if you're at the top of the Spanish steps and you go to the left, there's that little peninsula in a hotel right there. Maybe you could duck him there. And are you the type of relationship where you guys talk about poops Clearly? Oh yeah. Oh great. He literally like lifts his leg up and farts on me. It's disgusting. Sure. Oh Wow. Well Buffalo, Michigan. Yeah. Real unfortunate for me, Midwest, you know, that kind of vibe. So we had like a 20 to 30 minute walk back to the Airbnb. So we're like, okay, let's start walking back.


I start like profusely sweating. Hmm. I'm like, not. Okay. Whoa, whoa. I'm like, okay, let's start going into stores asking them if they have a bathroom. We don't really know how like the public restrooms were. It's really hard to find. Hey, can I Ask you a quick question? Is this feeling just like, oh, I've got a poop. Or I am sick. It sounds like with the sweating, maybe sweating is not good. But also it's very hot out. So I don't know. I didn't feel like sick. I just knew I needed to get to a bathroom almost immediately. Okay, great. We went into like at least three places and everyone was like, oh, we don't have a restroom. Some people just straight up ignored us. So we keep going. Oh and by the way, I'm wearing a dress with bike shorts under that's important to the story. So we're like walking. I look at my GPS and I'm like, okay, we have 11 minutes left.


Oof. And I. Look at him. And I was like, I cannot go on any longer dripping sweat. I could hardly walk. You were having to pinch your butt cheeks and stuff. Yeah, I was like nervous. Someone like squeak out. It was not fun. Yeah, yeah. I've never shi my pants. Yeah. In public at home once. Yeah. Okay, There we go. But not in public. So I was like, I can't shit on the street right now. Like there's so many people. Yeah. Like I can't do this. I don't know what to do. So I like run into this Grocery Store. I'm like, okay Josh, help me ask people. So I run to the back trying to look for a door to the bathroom and I'm asking people restocking the shelves and they're like, I don't know. I was like, this is an emergency. Yeah. Oh. Oh I need a bathroom. So Josh was asking like the cashiers up front and at this point I was like, there's no holding this.


So you know those plastic bags that you put fruit in? Sure. Yeah, Absolutely. The see-through ones. So I grab one of those 'cause I'm like, okay, it's gonna happen somewhere in here. And I. Just wanna be like mindful and thoughtful to try to not make a mess. Wow. It's desperate times love. Yeah. They called for desperate measures. Oh yeah. So I grab one of those plastic bags. I see this door in the back corner. I feel like I like blacked out 'cause I was so frantic. But it was just like this little room. And then I see another door. So I run into that door and it was the cooler, the walk-in cooler. I like lifted my bike towards off And. I had explosive diarrhea. Oh, in the bag? Wow. Into the See-through bag.


You were able to contain it to The bed. Oh, let's find out. Oh, okay. I was not. Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. There's no way. Oh my God. Those bags are small. I know. I didn't know what else to Do. Yeah, you're doing the best you can. Of course. This is like as responsible as you could get. Oh my God. You're in the coolers. All the fresh stuff's in there. We're talking with potentially thousands of dollars in damaged goods. Okay. So yeah. So I've just start having explos diarrhea On the floor. Oh yeah. I listened to another episode recently and you said whenever you start pooping pee just starts coming out. Well that's exactly what happened to me. Oh. Oh Man. I just started peeing like just uncontrollably. Oh my God. Your body. My body is just getting rid of literally everything.


It's Betraying you. Betraying me In the cooler. In the cooler. Okay. When you guys say cooler, you mean like refrige refrigerator. Let's just say what it is. A refrigerator. It Is a refrigerator. Yeah. Really Quick. Did you let the door shut behind you? I always have this panic in those things that you're gonna trapped. Yeah. Oh, I slammed down. I Need a couple details. Did you at some point just jettison the bag and go fuck it? Or did you keep trying to get everything in the bag? I think the bag like fell out of my hand while I was shitting. Yes. Like I think poop just hid it and it like just fell to the ground. Blasted it outta your hand. It Probably splashed it even further. Like made it all worse. Oh my God. I was almost crying while pooping too. Because I'm like, oh my God, what am I doing?


This is so shameful. Yes. I feel so bad. What is my life? What is happening? So I'm like looking around to see if there's anything I can clean it up with any paper towels, any towels of any sort. Obviously there's nothing in there. So I'm like looking around. I notice I shit on some nice Italian cheese. That was the only thing I hit. Everything else was farther back. But there's cheese like Right, Right near my butt. Oh my Goodness. This is that. Such a disaster. Maybe. And by the way, this is not to shame you 'cause I love this. That's weirdly the grossest combination I could hear is that there was like an aged cheese with shit on it And it was open. Why Big? Is it like a big block of cheese?


No. So it was a small like bre, all the bigger stuff Where in the back. But like I just looked around And. I was like, yep, I just shit on some cheese. Oh, A brie Wheel. I think I would've been so overwhelmed by life. I would've taken that brie and just slammed it on the ground. Squished it all up with you blamed it On the Brie. Yeah. Like, Oh my god, you're so lucky. I broke this brie open. Look what was inside. Honestly like not a bad idea. I really wish I would've done that. You guys saved the day. Guys. I'm a hero. And it's my birthday. This was in, oh, I forgot that part Birthday. What the fuck That is. Is so unfair. Really quick too. Not to drag this out too long, but in a way you would think the worst part's over, but it's not at all.


Oh, I know this. Shitting all over the place isn't even the beginning. I know. I need to hear. Are you gonna try to sneak out? Okay, we'll find out. Here we go. So I'm like looking around, obviously I shit all over the floor. I peed all over the floor. I shit on some cheese, so I'm like, take my bike shorts off. And there was nothing to clean up with. So I wiped my ass with my bike shorts. Oh, Naturally. Yeah. Left them in there and rented out. Stop, stop, stop. Of course. Did you take the brie? Oh no. Oh, I wasn't touching that. I would never touch that shitty brie. Oh My God. You had to. This was, I've done the same Thing. It doesn't change anything. If you stick around, we still need an employee to get a mop and all kinds of stuff.


Okay, so you run outta the cooler And Josh is waiting at the second most door. So he must've saw me like run in And. I was like, we need to leave immediately. This is like a crime scene to me. Like I am like guilty. I'm shameful. We need to leave. So the first five minutes of our walk back to the Airbnb, she was like silent. I was like, do you still love me? You just married me. Do you wanna continue being married to me? I can't believe what I just did. Is this what 29 is freaking out about everything. And then I found out that traveler's diarrhea is a thing. Yeah, I've Heard of it. Is this where you're constipated for a few days 'cause of all the change and then finally your body's like, we gotta get all this out. Is that what happens? I wasn't constipated at all. Because there's new bacterias and stuff in these other places that we're not used to.


Well, when I was on my ure trip with my girlfriend Carrie, when I was 19, every time we had to get on a train and go to another city, I would have like, I guess anxiety about, oh, we gotta get there and we gotta figure out a house. And. I gotta use this map. And there was no phones. And so that was happening to me where every time we got some Maria, I had diarrhea. And one time in particular, we got out at the train station in Switzerland. And I ran to the bathroom and you had to be able to put whatever their currency was in the fucking lock to get it open. And there was about a two foot gap at the top of the door. But that was about five feet in the air. And. I had to jump up and go over the top of that thing. My God.


And just made it to diary and time. Well Thank God you're so tall. You could just hop that Five foot privilege easily. P wow. So when you told him the whole thing, was he kind of proud of you? I don't think proud is the right word. He was like, if that ever happens again, you just need to shit yourself. Oh. Oh Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying to imagine. That's probably right. There's gonna be some judgmental people. I don't condone that. But some people will be judgmental. Right? Maybe they work at a Grocery Store and they're like, God damnit, this woman came out. I would have to clean that cheese salesman right now is mad. Whoever's mad. And I'm trying to think what would they have done. But I guess Josh, your new husband's point, maybe you just go in your pants. Yeah. Every time I've been in this situation, I pull my pants down. I don't want to fill my pants. So I guess it is selfish.


Yeah, you should fill your pants and not someone else's. Of course. But I'm not in any judgment whatsoever. I would've done the same thing. No One's thinking clearly. You're panicked. Yeah. I was so panicked. It was so tough. A little tiny more tidbit. I've had some poop issues in the past. I went to Italy with Imodium ready for me. So after that happened, I just kept taking Imodium. 'cause I was so nervous it was gonna happen again. And then like five days later, I almost passed out because I was so constipated because I took so much Imodium. Yeah. Oh God. Are you Crohn's adjacent or anything? Or IBS adjacent. My friend who has IBS also thinks I have IBS. But like nothing comes back. There's something wrong. A lot of women have it. It's a very high percentage. Its sexy. Yeah. Of women have ideas. So you probably have it. Don't let those doctors tell you you don't have it.


Yeah. Monica would never looked that. No, no. You have It. Well Morgan, that was delightful. Yeah, I loved that. Can he actually say hi? Oh Yeah. Hi guys. Hi John. It was nice to meet you both. I'm a huge fan of the podcast. Oh, wonderful. Also a big fan of without a pedal. Oh, thank you. Thank you. 20 year anniversary coming up. Let me ask you, when you were running around the Grocery Store and talking to different Italians, what was your panic level out of 10? I was at a 9.5. And the only reason probably I wasn't at a 10 is 'cause I wasn't the one who had to poop. Yeah, Exactly. But I was sweating just as bad.


I've been there before. Right? Yeah. Mirror neurons are Firing. It's a situation where in some weird way you're supposed to protect your lady. This is a very traumatic situation. You need to protect her. And there's not much you can do. There Isn't And. I did not speak Italians, which didn't help at the time. Everybody's staring at me and I'm just shouting bathroom and Italian over and over again and nobody's giving me anything. Well, Lovely meeting both of you. Was such a great time. Nice meeting you too. Yeah. So nice meeting you Guys. And again, when you get through something like that on day one of a honeymoon, that's a good sign. I'm very bullish about the long-term results of this union. Thank you. Well, I appreciate that. Thank you. All right.


Well, wonderful meeting both of you. Take Care. Nice to meeting you guys too as well. Thank you So much. All right, byebye. Bye. Well, that was so funny. And it was, I tried saying, take care. I never say that. Ah, that's a new, yeah. I'm gonna You give that a shot? Give that a shot. Oh, that was fun. Wild. That it was only a month ago. Can't believe it got on the cheese. Ooh. I know. Hearing those two words together, I feel like I would've taken the cheese with me just out of You would've added theft to the List of Yeah know, but, but really, but you know, it's better. 'cause what if someone eats It? They'll, well, that's the scary part when they got in. I mean, by the way, what a terrible day at work for somebody. I know. They're like, Philippe, go grab something out of the fridge.


And some guy just unsuspectingly thinks he's running to the cooler to grab something. He walks in and he is like, I Mama m Papa Pia. Okay, go ahead. Somebody Had a diarrhea there. It's yeah. Yeah. Fuck. I figured, why did I think of that while we were talking to her? This is the most perfect moment for mama. Okay. You got in In, you got in. Okay. Okay. Okay. Maybe we'll hear from a Grocery Store clerk from Italy. I would hope so. I That's like, remember that happened to us? The The wolf. The wolf. Yeah. Kenny Wolfs feel fake. I would quit. I would walk in there. You would And I would walk right out. Put in my one minute's notice. I would think this is an opportunity for me to really elevate my standing in this organization.


No, you Wouldn't. I would.


What's up guys? It's your girl Kiki. And my podcast is Back with a new season. And let me tell you, it's so good. And I'm diving into the brains of entertainment's best and brightest. Okay. Every episode I bring on a friend and have a real conversation. And I don't mean just friends. I mean the likes of Amy Poer, Kel Mitchell, Vivica Fox, the list goes on. So follow watch and listen to baby. This is Kiki Palmer on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcast.


Hello. While you're hitting record, I'm gonna tell you how beautiful your skin is. Are you noticing that too, Monica? It's like porcelain beautiful. It is Nice. My wife is gonna be so proud of me that you said that. 'cause she has been on my ass about taking better care of my skin as I get into my thirties now. Okay, Great. And an ounce of prevention's. Truly worth a pound of cure. And is that a Basquiat reproduction behind you? No, it is definitely that style though. I do a bunch of paintings and stuff. Oh, Is that yours? Yeah. It's One of my Wow. It's very move again. I love it. Good. Oh, it's very cool. Yeah. A very Basquiat Titled This one Hangry. 'cause I'm one of those guys that when I get hungry, I get pissed off and I'm a jerk. So that's me when I haven't had breakfast.


Nice. Have you ever been diagnosed with hypoglycemia? I don't know. All the men in my family, we all get real angry when we're hungry. So maybe there's a common theme there. Yeah. Maybe ask the doctor to glucose be glucose tolerance. Glucose test. Okay. you aren. Glucose intolerance. Okay. And then the last thing I just need to talk about before we talk about grocery stores is what a great Mickey's tea. Back when I was a drinker, I would always make room for some Mickey's. For me, opening day baseball was a great Mickey's. I have the same story. I don't drink anymore. I stopped drinking six years ago. Best decision I ever made in my life. But I saw this shirt at like a thrift store a couple months ago, and it immediately just brought me back to some good memories in college. And I was like, I'm rocking that shirt. I don't care. Oh, love it.


Vintage. Have you ever drank Mickey's? I haven't. It's a very unique taste. It's a malt liquor. You're not missing anything, Monica. Okay. It's, it's pretty nasty stuff. Kenny? No, Monte, He's always trying to get me to drink weird stuff. He like forced me to drink Guinness In England on on tap. She's gotta do that. Right? I Had one sip. Guinness Is actually kind of respectable. I know. Mickey's is like in college. It's how quickly and affordably can I get drunk? That's Right. Oh, is it like a Naty light Type? Well, it's malt liquor, so that alcohol content's higher. Like think Colt 45. Oh, whoa. Okay. Yeah, I don't know what it is, but it's probably like 6% alcohol instead of four. So you can get pretty hammered for six bucks, which is a win.


Everyone drinks Mickey's in the forties, although they do have these cute little 12 ounce glass bottles. Anyways, enough about Mickey's. So, although kind of on topic, Grocery Store. Sure. That's where you would buy Mickey's. Kenny hit us with your Grocery Store story. Yes. So let me set the scene. This is my junior year of college when this takes place. I, at the time am living in Glendora, California. So not too far. I know it by Azua. Yep. So I was going to Azua Pacific. And I moved off campus. And I, moved to Glendora, which is just, you know, the next town over. And because I was living off campus now, had a girlfriend, things are going well. Like I wanted a job off campus. So I got a job at a local Grocery Store. I'm the bagger. I am the bottom of the totem pole.


I am cleaning trash bags, cleaning the meat room. Just all the nasty stuff you do when you're 21 years old and you just need a job. This story takes place on a Saturday nights. I had a night shift, so I was gonna get off around 10:00 PM I had plans to go hang out with my girlfriend afterwards. I don't really remember anything from the shift. This all takes place immediately after I clocked out. So I see it's 10 o'clock. I walk over to the little clock out machine, punch in my numbers, And I. Start to head towards our break room to grab my stuff and head out. Side note, there's not two entrances. Some grocery stores have, you know, an entrance on either side of the store. This one just has one entrance right in the middle of the store.


Two very simple retractable glass doors. That's the only way to get in and out of the Grocery Store, our break room is right next to the front entrance. So as I'm almost to that door, the retractable doors open, And I. See a man frantically running for his life, sprinting into the store. Oh wow. As he comes and just passes me like almost near brushes my shoulder. I'm about to say to him something to the degree of, excuse me sir. No running in the store. I'm gonna say something like that. Yeah, yeah. But as I'm about to let those words come out of my mouth, I notice there's a cop chasing him. Ooh. Tasty. He runs past me and he gets to about the register still running when the cop enters the store.


And now the cop is right next to me. This is all happening within three seconds. So I kind of turn And I look to see what the hell is going on. And as I look back to see what the guy's doing, he reaches in his waist, pulls a gun. No. And immediately starts unloading at the cop And I. Oh, Oh oh, oh my. Okay. Wait, we need one second here. God. Talk about how quickly life can change now. Three seconds. You're like very inconveniently. Standing next to the cop by accident. Oh my God. Whoa. I was headed out for the night, gonna have a good night. And within five seconds, all hell has broken loose. Oh my god.


Lord. He's shooting at the cop. But I'm right next to the cop. So out of instinct, I think I dropped to the floor out of training. The cop does the same. So me and the cop hit the floor. Bullets are flying past us. They're hitting the glass retractable doors. So glass is going everywhere. The ceiling tiles are starting to come down because he's shooting so rapidly. The bullets are hitting some of the ceiling and there are Doritos flying everywhere. Wow. Because the cop, And, I are kind of hiding behind this Dorito chip display. Oh My God. Nice. That I just put together. Yeah.


So it was my handy work that I kind of had this space to hide. But If memories serves me, Doritos aren't hard to shoot through. Not a great, they're quite flimsy. Yeah. Yeah. Not bulletproof. No. Eventually there's a lull in the guy's shooting. As soon as that happens, the cop kind of pushes me down, jumps up, and the cop shoots back three or four times. Ooh. As soon as those shots were let off, there was an eerie silence in the entire Grocery Store. So at that point, I looked to my right remembered, there's the break room, I gotta get to some safety. So I scooted on my butt across the little walkway, somehow remembered the code and got into the break room to hide.


Oh God. Oh my Lord. Thank God. So I get in the break room, I'm checking myself, I'm shaking, I'm freaked out. But I eventually realized I'm okay. I don't think I got hit by anything. There's no blood. I'm okay. I'm alive. The funniest thing is, the first thing I did was call my girlfriend and be like, we can't hang out tonight. I'm thinking I might be able to salvage that still at this point. Oh, you want to hang, hang. Yes, of course. Yeah. Oh my gosh. You're like, I'm gonna be five minutes late. Yeah, Something's come up, but don't worry, babe. But maybe you had the foresight to know like, oh, I'm gonna be answering. Yeah, I'm gonna be filling out some forms. Yeah. So she's freaking out. But I'm just continuing to tell her like, you may not hear from me for a couple hours, but I'm alive. So I look back out into the little window, back into the Grocery Store.


Tons of other cops are running in now. So I got a bang on the door to tell them I'm in here. I'm putting my hands up through the little tiny window so they can see. They eventually find me. They immediately pull me out of the door, pat me down, make sure I am who I say I am. And they pull me out and eventually take me off to the police station to answer all these questions. And that is where I found out that this guy was not actually trying to rob the or anything. He had been on a spree of a bunch of other thefts and doing all sorts of stuff all around Los Angeles for about the last week. Oh. And they had been trying to find him. And so they eventually found him driving down the street. Happened to be by the, and he was just running away from the police.


And I don't know what he was gonna do when he got into the Grocery Store, but he was just running. Right. Yeah. He's panicked. And if he's on a like a week long thing, he might be in some kind of psychotic Yeah. Episode. Did the cop shoot him? Is that why there was silence? Did he hit his target? Yes, He did. I didn't see that. I was face down in the Dorito display hiding. So like I'm thankful that I didn't really see what happened back behind me. Yeah. The craziest part is, I know bullets were close to me. I know they were at me. I don't know how close, I don't know if he missed me by five feet or if he missed me by a millimeter. I have no clue to this day. Yeah. Did the cop get Shot? No, actually neither of us got shot.


So it's pretty crazy. So that was the first part of the story, which was my experience. I wanna tell you about the second part of the story, which is somebody else's experience of this night. Yeah. So I'm at the police station. There's a bunch of us there that night, and we all have to give our statements. Can I ask really quick, how busy was that at 10:00 PM at that time? Were there like eight people in line? Was there two Not too busy? There was about four of us staff and maybe 10 people in the store. So there's, you know, 15 of us there at the police station. They order us pizza. They say it's gonna be a long night, hang out, eat some pizza. We're gonna get you one at a time. So during that time, we are all kind of telling each other our stories and just being there for each other.


I see a man and his wife and there's two little kids with them. I don't recognize these people. I mean, at least spark up a conversation with him. The family didn't live in California. He was a professor and they were in Colorado, Azusa Pacific. My college was wanting to interview him for a new job position. Oh Boy. Yeah. You see where this is going. His wife does not wanna take this job. She tells me that night that she was freaked out because she had heard Los Angeles was dangerous. He had assured her Glendora Azua pretty safe area. Oh no, we're totally fine. So they decided they're gonna take the interview anyways, they fly into Ontario Airport and on their way to the hotel, they decide, Hey, let's stop and get some snacks before we get to the hotel.


Oh my God. Fucking what a first impression. As they're pulling up into the parking lot to go into the three bullets hit the side of their car. Oh, Oh my God. The strays exiting. The Grocery Store. Exactly. Bang, bang, bang into the side of the car. Thankfully didn't penetrate and hit them. It just kind of stuck in the side of the car. Whoa. So they had to go to the police station and give their testimony as well. My guess is he did not take the job. About a month later, I see the cop, I see him at a restaurant, I walk over to him, I'm like, Hey, are you the guy that was in that shooting at s And he immediately gets stiff and is like, who's asking? So I tell him, I was the kid on the floor with you.


And we hid behind the Doritos. He immediately relaxes. Gives me a big hug. We talked for a long time. And I was able to thank him. He like, thanks for kind of saving my life there. Yeah. Yeah. So the other great way this story wraps up is that the next semester at college, I saw the professor and they took the job. No way. Oh my God, this guy must be a salesman. He convinced his wife, God, I hope they paid him triple to come there. If there's any omen to not take a job. Yeah. If you're listening to the universe Or you gotta think about it the other way. The worst. It already happened. Yeah, That's true. You know, that's Past you. That is true. That's how I would look at it. Like, well, nothing bad could possibly happen statistically to us ever again.


You're so lucky. I'm so glad that you're okay. That's a Bonker story, Kenny. Oh, that's a A real err in weekly story. Right. There was was a banger. Yeah. Thank you for sharing that. Woo. Literally and figuratively. Of Course. Yeah. Well, where are you at now? I am in Sacramento. So just up north from you guys. Sure, sure. Very safe area. Boom. Hopefully safer than Glendora. Alright, well great meeting you, Kenny. Thank you for Chatting. Good meeting you both as well. Thank you so much. All right. Bye. Take care. I knew grocery stores were gonna deliver. I did not expect it. I know you. We've got a shooting, a shitting. Don't go Ahead. Ever think The ones I think are gonna be good are gonna be good than they are.


Like, meet cute. I ended up liking meat. Cute. And you liked cooking and cookies Cookie Boy. No, you're not. Don't make, you're not a cookie. No, I'm not. I was the ultimate cookie boy one night. And I lived together. You hate cookies. Nate And. I were just together. And we were telling Aaron and Eric how every single night when we lived together was cookie time. And we would get in front of the TV with our glasses of milk and we would eat Oreos and dunk them in our milk. And then we would do that until we were sick of those. And then we would switch to Chips of Hoist for a Few weeks. I already know about that. Oh, sorry. I bored you. Hello. Hi. How are you? What name do you want to use? Let's Go with Layla. Okay. Layla, where are you Right now?


I'm in San Diego visiting my parents, but I live in Brooklyn normally. That checks out. You have an immediate Brooklyn vibe, I would say. I love Brooklyn. Oh, I'm so Honored. It's a compliment. Where does your Grocery Store story take place? This Story takes place on the East Coast in the early nineties. Gotta be a little bit vague about some things. 'cause you'll see, okay, it was around springtime and my mom one day went to a Grocery Store that she had never been to before because she had coupons for liters of Pepsi for like 50 cents each. Gotta go. Oh yeah. And it was the nineties, right? Yes. Before we knew how bad soda is for you. So she goes to this store, grabs her Pepsis, and as she was checking out at the register, the young cashier woman starts talking kind of loudly to her coworker about her personal life.


This gal was maybe 18 or 19 at the time. And my mom is overhearing her saying, oh my God, I'm pregnant. I don't know what to do about it. I'm thinking maybe I should get an abortion. And out of nowhere, my mom just yells out, no, don't do that. I'll take your baby. Wait, What? Wait. Whoa. Are you serious? Wow. I'm so serious. Talk about an impulse buy at a Grocery Store. At The checkout. At the checkout, I went in to get some cheap Pepsi And. I ended up with a kid. And by the way, of course she's doing it because when you are 18 and you found out you're pregnant, you cannot think about any other thing. No matter what you're doing. The house could be on fire.


you aren like, holy fuck, I'm Pregnant. Exactly. Yeah. She was quite young. To give you a little bit of context, my parents were not in the market for a new baby at that time. It's not like they were total strangers to adoption. They couldn't have their own biological kids. So actually, my sister, And I were both adopted at the time of this story. I was seven, my sister was five, and my parents were in their forties, and they thought our family's complete And I also just wanna add, this was not a religious thing. My mom was not, is not religious. This was not a pro-life thing at all. She's in fact, very progressive. Wow. This Is great. I mean, truly an impulse. Like I bet she felt like, oh, I'm hearing this for a reason. Exactly. She says that she was possessed almost something supernatural to go hold of her on that day.


She said the words just kind of came tumbling out of her mouth before she even knew what she was saying. What was the reaction of this cashier, Cashier gal? Obviously very stunned, but my mom was very calm after that. You know, she blurted this thing out and then just gave her her phone number and was like, call me if you ever wanna talk about anything. Wow. Yeah. And so she did call. They began kind of a phone friendship where my parents, but mostly my mom became someone. This girl felt really comfortable talking to her about her pregnancy. Her parents actually didn't even know that she was pregnant. So she became the confidant for this girl. And it's not like they were trying to persuade her or anything. I think my mom just really wanted to be an emotional support for her. She began trusting them more and more, and she could see that they were already raising two adopted kids successfully.


And so one day she was like, okay, let's do this. Oh wow. And your mom still this whole time was like, yeah, I want this baby. It wasn't like she was like, oh, I, she Didn't get buyer's remorse from the impulse buy. Didn't get buyer's remorse. My dad was totally on board. Wow. Which is amazing. These are nice people. I know. So nice. If Kristen comes home and says, I adopted an unborn child at Gelson's, I'm gonna be like, hold, hold, hold, hold. Well, it sounds like she may have done that with dogs before. Exactly. Yeah. Although you already have all these dogs. Yes. Anyway, so they got in touch with an adoption agency. Of course, they wanted to do it all by the books.


And yeah, just a few months later, I have a very vivid memory of opening up the garage door, Mazda minivan rolling in with my brother in the car seat coming home the day that he was born. Oh, no way. God. Wow. Do you have any idea how the young woman's parents processed all this? I don't. I think it was still kept a secret. So here's the craziest thing about this story, actually, if you can believe it, it gets crazier. Our mom is Vietnamese dad is French. The young cashier woman Vietnamese, and her boyfriend at the time slash baby daddy is French. Whoa. No way. That is crazy. I know. That is sick.


Isn't it wild? It kind of makes you believe in fate a little bit. Yes, Yes. Or the Sin. And is your sister also Vietnamese? I can't say it correctly. No offense intended. Yes, We are both. It's kind of a wild story, but all because of some leaders of Pepsi. Yeah. Was trying to save 70 cents. And how old's your brother now? Yeah, that Little baby's 32 now. Oh, 32. Has he ever sought to meet the woman in the Grocery Store? I Don't believe so. Yeah. Does He know the story? Oh yes. We're all very aware of the story. And I know. Every time I tell it, I get the same exact reaction as you guys. Just what? Incredible. What if Layla and her, her sister knew they were adopted, but he didn't. They're like, oh, he is a boy. Too stupid though. This is how he out.


Well, Or I mean, I assume he knew he was adopted, but in this fashion I didn't know. But that's amazing. You're Right. I love how you described the Dex of being like an impulse purchase. Like you get gum Right at the top Of the Exactly. The Tax at the end of the register. Yeah. And maybe I will drink a Sprite Zero. What is this product? Yeah, Exactly. That's a very beautiful story. Is it really is. Your parents are great. I think so too. They did a good job. Wow. So they're 72 now. 73. And are there grand babies in the mix? There are grandbabies. Aw. I've got two nieces that I adore so much that I'm gonna see later on today. Go swimming in their pool.


Oh, Wonderful. They're also two years apart. Like you aren girls, And, I. Just love seeing them interact at this young age of five and seven. They got sas. Yeah, I look for the sas fun. Well, listen, Layla, this is a really important Grocery Store story for us to hear, because the previous three have been horrific. So this is a beautiful uplift. This is a positive one. Those have been upsetting. Yes. And this is very life affirming. Well, when I heard the prompt, I was like, it's my time to shine. Yes. This is great. I'm so glad you wrote in. Thank You so much for having me. This is so much fun. Yeah, it was really nice meeting you. Good luck in Brooklyn. How long have you been in Brooklyn? I've Been in Brooklyn for about nine years, so I'm almost at my official New Yorker.


Mark, I guess you don't need luck then. It already worked out for you. Yeah, I think so. All right. Well, take care. Have a great rest of day. Thank you much for telling us that day. Bye-Bye. Wow, that was cool. I'm blown away by Grocery Store. I Know you stand For days now. I just wanna do like a convenience store, hardware store. That's, I know it's Add those lists, Rob Hardware. Well, definitely. Home Depot's. Gotta have some. Well, I shipped my pants at Home Depot. I could tell that story. Well, those are great. I'm really happy everyone wrote in, keep writing in, keep submitting your stories. Keep at it. We'll talk soon. All right. Love you. Love You. Do you wanna sing a tune or something? We have a Theme song. Oh, okay, great. We don't have a song for this new show, so here I go.


Go. We we're gonna ask some random questions with the help. We'll get some suggestions on the fly. On the Fly. Reish, enjoy. Follow Armchair expert on the Wonder App, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at wondery.com/survey.