(0s):
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.

(14s):
Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm Dan Rather and I'm joined by Lily Padman. Hi, Today's Armchair Anonymous prompt was I Quit. Tell us a crazy I Quit story now guess what? You can finally listen to this one. Oh good. Yeah, you can listen to this one. There's, lemme Hold on Heidi. I well, yeah, yeah. There is some, I guess light animal cruelty, but the animal's dead. Oh yeah, yeah. Alright. Alright. So other than that, I think you're free to listen. Please enjoy. I Quit.

(48s):
We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, to check that you brought your towel first before diving into a swimming pool. Or like you know, to check that you have the tickets in your wallet first before you drive two hours to the big game and they won't let you in. Like you know to check your trunk for reusable shopping bags first before you get to the grocery store checkout line and need to buy paper bags again. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.

(1m 32s):
We are supported by Addie Serin, the Little pink pill. Ask your doctor if the FDA approved little pink pill Addie is right for you. See full prescribing information, medication guide and boxed warning regarding severe low blood pressure and fainting in certain settings@ad.com slash pi. Or call 8 4 4 pink pill.

(1m 59s):
Come and go. Slow. You gotta know. Hi. What a beautiful, robust set of headphones you're wearing. And The wall, is it Plaster? No, that's a sheet. Oh. I'm a labor and delivery nurse. My supervisor's a huge arm cherry and she pulled out like a baby, warmer that in one of our closets and used foam surgical tape and taped up all these like, oh. Oh my god. Goodness. What's your boss's name?

(2m 40s):
Scotty? Big props and shout outs and thank yous to Scotty. Okay. Kaylee, what did you quit? I Quit a job at while life agency, so I live in Idaho. My freshman year of college. I applied for my dream job, which was on a snorkel crew. So it was for a summer, it was in rivers. And so we would have like these different sites that we would snorkel to and we would count fish to like count different kinds of trout and see if there's juveniles adults. And then we would also check up on people fishing and see like if they were catching salmon. It's what I was going to school for, which was wildlife biology.

(3m 21s):
We camped the whole summer together. It was just me and one other girl. The rest were older dudes. And so of course I'm 19 and have like a huge crush on one of the like leads of the crew. Each day we had split into groups of two and so of course I volunteer to go with the guy I have a crush on. This Is hot. Let's call him Greg. He Needs a name that's kind of like a hot mess. Trevor. Oh, Trevor. Trevor is great. I volunteer to go with Trevor. So we're going down like these back roads and going way too fast Trevor. He's Wild. Unfortunately, we're listening to my dick by Mickey Avalon. He is driving, he leans down to grab our radio to call out and he loses control of the vehicle and it hits the gravel.

(4m 10s):
He over corrects, hits the guardrail. Oh boy. And we're probably going like 60 miles per hour and we're in a brand new Yukon. Oh no, those are gorgeous. I know. In a company vehicle it hits the guardrail and we roll three times. Oh my god. Airbags, everything. Shatters. We have a ton of equipment. Everything's going out the windows. It's wild. I'm being suspended. Ooh. Because the truck landed where I am on the top, so I'm like hanging over and I can't open the door because it's so heavy above us. Yeah, Yeah. He is trapped. He can't get out either.

(4m 50s):
But there was a fish trap like across the road and someone was there and heard us, ran across, got us out and took us to a very, very small hospital there, If you can call it a hospital where our crew meets up with us and they're cutting my clothes off in front of my crew. And I am like probably 10 years younger than everyone. Oh God. This is not what I was going for. So luckily he was fine. I mean maybe, luckily yeah, I wouldn't mind if he had a broken arm or something to be honest. So I just had like a shoulder strain, but they put me in a sling so I couldn't drive home. So I had to call my mom.

(5m 32s):
Oh no. From your first job. She drives three hours, comes and picks me up, go home and I take 13 days off to just recover my shoulder. And so they put me on like muscle relaxers this whole time I'm home. I have horrible diarrhea. Oh. Oh. All day. Every day. And my mom's like, something is very wrong. So I went to the doctor and I got Giardia. Giardia. What's that? How'd you get that? So it's a parasite that you get from dirty water. Oh, Necrotic flesh. No, no, no. Different but Bad. We just had another necrotic flesh. This isn't necrotic flesh. So sorry, she can't stop thinking about hearing the necrotic flesh Story.

(6m 16s):
This is very similar to necrotic flesh. I feel like it was, I was so, so sick. They also call it, which is so gross, but they call it beaver fever. Oh, Because it goes in your vagina. No, the beaver's poop and then you eat it. Yeah. Okay, I got It. So I got it from, I'm assuming snorkeling in gross water. Yes. God. We would snorkel little tributaries and stuff. So sometimes you would get there and just be like, I can't even see in this murky ass water. It was sometimes nasty. So they put me on anti-parasitics and I'm like, cool, I'll go back to work. Still into the guy that tried to kill me. Gotta see Trev.

(6m 56s):
He is like hitting me up, making sure I'm okay. I'm like this guy just heart of gold. So I go back on day 14, I can't go hiking because I am literally shitting myself every five seconds. They're like, it's cool. We'll drive down the river to a different site. And this time it's my actual boss driving and Trevor is the passenger and I'm in the backseat and we have this new company vehicle since we totaled the other one. It has like suicide doors. So you have to open the front door to get the back doors open. My window is down. And then we also have my boss's puppy in the bed.

(7m 37s):
In a kennel. Oh, My boss and Trevor had gone on like a night hike. My boss was super tired and he is like, Hey, I need someone else to drive. Who do you think he chose to drive? T dog, not me. Oh, Again, It's sexism. Yeah. Strikes again. I He just crashed. This is So He's the reason you're in a pickup truck Two weeks ago, literally to the day. So he switches drivers and probably five minutes later we are rolling. Stop it. No. Are you serious? Minutes later. We're rolling. I'm fucking serious. Trevor. Trevor is, oh my god, what a put.

(8m 18s):
He should never be allowed to drive again. We're rolling down an embankment and land in the river. Oh my God. This is how that lady died. I know that scarred you. I'm sorry Kaylee. That's stop. Why do you keep apologizing? These are normal Things I'm saying doesn't she doesn't know what you're talking about. I know you're referring to the Mitch McConnell Sister. Mitch McConnell sister-in-law. She drowned in a situation like this in a pond I think. So we roll down. I am so lucky because it lands the same exact way as the first one. I'm suspended above the water. I had to undo my seatbelt stand in the river and then my window was open.

(9m 2s):
So I like squeezed through. I look behind me and the puppy and the kennel is floating down the river. Oh my god. Now it's like a Disney movie where the puppy gets separated and goes down the river. Oh. And he has an adventure and then he makes his way back. Yeah. Yeah. He makes friends with a cat. We were lucky because the rest of the crew was right behind us. And so someone like hopped in the river gets the puppy, the puppy's. Okay. Everyone, People fuck them. I wiggle out, I'm like standing on the top of the truck and I look and I see my boss and Trevor just chilling. Fine. And I just looked at my boss and I was like, I fucking quit. Oh, Immediately.

(9m 43s):
Yeah. Like I was like, Hey, you're breathing. You're breathing. I fucking quit. Like I hate you. Yes. Yeah. You're trying to kill you twice. So I call my mom and I'm like, mom, Oh my God. My poor parents. I know. Oh yeah. Was she like, honey, is it the diarrhea? How's the giardia all? How's your beaver, beaver? I got all my shit. We went back to base camp. I got in my car, drove home and never looked back. I dropped out of the biology program. Oh wow. This was really life changing. Yep. And then I went to nursing school. Okay. Okay. Well we love nurses. We do. But super devastating. I was so excited.

(10m 24s):
It was like my dream job. It was so cool. And then I was like, I'm gonna die if I continue. Yes. Two strikes. Did Trevor reach out after the second one? He did and he probably for like a year, he would just be like, Hey, you doing okay? Yeah. The crazy shit is that they like drug tested him and everything. Obviously he was just dumb. Yeah. But he also changed his career. He is now a plumber. So life changing for everybody. Wow. Oh, I'm glad he is not a Uber driver. Alright. Or a chauffeur. Oh my God, that was a great story. Two rollovers. Within two weeks I Had to like do counseling. I couldn't go through a car wash for months.

(11m 6s):
Yeah, that's a lot like a sound of the water on the metal. Yeah. Well if it got you mad enough to go, I fucking quit. They pushed you to the breaking point. They did. Yeah. Wow. Well thank you. Well thank you so much. It's so exciting to talk to you guys. I emailed Emma back. Yes. I'm available before I even looked at my schedule and Then I was like, shit, I'm at work. I gotta figure this out. But Scotty came in for me. Oh, I do have to shout out Emily, who's also another arm cherry. We talk every week about what's going on. And then my dad, Tyler, he's been clean for like 18 years now. Oh, go Tyler. Congratulations. So we both listened to Armchair.

(11m 46s):
Oh, I love this. Delighted to have the whole family. Yeah. This is incredible. And the nurse team winners. And Emily. Alright, well we adore you. Thank you. Thank, thank You so much. It was so great meeting you guys. All right. Take Have a Great day. Do you think you've ever had beaver fever? No. I think I would know. I mean, sometimes I do have diarrhea. Take your Temperature. I don't. You know why I don't go and ponds right? Or lakes or Rivers. Very clear of Ponds. Any water? Good thing I didn't get it when I almost drowned. Yeah. On the river on our tub disaster. If I got giardia, beaver fever, I would still be paying. You would for that. Yeah. Yeah.

(12m 35s):
We are supported by Addie. I know about Addie, the little pink pill, right? Yes, that's right. Addie is the FDA approved pink pill. Clinically proven to boost desire in certain premenopausal women who are bothered by a low libido. I love this. It's really nice that there's an option out there for women who are dealing with low desire. And I like that. Addie's Nonhormonal and created by a woman for women. Addie is helping women feel like themselves again. And that's really important. It really is. So arm cherries, if you're libido, could use a little jumpstart. Addie's got you covered. Learn more@addie.com. That's a DDY i.com. Addie or Banin is for premenopausal women with acquired generalized hypoactive sexual desire disorder, HSDD, who have not had problems with low sexual desire in the past, who have had low sexual desire. No matter the type of sexual activity, the situation or the sexual partner. This low sexual desire is troubling to them and is not due to a medical or mental health problem. Problems in the relationship or medicine or other drug use. ADDIE is not for use in children, men, or to enhance sexual performance. Your risk of severe low blood pressure and faint is increased. If you drink one to two standard alcoholic drinks close in time to your ADDIE dose, wait at least two hours after drinking, before taking ADDIE at bedtime. This risk increases If you take certain prescriptions, OTC or herbal medications or have liver problems and can happen when you take ADDIE without alcohol or other medicines. Do not take if you're allergic to any of addie's ingredients. Allergic reaction may include hives, itching, or trouble breathing. Sometimes serious sleepiness can occur. Common side effects include dizziness, nausea, tiredness, difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep. And dry mouth. See full PI and medication guide, including box warning@addie.com slash pi. Addie. That's a DDY i.com.

(14m 11s):
We are supported by Squarespace. Ready to share your great idea with the world? Get your message out there with an amazing website designed with Squarespace. Squarespace is where we designed our website. That's right. And our merch site, which is back up and running. It has new cute merch. So functional, so beautiful. It's so easy. Whether you're a photographer, small business owner, or have a passion project, having a professional website isn't just nice to have anymore. It's essential. And Squarespace makes it ridiculously easy. Their drag and drop templates are gorgeous right out of the box. And you don't need to know a single line of code. Plus every site comes with built-in SEO tools, analytics, and even e-commerce features. If you wanna sell products, you can get up and running in just a day. So why not make that day today? Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to get started, go to Squarespace dot com slash dx to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash stack to get started today.

(15m 13s):
We are supported by Quince. Quince is one of our favorite apparel brands with luxury fabrics and finishes at affordable prices. Everyone I know is obsessed with Quince. Quince. Quince is amazing. I was gifted a incredible blanket from Quince, from Elizabeth and Andy. Oh wow. And it's so warm and soft and fuzzy and cute. Yeah. All their fabrics are so nice. You get the best of both worlds killer style at prices that don't break the bank. Quince has some great wardrobe staples, all at prices that are way less than similar brands. We're talking 50 to 80% less. This is a gift giver's like Paradise. Paradise, correct? Well that's because Quince partners directly with top factories. So they cut out the cost of the middleman and they also make sure the factories they partner with use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices so you can feel good about your purchase, indulge in affordable luxury. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.

(16m 32s):
Hello, Jim. Hello. How are you guys doing? Good. And are you a cyclist or just a fan of like French posters? I'm A fan of travel posters, but I'm also a cyclist that's from Rag Bri, which is a ride across Iowa. They do it every year from the Missouri River to the Mississippi River. Tom Arnold did this several times, I believe. Oh wow. It's a big event, right? It is. I did the 50th anniversary and I think it was like 50,000 people. You Just camp on people's yards and it's a big old party. Wow. I think the people from Iowa, some of the nicest people in the entire United States, they take you into their homes, they cook you meals, and every small town and every church is putting out like a bake sale.

(17m 12s):
It's really neat. You're like invigorating a dream. I think I wanna put it on my list of things I wanna do to do that bike ride. Wow, that sounds so fun. I would recommend it. I loved It. I'm doing it after the great loop. Okay. Tell us about a time you quit. I am talking to you from Richmond, Virginia, but I grew up in Virginia Beach, Virginia. The summer of 1995. I had just graduated high school. My dad actually worked at the school in the business office in this lawn care company. Cut the grass at the school grounds and he got me a job there. Hmm. And I was like, oh, that'll be pretty good. They mostly did commercial lawn care. He got me a job and two of my friends Were you riding a Dixie Chopper? That's the hook. I was like, we're gonna be riding big riding mowers.

(17m 53s):
The three of us are gonna have a great time together and we'll spend all summer together just goofing off. And it was not bad at all. You do not get to ride the Dixie mower If you are one of only three people that are there for the summer. Everybody else is there full-time doing the work. Yeah. What we expected and what actually happened was a pretty far cry from each other. So the three of us were split up immediately. So they had different crews. You got there at Sunrise, loaded up the trucks. One of my friends only made it two days. He was on the residential side and he got fired for jumping on somebody's trampoline and then getting hurt, falling off of it. Oh Jesus. My other friend was like, this is terrible. He made it like a month, then he quit.

(18m 33s):
But I gutted it out all summer and I was exposed to some pretty cool stuff that I hadn't seen before. Like we one time went cut a shopping center lawn and the guy just walked right into the grocery store and came out with steaks all down his pants that he had just stolen. And he is like, I'm gonna sell these later. And he opened up the water cooler and just threw 'em all in there. And we're like, all right, I guess we'll just store your bloody stakes in the water cooler. Sure, sure. We just had to pile in the back of the truck. We went all over town all day long and it would rain. You just put a trash bag over you. I mean, it was not safe at all. But we pulled up next to a car that had a failed inspection sticker and he offered to sell them a counterfeit one. Oh. Oh my. There's a whole underground economy That I, Yeah, I did not even know of.

(19m 15s):
Like state selling and sticker selling as well. I learned a lot about raunchy humor and drugs. This Is seminal experience for a young man. I went to work at a race shop at 15 and I was working with all like 38-year-old dudes. Yeah. And the stuff I was hearing and the jokes they were making to me, I was like terrified half the time I was there. Yeah. A lot of masturbation jokes. Some of the people were really, really good. But the guys that ran it were just assholes. I mean, they just run you straight ragged from the time you get up. It's sundown. You kind of come back and unload the truck and you never cut enough. They were like, Hey, we need to cut more. You should be out there. Go faster. Stop taking so many breaks. I was gonna go to college and I had about a week up the summer and it was Sunday and I met a bunch of friends on the beach and they had had a completely different summer experience than I had traveling.

(20m 2s):
They're like, oh yeah, the next week we're just gonna hang out on the beach. This is what I should be doing tomorrow. I'm quitting. And so I took the zinc sunblock. I was like, I'm gonna quit in a blaze of glory too. Oh. And so I wrote on my chest, mowed this with a huge arrow to my cr. Oh Wow. Okay. Wow. Wow. You really caught up to them. You took on their personas. What I was thinking like, the crew's gonna love this and all the four men are gonna be like, oh man. What was amazing is how well it worked. It was bone white on the mod and then you bright red everywhere else and the arrow is huge. And so I worked all day.

(20m 42s):
I was super excited about this. I am kind of a blabber. I normally will like spill it. And I kept it all day. I'm like, wait until everybody gets hello to this. And so we get back and you have to gather around, talk about what you got done and then where you're going the next day and what, who's on what crew. And I was like, all right. And so I ripped my shirt off. Nobody even like looked at me. Yeah. And then finally someone looked over and I remember a guy like just smoking a cigarette looking at me like, what in the world does this guy have? It was so embarrassing because I had to basically quit with my shirt off and be like, like today's my last day. The punchline was so lost and it was so sad. I was really expecting more of a place of glory and I got a whimper. Yeah. When you gotta explain like, oh, did you see?

(21m 24s):
So it's like mow this. 'cause we, we Mow this 'cause we mow. 'cause we mow lawns. And then the arrow though is because it's kind of a reference, It just like, suck my dick. Sure. But It's also I'm quitting. And they're like, get out. No, you're fired. Actually. You're fired for that Joke. Laughed. My expectations in reality were really, really far apart. Yeah. But to move, this was on there for a while. Leaving for your first week of school with just not realizing you had communal showers. Oh, Well it's great to have a job like that. 'cause then you can go like, I really gotta figure something out other than this. It's a great motivator. I Had a lot of manual labor jobs growing up. Think it still is a good work ethic. Oh Yeah. Everything is just easier the rest of your life.

(22m 5s):
Yeah. I appreciate the time. Thanks For chatting with us. It's great meeting you and you've really inspired me to do this Iowa trip. It was really, really hot. There was one tornado. Oh. Morning. But people just come outta their house and are like, you can come stay with us as a stranger. I stayed in someone's basement after biking a hundred miles that day, smelling horrible. But they gave me a clean shower and it was quite an experience to show how nice the people in Iowa are. Yeah. Well, great meeting you, Jim. Thank you. Thanks so much for telling us that story. Thank you guys. All right. Bye. Take Care. Hello? Hello. Can you hear me okay? Beautifully? What fake name do you want? People have told me that I look like a Zoey, so I'll go with that. Oh, Okay. That's a great name.

(22m 45s):
I Like that. I have a niece named Zoe. Do you remember the first Zoey? I do. Kravitz? No, I was gonna say De Chanel. Oh, That's a good one. A great one. I think the first one was Zoey Bowie. David Bowie's kid. First one ever. And wouldn't you leave it to David Bowie to come up with that? Zoey Bowie? Are you allowed to tell us where you're at? Yeah. I'm actually in Ireland at the moment, but from the Pacific Northwest. So it's where the story takes place. It's the summer of 2018. I was 17 at the time, and I'm looking for a summer job. So I'm going to restaurants, shops, cafes. And I end up getting a job at this little cafe. And it's owned by a couple who I'll call Linda and Derek.

(23m 26s):
They're probably in their mid to late fifties and very well-meaning. But definitely things could get a little awkward because they worked alongside us and the relationship would kind of get in the way sometimes, which was kind of awkward for a teenager. And everyone who worked there were young girls. The town that this was in, a lot of eclectic people. We had a lot of interesting customers think a highlight is a man once brought a full-size dining room table into the store and then took a nap on it. Oh. And that was allowed. It Was allowed. Like what am I gonna do? Oh Wow. That's a weird kink. Yeah. Like I love sleeping in public on a dining room table. That is really odd.

(24m 7s):
Wow. Okay. After about a month of being there, I am pretty happy. 'cause I'm realizing that I'm making probably six or $7 an hour in tips on top of my minimum wage pay. I'm like, this is way more money than I thought I was gonna be making here. But then suddenly that goes down to like one to $2 an hour. I talked to my coworkers and they're like, yeah, we also noticed that suddenly we've lost all of our tip money. Which didn't make sense because it was the height of summer. It was way busier than it had ever been. So we're like, you know what? Let's talk to Linda and Derek. We approach 'em one day. We're like, Hey, like we noticed some of our tip money's missing. We don't think anyone's stealing it, but just wanted to alert each to the situation. Were the Tips gathered in like a tip jar on the counter or left on receipts?

(24m 49s):
The cash tips, if people gave us change, we put them in a tip jar and then we'd empty that into like a big tip jar. And then if people tipped on card, we would immediately take that cash out of the cash register and put that also in the big tip jar. So we had basically this massive bin of coins, and either two coworkers would roll those coins into like coin rolls, or Linda would do it. And then what would happen was Linda would take those coins to the bank and she would bring us big bills so we get like 50 or a hundred dollars bills. So all these tips are missing. Linda is immediately very emotional. She starts crying. She's Like, Oh boy, I'm so sorry. I don't know what's happening. But really hysterical.

(25m 29s):
Oh, not the reaction I was expecting. And Derek is like, I'm gonna get to the bottom of this. I'm gonna check the security footage someone is stealing from the store. This is unacceptable. This was on a Friday, so it was my last shift of the week. I go home like, great, we're gonna get to the bottom of this or get our tips back. I get a text from one of my coworkers the next day, and she's like, Derek found the tips. They were in a chicken carcass. What? What a great left turn. They were in a chicken carcass. Yeah. What the fuck? That's not good. Yummy stuffing. Just to warn everyone. No, in no logical way could I make sense of why. How did they get there? I text her back, I make sure she's not joking.

(26m 11s):
She's like, no, no, no. He's like, I found them in a chicken carcass. So I'm like, I'm going down there. So I show up and Linda looks really scared to see me. She's like kind of darting around, Derek and I go and sit outside and he's also being really evasive and he's commenting on like birds. He's seeing and not there to have this conversation. I'm like, what happened with the tips? He's like, well, I really trust my employees. I didn't think any of you would steal them. So I wasn't even gonna mess around with looking at the security cameras. I just went straight to the, I'm gonna go through the dumpster and I'm gonna find the tips. These guys are bad at lying really Bad, and the dumpsters are like shared with other businesses. So I keep pressing him and he's like, Linda was making some chicken sandwiches.

(26m 56s):
Oh man, this is like an episode of Parks and Rack or something. Or Or Landia. Really? So she's making chicken sandwiches and she accidentally puts the bills. These like a hundred dollars bills, which is probably over a thousand dollars. Oh my God. For thinking for all of the employees accidentally puts them inside of the chicken. Yeah. Yeah. Who has it? That's an easy Mistake. Puts that in the dumpster. Ah. But I am like, no, no, no. I caught you and you're lie. Good For you. Yeah. I was really into Nancy Drew as a kid. Oh Yeah. This is your moment. Not to get hung up on this, but they're making the chicken sandwiches from a real chicken, like it's that good. Well, p and w, small artsy town.

(27m 37s):
They had a farm. Dang. Yeah. Some good food out there. That sounds yummy. Yeah. And If you don't get a stray a hundred dollars bill in your sandwich, Honestly would appreciate that. Yeah. It'd be worth it. It was getting weirder and weirder. And I was like, no, Derek. I actually know that she made those earlier on in the week and the garbages collected on a Friday morning. Wow. Nancy fucking N drew. There's no way the bills would've been in the dumpster. And also, how many garbage bags did you go through? And why did you look inside of the chicken carcass? He can't explain it to me. So he just switches to, you know what this is about? You must be on your period. Oh, Oh, Derek, Derek, Derek, Derek.

(28m 17s):
This is not an acceptable tactic. Oh my God. He's trying to period shame you. He's trying to gaslight you. And then he brings Linda into it and he's like, Linda, come on over here. You're going through menopause. Right. And I think what's happened is your menopause and Zoe's period has synced up and you're just really fueling each other's hormonal rage. Oh. Oh Derek, This is disgusting.

(28m 54s):
We are supported by acorns. Acorns is a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start saving and investing for your future. Oh, investing's the most important thing. You gotta squirrel some away so that you know when you get to the end of the ride, you can have some fun. Yeah. It's Important. And you gotta think about it today. If you just wait too late, it won't magically happen. You don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you and your money goals. And you don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got right now. Even if all you've got is spare change. Sign up now and join the over 14 million all time customers who have already saved and invested over $25 billion. With Acorns Plus Acorns will boost your new account with a $20 bonus investment offer available@acorns.com slash dax. That's A-C-O-R-N s.com/dax to get your $20 bonus investment today. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Tier four compensation provided. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LC and SEC, registered Investment advisor view important disclosures@acorns.com slash dax.

(30m 7s):
We are supported by Nerd Wallet. Hey, listen, we're all juggling a million things, right? Trying to balance work, family, maybe even squeeze in a little me time. And honestly, who's got the bandwidth to research stuff like auto insurance. That's where NerdWallet comes in. You tell them what you need, say a better rate on your car insurance and NerdWallet will match you with the right option for you. The nerds handle the research, the comparisons, all that stuff that sucks up your precious time. Think about it. You want to make smart choices, right? But you also want to be fully present at your grandpa's 90th, nail that presentation at work. And maybe just relax. You can have it all. And NerdWallet makes it easy. Just answer a few simple questions and bam, way faster than falling down a research rabbit hole. Because finding the right financial product is smart, but having NerdWallet do it for you, that's genius. Get matched today@nerdwallet.com. Not all applicants will qualify for the lowest monthly payments. NerdWallet Insurance Services incorporated ca, resident license number. Okay. 9 2 0 3 3.

(31m 22s):
So this is not okay. If I was gonna get my money back, I'd move on. But I did not appreciate this. So I went home. Yeah. And I remember talking to my parents and they were like, be respectful. Write a two week letter, give it to them on your next shift and then find another job. So came in on Monday morning, gave Derek the letter. Linda's also there. She immediately starts crying. Oh, Linda, She is in menopause. She's going through something. Oh. And Derek is very angry. He's yelling that I'm ungrateful for my job. It's just the hormones. You're never gonna find another job. Oh my God. What is wrong with these people? They're gonna poison the town. Like ma nod Sheila.

(32m 3s):
Yeah. A couple steps away. The way that he was yelling at me, I was a little scared. So I was like, you know what? I Quit. I took off my apron. I walked out. I had another job. Two days later and they shut down. The health department finds a big wad of money in the chicken carcass. They're gonna be like, you guys can't Start. Well, which is obviously not what happened. Did you at least get that tip money that had been missing? No. He said that he would give it to us and maybe if I had stayed, I would've got it. And it was probably like a couple hundred bucks. Oh Yeah. Fuck what? What? I kind of, with the guy that was sleeping on the table and side was Derek's brother Or Derek in In disguise. In Disguise. What was going on with them? Oh, you know, like you can be really mad at them as you have, you're entitled to be.

(32m 46s):
But also some people's lives are so terrible. You're like, oh, they're already paying the price for this mania. Yes. There's like no way there's any joy happening when they get home from work. And he's dealing with Linda who stole all the tip money. Well, what's your take? Or heated, I think she stole it. 'cause she's bawling the second she heard about it. Right. I think she was trying to squirrel away some money to get away from Derek Or Derek stole it and she felt so guilty and she knew he was taking the money, and so she started crying. Could be. And he was gasoline her saying, you stole it. They were in cahoots with the money. They were married Unless she was trying to squirrel it away to make her escape. Well, like Julia Robertson, that movie. Oh, sleeping With the Enemy. Yes. Jess brings that up all the time. That's a good One. I definitely think she was the one who took it based on her reaction.

(33m 27s):
Now I feel bad if she was trying to leave him. Okay. Well, Forwarded her. Don't feel bad. We do not know the details of Any of this. No. Maybe the shutdown was she finally got out of there. Okay. And then he is like, I'm not gonna run this thing by myself. I think the shutdown is like they are not able to conduct business. Yeah. Or she made her a big escape. Okay. And she's got a new healthy lover. All you want that to be. That's Best. So we'll say that. Oh Boy. Do you go back to the town? Have you ever bumped into them? My dad still lives there, so I am always a little on edge because everyone knows everyone when I go back for Christmas, but never seen them. Oh, Well, Zoe, that was funny. That was really bizarre in a great way.

(34m 9s):
I was nervous. I was like, I don't know if I have a story good enough. And I saw this prompt like, okay, this might be my chance. Chicken Carcass. That'll get you There. That'll get you. That'll get you here. For sure. Well, it's lovely meeting you Zoe. Yeah, thank You. Have fun In Ireland. Are you drinking Guinness and Beamish and all the fun beers? I am. I also discovered a baby Guinness, which is like KAA and something else. And it's so cute. It literally is in a shot glass. Oh, cute. Well, you know Guinness in either Bailey's or Kaa and a little Jameson is called an Irish carb bomb. And those are fucking outrageous. They taste like a milkshake. Give that a try. Give that a couple bangs. Will do. All right. Wonderful meeting you.

(34m 50s):
Have fun. You too. Okay, thanks. Bye. Bye. Weird. What happened? I just got a text from Zoe. Oh my goodness. Which Zoe? A friend of mine named Zoe, who I haven't spoken to. Oh, in a decade. September 4th, 2023. Oh, Something's Collapsing. Yeah, I know There's a glitch. Oh, wonderful. We have a visitor. Oh My gosh. It's a Little baby. This is Huxley. He's almost six weeks. Oh, Huxley looks perfect. I wanna hold Huxley Huxley. He's just staring up at his mom. He knows that she's got all the things he needs.

(35m 31s):
All right. Do you wanna go with Daddy while I talk Or take a nap? Oh, he is. Got a little turtle jammies. Oh, he's in the bag of potato phase. He's so cute. Do you see? You look like a old sack of potatoes when he moved around. Rock On. I'm gonna use my middle name for legal reasons, just in case. It's Roxanne. Oh, Roxanne. You've got a Roxanne vibe. That's a great name. Thanks. I like it too. Are you allowed to tell us where you're at in the country or would that be too incriminating? I'm In Hummelstown, Pennsylvania, which is right in between Harrisburg and Hershey. So in between the capital and chocolate town, I Went to Hershey as a kid. Very fun. Have you been there, Mona? No. I wanted to go.

(36m 12s):
Yeah, all over the town. The little street lamps or Hershey kisses. That's cute. Did I make this up? I feel like I took a boat ride on chocolate and there was chocolate rollers that you could see. Yeah, that's Chocolate World. Oh. Oh. That is a free ride that you can do in addition to Hershey Park. We Might have just done the free ride. Probably. You got to go there. You're always spoil acting like you didn't get to do stuff and you went to Hershey World, Hershey, Pennsylvania. You gotta go. Yeah. That was another job I had that. I have a different quit story, but not this one. Oh, you worked at Hershey? She worked at Hershey Park in games. Oh. Oh, really? Where people would throw the balls. Yeah. Oh wow. Were you a teen? Be fun to meet boys.

(36m 53s):
Yeah, I was a teen. I was dating a boy there who I was also dating for this other story. Oh great. Oh, wonderful. Yes, he sucks. It was a weird engaged at 16 situation. Oh, luckily that didn't go through. Yeah. Thank goodness. We like to hear that. The story that I have takes place at Kmart. Oh, you're hitting all my erogenous zones right now. Kmart. We love Hershey. Yes. Blue Light special. This was 2002. 2003. I was 16 ish. And to preface, I do not condone my actions of this story or my behavior at all. Undiagnosed. A DHD, heavily angsty teen.

(37m 33s):
Anything's possible. I hated this job. I applied at Kmart to be a cash register lady. I wanted to be that since I was a small child. Yeah, I can relate. Yeah. It's the best. The buttons, I mean a sensory dream. So they put me on stock, straightening the shelves. It was mind numbing and I hated it. So I was always trying to like call off and a normal person would just find a different job. But I had to come up with a grand scheme to get out of this job. The one day I arrived for my four hour shift, and I noticed there was a ladder in the aisle, like one of those step ladders, like staircase. So I devised a plan to fall off the ladder.

(38m 17s):
Oh. And in my teenage brain, I was gonna then sue Kmart. Oh. Oh my God. You had big dreams. And then also Sue to never have to work again. Oh my right. That you're gonna retire at 16, basically. Yeah. Correct. This makes sense. It was so awful working at Kmart. So I'm like devising this plan all day, straightening my shelves. I'm walking over, I'm like, how am I gonna do it? So finally I decide to do a test run and I look around, I don't see anybody nearby. So I walk to the top of the ladder and I'm just trying to figure out how I'm gonna fake fall. I've never done that before. So I kind of kick my leg out in front of me and I go down.

(38m 59s):
Oh. And I start falling and I fall on the floor in my head. I'm like, okay, this went pretty well. But then all of a sudden I hear this woman and she's like, I saw the whole thing. Oh, don't move. I'm a nurse. Oh. So she's like, I'm gonna stay with you. Don't move your neck. I'm like, I think I'm fine. I can probably just stand up. She's like, no, no. So she gets the manager. Oh. And then they call 9 1 1 oh. Oh My God. At this point, I'm just like, I'm gonna go to jail. They have to tell my parents because I'm a minor. So my parents are involved. They bring out the stretcher, they put me in the neck brace.

(39m 41s):
So now at this point, I have to play along. So I'm like, oh, you know my neck. So they get me to the ambulance, they take me to the hospital, which is nearby. Oh my God. I'm embarrassing. They checked me out. They didn't admit me, obviously, because I had no injuries. Yeah, yeah. You were just fine. Sure. So they checked me out, send me home, and I don't know, I was asking my mom earlier if they went through their insurance or if it ended up being a workers' comp claim. She said she thinks it ended up being a workers' comp claim. But anyway, I promptly quit. Sure. Well, you were to her TSD. Every time you walked by that aisle, you probably Shuttered. I know the health and beauty aisle. Ugh.

(40m 22s):
So they never found out. What'd you get out of it? I got the rest of the day off. But Were they worried about getting sued? They didn't really say anything and I did not go through with that part of my plan, Obviously. Sure, sure. I'm Glad be hear. They didn't mention it. We just parted ways and everybody was like, you're good. You're not injured, so we're good. And you're not gonna work here, so that's fine. I would imagine it covered the ambulance, right? Oh Yeah. Those are pricey. That is hilarious. I love that you threw yourself down. One of the, I mean, what a preposterous plan. Yeah. Now being medicated for A DHD and understanding that brain, it makes a lot more sense. It explains a lot. With my work history, now I have my own place, so that works well for me to do my own thing.

(41m 5s):
Yeah. It was the inattentive type. So I could skip class to watch er and lay on the couch all day. Gotta finish this episode. Yeah. I moved to Florida after high school, randomly one night I just drove down with a pizza. Oh. Lived there for a few months. Wow. And I came back very impulsive. Did it hurt? I don't think it hurt. If anything, I might have bruised up my thigh. That was my plan to tell them that I was hurt and that I needed to go home. Once I brought myself down from the suing, I was just gonna try to get the rest of the day off. Oh, those nurses, they're so sweet. They're just so on top of it. You gotta make sure you don't have a spinal injury.

(41m 46s):
She Was so kind and I was such a dick. That's okay. She went home. She felt good. She did. She told her husband, this poor young teen Broke her neck at Kmar Today. And she's like, I, they should not have them up on those ladders. That should be something for adults. Yeah. Maybe that was the hill that she chose. Now she's an advocate. Well, Roxanne, delightful meeting you and your little baby. Yeah. Thank you so much for the podcast. I'm also in recovery. I'm eight years sober. That's so funny. When you said you moved to Florida, I was like, do we have any addiction? I, I'm smelling some addiction, But that great. I didn't ask you, But that I felt like I saw you at sea. Yes, for sure. Congrats on eight years. Congrats you. Yes. Thank You.

(42m 26s):
Congrats to you too. Thank you. I love everything that you guys do. I'm not ready to diagnose myself with a DHD, but I do wonder, I certainly enjoyed cocaine more than everyone else. I never tried it because I knew I would love it and I was terrified I would die. Yeah. That was probably job a good choice for you. Yeah. True. Well, congrats. That's great news. Yeah. And now you got a little baby. So all the promises are coming. True. Yes. I have a 7-year-old daughter and then Huxley. Oh, I love it. Alright, well wonderful meeting You. Have a Great day. Yes. Wonderful meeting you. Thank you so much. All. All right, take care. Well, that was sweet. I wanted to hold that little baby. Me too. The way she passed him on his shape was a ball.

(43m 7s):
If you lift an adult up, they straighten out The rolly polly. Yes. He stayed snuggled. Allison Roman just had a baby. She did? Yes. And she sent me a picture and he's so cute. I hope she doesn't cook. 'em Doesn't accidentally cook 'em. She gets going. She'll just throw Anything in recipe. I, I kind of understand what you mean because they're so tasty. Yeah, they do look delicious. Yeah. All Right. I Love you. Love you. Do you wanna sing a tune or something? We a theme Song. Oh, okay, great. We don't have song for this new show. So here I go, go, go.

(43m 47s):
We're gonna ask some random questions. Get some suggestions. On the fly ish. On the fly ish. Enjoy.

(44m 1s):
Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.

(44m 22s):
Imagine this, you help your little brother land a great job abroad. But when he arrives, the job doesn't exist. Instead, he's trapped in a heavily guarded compound, forced to sit at a computer and scam innocent victims all while armed guards stand by with shoot to kill orders. Scam Factory. The explosive new True Crime podcast from Wondery exposes a multi-billion dollar criminal empire operating in plain sight, told through one family's harrowing account of sleepless nights, desperate phone calls and dangerous rescue attempts. Scam Factory reveals a brutal truth. The only way out is to scam their way out. Follow Scam factory on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of Scam Factory early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.