
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm Dak Shepherd and I'm joined by Lily Padman. And we're here today to learn about people who have dated criminals. There's criminals out there. You guys. Spoiler alert. It's all women who dated male criminals. And I didn't say it. You did. I said it and then I went on to say I was delighted to see that one of the arsonists here in the city was a female. You love seeing bad Women.


I do. I do. I do. We, we gotta take what A little we can get. I know we got such a bad scorecard. I know. You know anything that Right. Sizes the Look. Everyone's capable of all things. Yeah. Yeah. Women just do different kind of weird stuff Normally. Yeah. Statistically speaking. Yeah. Statistically. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So this is, you know, this ranges from comedic to insane to absolutely terrifying. Yeah. To Bozo Town with the whole gamut. So please enjoy dating a criminal.


If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners, subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs. Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC. Terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, check that you have all the ingredients for a recipe before you start cooking dinner. Or checking If you need to use the bathroom before you start recording. So you don't need to take a break. Mid show checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is intended for audiences in the US only. Savings vary terms. Apply Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois


All times. Come and go. Good times. Take them slow. You gotta know. Hi. Hi. Can you hear us? Oh my gosh. I can hear you. Where Are you at? So I am in Ontario, Canada. The story takes place in London, Ontario. I've heard you speak of London before. Halfway between Detroit and Toronto. A home of McAdams. That's right. Before we start, I did wanna say something to the two of you that I thought was kind of cool.


So a few years ago I bought a manifestation journal and the very first thing that I wrote in that journal was that I wanted to meet Monica Padman, Dak Shepherd, and Kristen Bell. Oh, You got two outta three. You're 66% of the way there. That's so fun. I believe in manifesting. Well, I do now. Okay. So you Dated a Criminal? I did. Oh my God. Please walk us through it To set the scene. I was fresh out of college for social services. I thought I was going to save the world. And I was also fresh out of a long-term relationship. I was only 21. It was the tail end of high school through the first bit of college.


So I didn't know much about dating either. So I was fresh faced all around and I decided to try online dating. I saw this picture pop up, this dude tattoos cute eyes. Really nice. His name was Dan. I will use his real name. I'll tell you why after. Oh, okay, great. So pretty quickly I realized he had some issues around substances and addictions. So I thought, okay, I can save him. Right. I mean, I took the class. Can we also add, you're in Canada, you're no stranger to people drinking? For sure. Yeah. So he would disappear a few days at a time and then he would come back sometimes and he would be hungry and tired and promise it wouldn't happen again. And then he would disappear again. Do we know what his drug of choice was?


It Was crack and cocaine. Yeah. Okay. So He shows up at my door one day. He is disheveled shirt was ripped. He's sweating, he's pale. He's looking out my window. I lived on a third story of a building. He's darting back and forth. I'm going, Dan, what is the problem? What's happening here? And he's like, nothing. Nothing. I said, no, something's going on. Why are you looking out my window? He says, listen, last night I did a smash and grab at the hardware store. So he threw a brick or a rock or something into the window, grabbed the quickest thing he could, a vacuum cleaner. Oh Boy. Oh right. Good luck getting some money outta that. Right. And it's heavy. So he runs with this vacuum cleaner. He ended up selling it for drug money.


So now he's at my house. No sooner does he finish telling me this story that there is a pounding on my door. Hmm. They're like, police open up. And Dan's saying, don't open the door. Don't open the door. They must have heard him. They bust through three police officers. Oh, They kicked the door down. I Don't think it was locked. Oh, okay. I think they just came in. They Used the door handle. Okay. Yeah. They were nice. So Dan takes off down the hallway towards my bedroom and three officers quick after 'em. Next thing I hear is one of the officers go, he jumped. Oh, Third story. Ooh, Ooh, ooh. Three officers back quick the other way and out my door. So I run to my bedroom window and look down.


Expecting to see him down there. 'cause that's a big jump. But he's collapsed in front of the next building. The police caught up with him. I found out that adrenaline must have just kept him running, but he did injure his back. Oh. The building I live in at the time is not very big. Everybody knows each other. I go outside, everyone's standing outside. It's a big scene. Police have to call an ambulance. Ambulance almost hits him backing up. Oh, oopsies. So I didn't break up with him. I visited him in the hospital while Wow. He was recovering. I stayed with him during his little stint in jail for his various crimes. What was the extent of his injuries?


While he was in the hospital? He Injured his back and his ankle, but was about three days. He was in the hospital and then he was Okay. So I'm not even entirely sure what it was, but he had a police officer 24 7 in the room, in the hospital. Wow. With him until they took him to jail. And you stayed with him while he was in jail? I did. Tell me about His redeemable qualities. She said cute eyes, Tattoos everywhere. Actually, one of the tattoos, he came over one day and said, look at this and shows me he's got my name tattooed across the neck. He was a hopeless romantic. An addict. Yeah. Shut up Monica. I just adored him. So fast forward to, he's in jail, it's now a few days later and I'm noticing that everybody in the building, no one's talking to me.


I go to check the mail and people are staring. The only person that would talk to me was the man who lived directly below me. So I go knock on his door, sitting in his living room and I'm venting. I'm like, no one's talking to me. I'm getting dirty. Looks. What is going on here? He says, rumor has it. You pushed Dan up that window. Oh. Oh, hold on. That's not where my my mind went to. He had been stealing from everyone in the apartment. Oh, they thought you pushed your boyfriend out the window. And I'm trying to start my career. I'm like, no. Then this man finishes telling me and his boyfriend walks to the room, looks me up and down and goes, oh my God, murderer. Oh Jesus.


Oh wow. So I had to move. Oh no. And did you stay with him? Two years. I stayed with him. So why I'm using his real name is because unfortunately he did pass away From his addiction. He actually got clean. He met a girl, had some kids. He was doing really well. Oh. But he got cancer and within a few weeks of the diagnosis had passed away. Wow. Oh, that's so sad. It was. But today would've been our anniversary. So I figure that's a little wink from him being like, go ahead and tell my craziness. I put you through hell. But let me give you two of your three on your list Manifestations.


Yeah. Oh, Monica, on behalf of all addicts. I'm sorry it was Wild. But great. I'm Sure you learned a Ton. Did he go to treatment? How did he end up getting clean? We lost touch for a bit. I believe he did go to treatment. Then we got back into touch when he was doing well and he had some kids and he was happy. Did he ever give you an amends? He did. He told me about a few things he had stolen from me that I never found out about. And he did apologize. God Man. Mm. Sweetest guy. Oh Yeah. Oh man. Well, I'm sorry you went through that. Me too. Also, shame on you for pushing him out the window. Oh, I might have helped get him sober though. Yeah. I'm just surprised he made it as far as he did with his injuries.


He used to say, if they want me, they have to catch me. Wow. And they sure did. Yeah. Yeah. Oh well Monica, I'm sorry you went through that. But also, you know, If you're laying on your deathbed in 80 years and you have literally nothing of excitement to look back on, I don't know that that's a win either. So you got a chapter in your life that was harrowing. Is that a positive spin? I think that's perfect. Well it's lovely meeting you. I want you to stay warm in this. What are they calling this one? It's some kind of cold snap. You know this Monica whole middle of the country's in some crazy Yeah, I heard that. Yeah. Maybe even. Is Georgia cold? It wasn't when I was there and I haven't heard anything, so hopefully not.


Alright, well Monica, happy New Year. We're wishing you all the best. Yeah, thank You. Okay, Bye. Bye. 40 degrees in Georgia. It was a snow on Friday. Oh my God. Snow. Get your SKIMS out. Neary. How Fun? Forties The high. Ooh, 26 is low. 26. That is chilly. Hi. Hi. How are you? I'm great, how are you? Good. Is this Fania? This Is Fania. Where Are you? I am in Phoenix, Arizona. Oh, You're Not too far away from us. Well, let me just list the things I love about Arizona. Of course, home of flaky. Jakes, If you listen to the show, you know, that's my obsession. But also you can drive a doom buggy down the highway there.


Yeah. And on the main roads there's like tractors and stuff. Yeah. Love it. Okay, so you Dated a Criminal, which is very exciting. So exciting, so Exciting. Please walk us through it. I'm single and like most singles, I go on dating apps and I had a match with this guy. I will say I was so taken back by his good looks that all logic went out the window. It's Powerful, right? It sure is. Especially with the blue eyes. We matched. We started talking and we quickly moved the conversation to text and he's like, I'll just call you. And I was like, okay, cool. He calls me, we're on the phone and he is like, Hey, how do you pronounce your name? And I said, Fania. And he's like, Fania, Fania.


I like how that rolls off my tongue. Oh. And I was like, okay. It kind of came off as a little weird, but I again didn't think anything of it. And so we start talking about where we should go out for our first date. And he's like, well I wanna take you bike riding at night near a canal. And I was like, I don't think that's appropriate for a first date. What? Oh my God, I wanna, hold on. I wanna take you bike riding at night by a canal. Yeah. It's So Specific. That's one step away from I wanna take you on a date next to a six foot hole. I dug, Hi, I wanna murder you. So I was like, no, that's not appropriate for a first date. Let's just meet during the day in public. So we agreed to meet for lunch the next day.


Lunch goes well. He's super good looking in person too. After the date he walks me to my car and he's like, I've had a good time. I wanna see you again. And he kind of has me like up against my car. 'cause he walked me to my car and he's leaning forward. He's like, we really need to go on that bike ride. Oh. And I was like, I don't wanna go. He's like, I think we really should go. I was like, I don't even have a bike. He's like, I have a bike for you. We can go. I know of a great spot. You can see the stars. And I was like, I don't think so. Well, first of all, I just wanna applaud your boundaries. Yeah. I think a lot of people when meeting someone that's gorgeous, they're trying to go along with anything just to keep everything moving forward. And so I'm already pretty impressed.


Although I also hope you end up on this bike ride so we know what happens on it. I don't think I would be here if I ended up on that bike ride. Yeah. That I'm glad you did not do that. So he's like, I'll call you later. I'm like, okay. So I'm driving home and I'm like, oh crap. I did not ask him the one question I asked guys before I meet them, have you ever been arrested? Ooh. And I also looked him up before I go out with them because better safe than sorry. But again, being so googly-eyed about his good looks, I didn't think about it. And so I text him, I'm like, Hey, have you ever been to jail? And he's like, no. I was like, have you ever been arrested? He's like, no. I'm like, okay, great. So later that night he calls me and we're just catching up about our day and he brings up the bike ride again.


Oh boy. He's like, you have to go. It's so nice. At this point I was getting really turned off. Yeah, yeah. And just didn't understand why he was being so pushy and not respecting my boundaries. So I was like, we ended the conversation. I got home, I looked him up online and into my shock that previous month he had been arrested for assault and battery kidnapping. Oh, disorderly conduct. What? Oh my God. And I was like, what the hell? Oh Really quick. How do you find that info out? I think people might benefit from knowing how you discovered that. You can find out a lot about a person with their phone number, which is kind of the scary part.


So I had his phone number. I went on one of the websites, just typed it in his first name, last name came up. Did They match who he had said he was? Yes. That did match. And the age too. And then you take that information and depending on where you live, for us it's Maricopa County. So like the Maricopa County Superior Court website. That's where you would go. And then you click on criminal and you would just fill in their name. Oh. And if they have anything for criminal or even legal or family, it comes right up. Oh wow. Interesting. Someone smart should put that in a one step app. A new app. Yeah, that'd be great. Yeah. Safety screener. Great. And then you can type in someone's name and then it does all that stuff for you and just gives you a laundry list of what they've done.


We are supported by Liquid iv New Year's resolutions are often about creating new rituals for yourself minus sprinting this year. Yeah, that's a good one. I'm starting to journal more. Journaling, sprinting, take your pick. No matter what your goals, you can enhance them with the support of Liquid iv. It's an easy ritual to start that is scientifically proven to replace necessary nutrients lost from everyday dehydration. Just tear, pour, and enjoy. Liquid IV has delicious true to fruit flavors to keep you hydrated. Like acai berry, lemon, lime, and pina colada. They even have sugar free flavors like raspberry lemonade and white peach. I love that pina colada. It is so delicious. I love electrolytes. We all know this. Yeah. This is tried and true. That's your religion. Break the mold and own your ritual. Just one stick plus 60 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. So embrace your ritual with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use Code Dax at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today. Using promo code dax@liquidiv.com.


We are supported by Cook Unity. A lot of people think about their health in January and what you eat is a huge part of that. But if the thought of spending hours of your free time planning and meal prepping doesn't sound appealing, cook Unity is a great solution. Cook Unity partners with award-winning chefs from across the US to bring you an at-home dining experience you can't find anywhere else. These are healthy, balanced, and incredibly delicious meals made with the very best ingredients they use. Fresh seasonal produce, humanely raised meat, and even organic ingredients when possible. Convenience plus quality make a great combination so you have time and energy to focus on your other 2025 goals. What I love about Cook Unity is the variety and It's convenient, which I really like. We need that. Yes. Reset your routine with convenient mouthwatering meals, crafted with local ingredients by award-winning chefs. Go to Cook unity.com/dax or enter code Dax before checkout for 50% off your first week. That's 50% off your first week by using Code Dax or going to cook unity.com/dax.


We are supported by Squarespace. Maybe you've got dreams of turning your hobby into a side hustle this year, or finally opening an online store. Maybe you wanna share your knowledge with the world and make an online course. Squarespace is the perfect partner to take your website to the next level and help you accomplish your 2025 goals. No matter what type of site you want to build, Squarespace can help you make it. If you're starting an online store, Squarespace makes checkout seamless. Their flexible payment options, including credit cards, PayPal and Apple Pay, make it easy for your customers to check out. And Squarespace has all the tools you need to create and sell your own online course. Start with a layout that fits your brand. Upload videos and customize everything with next generation editing technology. Create engaging lessons your audience will love. Then add a paywall and set the price. Take what you know and turn it into income. We use Squarespace to make our lovely website incredible and it functions. It's pretty, it's effective, it's efficient, and Highly functional. Yes. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial and when you're ready to get started, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dax to get started today.


Okay. So when you read that stuff, you're like, holy smokes, what do you do next? So I text him, of course. 'cause I'm curious, I wanna push the limits a little. And I was like, so one more time. Have you ever been arrested? Have you ever been to jail? And he's like, no. And I was like, okay. So I blocked him and I didn't talk to him again. Wow. Oh my God. Did it cross your mind to alert law enforcement? Like, Hey, this dude is trying to get people to go on this bike ride. He's clearly hoarding a victim. Oh, I don't mean to make you feel guilty. That's why I don't think it would work. I didn't, I didn't wanna toy with that and open a whole pot of worms that I probably wasn't equipped to carry.


But I was just like, what the hell? We also know from the stocking episodes, they can't do anything unless it's already happened. Unfortunately. And because I didn't go on the bike ride, I don't have anything To report. Oh. But for the longest time when I would drive by a canal, I would just look at him, get like this eerie feeling. And then for a while there were bodies that were being found in the canal. Have you looked him up, Bre? How long ago was this? This was about a year ago. Yes. I did look him up after I've made the submission and he pleaded guilty to some of the charges. Mm Oh he did. So he's likely in jail currently, I would hope. I don't think he is because I did see him on the app last week.


Oh My God. Oh my God. Oh, How can you admit to kidnapping and not be in jail? Good. Looks good. Lawyer. I have no clue. Oh yeah, he's on the apps. That's bad. Ay Yy. Ay. Oh my god. Okay, so ladies and dudes Do a double check. Once you get that number, run it through CIA's system and make sure they have no record of kidnapping. Yikes. Before I got in a relationship last year, my friend did like an extensive background check on the guy. I will say I'm very diligent now and I don't get blindsided by the goat looks anymore. Yeah, well you did the right thing the whole time. It sounds like you kept yourself safe. You know dudes weaponize those good looks.


You look at a lot of these serial killers and they're quite handsome. It can be captivating Because if a gargoyle will invite you on a bike ride, it's easy to say No thank you. That Is true. Yeah. I always joke that if I did get kidnapped, it's because he had a good car. He was good looking. Or a puppy. That's how he lorded me in Dax. Okay. So I have been freaking out all week. To say that I love you would be an understatement of the year. You've been one of my first crushes. And as I've gotten older and learned more about you, I just fall more in love with you. Aw, You're playing it. Very cool. Thank You. Well, I think it's great the work that you're doing and how you've been vulnerable and sharing your struggles with other people. I used to work as a substance abuse counselor, although I don't have experience firsthand with addiction.


I have seen what it does to people and how it's hard for them to overcome it. So I just love that you're vulnerable enough to share that with people. Thank you. And if I could give one shout out to my kids, Please. Yes. Do We listen to your show all the time? I vet the episodes and then once I know they're kid friendly, we listen to them. But I just wanna give out, shout out to Brody and Liam. My youngest was a little bummed that he couldn't be here today. He said little kids have stories to share too. Oh, We should start a kid's version of Armchair Anonymous. That would be hilarious. I think you should. But thank you guys so much. Love you too, Monica. Thank you. Thank You all. Take care. Bye bye.


Hello? Hello? Hello. Can you hear us? Hey guys. Yes. I can hear you. Look at this screen. Screen. What's in the back? That is a freeze frame. I'm punked. Oh, 2003. 2003. Yes. I thought it'd be a nice little homage to you because it kind of reminded me a little bit about the story I'm gonna share today. Ooh. Oh wonderful. That's exciting. Where are you? I would like to use a fake name, but I am in this PNW. We're gonna go with Ariana for this story. Ooh, Ariana Grande. Timely. Kind of a little bit of a VPR connection 'cause I'm gonna call the criminal boyfriend Tom here. Okay. Wait, what's VPR? I don't Know. Vanderpump rules.


Oh, I should have known that. You Know all about Vanderpump rules. I don't know all about, but I know enough that I should have gotten that. I'm embarrassed and I'm gonna cut it Out. Okay. So just kidding. Tom and Ariana somewhere in the vague Pacific Northwest. So I'm up here now, but the story actually takes place down in your region. San Fernando Valley. I'm a SoCal native, but I've been up here since a little bit after this story. This story takes place between 2012 and 2013. I was about 22 at the time. I'd been in a really serious relationship. It ended after six years and I was single for the first time and it'd been a tumultuous year for me.


And my mom was really sick with cancer. I'd been taking care of my grandpa that passed away and I just was kind of deep in the trenches of life and just trying to figure out what adulthood was gonna look like for me. I was single living alone. And I had also, right after that long relationship ended transitioned into a new job where I was an apartment manager and I was managing a pretty large multifamily low income complex in the valley. I was in way over my head. I had a manager's unit that came with my salary. And so I had a detached little four bedroom townhouse unit in the complex. And I had gotten two roommates at the time.


And so the three of us were living there. And what do you do when you're single and young in the valley and you don't know how to date? I started a couple online dating profiles 2012. Not a really familiar thing. I guess I should have known more about the red flags at many points in the story, but I didn't. And so that's what led me to meet Tom. So he invited me and one of my roommates over one night, just come over and hang out. We'll have some drinks. Can I ask really quick on the dating profile, what was it that caught your attention? He Definitely had like a bit of a bad boy element and like the pictures and his correspondence, was He the opposite of the six year long boyfriend?


He was the opposite. So we went over there, had a little night of fun, just hanging out pretty casual. I do remember like his house was really gross and he was also living with his grandpa, which I just remember catching the grandpa in a hospital bed in one of the rooms of the house. We kept it casual for a few months. I was still dating around. It wasn't like anything exclusive. But then one weekend he called me and said, Hey, I need a favor. My grandpa wrote me this check and I lost my wallet and I need your help. Can I sign it over to you? And you just put it in your bank account like when the money clears, I'll give you a little bit as a kickback, a thank you for helping me out.


I was really young and naive and didn't realize that I was clearly about to commit some check fraud and I did it. Do You remember how much it was for? I think it was for $800. Okay. Somewhere in that range. And maybe he told me he'd gimme like $200 out of it or something. But of course my bank account ended up overdrawn. My account was flagged for fraud and I remember sorting through it and just letting it go and feeling this is like a bad guy in my life, but I just continue to talk to him for no really great reason at this point I just kind of kept getting sucked in. Oh, I Have a great reason. Your grandfather just died. Your mother's super sick, you're in over her head. There's a lot going on. You need comfort lot of course. Any little burp of comfort you're gonna seek that's impossible to resist in a moment like that.


Yeah, yeah. Thanks guys. It's a big part of my life that I'm not super proud of, but kind of put a pin in that situation at the check and fast forward the next probably six months are just utter chaos with this guy. He weasel his way into living in my apartment, says, oh, I could be another roommate. You have a third room still available and just takes over every facet of my life. Destroys the apartment, ultimately chases my roommates out. You know, I was doing a lot of shady stuff, but I also am not fully aware of what's going on and still kind of having like a blind eye to some of it. There was a lot of introduction to some recreational harder drugs at the time and everything was just kind of a big messy blur.


And I was going down the road of fuck around and find out, but just was enjoying the ride I guess as I was going along with it. So fast forward again to close to my birthday later the next year in 2013 we had gone out to dinner to go visit my parents and we're driving home and the apartment complex is gated and I go through the gate and my unit is attached just to the left. And as I'm pulling in, it's nighttime and it's dark, but there's streetlights in the parking lot. I can see what looks like people going in and out of my apartment, not roommates. And I get a little bit closer and I can see what's going on is my apartment is being robbed all out in the open.


Oh my god, I see a couple pickup trucks and a handful of guys carrying lamps. I see like an end table being brought out. Oh My god, Jesus. I can't imagine your possessions at 22 were all that valuable. They were not all that valuable. It was like robbing goodwill at this point. Exactly. As I'm looking at the situation unfold, I can see these guys are not strangers. I recognize them as a trio of kind of motorcycle gig slash Russian mobster vibe. Folks that my ex-boyfriend Tom at the time had to introduced to me as friends a few weeks earlier. And when I met them it was a very uncomfortable vibe as most of the company that he was keeping were.


But they were friendly enough. There was a leader of the pack, we'll call him Mishka. And Mishka at one point when I had met him, had told me how he had a deep passion for martial arts. He was wondering if he could teach class to the underprivileged children in my community that I was managing. Oh boy. It was a really oddly specific request that stuck out a lot. Yeah. And you know, I thought, okay, well maybe these guys aren't so bad, but also maybe they're not great. And also within that timeframe, after meeting him, my ex-boyfriend had brought home like a felony amount of weed. There was at least a few big bags that I had seen and feeling way in over my head, but not realizing the level of criminal activity of the partner that I was in the trenches with.


You know, I saw the weed and then a couple days later I didn't see it and I just didn't really ask any questions. I knew that he had sourced it from these guys and that's kind of where I left it. So I assumed that whatever was going on had something to do with drug deal gone bad. Some retaliation here of robbing my apartment. Although he was living there, it was filled with my stuff of course. 'cause he was not contributing a lot to the situation. And so I see these guys and I'm like, what in the world is going on? And he tells me, go over to your manager's office unit, which was on the other side of the parking lot, like lock the doors, close the windows, I'll take care of it. Just don't call the police. I go over there and I also have security cameras in there so I can see everything that's going on in the unit.


And it was close enough that I could also kind of see through the window a little bit. And I'm just watching for what feels like probably like a half an hour or so. Wow. And I'm just seeing Tom just flailing his arms, yelling, trying to slow them down. And they're not trying to like attack him or take him out or anything, but they're just continuing to like one by one. Oh my god. Take everything out. And took a handful of pickup trucks that they had brought in their motorcycles. And then the strangest thing occurred and I'm watching and all of a sudden Tom and Mishka just embrace in this like big bear hug. I'm looking at the camera and it looks like there could be tears falling. I am not sure what's going on. And then all of a sudden, like it's a flip of the switch, these guys just start systematically unloading everything back into my apartment.


Oh, what Tom is helping them unload everything. I saw them embrace in like another hug at the end. Whoa. And that was it. Wild. What If you came to find out they were just there to execute a deep clean? Mm. They're like, we gotta get everything out to shampoo these carpets. Just Check for something. Maybe they were looking for the weed. Who knows? Huh? Tom just said it was a misunderstanding and kind of swept it under the rug. And of course I knew that this was a building block to something not good brewing and these guys are in my home in my place of work. Did You have a sense that If you asked Tom to leave he wasn't gonna comply? Like did you feel like you had lost even the ability to get rid of him? Absolutely. I narrowed this down for kind of a more humorous and entertaining aspect, but it was a pretty bad and dark period of time.


Yeah. Yeah. And isn't it crazy, we take on the shame of having not advocated for ourself yet. We're so clearly the victim, but it's hard to not feel some weird shame. I think that's why criminality can persist in the way it does. Yes. Things didn't end so well for him either, which also circles back to those feelings of lot of guilt and shame. But I'll loop back to you where this all ties together. So I swept it under the rug. Wanted to believe that was it. Spoiler, it wasn't. So about another month passed by and at this point our relationship is really falling apart, which is good. He was not staying in the apartment with me anymore.


It was a Saturday night and I'm just blowing off some steam partying a bit with some friends and another kind of romantic partner that I had who was a close friend, kinda the person I really wanted to be with at the time. But I was hindered by this leash from the villain in the story. And in any case, work, partying. We're doing a little Molly, I haven't talked to the other guy friend in this story since then. And I called him last night in preparation and said, Hey, do you remember this crazy night 12 years ago? And he was like, oh my god, you know, I got a bad memory. But I remember that like it was yesterday. Oh wow. Like lemme tell you, it was not cool. So he, he helped me fine tune the details and there was him and two friends and we're rolling balls in the trenches at this point.


He reminded me we were doing like a little massage train on the ground. Oh lovely. We have the lights, the music, and then all of a sudden the front door swings open and in comes this mishka mobster. Oh God. And he prances right in and is like, Hey, what are you guys doing? Yeah, having a party. Where's Tom? And we're obviously deep in an altered state, hence why my door wasn't locked and I was just incoherent to the situation, but also trying to figure out, is this guy gonna shoot us? What is going on here? What is he looking for? Two others at the pact were just hanging out by the door outside. So it was not a great setup. Quite uncomfortable.


I'm sure it would've been a lot worse if I was in a sober mind state. But my friend recalled that he came and just like sat at the table, was like, we've been looking for Tom for quite a while. I know he's gotta be here. I mean, I see his dog here. We had a dog at the time that we had got during our relationship and he had left the dog with me and fled to San Diego. And so I had the dog and it's like, I don't know where he is. Look around. He's not here. I don't have anything to do with whatever is going on with you guys, but you need to go. And he really was hung up on the dog aspect. Like there's no way this guy's gonna leave his dog guy and he loves his dog. He's like a genius detective all of a sudden and thinks he's really figured something out. My friend also recalled that he definitely saw that they were armed and that he had a gun on him.


Ah, I've blocked out a lot of elements of this, but I'm sure that had something to do with the level of interrogation. It was such a creepy demeanor. Like he was friendly, but obviously he was not there to hang out. And he ultimately was like, all right, well make sure you let him know we're looking for him. He did ask on the way out, like, and remember, I'm really serious about that martial arts class for the kids in the Community here. Oh my God, Please gimme a call to talk about this. So Weird. It's like a guy Richie movie. The guy's also a Nora really wants to teach someone martial arts. Yeah. He was not letting that part go. So he left. We were okay, and shortly after things were quickly unraveling. And obviously I was trying to desperately get out of this relationship and I was lamenting to a mutual friend, I just feel so stupid, I shouldn't know.


Not that first red flag of the check fraud incident when we were first dating to kick this guy to the curb. And she laughed and said, you know, he's done this before. Don't you know his Judge Judy story? Oh God. And I said, no, I got on the computer that night. Did a little Google search and there he was as a defendant on Judge Judy for scamming a very innocent foreign exchange student that he had met at Six Flags Magic Mountain. Oh my God. For check fraud. Guys. This is so bizarre. It was not great. So it was a pretty full circle moment and pretty embarrassing, but also like, well this is what it is. But where I was ultimately able to break free from him after a couple more months of turmoil.


And I decided pretty quickly after the second interrogation incident in my apartment that I just needed to get away. I was in way over my head with a very active criminal. So I ended up moving up here to the PNW and it was the best decision of my life. I met my husband a year or so after I moved up here and we have a great blended family and a beautiful five-year-old daughter. She just celebrated her fifth birthday actually two days after your big birthday deck. Oh, you guys are almost birthday twins. Wow. Did you ever find out through the grapevine what happened to Tom? He couldn't have been long for this world in freedom. I did after we split up and I came up here, he moved, I think to live with family in Indiana.


Presumably on the run, God only knows how many other activities were going on and people were looking for him. But I did learn from a mutual friend a few years after he'd been here that he ultimately committed suicide. Oh He did. Even though he brought so much misery and chaos and just destruction to my life and to his, there were obviously parts of him that were redeeming. And it's hard when you go through such a dark period of time with somebody and have a lot of remorse and resentment. But I felt like when that happened, it helped me understand that a lot of his actions towards me were coming from something that I could not comprehend.


You're Not generally choosing that life path because things are going well and you're feeling good, kind of an AA thing. But it's often helpful to remember that the people that you resent and have harmed you, they're the ones that will live with their mistakes. You don't live with their mistakes, you live with your mistakes. And people live with their own mistakes and the bill comes due. No one really gets away with anything. Maybe they don't go to jail, maybe they don't die, but the suffering is gonna be there. You can't avoid that. That's very good insight. It's been a long time. I really put a lot of this behind me and I'm really happy and have made a lot of good choices since then. But it's a tough part of my story overall.


But it was also a defining moment and action that really changed everything. And you know, I fantasized about telling you guys some portion of this story for a long time. It's a real dream come true. Well, We're really grateful you shared it. Yeah, that's a wild one. I Remember hearing in a episode a couple weeks ago, you guys were like, oh, we need to do like a time you were dating a drug dealer or dating a criminal. And then Here it's, ah, here we're, It's gonna be my time to shine. Somebody's listening. They're like, I know they're gonna have a, if you've been trampled by an elephant prompt someday, just rest assured every prompt will come. A lot of crazy things that I told them, just this little part, but it was a doozy. It branched out into a lot of other crazy shit.


Yeah. I'm glad you lived through it and then it made you who you are. Yeah, it made you Stronger. Thank you. Alright, thanks guys. Bye. Bye.


We are supported by Quince. When it comes to winter, cozy is king for the ultimate cold weather necessities made from premium materials. You've gotta check out Quince. With Quince, you can treat yourself to true quality at an affordable price like something everyone needs in their closet. Quince is Mongolian cashmere sweaters, which start at just $50 for real cashmere. That's a great deal. Or they're super soft fleece sweatpants, which are a major upgrade to those old sweats you've had forever. No matter what you're looking for. All Quince items are priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands, and they use premium fabrics and finishes for that high quality feel in every piece. I saw some of these items appear on a very, very trusted gift guide from a friend. Oh really? Yeah. The sweatpants are on there. People love the sweatpants and really great for travel. Yeah, I'm eyeing those sweatpants luxuriate in coziness without the luxury price tag. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for 365 day returns plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


We are supported by Tropical Smoothie Cafe. Do you know what time it is? Well, at Tropical Smoothie Cafe, it's always tro time. That's because when you take a break and taste the tropics with their made to order smoothies, bowls, and wraps, every sip and bite feels like a little trip to a tropic resort. I love this idea of tropic time. It's that bit of brightness and refreshment we need. When the days are shorter and darker during the winter months, transport me to a tropical beach with the sun shining and the sound of ocean in the background. What a dream and tropical smoothie cafe just released two brand new tropic bowls, the dragon fruit bowl with goji berries and the acai bowl with Nutella. Try them today and get ready for some tropic time. Visit tropical smoothie cafe.com to find a cafe near you.


Hi. Hello. Sorry, I was just polishing off my pre-workout drink. How are you? I'm Good. How are you guys? Good. Wonderful. It looks like you're in a yurt. Did you make a four? Well, my cousin and my best friend made a fort for me. Oh, that was nice of them. It looks, It's like every blanket in my house and I think there are brooms stuck to chairs. It's pretty impressive. People get Really innovative. Let's Pray. There's not a structural collapse mid story. One of them's a contractor, so I have faith. You're in good hands. You're in good hands. Just Integrity in that fort. Yeah, exactly. Brittany, where are you in the world? I'm outside of Portland, Oregon in Beaverton, Oregon. The home of my brother Beaverton's.


Lovely. It's Wonderful. Okay, so you Dated a Criminal? I did. This was in 2012. I was 18, almost 19 in college away from home for the first time. Where were you at? Down in southern Oregon. I went to go visit a friend who went to a different school about three hours away. He was having a party, lived in this big house with a bunch of roommates and I meet, sorry, there's a cat intruding on me. I meet this guy at the party and we just instantly clicked super handsome. We talked the whole night. He said that he wasn't a student. He was actually an assistant professor at the school. Oh. But he was close to our age, just a little bit older and yeah, had a great time with him.


And when I leave and go back home, we keep texting and talking constantly. And a week or so goes by. I knew so much about him. He was really close with his family. His grandparents took him in when he was little because his mom died really tragically. He told me about his ex, who was a liar and a cheater and just awful. Anyways, I decided to go back up and meet him for a weekend. I was really looking forward to it. I get there and we're walking up to his room and he just mentions something as we're walking in. He's like, oh yeah, I just vacuumed for you. And we get in there and the floor is disgusting. I don't know why he would lie about that, but it was obviously a lie. Don't really think anything else of it. I stay the night and I had to go home the next day.


But as I'm getting ready to go, I get a Facebook message and it's from someone I don't know, but I recognize the name and it's his ex-girlfriend. Oh, okay. The lying, cheating bitch. Yep. And I read it and he's staring at me and it says, I want you to be aware of Dee. I wish someone would've warned me. He ruined my life. And I just stop and look up at him. And I literally was like, oh my God, she is such a bitch. She's crazy. Of course you lied about the floor, but you were right about the ex. I know. It's so ridiculous. I go back to my school, life goes on, we keep talking. He says that he wants to come visit me next and his car's in the shop or something.


So he gets on a Greyhound bus to come see me. I pick him up from the bus station and he gets off. He has like a giant suitcase, a duffle bag and a backpack. Oh Boy. And he is just gonna stay one night with me. Oh No. Whatever. Who cares? Maybe it's full of presents for me. I don't know. And we go back to my apartment, have a great time. Things seem normal. That was a Friday or a Saturday On Sunday. I'm like, Hey, what time do we need to go back to the Greyhound station? And he just kind of like, well, I have a surprise for you. I took some time off work and fall break is coming up soon so I don't have to go back. I get to stay. Oh God. Oh boy. Now really quick, from Friday till Sunday, is your attraction to him staying completely consistent and strong?


Is it growing or is it dissipating? Are there other things where you're like, eh, he's not as great as I thought that Would happen here and there, but then he would do something that made me feel so special. Yeah. Love bombs. So him telling me like I'm not leaving was the first time I remember really feeling off about him though. But again, whatever, I'm 19 and don't yet know how to stand up for myself. And he stays. He doesn't have a car there. So he is driving me in my car to school every day while he just sits at my house. One day I remember coming home and I had had $200 sitting on the counter and I'm like, Hey, where did that money go? Well, what money? Oh, the money that was right here. No one else has been here. What do you mean? Oh yeah. Oh, that money.


Well, I remember how you said that you wanted to stop spending so much. Oh my. So I hid it from you. Oh God. Yeah. Thanks dad. Also, what a dumb excuse. I get pissed. I'm like, where is it? Give it back. Well, I put it in the TV speaker. Oh my God. We, I had, yeah, I said we I, my apartment, my life, My family. Say it on repeat. Right. It's been a long time. It's still a problem. Apparently you remember those big screen TVs, but they were boob tubes and they had the speakers on the bottom and they sat on those and he's like, I pushed it through there, so If you really want it, I can get it out, but I'll have to take the whole TV apart.


My cash stayed in the tv. I don't know. I sort of believed it. I wasn't fully there, but I also kind of believed it, which is terrible. Also. How would he get it in if he couldn't get it out? Well, in addition to being an associate professor, he is also a master mechanic. But he said he couldn't get it out without taking apart the TVs. He said he pulled it up and like shoved it in there. Okay, okay. Okay. A while later, I don't remember exactly how long, but probably a month or so and weird things happen in between. He's still there At the apartment. He's still there a month later. Yep. I am going to visit my mom who lives in Hawaii and I'm gonna go for like a week or 10 days or something. So he drives me. And of course he is gonna stay at my apartment and take care of my dog Really quick.


And this is not to try to shame you for not poking holes. Just a genuine curiosity. Once it had gone beyond two weeks, which was the initial concept, which is spring break or whatever the break was, what was his explanation for why he wasn't returning? That He wanted to be with me and he was gonna find his own place down here also, I was just at a point in my life where I had very low self-esteem. And the fact that this boy was showing interest in me and making me feel special, it was like, I gotta hold onto it. Yeah. Yeah. So he drives me to the airport and drops me off in my car, kiss him goodbye. He drives away. And little do I know, that's gonna be the last time I ever see him.


So get on this six-ish hour flight land, turn my phone back on, and I have 37 missed calls. Oh my God. And so I'm panicking, and there are a lot from my dad, and there are some from one unknown number. And so I listen to the first voicemail and it's my dad. And he's just like B. In the past few hours, over $5,000 has been racked up on my credit card that you have for emergencies. Oh no. And you better hope it wasn't you because cops are involved. And I'm just like, what the fuck? And I rip open my wallet and there it is in the back. Never touched. I have it right. Yeah. Yeah. And I listened to another voicemail and the other number turns out to be a detective. Find out. My dad reported this detective goes to my apartment, finds my front door wide open.


My dog was gone. I guess the neighbor had found my dog running around the parking lot and scooped him up. Detective said that he doesn't know what I had in there, but it looks like things might not be right. There's nothing with the tv. The TV's huge, but there's no back then like DVD player and cable box, all of that's gone. And my car, of course, is not there either. Oh. Oh my God. Just a nightmare. Brittany, can I ask you a quick question? Please? Yeah. You got a little emotional at that part. And I'm curious, when dad enters the equation, are you so ashamed? He knows this. Is that why I didn't even first go to a tip?


Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. I was confused and angry that my dad could think I did this. And then feeling like I'm gonna have to defend myself because I have the card. It's not like I lost it. I never even touch it. It's for emergencies. But then when my car's not there, my dad of course owns my car, just an old Camry. But he reports it's stolen. And de and I were texting a little bit. My dad was like, it's gotta be him. And the detective said to just act normal if I can. Don't talk to him about this. And so we didn't talk on the phone. I remember saying I had bad service and I'm there with my mom. She's helping me. So a few days go by and the detective calls me again and he says, we followed up with some of the stores that the purchases were made.


One of them was the Walmart right next to my house. And they were physical purchases in the store while I'm on the plane. And he goes, we have the video of who did it. Oh, ble. And he emails it to me and I pull it up and it's loading and it's grainy and it's black and white and I'm watching it like stops on the purchase. And it's not him. It's not Dee. Oh, it's not. Is it the girlfriend Plot twist? It's a woman, but she's older. It wasn't the ex-girlfriend. But so now in my mind I'm like, oh, thank God it's not Dee. He's still wonderful ish, Wonderful ish. I'm not dating a terrible person.


You Feel validated in your own choices in life. It's like, oh, I didn't pick this horrible person. That's what the relief really is. My judgment isn't this bad. Yeah. And so a few more days go on, I get another call from the detective and he says, we found your car. Dee was driving it. They pulled him over. I guess he instantly confess to everything. Oh really? He had somehow made a copy of the credit card. He had been making purchases before this with it, but they were spread out and not major. He said, I'm gonna return all of it. I was just borrowing it. They arrest him, of course, take him to the little jail in my tiny town.


And the detective then tells me, you need to know the phone call that he made while we had past tense. Had him in custody. I don't remember if he played the recording for me or If you told me, but the woman answers and he says, mom, they caught us. Oh, They caught us, mom. Oh my God, this is wild. I did not see mom entering The chat. Me either. Whoa, Me either. Mom was supposed to be dead. Oh, I forgot that part. Oh my God. A mother, son con team. So she's like kind of munchausen. See, I guess a little bit, he sucks, but he probably sort of infected him.


What more did we find out? They released him. His arraignment is gonna be two days later. Of course he doesn't show up. It was over 20 charges and they issue a warrant for his arrest and time goes by and meanwhile, I am trying to find him. I'm doing my own investigating and I get, I would say, close to obsessed with investigations and criminology. And they never found him until two years ago. 2022. Oh my God. He got pulled over? No, they arrested him. Released him again. Oh, what? Oh God. The system. And he didn't show up again. But in the end, my interest in investigating and criminology and all of these things led to I am now a licensed private investigator.


Wow. Wow. Oh my God. There are a lot of plot twists in this thing. A lot of these stories are people making lemonade out of bad, rotten Lemon. Yeah, rot rotten lemons. There were a lot of other things between then and when I got licensed about a year ago that kept pushing me in this direction. But I love it. And I'm working on murder cases. Did you ever reach out to the ex-girlfriend who warned you to find out what she had gone through? I Didn't. I would be very curious to know how similar her experience was. Yeah. I don't know why I haven't really thought about that. You should tell her it was the mom. Well, maybe she knew.


Well, Don't you think she would straight up say in the message, look, he's a conman with this mom. There's A mother and son con operation. I know it sounds crazy, but it's real. Just ask him. Well, you would've gone. The mom's dad, boy, she's a bitch. And she's nuts. And now I'm the crazy new ex-girlfriend that I just learned about the 2022 arrest because I am a PI and I was able to pull all these documents and I was just going over last night. And was he arrested just from the skipping bail and the previous thing, or were there new charges? I just looked based on the case number from my case back in 2012. But there probably are more. Yeah. I mean he's probably at 12 more years of being a scoundrel.


That's so long. Yeah. And then the fact that they just let him go again and we learned nothing, God. Right. Wow. Brittany, that's that's really something. Yeah. Mom, they caught us. Oh, That's chilling. You're right though, Monica, if we wanna attempt to be as generous as possible, how fucked up was his childhood that his mother has enlisted him in her criminal pursuit? I mean, what's gonna be a very weird Dynamic? What do you have if your mom is grooming you, bringing you in? Exactly. And I wonder how much of the other things, because obviously most of what he told me was a lie, but I especially think about like his family because he would talk about, he's so close with his family and his grandparents and his aunt, and tell me all of these stories.


Like, is that still happening? No. Wow. This is Happening. I think there are not real All just made up in his head. Ugh. Who knows? I think that's the most gruesome part of these experiences is like trying to parse out what was real and what wasn't real. Absolutely. And then ultimately you're trying to answer the question, did he actually like me or love me? Somehow you're trying to hold onto building a case for that. So you need Tim to have been truthful about some portion of it so that the other thing, yeah. You're just forced into that position. And it really fucked with my head for a long time to already have that low self-worth. And then to think that I found someone who loves me for me, and then it's like, oh no, I was just a target.


It changes your worldview a bit. Right? And it scares you about your own ability to protect yourself. It makes you feel more vulnerable in the world. It also confirms the wrong view you have of yourself. It's like, oh yeah, this thing, I thought I was unlovable. I guess I am. Because clearly this was the proof. It's cruel. Yeah. It took until 2020 for me to, I think, fully snap out of what happened. There was a marriage, a divorce, and to be like, okay, no, I am worthy. I'm a badass. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, you are. We already know that I'm the lead character motherfuckers. Exactly. So here we are. Good. Oh Man. I do think this kind of experience does ruin a lot of people, so I'm happy for you.


You're Tough. Thank you. Well, Brittany, this has been a delight and what a series of twist and Turns. What a story. Thanks for sharing. And now I have somebody, if I need to investigate anyone in the Pacific Northwest. Absolutely. I got you. If you ever start investigating Dave Shepherd for something, just do me a solid and overlook it all. Don't take any cases against my family members up there. I promise I'll self-employed. I get to choose. That's a deal. Alright, well wonderful meeting you, Brittany. Thanks for, thanks for telling us that. You Guys too. Thank you so much. All Right, take care. There's a couple patterns here, right? We saw right away there's something about a long-term breakup and then the rebound that seems to be a little fertile for something.


Almost All of them had just gotten outta a Long relationship in high school. It's like they had their first kind of really innocent relationship and then the next one, you're a little vulnerable for whatever reason. Well, very, again, this sense of am I worth loving? Probably not because this other relationship didn't work. So you're just looking for confirmation. I only speak for myself when you're young and you're in these long relationships and it follows that pattern that relationships follow, which is like the good chemicals have worn off, the excitement has worn off, and now it's just that here and now chemicals, and you're a little bored with the person. And I can imagine your natural response to that is like, I need someone more exciting.


The problem was not that that's the pattern of relationships, it's that, oh, I need someone a little more exciting next time. Maybe. Although with Fania, she was just handsome. It's just sad that people Prey on other people. Yeah. Yeah. That's a bummer. You know, I met someone at the Golden Globes of all places. A woman who said, Hey, I want to thank you for that narcissist episode. It helped me realize that my mother's a narcissist and answered a lot of things. So I guess my only hope for this would be If you are in a situation that is mirroring any of these details, the quicker you pull the plug the better. And it's not a reflection of you.


No, but it's really, you crossed Path's, bastar. It's really hard to see that in the moment. It is. Well, I love you and I'm really glad that no criminal has ever preyed on you. Mon. Not yet. Fingers crossed. Yeah. Oh, is that a New Year's resolution? To not ask me to knock on wood, because that was a knock on wood moment if there ever was one. You're right. It wasn't a resolution. In fact, I think I knocked on wood yesterday. Okay. You did. Yeah. There was a moment, But maybe I'm cutting back. All right. I love You. Love you. Do you wanna sing a tune or something? We a theme song. Oh, okay, great. We don't for this new show.


So here I go. Go. We're gonna some random question, get some suggestions. Fly. Fly. Enjoy.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


On January 5th, 2024, an Alaska Airlines door plug tore away. Mid-flight, leaving a gaping hole in the side of a plane that carried 171 passengers. This heart-stopping incident was just the latest in a string of crises surrounding the aviation manufacturing giant Boeing. In the past decade, Boeing has been involved in a series of damning scandals and deadly crashes that have chipped away at its once Sterling reputation. At the center of it all, the 7 37 max, the latest season of business wars explores how Boeing, once the gold standard of aviation engineering descended into a nightmare of safety concerns and public mistrust, the decisions, denials and devastating consequences, bringing the titan to its knees and what, if anything, can save the company's reputation. Now, follow business wars on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge business wars, the unraveling of Boeing early and ad free right now on Wondery Plus.