
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts, Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Anonymous. Today, our DIY projects gone wrong. Let's do it yourself. I always said this wrong. This was always a hard, it's hard to say. I always wanted to say DYI Sure. I famously said that in front of somebody and they corrected me and I got humiliated. Oh No. Who? Martha Stewart. I wish. Yeah. Yeah. I want to be humiliated by her. I'd be a sub baby Girl. Yeah, I'd be her baby girl.


I think everyone would. Yeah. Okay. Let's see. There's maggots and I think I got a warn. I got a warn. She don't say that. No. I think I gotta tell people what other things are here. Blood. Blood. Yeah. Blood and maggots. Please enjoy doing yourself. Projects gone wrong.


We are supported by the all new Galaxy S 25 Ultra from Samsung. This phone is a true AI companion that evolves with you to do more for you like handling multiple tasks with just one ask. For example, you can tell it to find a restaurant nearby and text it to my friends, or look up my favorite basketball team schedule and add it to my calendar. And it does it just like that. You just speak the request naturally and the new Galaxy S 25 Ultra takes care of the rest. Okay. This is what AI was meant for. That is Seamless Plus. Now brief with Galaxy AI gives you personalized daily briefings that keep you a step ahead. It'll show you your appointments, the weather, your energy score, and more all in one place. Ready to let AI do more for you so you can do you then get your Galaxy S 25 Ultra now@samsung.com. Compatible with select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check responses for accuracy. Now brief with Galaxy AI displays daily select information from select apps may require internet connection, galaxy AI features by Samsung free through 2025 and require Samsung account login.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is everything a credit card should be. It's easy to manage. Built to be secure, and gives users up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. The best part about Apple Card is applying as quick and easy. Apply in the wallet app on iPhone and see your credit limit offer in minutes subject to credit approval. Apple Card by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


Come and go. Good times. You gotta know. Hello. Hi. How are you? Two? Wonderful. What a bright smile. Did you just get your teeth zoomed? No, you'll never believe this, but I used Arm and Hammer. I used the baking soda toothpaste. Of course you do. It's the only one that works. It really is. And your teeth are sparkling white. Thank you. That's so nice. I feel so validated.


This has turned into a real commercial for the product. I mean, you asked. Okay, so Christina, where are you at right now? I'm in Phoenix, but I live in Salt Lake City normally. Okay. Are you there on business? My boyfriend runs a local grocery store in Salt Lake. There are a bunch of food shows all over the country, which if we have time, I have an Aaron Weekly story to tell about a food show. Oh, Did you meet him? Yes. I met him at the Chicago Food Show for Ted Seegers and I really embarrassed myself. Please Tell me That. Let's hear It. Was he so cute in person? He was so cute. We walked up and my boyfriend obviously knows how much I love the podcast. I was so excited to meet him.


We have the same birthday J two C. Yeah. So we walk up and my sister is an actress, and so I don't wanna ever be starstruck. It's got a very strong belief that I have. And so I was trying to play it cool and I forgot how to speak English. I turned bright red and my boyfriend was trying to be really sweet and was like, oh my gosh, Christina is a huge fan of armchair expert. And then I got embarrassed and mad at him like, Ugh, I'm an arm cherry. I am not A fan. There is a distinguishable difference. I walked away and was like, well, I hope I never get the opportunity to meet Dex and Monica because based on that I hope that I can actually speak.


So this is already going better. I couldn't be happier that Aaron got that kind of reaction. I love it. This is a perfect story. I guarantee he'll remember. 'cause J two C is so rare and coveted. I didn't even get to tell him. Oh, you didn't. That would've fast tracked you. Yeah, but I couldn't get it out sadly. Okay, so you have a DIY story that went poorly. I do. This story takes place in the fall of 2013, kind of around Halloween. When I was in college, I went to a small liberal arts college in Salt Lake. My roommates and I lived in this super charming 19 hundreds house off campus. It had these beautiful original hardwood floors.


It was just full of vintage charm and we had no business living there. But I was a sophomore in college and at my school, I think because there's this big religious influence in Salt Lake, I found that there's a really strong counterculture to that, and my college really leaned into that counterculture. We embraced every opportunity to run wild. Ah. Oh God. I wish I went there. It was very fun. But at my school, Halloween wasn't just a fun holiday. It was the event of the year. There was an annual campus Halloween party, and it was obviously one of the most important nights of the year. It had political ramifications.


Yes. It was the night that you would probably hook up with someone that you wouldn't normally run into. You'd have some kind of life altering conversation that you wouldn't remember, make some kind of decision that would haunt you. It ended up being such a mess at the school that they eventually had to shut it down so it doesn't exist anymore. But when I was there, it was like the pinnacle of college life. Oh, You were there at the right time. Since We were broke college students, my roommate and I decided that we couldn't justify spending money on Halloween costumes. We had to DIY it, but we still obviously wanted to look perfect for this night. At this time, we were also deep in a hippie phase. We were vegans and we loved patchouli and environmentalism and not showering to save water, all of That.


Were you into jam bands? Oh, so into jam bands. Naturally, we decided to kind of go along with that, that we were going to go as Mother Nature to this costume party for our DIY costumes. We thought it was sexy and organic and effortless. So our plan was to just buy a huge piece of brown fabric and hot glue real leaves straight from our front yard onto the fabric, and then kind of wrap ourselves in it like a toga. And we thought it was cute and cheap and sustainable. The day of the party, we went into our lawn. We just scooped up huge armfuls of these kind of damp leaves that had been outside for a while. We sat cross-legged on the hardwood floor of our living room, just surrounded by piles of leaves and with a hot glue gun.


We ended up gluing onto the fabric one by one these leaves, and it took basically the whole day. The hot glue gun strings are like floating all around us. We're burning our fingers. But it was Halloween and it was important. Finally, we finished right before the party was about to start, so we reached down to pick up the fabric to kind of wrap ourselves in it. And we realized that the hot glue had bonded the fabric and all of the leaves directly to this original, beautiful, pristine 19 hundreds hardwood floor. Oh no. Oh, it Just leaked right through that. The sustainable fabric. It wasn't even just stuff. It was like completely fused. Oh No. And glue loves wood. All those nooks and crannies.


Whenever we would lift at the corners, it felt like we were pulling the hardwood floor up with the fabric. We couldn't do it. And obviously this party was about to start and our costumes glued to the floor. So in true 19-year-old fashion, fuck it, we'll deal with this tomorrow. So we wore like flannels and suspenders and were lumberjacks or something stupid. No one knew what we were, but we didn't really care. I don't think they would've really understood mother nature also to be Fair, but they wouldn't have noticed the effort. Effort. But it's great because a lot of times you're like, I don't know what the fuck that is, but boy did it take 'em a while and I applaud that. I Would love that reaction and that was not what we got. But it ended up being a fun night. I think the next day was Sunday and we were very, very hungover and when we walked into the living room, we were like, we do not have the capacity to deal with these piles of leaves and this F fabric the day passed and all of a sudden we were like back in the weekly routine.


Oh wow. Okay. So you just really keep kicking it down the road. I could see this. So We just leave it for some reason, and it turns out that the leaves that we collected that were sitting in our living room, they weren't just leaves. They were damp and decomposing and they were filled with lots of tiny, rapidly reproducing maggots. Stop. No. Yeah, I was thinking snails, but maggots. That's a bit worse. Oh. Oh boy. God. Ew. You basically made like a habitat in your living room for maggots. We kind of started to notice little wring things near the edges of the piles and then hours we're like, huh, that's kind of strange.


And just kind of left it. Yeah. Wow. It got worse Rapidly. Reproducing is the worst phrase to hear before maggots. Ew. Yeah. So we had a full blown infestation. They were in the kitchen and the couch, but we had been so in our groove. Sure. And we were never really at home in college. Finally driven by sheer horror. We had to scrape up the glued fabric and the leaves and all of the insects. And by the time we were done, this beautiful hardwood floor was just completely scratched beyond recognition. Yeah. Imagine all that dampness also could have warped everything.


Yes. I mean, you really did everything bad you could do to a hardwood floor, moisture, glue, dirt, maggots. Oh, it was a real fuck you to that floor. Really? It was never the same through the rest of the time I lived there. We would like put a keg on top of that section. Like, well, it's already fucked. It can't get any worse. Was there a penalty at the end of all this? Did anyone get a bill? Oh, I'm sure we did. We lived in this house for four years. Oh, so the number of things that happened in this house, You're not getting your deposit back? No. You know, You kiss that rike goodbye. Ugh. Oh, I just hate a maggot. Could You list Monica? Where is that in? In your top 10 snakes outta your bottom?


Number one Snakes up the bottom. Well slithering out. No, they Go up There. That's the worst. I guess you're right. Yeah. When they slither out, you're kind of relieved. Probably. Yeah. You didn't know they were, but even tickle. Yeah. Who knows. Maggots might even be worse. Really? Yes. There's something about them and you can't get control of them and they're slimy and ugh. I think the grossest part, everyone plug your ears. That's sensitive. But the grossest part is when you step on 'em. Then there's mayonnaise on the ground. Yeah. Oh, why? Yeah. Why? I warned everyone to plug their ears. What more do you want me to Do? You made me listen. Oh, that was help. Help me.


Oh Well Christina, you sound very easygoing, pretty laid back. That liberal arts college was the right choice for you. The Liberal arts education. Yeah. Hellenic studies, baby Hellenic studies, Western civ. This was Before anxiety and adulthood kicked in, so I'm much less laid back now. But at the time it was like anything goes. You would stress out about it at the time. But really to reduce your life to just four term papers every three months. I know. Like that's pretty manageable. Sounds. And then the rest of your time you don't give a flying fuck about anything Kegs and ugh. Yeah. Yeah. Maggots fun. Mayonnaise fuck. Alright, Christina, nice meeting you. Yes, thank you. And I just have to say, I am so grateful that you do exist in this world and I appreciate everything that you do and so grateful that I got the opportunity to talk to you both.


Us too. Thank you. Us Too. I hope I bump into you at a food show. It's possible. I'm going to one with Aaron in March or something. We'll Probably be there. Okay. Come over and lose your shit and join the J two C Club. I Got it outta my system though. That'll be cool. Trial run. Yeah. Alright, bye. Take care. Hello? Hi there. Can you hear me? Oh, Wonderful. Cute cure shirt. I Agree. Welcome to my closet. Thank you. Big fan of the cure. So I had to represent me Too, Robert Smith. Indeed. What Do we know about him? He's such an enigma And that's kind of his draw. There was an interesting thing when they were inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Trent Resner said, Robert Smith has curated this Robert Smith world that we can go and become whenever we want, whenever we feel little left out or alone.


And that's exactly what it represents. Yeah. Oh, I like that. Also. Falling in love. Oh my God. What? Good love. Sick music. What's your favorite name? That tune. Hold on. Huh? Chris pictures Of you. Yeah. Pictures of you. Good job Chris. Everyone did a great job. Yeah. What's your favorite? I'm A really big fan of their new album. Songs of a Lost World. Highly recommend it. It's their first album in I think eight years. He's getting older and some of his loved ones are passed. And you know, he's looking at mortality like we all are. Yeah. He was able to articulate heartbreak. So in your early part of your life that was all romantic love and now people are dying. It's just continued on the heartbreak. Life is hard.


It is. You can tell a cure fan miles away, if not the get up. At least just they have this bonna me about them. Bonna me. Bonna Me. Yes. That's a great word. Yeah. It's an SAT word for sure. Yeah. Where are you at? I am in northern Virginia, just outside of DC But I have to say originally from Michigan. Ann Arbor, the wife is from the thumb proper farm country. So we met in Michigan and that was 20 some odd years ago. This is why he's so interesting and knowledgeable. Monica, and I'm not gonna leave you out. I've been to the Atlanta airport. Oh, I think it's that. I think it might be how cultured the airport Is. Like those Holiday Inn Express commercials. It's very bonna Me. It's like a Did you go to a Hy-Vee league? No, but I flew into Atlanta one time.


Exactly. Okay. You have a DIY story that went awry. I do. So August, 2019, I wanted to put up a camera on our front porch to see the Cummings and goings of Amazon delivered drivers and all that good stuff. And our house has a really beautiful wraparound front porch with 10 foot ceilings and like a ceiling fan. And we have a porch swing and a good place to hang out when it's not Stiflingly hot. But I needed to get power over to where I was putting in the camera and I figured I would just tap right into where the junction box is for the fan. So I took the fan down. One thing to note, at this point, I'm home alone. My wife and younger daughter out running errands. My older daughter is in North Carolina with her friend and their family at home.


It's just me and the dog. So I get my ladder out, take the fan down, put it on the ground. I'm gonna ask a dumb, dumb question, but you obviously already threw the circuit breaker. Of course You're preempting something stupid that I would do, but that's for another time. Okay. Okay. Run the MX over, put the new plugin, put a GFI plugin. 'cause it's outdoors tested it. So now I just needed to put the fan actually back up. So I grabbed the fan and I climb up the ladder. Key mind's a 10 foot ladder. So for some reason I didn't think or want to take the four minutes to remove the fan blades or the under mount light or anything like that. I have the top of the neck of the fan motor in my right hand. And you know the fan blades are all banging around my body and hitting the ladder. And I just need to get the fan motor clipped into the little holder and then I can let go of it.


Then it's kind of in place. But the junction box is a bit more full 'cause it's got a separate piece of romex. It's got some wire nuts, so I can't quite get it into place. So I figure, oh, I'm just gonna use my left hand to help push it in a little. However, at the bottom of the fan, there's light bulbs and a nice glass dome again, which I didn't take off. So I push my left hand on that glass dome, give it a heave, and my left hand smashes through the glass dome with a few light bulbs slicing open my wrist. Oh, oh, I scream out in pane. Oh, I'm lucky I didn't fall off the ladder at this point. I can only kind of remember climbing down the ladder. Thankfully my wife and younger daughter had gotten home not three minutes beforehand.


They were still putting away groceries in the kitchen. So I flung over the door and just yelled Paul 9 1 1. You knew immediately you had cut the artery. Was that obvious? There's Blood everywhere. Gonna save five minutes. Exactly.


We are supported by the limited series zero Day only on Netflix in Netflix's new limited series zero day. The country is devastated by a catastrophic cyber attack that downs America's infrastructure. A respected former president played by acting legend. Robert De Niro is called out of retirement to lead a commission with broad powers to find the perpetrators only to discover he may be losing his grip on truth and possibly reality. This is pretty iconic because it's Robert De Niro's first ever television series and he also is executive producing boss. Move Zero Day has an incredible cast including Angela Bassett, Jesse Plemons, Connie Britton, and Lizzie Kaplan. What a cast. I'm so excited to watch this. I Cannot wait to watch episode after episode with De Niro as the star right from creatives that brought us Homeland Mad Men, the Watcher and Narcos. You've gotta check out the next great TV series. Zero Day. Zero Day is now playing only on Netflix.


We are supported by Drunk Elephant, looking for a holy grail moisturizer that actually delivers. Let me introduce you to Proteiny Polypeptide Cream by Drunk Elephant. The protein powerhouse. Your skin's been craving. You know how your body needs protein to stay strong, right? I'm addicted to protein. It's my religion. Your skin does too. That's where Proteiny comes in packed with nine signal peptides and growth factors. This cream makes your skin visibly firmer. Think of Proteiny in your drunk elephant routine, like adding a shot of protein to your smoothie. And unlike those heavy moisturizers that just sit on top of your skin, this lightweight gel cream sinks right in delivering your daily dose of moisture without any greasy residue. That's my big pet peeve with moisturizers. I don't want to be greasy. You don't want it to be greasy. Yeah, I mean I am. I have loved Drunk Elephant for years and years and years. Yeah. And I'm, I'm happy that you've gotten into it. Yeah, It's great. It goes on So light. Yeah. And sinks right in. Try Drunk Elephant's breakthrough moisturizer today. Discover Proteiny Polypeptide Cream at Ulta Beauty stores and also@ulta.com


We are supported by Prime Video. You know that feeling when you go to log into a streaming service and you forgot your password or when you have to switch from app to app trying to find the movie you wanna watch. Stop wasting time toggling between the apps and start watching the content you want to watch right away. With Prime video. On Prime video, you can add over a hundred subscriptions like Max Apple TV plus and Paramount plus all in one app. That means more time watching and more time relaxing. I've got the perfect example. Arm Cherry favorite Matthew McConaughey is in so many of our favorite titles. You could have a Matthew McConaughey Marathon Day. Start with Drew Detective on Max, then check out the Lincoln lawyer on MGM Plus and top it off with Romcom Classic. How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days on Paramount Plus. That's a good way to spend a day. You can watch all of those titles and more without ever leaving the prime video app. I think I may take a little Nicholas Cage binge on Amazon Prime. Oh my goodness, that sounds nice. No, sign me up. Streamline your streaming today. Check out subscriptions on Prime video.


So I sit down on the front porch steps and with my right hand put pressure on the wrist. My wife comes out with nine one one on the phone. They're telling her to get clean rag or clean shirt or something and just apply pressure. And an ambulance is on its way. I'm bleeding through these rags. Oh, like no one's business. Yeah. God, I'm lightheaded, pale, dizzy. I actually got the nine one one call from the county. Oh wow. My wife hasn't had the heart to listen to it yet. I wasn't really there. I was kind of in another space. So it was kind of fun for me to listen to. And at one point the dispatcher asks her how bad I'm bleeding and she said it's dripping all over the porch. It's in bad shape. Do they suggest a tourniquet at any point?


They didn't. They were just saying direct pressure somehow I didn't pass out. But the paramedics arrive and they quickly see that things aren't great. They're able to stem the bleeding a bit more. They wrap it up with gauze, get me loaded into the ambulance and off we go to the hospital. And it's probably about a 20 minute drive to the hospital. The paramedic calls ahead to the ER just to kind of let 'em know what to expect. I'm still conscious. And then about five minutes before we get to the hospital, both the EMT and I happen to look down and the gauze is now completely red and it's dripping under the floor of the ambulance. Without missing a beat, she puts kind of one thumb on my pressure, point on the bend of my elbow with the other hand. Opens up a cabinet, grabs a tourniquet, rips it open with her teeth, puts it around my arm, cinch it tight.


And that somewhat stopped. At least the dripping. Whew. We get to the er, we get into the triage room and within seconds, 20 medical professionals are there. I'm crying, I'm thinking. Yeah, I'm in a lot better shape now 'cause I'm at least at the hospital. But this is scary stuff. They strap my arm down to a board wrist side up, start spraying it with saline and then the next thing you know, I'm out. That was the last thing that I remember. I woke up hours later in a recovery room, still super groggy. I woke up basically to say hi to my wife and then crashed again. And then the next thing I knew, I woke up at three in the morning and my hospital room and my hand is just bandaged from fingertip to elbow.


But I could see that I had all my extremities, which was Yeah. Oof. You know, pretty, pretty cool. I'm thinking out loud that you were lucky that you probably landed in a hospital with a vascular surgeon. So one of the benefits of living in Northern Virginia is we have an amazing medical system. So it's a level one trauma, which I just learned about on the nurses. Oh Yeah, you do. We're all learning at the same speed. We Learned so much. So they did have all the necessary surgeons there to perform immediate surgery. I was discharged later that afternoon. I was in crazy heavy medicine for several weeks. I had hand physical therapy for months, then some really nasty scars and a little loss of motion in my thumb.


So basically what I did is when I pushed up on the globe, obviously it's shattered, but I was pushing pretty hard and I cut my artery long way. Vertical. That's the worst. Exactly. So I cut my artery, several tendons and nerves. Monica, I actually sent you guys a couple of pictures. Oh Lord. Hopefully Rob has 'em up. That's on the table. Okay, I'm ready for this. Oh my. Also, you were doing this project in flip flops. Yeah. Not on the ladder. On the ladder. Yeah. God. Are we the same person? You can handle this Monica. But my God, for the listening audience, it's a good six inches of gash. It serpentines. Ooh.


Around into the hand down the wrist. Oh, it goes an ew. Oh it's wrong. Ooh, Maggots. Yeah. No one can listen to this episode. A slight bit of humor to the whole situation. I found out later that after I left in the ambulance and before my wife and daughter drove to the hospital, my wife took the garden hose and hosed on the front porch. 'cause there was just blood everywhere. And it's probably best because when she got home from the hospital late that night after seeing made recovery, there was an Amazon package on the front porch. And I could only imagine what the poor Amazon delivery driver would've thought if they saw, would they have taken a picture of it or they would've been like customer not available. It just went on their way.


If I were the Amazon person and I just arrived at a big pool of blood, I would open the box to see if someone had ordered bleach. Oh God. Like if This was a order scene, My God, that was Not complicit in the cleanup effort. That's actually interesting. Do you think delivery people have a obligation to like report like hipaa First reporters, like school teachers? Yeah. We have to call 9 1 1 if we see something really bad. Chris, You're so smart. What line of work are you in? I Know I am a full-time stay at home dad. Okay. Well yeah. You gotta be smart to do that. I left the workforce about a year and a half ago, and I love it Girl Dad, 13 and 15. It's what works for our family. So I couldn't be happier. And I have a endless list of projects and things to do.


Oh God, stay away from the projects. We have some new rules in our house about the projects I'm allowed to do when no one is home. And if I get up on a ladder, I need to let someone else be there. If my wife hadn't arrived home just before it happened, I'm confident in saying that I wouldn't be here today. There's no way that I could have grabbed my phone and called nine one one. I just wasn't in this state. And obviously since there was such significant bleeding, I would've probably passed away. Wrs. Oh, Okay. I wanna tell you a quick story. It's not to equate your injury with any kind of property damage, but I think you'll just get a kick out of it because I bought a car in 2019. The previous version of it had gone up three times.


And I was able to get one. I got it just for an investment. I got the entire car covered in this thin see-through wrap so that it would never get any scratches or anything. And it's just gonna sit in my garage. So I need to get my snowboard bag out of this loft above the car. And it's raining outside, so I don't wanna pull the car out into the rain. 'cause then that's its own thing. And then I determined, you know what, I can just get on the ladder next to the car and I can grab that bag. This is not a huge deal. What I didn't really think about was I had tracked some water in from coming from outside. I set the ladder up. So the ladder's now on some water, which I didn't really notice. And I'm pulling the snowboard bag out from on top of the car and all of a sudden the ladder starts slipping.


And now I have this decision to make, if I fall, it's coming down on top of this car. So I have to, with all my weight, chuck the board from the air. So it'll clear the car. And when I do that, I then fall off of the ladder and I shoot the ladder into the car That I'm trying my hardest to protect. No. And it hits the mirror perfectly where the vinyl wrap has come together at a seam and there's a gap. My first thought when I land on the ground, I was like, oh fuck, I think I broke my rib on my bench. Okay. Oh, my arm hurts. And then I'm like, oh my God, did the ladder hit the side of the car and I'm looking at the side of the car. No, it's fine. It's fine, it's fine. And then all of a sudden I see it and I took a fucking two inch chunk of paint out of the mirror and I'm like, there we go.


I saved myself wiping the car down and now I've gotta go find a painter qualified to not take the value Off this. And you're thinking, damnit, I can get my rib replaced, but aftermarket parts are so hard to find for this car. What am I Gonna do? I destroyed the pristine value of this car. So yeah, I really deeply relate to just trying to save a few minutes and really fucking regretting it. Absolutely. It was a learning opportunity for sure. 'cause I've cut corners in the past and skated through. And this time I cut a corner and it didn't end nicely at all, but at least I'm still here. There's The dude that I've been going to AA with for 22 years and his saying, and I appreciate it every single time is cutting the corners the quickest way to the back of the line.


Something like that. I've heard it a million times. Yeah. Well it's like cut off your noses, spite your face type of thing. Just don't do it. Yeah. You just always end up in the very back of the line. Well, Chris, delightful meeting you. I'm not shocked. You're above average 'cause you're from Michigan. Thank you very much, Paul. This is an absolute pleasure. Thank You too. Take care, Chris. I think it's something like taking a shortcut Is fastest way to the back of the line. Yeah. Something like that. Shortcuts the fastest way to the back of the line. I think That's what it Is. Yeah, that's it. Can you hear me beautifully? I don't wanna give out your full name Tanya, but it's It's criminal. You're not a country western singer. That's the best country star name I've ever heard.


I know, right? The seventies is when my name peaked. If you look at the bell curve for the popularity of your name, there's not very many of us. Who is it Motive? Tanya Tucker. But she wasn't famous in the seventies. Was she? Sure she was. I'm a 75 baby like you. You're About to turn 50 when This summer. Oh, I'm getting scared. It's gonna be great. I just got a rebrand for us. I'm stealing it from bad sisters. I'll acknowledge where I got it. But from now on, I'm not 50. You and I are both mid-century boom. Sounds cooler. Right? Sounds architectural. I'm mid-century. Fuck. I love it. Yeah. Don't you dare. Monica. I'm gonna make shirts that say mid-century. You are? Yes.


I'll buy one If you do. Okay, Great. Yay. Okay. Raw three customers, three customer A. We have a wide net. I'm Kidding. This is great. I'll Wear it. She's really relishing in her age privileges, Isn't she? I have To. What a bitch with her fresh eggs. They're not fresh. They're old and stinky And huge. It happens to all of us. Yeah. Where are you Tanya? I am in Utah in a oral surgery office of the man that this story is about. I'm working for my dad today. Is he a periodontist? He is an oral surgeon. He pulls teeth. Perio, I think is about gums. He still works. He's 84 years old.


Wow. And he works on a semi-retired schedule. He's just finishing up his afternoon nap. Oh, What a stu. This Is Great. Okay. Hit us with your DIY story that went awry. Okay. So this is a landscaping DIY disaster. A few things about my dad that you need to know is that he is a genius, but this is usually what gets him in trouble. He knows how to do things. He knows how to figure them out. If he doesn't, he is big on self-sufficiency. His parents were World War II age. That's another thing about his brilliance is he skipped out on the last year of college when he took his entrance exam into dental school because his scores were so high that they admitted him.


Wow. Immediately. My dad has only ever paid for landscaping once in his life. And that was in the last 10 years. At 85, he still maintains five acres of land. And my mom, who's 80 mows the lawn. He will spend a dollar to save a penny. He's that kind of a person. And the same goes for his time. He will work an idea a hundred times over. He's very persistent. He does not give up. Also, the last thing you need to know about our family is Saturday chore day was an all day thing. If you stayed the night at somebody's house, you had to be back in time for chores. If somebody stayed the night at your house, they either needed to leave or help out. There are eight kids in our family.


This is all screaming Mormon. The industriousness. Oh yes. The eight kids. Yes. Okay. We are Mormon. Okay. Yeah, we're in Utah right now. Yeah. Yeah. But this story does not take place in Utah. I was raised in the Central Valley of California, San Joaquin Valley outside of Fresno. This is 96 maybe. I'm home from college. My dad had a job for us to do for the summer. It included my older brother who was in college, myself and my younger sister who was in college. So this is probably May. And we had a newish house. We had built a pool the summer before, and now my dad is trying to landscape the backyard. In digging our pool, we found out that there is about 12 to 18 inches of what's called hard pan.


It's thick concrete like soil. You can't penetrate it. You can use a pickax all you want. You're never gonna get to the bottom of it. But there is an orange grove in the back of our property. So how the heck did they get their trees planted? He finds out that you can get an ag permit for dynamite. Oh. Oh Boy. Oh wow. Now we're talking In the two acres that we have. He would need to plant 60 trees. So he figures out the recipe. He researches how to do it. He knows where to get all the stuff. It's getting close to blasting day. We had to write an auger Sherry, you gotta drill a hole and dump the dynamite in there. We had to put like 30 inches down into the ground.


That took three days to do all 60 holes. Wow. And it's blasting day. My dad took off work. He never takes off work. The only reason I know he took off work is that my two younger siblings were at school and my youngest sister was home with the chicken px. We start in the far, far back part of our property, two acres. So pretty far. We put one scoop in. One scoop was about the size of a paint can a small quar. My brother lights it, we all run. And there is a kaboom, like a howitzer cannon. Kaboom. So it was a little bit anti-climactic and no earth moved at all. Okay. Okay. It just Shot straight out of it like a cannon. So Dad, being a Mr.


Scientist, he treated it like a science experiment. We changed one thing, we adjust. So some of the things we tried was stuffing it with a blanket to make it push out like a firecracker. We tried chicken wire in a blanket. We tried a big, huge boulder. Things weren't working. So now we're increasing the number of scoops. Oh my. We go to two, we finally get up to three. Oh, great. This is like when you take too many drugs. 'cause the drugs haven't hit you. Yes, yes. And you're impatient. We're up to three scoops in the hole. My mom calls my brother and my sister and I that were home from college, we had to leave for an eye doctor appointment. We take off. Oh. At the last second, she makes my little sister with the chicken pox come with us.


She didn't wanna leave. Dad experimenting with dynamite with a sick little girl inside. So he's doing it all by himself. We come home country roads. Everybody has a couple acres and we're at our neighbor's house and there are dirt clots everywhere. Oh. And the closer we get to our house, there's not more. And my heart starts beating. We're getting scared. The closer we get to the driveway into the house, it's so much that my brother just undoes the van door. Huge Mormon van door by the way. And we bolt out of there and we just head towards the back of the property. And we're looking for body parts, honestly.


Like where is dad? Oh no.


We are supported by Quince. Quince is one of our favorite apparel brands with luxury fabrics and finishes at affordable prices. Everyone I know is obsessed with Quince. Quince is amazing. I was gifted an incredible blanket from Quince, from Elizabeth and Andy. Oh wow. And it's so warm and soft and fuzzy and cute. Yeah. All their fabrics are so nice. You get the best of both worlds killer style at prices that don't break the bank. Quince has some great wardrobe staples, all at prices that are way less than similar brands. We're talking 50 to 80% less. This is a gift givers like Paradise. Paradise, correct. Well, that's because Quince partners directly with top factories. So they cut out the cost of the middleman and they also make sure the factories they partner with use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices so you can feel good about your purchase, indulge in affordable luxury. Go to Quince dot com slash dx for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's QUIN ce.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, to check your sunroof first before driving through the car wash. Like you know to put the leash on your dog first before you open the door to go for a walk. Not that I've ever made that mistake and had my dog run outside without me, or scream his name repeatedly over and over and over again until I found him. Or you know, to check that the guy who asked you out is an arm cherry first before you agree to go on a date with him. Sage advice. Essential Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is intended for audiences in the US only savings vary terms. Apply Allstate F, fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


So the hole back there is massive new Swimming pool. Exactly. New spa Dax. You could lay in the bottom of it with your arms outstretched and just be fine. Wow. Wow. Foxhole. Oh. Oh my God. Then we hear some laughter coming from the inside of the house and my other sisters were in there with my mom and we go inside. My brother and I run over there. My dad is laying on the bed of his bedroom. There's a tarp on the floor. Oh, there's a ladder set up. There's a bucket of tools and a 12 inch hole in the ceiling. What? With a rock. Oh, That shot up and came down. Yep. Oh, now he's repairing the brew.


It came through the house. It blew up in the air and then came God. Oh my lucky. He didn't come down on him. It took about two weeks for him to finally tell the story. He was telling some tall tales all along the way. He was saying things like, oh, AI must have come and tried to get me and the laser beam shot through the roof, or I was kicking and screaming when the aliens were trying to get me. And I kicked a hole in the roof. He is a little rascal. He has a lot of different tall tales he tells, and aliens is a favorite of his A GoTo. About two weeks later at family dinner. Family dinner, he finally fessed up to the whole story with the three scoops in the hole. The boulder nearby.


He had remembered there are these things called boosters or blasting caps that fit over the detonator and it gives you maximum explosion with minimal amount of dynamite. This is Nobel, the Nobel Peace Prize. He invented that blasting cap. So much of the earth was destroyed by his invention. He felt like he should take the money and give back. And that's what the Nobel Peace Prize is from. Oh wow. He gets those from the safe. He kept them separate. He lights it, runs back about a hundred feet. And this time it was ka boom, the sound waves knocked him flat on his back and he is being pelted by by all of these little dirt CLOs all around him.


And he comes to, and he sees the rock up in the sky and the rock is pretty big. Maybe 24 inches splits in two. One lands in the orange grove behind our house, and the other just gets swallowed up into the house. Oh wow. Oh my God. Talk about saving a little money on a professional and then now you gotta replace part of the roof. Yeah. He never had anybody fix it. He tried to fix it himself that afternoon before we got home. But it was time for a nap just like he loves. And he does his best thinking in nap time. Sure. How did the remaining 59 holes get blasted? So we did finish up. We ended up only needing a third of a scoop through trial and error.


I am shocked that we didn't blow all the windows out of our house from that first one because the rattle was so big. My brother heard it about a mile away after school and he was just like, what is going on? Our neighbors called the cops on us, but he had a permit. He showed that cop exactly what he had carry on, sir. Wow. Mind your own business. It looks like you've got it. We've got things under control here. And I think it was kind of exciting too. She was mad because her horses were losing their mind. Probably pretty frightening. We did get a twofer in that whole thing. 'cause that big old pit turned into a fire pit. Oh, Okay. All of our friends started calling him Dr. Boom. Boom.


That's so funny. Well, that's great. That's a great story. Yeah. I'm glad everyone was away from the house. Let me see if he's around. If you would like to meet this mad scientist. Yeah. Yeah. Let's see if he's awake. Gimme One second. Dad, you gotta come right now. Dick, get in here. Here he is. Yes. Hello. Hi. You left out that he's very handsome too. Oh, Yes, he is. I want to thank you for blowing up your entire yard and sending a rock into your roof. 'cause it made for a great story for us. When I told him we were gonna do this, he said, I'll ask him if he wants to go for round two. Do you have any holes that need to be dug? Once I get to Nashville?


Yeah, I might call on your services once a power maniac. Always a apart maniac. Great meeting both of you. You Tanya. Thank you for telling us that story. That was great. No problem. Glad to share it. All right. Bye. Take care you guys. Oh, fathers are funny. We're all kind of the same. You are all the same. And you're always trying to play with your trinkets and put trinkets up. You call 'em tools, but really they're trinkets. Sure. That whole story is appealing. I would love to get the permit and I'd love to have an excuse to use dynamite. I've always wanted to Rob, have you wanted to be able to blast dynamite? Absolutely. I mean, I've shot firecrackers a lot.


Yeah. M eighties and quarter sticks. You're always looking for a quarter stick in Michigan. Quarter stick. What's a quarter stick? Quarter stick of dynamite. Hi, Are you Chris? Yes. Yes. Oh, Wonderful. It's short for Christine or Christina. Yes. Because we had another Chris today and I said, wow. Double Chris is one Of my best friend's. Name is Chris Short for Christina. An Atlanta Firm. Oh, with a K. But you're with a CCH. Yeah. So where in Canada are you? BC Outside of Vancouver. Okay. So you have a DIY story that went bad. Technically, my husband was supposed to be telling the story. He was the one who experienced it. I will admit I was the catalyst.


Okay. We've been down this road already. Yeah, sure. Yeah. I am just the designer and he is the planner. Which after you hear the story, that is now shifted. I am now both. Okay. Okay. We moved into our house in 2019 and we're in a town house row. So we're like the first six and then the entire complex is behind us. I'm a cleaner. I hate baseboards. The old schooled ones with the grooves. I don't wanna get in there. I wanted a more modern block. Make it nice and simple for me. So we removed all the old crappy baseboards. It's a bit of an investment to obviously put back into your home. So we started off very small.


I'm like, let's just do the bathrooms and then we will eventually get to the rest of it. So I tasked my husband with the downstairs bathroom as I'm away at work and this bathroom shares a wall with our hot water tank. Mm. Okay. So my husband starts nailing the baseboard to the bottom. Prior to this, he does turn off the water. That's by the toilet tanks. He's making his way around and now he gets to the wall that shared the closet. Hot water tank pierces the wall. He's using a nail gun. Yeah. Water starts to come out of the wall, like pressurized water.


He's immediately feet up. It's quite a small space that he could at least put some pressure on it. He's like, I turned off the water. I don't get why this is happening. He's calls me while I'm at work and he's like, you need to come home. Something's gone wrong. And I'm like, you dropped me off at work this morning. We have one vehicle. I'm sorry. You're on your own. Also, we don't have time with water gushing everywhere. For anyone to come home from work, we've gotta turn off the main water here. Exactly. So thankfully our neighbor, he has the key to our six row utility closet, goes to turn off the water and he's like, why isn't the water stopping?


We get a plumber out and they come to turn off the main water to our six houses that we can't get to. Is water still Gushing Out? It stopped at this point. My guess is it ran for a while after. 'cause he punctured the hot water heater, which holds like a hundred gallons of water. Right. So it was gonna leak long after the water supply was turned off. It wasn't our water tank that he hit. So the water's just off for the night. It's 5:00 PM at this point. Our six houses, nobody has water. Oh, I'd Be so pissed. I would too. My neighbor, I'm like, Hey, you're not qualified to do this now. None of us have water. Yeah, yeah. Husband comes to pick me up from work. I'm like, we need to give them a jug of water and a little like gift card.


We've literally just met these people. Yeah, yeah. Not a great Look. We've got somebody coming in the next day. Plumber comes, fixes it. They go to turn the main water back on and it's still pressurized. He goes, we have to turn off the main water again. And we're like, okay, great. He goes to turn it off and he breaks the valve. Oh wow. Okay. So now we have to call the city to get them to turn off the water to all 65 homes. No behind. Oh no. Just keeps growing in. The whole town doesn't have water. Exactly.


Usually 24 72 hours in advance gives you notice that they're turning off water. It was immediate because Trav is trying to figure this out with the plumber who just broke the valve. He didn't contact Strata for like three hours after this happened. So they're getting phone calls, emails, what the heck's happening? Why is our water turned off? What we thought was gonna be, I think maybe 12 hours without water was close to like 20 hours without water. So then the city comes out the next day, they fix it. So we're like, whew. Great. Everybody gets their water back on. Then we get another plumber to come back in. He actually tells us that the way our house was originally built, they did not put that main waterline buried far enough down in the ground.


So If you would've punctured our waterline, we would've been able to turn it off. Fix it. He would've been able to put it on no problem. But because it wasn't buried enough in the cement, he hit the whole The water main. Exactly. And so we still do not have baseboard to this day. We've been in this house for five years. 'cause I'm just traumatized. I don't wanna puncture anything. How fucked up was the ground underneath? Oh, we had to like jackhammer, pull it out, dry it out. It was like two days of that plumber coming in and out of our house. What a disaster. Just for some baseboards. I mean, the theme of all these is like we're all trying to save a few bucks and it ends up costing way more than having someone else come in and just do it.


I don't mean to pat myself on the back, but I don't suffer from this. Yeah, you really shine. I am very fast to just ask someone to please come take care of. In fact, everything. Bless my husband. I feel like he wants to be handy. He's techie. That's his domain. I'm like, you stay there. You gotta know your lane in this light. A man's got to know his limitations. Oh, woman C Clint Eastwood too. Everyone. Oh, he said that. Yeah. Yeah. Know your lane. More men need to really, I think they're taking bigger swings. Yeah, I guess so. Let me just listen to some of the previous callers. It's True. I am just so, so excited to hear some of these Other ones.


Oh Wow. Well dynamite makes an appearance. It does. You should know that someone decided they were qualified to use Dynamite because they were able to get a permit for it. That is wild. But yeah, that is our first experience in our home. So, sorry. I feel like we were laughing about it in the moment because how do you not, I just couldn't believe that it literally went from a tiny hole to like, now we have to call the city. Well I think the silver lining is that this all took place in Canada. 'cause If you had 60 American neighbors without water, I think someone would've come to your house to fight. Thank you. Well, Chris, lovely meeting you. We love our Canadian neighbors so much and our Canadian arm cherries. I have to give a shout out to my bestie Cora, who also listens and my sisters, they all love you, Dax.


I do have to give a special my one sister. She's just like, please tell him I love him. What's her name? Amanda. Amanda, I love you back. She will love that. You guys are such a great example of what a friendship is. You guys just hold space for each other even when you don't agree. Thank you for demonstrating that. Aw, thank You. That's Very kind, Monica. Your eye rolls. Can't help it. I've also Have been told that mine are pretty epic. So I'm always just like, yeah, girl. Like you get it. Thank you so much. It was great meeting you. Thank You. It was great meeting you guys all. Bye. Take care. I'm gonna gonna do these things. I didn't learn a lesson. I just want you to know I, I'll still be trying to, I'm not shy.


Do all my own home improvement. I'm not DIY. That was a good one. Yeah. All right. Love you. Love you. Do you wanna sing a tune or something? Have a theme song. Oh, okay, great. We don't have song for this new show. So here I go, go, go. We're gonna ask some random questions with the help of Arm. We'll get some suggestions on the fly INE Dish on the fly INE dish. Enjoy.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey


At 24, I lost my narrative, or rather it was stolen from me and the Monica Lewinsky that my friends and family knew was usurped by false narratives, callous jokes and politics. I would define reclaiming as to take back what was yours. Something you possess is lost or stolen, and ultimately you triumph in finding it again. So I think listeners can expect me to be chatting with folks both recognizable and unrecognizable names about the way that people have navigated roads to triumph. My hope is that people will finish an episode of reclaiming and feel like they filled their tank up, they connected with the people that I'm talking to, and leave with maybe some nuggets that help them feel a little more hopeful. Follow reclaiming with Monica Lewinsky on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to reclaiming early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts.