
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple. Podcasts Or. you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome. welcome Welcome to Armchair Anonymous. I'm Dak Shepparton. I'm m joined by Monica. Padman. Hi. Hi. This is crazy Hotel Stories. Mm. And. we love a hotel. Boy. Oh boy. Did we get a fucking doozy by a proprietor of a motel? Yeah. Or not a motel hotel. Yeah. Whew. But sometimes motel shit goes down at hotels. Just 'cause you're in a hotel and you can't park your car in front of the door. Doesn't mean some motel shit's not gonna go down.


That's right. Yeah. And, we hear all about it. What a story. Yeah. You loved it. I Loved It. There's one line that really got You. Yeah. There's some word choice. Yeah. That I applaud. Yeah. Please enjoy crazy hotel stories.


We are supported by Echo Kids. Echo. Kids is a cute, smart speaker for Alexa made just for kids. Echo Kids automatically filters explicit songs so kids are always ready for dance parties and singing. And parents can rest easy knowing everything is kid friendly. By using voice commands, children can interact with the devices without a parent's help fostering a sense of responsibility and independence. Alexa can help kids develop by establishing healthy morning and bedtime routines complete with reminders for tasks like brushing teeth, packing school bags, or going to bed on time. I need those asap. Catless Is his Echo dot before bed every night. Does he puts on He does. He'll ask to play fleet foxes or local natives. Oh, cute. And just listen to music all night. We have one of these in our house and my family loves it. We've got the super cute little owl design. It's so sweet. Plus purchase of the device comes with one year of Amazon kids, plus a digital subscription designed for kids age three to 12. To safely learn and explore endless fun for kids. Peace of mind for parents. Shop the device now at amazon.com/ Echo. Kids.


We are supported by Audible. We know you love audio content. Thanks for listening to the show. But if your ears are craving more audio, Audible is the place to go. I probably in true spend more time on Audible than any other place. Any other app. Yeah. I'm listening every night for an hour before bed. There's more to imagine when you listen. Whether you're searching for the latest bestsellers and new releases, or you want to catch up on a classic title, you can find it all in the Audible app. And as an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. What Are you listening to now? Well, I'm just finishing the world's I see by Fe Fe Lee. It's so good in moving and I love it so much. I'm, I'm sad it's ending. Now listen, new members can try Audible for free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash dax. Or text Dax to 500. 500.


You know, Crazy hotel. Ooh, these should be good. Yeah. Hotel. A lot of stuff happens at hotels. Oh My God. Too much stuff. Oh, Very sexy place. Also, 'cause hotels run the gambit so much. It could be a Motel six, it could be Colonial Motor Inn, Four Cs. They found pornos. Sometimes in hotel rooms. There's murders. My grandma found so many dead bodies. Oh yeah. People go to motels that kill themselves. Do you know that? Oh yeah. Because they don't want to leave a mess in their own house. So Interesting. What happens psychologically? I just picture my little grandma finding dead bodies all the time. God.


Hello? Can you hear us? Yeah, can you hear me? Oh beautifully. Is this Mike? It Is. Wonderful. Where are you Mike? I'm in Covington, Georgia. Just Right around the corner from my family. Oh yeah. Another Georgia boy. Love it. Covington. That was the name of my favorite underpants. My boxer shorts I wore forever. I wonder if they were manufactured there. Is there any underwear manufacturing happening in Covington? Not That I know of. Okay. We've got General Mills. We make cereal here. Yeah. Oh, the Battle Creek of the south South. Yeah. It's also fun fact, the last name of the professor I was in love with. Yes, it was. So it means A lot to me. Covington. Okay. So Mike, you have a crazy hotel story.


Yeah, it's pretty crazy. So we'd like to go to concerts. Me and my wife, we went to Macon, which is about an hour from here. We decided to get a hotel room that way we didn't have to drive home after the show. And actually my sister-in-Law, she wanted to get the point. So she booked to the hotel for us under her name. So we stayed, went to the show, had a good night. We actually asked for a late checkout 'cause we had a wedding to go to the next day. And it was in the opposite direction from our house. So we didn't wanna drive back home then drive all the way to the wedding. So we stayed. My wife was getting ready about 12 o'clock. And don don't know about Kristen, but when you're getting ready, I'm basically watching TV walking around. Yeah. Keeping myself occupied. I go into the bathroom to talk to my wife while she's taking a shower.


And behind the toilet there's a picture. And. It's crooked. So all I did, went and put a finger on one side, barely touched it. And the picture came down hard. And it cut the water supply line going into the toilet. Oh Fuck. Oh my gosh. So I'm like, oh shit. And my wife was like, what did you do? I said, I just straightened the picture. But water was coming in. it was like our extinguisher. Oh, Water coming. It wasn't like trickle of water. I'm like, what do I do? She goes, don don't know. Call the desk. I was like, alright. So I called the desk and the lady answers. She goes, well just turn it off. And I was like, I can't turn it off. Yes sir. Just turn. Turn the knob. I'm like, you don't understand, I can't just turn the knob. She's like, okay, well we'll send somebody up. Well, can I ask really quick, why couldn't you turn the knob?


Was there not a knob, A shutoff knob? There Was, but where it fell, it was like a PVC pipe coming in. It cut the PVC pipe. Oh, it's in the middle. Oh, before the Valve, before the turn off knob. Yeah. But they didn't understand. They thought I was just an idiot. Yeah, yeah. So water's just coming out like a fire extinguisher. My wife had to jump out of the shower real quick, put clothes on while she's still wet. 'cause there's a maintenance man coming up. We get all our stuff, put it onto the bed. We're sitting on the bed because there's water coming into the room. Oh Boy. The maintenance man comes in and he looks over and he goes, why didn't you just turn it off? I'm like, I've told y'all I can't turn it off. And he leans down to turn it off. He goes, oh, you can't turn it off. I was like, no.


He's like, I know what to do. So he calls the manager now, given it took him about 10 minutes to get up there. So this water's going nonstop. So now he's on the phone trying to get the manager up there. Water's still going. Oh Mike, are you on the first or second floor? I think we were on the third. Oh Jesus. Multiple floors are in danger now. Yeah. He's on the phone and he's walking back and forth past our room and he is glaring at us the whole time. And I'm like, all I did was straighten a picture. My wife is like, they're gonna make us pay for this. And I'm like, I hope not. So then the manager finally comes up probably about 15, 20 minutes later and she's like, well we gotta turn off the water to the building. Duh. The maintenance man goes, I don't know how to do that. Oh boy. He goes, do you? She was like, no, I guess we're gonna have to call somebody. So that's another 20, 30 minutes.


The water just constantly running. Oh my God. The water was in the hallway going into the other rooms. Ooh. And they walked across the hallway, knocked on the door. And this guy, he was in his boxers and he had a T-shirt on and he had a newspaper and he had his reading glasses on and he just nonchalantly opened the door and they were like, sir, are you okay? And he was like, yeah, I'm fine. And they were like, this floor's being flooded. He goes, yeah, I noticed there was water coming through the door. I just put a towel down. And they were like, do you want us to relocate you? He goes, I gotta leave here in just a minute anyway. I'll be good. He wasn't panicking about it. Me and my wife are freaking out 'cause we're like, they're gonna charge us for this and this is gonna cost a lot of money to fix. Thank God. it was under my sister-in-law's name.


And they asked, they said, do you wanna relocate? And I'm like, well you're shutting off the water. Right. And they're like, And, we still gotta get ready. So we abandoned the wedding. We went back home and we're just like, you know what, let's get outta here. They don't have our name. They can't charge us. So we left. Never heard anything back about it. My sister-in-law never heard anything back about it. But that was the time we flooded an entire floor of a hotel room. Oh No. Just by fixing a picture. Oh wow. And That. That's rough. So the glass cut right through the PVC? Or maybe the impact just broke It. I think the impact broke it. 'cause glass didn't break. Thank god that would've been even worse. you know the picture was so heavy it just broke that PVC pipe right in half. I don't know why they have PVC pipe coming in from the toilet.


Usually it's a metal Also. What a curious place to hang a very heavy pitcher. That's dangerous in general. It could fall in someone's head. Yeah. While they're making a duty. Needless to say, I'm not allowed to straighten pictures anymore. Yeah, just leave them as is. I have a dumb question, but was the wedding in Lake Lanier? Were you supposed to go a little further north? I would have to ask my wife. it was my wife's friend. it was on the other side of Griffin. I know that I was just going where she wanted me to go. Right. Oh well Mike, I'm glad no one saw a bill for that. Of course they should just report that to their insurance. Yes. That shouldn't be anyone's issue. Yes. Right. And we weren't sure, but we just wanted to make sure we didn't have to pay it. 'cause I'm sure it was several thousand dollars of damage.


My brother did the same thing in England two months ago. I got 'em a room at a nice hotel in London and he started texting me panicked. He had left the tub running. Oh shit. Yeah. And he flooded the hotel room. it was a super expensive place. Oh No. He panicked that we're gonna get a bill for this whole thing. Well And that does sound like his own negligence. Well I, yeah, there's supposed to be an overflow even if it's plugged. But don don't know. Something happened. Woooh, I'll get a divorce if I don't let my wife come in and meet you guys. Of course. Send her in. What's her name? Liza. Here she is. Hi Liza. It's a pleasure to meet you both. Oh, You too. What's the deepest the water got?


Was it ankle deep? Yeah. Ooh. it was a rough one. And Where was the wedding supposed to be that you were gonna attend? I honestly don't remember. it was such a crazy day. Means a lot to Dax to figure this out. Was It Soia? No, it was outside of Griffin. Okay. Somewhere Outside of Griffin. Yeah. I don't know why it's important to me. I'm just trying to think of what was on the other side of Macon from Covington. He really likes to have the lay of the land of these stories. Yeah. Feel a lot safer if I know the geography of all this. Well I apologize, this was probably six years ago, so I was just so glad we didn't have to pay for it. Oh Yeah. And when you guys pulled out of the parking lot, you must have felt like people that just set a building on fire like go, go, go, Go. We didn't look at anybody as we walked out the building.


You know what you could have done is if they tried to get you to pay, you could have sued them and said that you don't know how to swim And. that you almost drowned. Oh, okay. Yeah, I could have. That's A great idea. We actually did end up going swimming that day. That's what we did. We came home and went swimming. Yeah. And then the lawyers would've ho footage of them swimming and said this claim is bullshit. Well it's lovely meeting both of you. Yeah. Nice To meet y'all. Nice to meet y'all. Thank y'all so much. We Like our Georgians. Yeah, we sure do. Neighbors. Well we love y'all. Oh, Thank. You. You. All right, take care. All right, you too. Bye. I always have a fantasy that one of my friend's parents is gonna call. That makes sense. I want them to do that. Don don't have that fantasy. I wonder why.


We don't have any friends' parents. My mom has a lot of friends. Not my parents' friends. Ah, my friend's parents. Yeah. I don't have that fantasy either. Okay. Just wanted, because this happened before we were recording, I wanted to tell a hotel story of my own. I have so many because we lived in hotels from 14 to 28. Aaron and I doing car shows. And, we have a lot of bad hotel stories. We have flooded a room or two. We've had some mix ups. But what I wanted to tell people is that my sweet grandma, grandma Midge, my grandparents owned a little roadside motel called the Colonial Motor Inn in Sturgis, Michigan. And it was off of a turnpike.


So you get a lot of truckers and whatnot coming through. But my grandmother on numerous occasions found corpses. She'd get a call from the house cleaning staff. It happened again. Midge and Midge would get in the case. My grandpa didn't handle it. My grandma Midge didn't. She was hands-on. Yeah. For some reason she didn't scare away. And as it was later Explaining, do you think she ever was involved in any of the murders? Nope. None of them were murders. Oh, okay. They're all victims of suicide. And then it was explained to me by my grandmother, people go to motels 'cause they don't wanna ruin their own house. Ugh. It's really sad. It's really, really sad. But my poor little grandma, she was like five foot one. Belgium tough as nails.


She's Not poor 'cause she's five one. She's feisty 'cause she's five one. Yeah. Oh my God. Maybe that's why you like young. You young grandma. Because of my grandma. I like young women. Yeah, No, you like small women? Well my grandma, my mom, my mom's a mini. How Tall is your mom? My mom's like 5 3, 5 4. And then Kristen or five mom. Carrie. Yeah. You've been vocal about liking that now? I think it's all about your grandma. Mini mighty. Anyways, I just thought that was interesting. I think it's so sad. I mean Its It's macabre. Yeah. It's pretty sad. Morbid. But it's interesting. I wouldn't have thought about that if I didn't have a family member who found corpses in their motel.


Sure. I spent a lot of time in hotels in high school For Cheer. No, because we would go there to drink. Oh sure. I did a good deal of that too. And, we would Just tell our parents it was 'cause we wanted to hang out but we didn't wanna like keep our parents up. They would allow you guys to go to a hotel. Yeah. They didn't think we were drink. Well don don't know what they were just turning a blind eye to and what they knew and didn't know. Were You allowed to spend the night there? Yeah, we spent the night there. You guys would go to a hotel for the night. This was generally kept as a secret in my town. People always lied. you know I'm at Jennifer's house, I Know that's doing irresponsible things quite responsibly. It's like they do know where we are. What was your main honk?


God, that's a good question, don. Don't know. I have to ask. Cheap as possible. I'd imagine, right? Cheapest possible But not, we still had some standards but it was like 10 of us in one room all drinking and everyone was throwing. Not me. Levi would throw up in the tub. Would the manager come to tell you to keep it down? It never happened. Wow. That's so fun. I know. So you probably have a really good memory of these portable hotels. Would there ever be a pool? I'm sure at one point there was probably a pool Skinny, but you don't remember everyone hopping in skinny? I don't Remember. You were drunk? Yeah. Okay. Blacked out. Alright, let's talk to Bailey in Birmingham. Alabama. Another Alabama. No, I just made up their location because, oh thank God. Her name or his name was Bailey.


Hi. Hello. How are you guys? Hi Bailey, how are you? I'm learning how to use a Mac computer for the first time. Oh my God, that's a huge deal. Thank, You, pc, girly. You sound phenomenal. So it's working brilliantly. Good. Good, good. You look familiar. Bailey, do I? You do. Do you know us? Probably. Probably. Where are you Bailey? I am in Minnesota. Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful. And you have a crazy hotel story. I do. I'll first tell you a story about my submission. Okay, great. So I submitted And, then I was having intrusive thoughts that I spelled my email wrong. My brain kept telling me, Bailey, you spelled your name wrong.


You spelled your name wrong. You forgot to do@gmail.com. And so I resubmitted and I said I am so sorry I'm submitting twice. But I was having intrusive thoughts and I just needed to submit again and make sure I spelled my email correctly. Yeah. And did Emma say you got it right the first time? Or thank God you corrected this. Nobody Said so maybe the intrusive thoughts were correct. She Got her email right Both times. Oh Rob just looked it up. He did the research and you got it right both times. Hey, The intrusive thoughts didn't win. That's good. We don't like it when they win. It's like when you have to go check your stove or something And if it's ever actually on, that'll fuel you for another 10 years. That's Right.


You guys Get it. Even when it's not on, it doesn't help. You don't even take on that info. Like, you know what, it's never on. You don't do that. That's the nature of It. I kind of do. I'm like, that was so silly. But I still keep Checking. That's right. My point. Yeah. Okay. So hit us with your hotel story. I will take you guys back to 2012. I was 21 or so and naturally was going to a family wedding. And you know I'm a cheap college kid at the time, so I'm not gonna spend that $62 on a hotel by myself. And mom and dad aren't gonna spring for it. Or they will if you sleep in their room. If I sleep in the room with 'em, they're gonna pay for it. So my sister and I decide, hey let's stay with mom and dad.


Two queen beds, this would be perfect. So we get to the wedding. Mom and dad have two DDS for the night. That's you and your sister. Absolutely. Well you're 21. You're not gonna drink at this wedding. I don't know if I did. How old was your sister? Younger or older? She Would've been 19. She honestly probably was drinking. I was probably the Designator. Okay, interesting. This is the Minnesota way. Mom and dad, they let loose. Why not? Good for Them. We go to the wedding, all is fine. Went back to the hotel that night. Go to bed. We're a farm family so we all knew we were gonna have to wake up probably like 6:00 AM to head home. We had an hour and a half drive back home to get chores done.


Hold on a second. That's farm life no matter what, if there was a wedding, we don't ever get to sleep in. No cattle still have to be fed. Gotta feed America. Yes You do. That's Really True. We Thank You for your service. So the morning came and it was 6:00 AM bright and early and I think my parents were probably milking a hangover a little bit. So they wake up a little disoriented, kinda like, Hey girls, can you guys go get us some coffee? And we're like, yeah, we'll go get you guys some coffee. Let me set the scene a little bit about where our room is. So our hotel room is on the first floor. I wish I was in the room with you guys because I would physically walk how far the coffee machine was from our room.


Just imagine about 12 feet. So the continental breakfast has the nice little spouts. I don't know, I'm not, not a coffee drink drinker, but we each grab two cups because they are dying of thirst As we walk out. I flip that latch that keeps the hotel door open. So I didn't let the hotel door lock and I didn't bring a key. We are holding the cuffs of coffee. My sister's behind me. I walk in first as we walk in, we see my mother bent over the bed with her pajama shorts down around her ankles and my dad just doing it from behind. Wow. Just Plowing her from Behind.


Okay. Absolutely. Yeah. They're like ornery and hungover and grumpy and horny. Oh, I I know that feeling pretty well.


We are supported by Quince. It's been a busy season of events in travel. We were just in New York filming a bunch of press for the show and you know, we wanted to make sure our clothes were looking good. Always, always. And that's why I'm thrilled we're partnering with Quince. Quince has all the seasonal must haves like cashmere sweaters. I love ding ding ding. European linen shirts. All priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands. And. That's because they partner directly with top factories. So they cut out the cost of the middlemen and pass on the savings to us. Also falls a good time to replen your wardrobe. You're moving into a new season. Yeah, I've got a very sexy cashmere sweater from them. Yeah. That I love. And it's just coming up on sweater weather. Get Those sweaters. Another cool thing about Quince, they only partner with factories that use save ethical and responsible manufacturing practices, which is pretty great. Upgrade your wardrobe with pieces made to last with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


We are supported by skims. I love skims. There's no finer, softer fabric in the world than the skim stuff. You guys have heard us talk about how how much we love skims. Monica, what is it that you love the most? I really am obsessed with skims all their clothing, but especially their bras. Mm. It's really, really hard to find a good underwire bra. 'cause normally you wanna just like rip that, right? Like it cuts into your skin. Yeah. I always hear people complain it's itchy and you wanna rip it Off. Exactly. Yeah. But Skims has incredible bras. Pretty much wearing one every day. Specifically the fits everybody. T-shirt. Bra is my absolute favorite. So if you are in need for a new bra, go for the fits everybody. T-shirt, bra Shop skims brass@skims.com. Now available in 62 sizes, 38 to 46 H. If you haven't yet, be sure to let them know we sent you after you place your order select podcast in the survey and select our show in the dropdown menu that follows. That helps us enormously.


We are supported by BetterHelp. Spooky season has officially begun And. we love it. It's Happening already. Planning the hayride. You are adding a hamburger truck to the mix this year. Oh my gosh. Exciting. Gotta every year get bigger and better. Oh, I really gotta plan my costume. Get on it. Okay. Halloween lets us have fun with what scares us. But what about those fears that don't involve zombies? And ghosts therapy is a great tool for facing your fears and finding ways to overcome them. Because sometimes the scariest thing is not facing our fears in the first place and holding ourselves back. I had therapy last week and she's just so good. She really put something into perspective in a way that I was really unable. I would've never been able to see it. That you wouldn't come do it on my own. On my own. No, never. If you're thinking of starting therapy, try BetterHelp. It's all online. So you can have a therapy session from the comfort of your home at a time that's convenient for you. It's quick and easy to get started. And if your therapist isn't the right match for you, you can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Overcome your fears with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/dax.


So I'm telling myself that they were definitely still drunk. So I'm holding the cups of coffee. Oh My God. hold on. There's a lot here because you know, you guys left and your dad's like, oh I gotta get in there, right? Or something or, or Mom was like, ah, you gotta get it in there. One of 'em was like, you gotta get in there. But both of them were so optimistic of how quick they, the tiny Yeah. That they were gonna be able to get this done with and be back in bed acting asleep within a minute or two. Okay. Now mind you, this could have all been prevented if I would've just let that hotel door lock. But here we are. I yell what the fuck?


I'm just thankful I did not drop the cups of coffee. I set them on the table and at that point my mom rips her jamma shorts up. Oh no. And she says, Bradley, I knew we wouldn't have enough time. Oh, I, I knew it. I knew it. You didn't know it. Yeah, we tried to be fair but we were also being unrealistic. Oh, Why did he? Oh, I knew we wanted, I knew we didn't have times. And I told you so immediately. Exactly. Now I got, hold on a second, I'm gotta drill a little deeper again right here. Which is, if I am in that situation of my children walk in, I don't want mom to separate and pull her daries up.


It's probably best for everyone if we just freeze and everyone gets out of the room. Because if mom disengages now dad's erections on the scene. Oh right. Much better off keeping it. Okay. This is coming. Yeah. So at that point my mom yells Bradley, we did not have enough time for that. At that same point, my dad grabs the sheet off of the bed and he does like this whips to the other side of the bed. And my dad's a short stocky dad bod Guy has this now toga sheet wrapped around him. Looks like a little Greek god of some sort.


Sure. As he stands up and I'm like, what is happening here? So I go sit on the corner of the bed. Oh God, you No. Not their bed. Right. But You did decide to stay. Sounds like she was. Were you a few seconds shell shocked. Maybe I was shell shocked. Exactly. I Bet the thought crosses your mind like, oh are we gonna act like no one saw this so I gotta play my part. Except she already said what the fuck. And then there was already that we didn't have time. Mom already let the cat outta the bag. Yeah. But I do understand that impulse to just act like everything's normal. In which case I would stay in the room and sit on the bed. Do you think that maybe is what happened? I you don't know. I honestly don't. I remember it was six 15 and I have a pink flip phone at the time and I'm like, I'm gonna T nine word anybody I can right now to tell them what happened.


I'm starting to send out the mass text. You guys aren't gonna believe how my morning is. This just happened. This is bizarre. I remember sitting there, it was probably only a few minutes as they're getting dressed at this point I gotta ask a very uncomfortable question. But I think people will be mad if don don't Dad, he's in a very thin sheet. Do we notice is he popped a tent or whatever they say pop, what is It? No, that's a tent. Right? What do you call that Rob? Pop a tent. Pitch a tent. Pitch a tent. Can we see that Dad has an erection that's poking out? No, thank gosh. Also, You're not looking Well, you just, you see stop. No, You're actively trying to not see stuff at that point.


Okay. I think the visual of just the bending over action plenty. Yeah, That was enough. Okay. Really quick. I'm gonna let you move on. But also there's so many choices that were made. I need to do this really quick. Okay. He was too hopeful. Yeah. And optimistic. Also, They probably thought the door was locked or closed. That would be my guess. But also best case scenario, stay under the sheets. Climb on top of mom. That's how they like to do it. Clearly to the point where it's worth the risk. Because if he had just got on top of her and kept the sheets on, we're fine almost. But no, he's standing and she's bent over like a saw Horse. That's how she gets off Dax. And she needs to, okay. Okay. Also get Okay, get Hers.


you know, this is what happened in his head. He is probably like, okay. Yeah, probably we'll take a little longer than the coffee, but maybe next or like 20 seconds and that's fine. We'll just open the door Then. Yeah. And mom will say, dad had to take a dump. Exactly. Okay. Alright. We're back. We're back. Which is a life lesson for really anybody is just let that door lock. Yeah. Yeah. Let it go. Yeah. So I was T nine wording all of my besties. I remember turning to my sister, who has not said a word yet, and I turned to her and I'm like, let's go to the truck now and listen to my iPod. Now Mind you, we have an hour and a half drive still with them. Oh God. And your farmers like, I feel like some family of artists could have handled this a little better.


My sister has been quiet the entire time. And, we get to the truck and we're like, okay, we're just gonna listen to the iPod for the next hour and a half. No words whatsoever. And of course we don't have air pods or anything back in the day. So we've got the one strand between us, one ear, one ear, just jamming to the iPod the whole way home. We get home and we're carrying buckets of feed to the cattle. And my sister says Bailey, I just don't know how they thought they were gonna have enough time. I said they didn't. Yeah, that's the big question That remains. They didn't apologize or anything. No, just pretend it didn't happen. You guys don't skewer them. Get Christmas 10 years later.


You guys don't make jokes. We might now. I think it's time. It's time for it to resurface 11 years. Statue of limitations is up. Yes. I gotta applaud their youthfulness though. Yeah. There's something life affirming. Yes. I was going to add that I'm very thankful that they love each other. Yeah. I mean that's a relationship that everyone strives for. Let's get a quickie before the girls come back. Yeah. Yeah. That is. That is nice. How old were they at the time, do you think? Yeah, You were 21, Early fifties. God, your dad's a workhorse. What a stud. That Is almost I know. But you gotta understand men didn't get erections in the eighties once they did 50.


Wait. I think Impotency was real standard for Okay. Anyone post 50? Okay. I think so. Well, we'll get some data on this. Alright. Bailey And report back. Yeah. You'll hear about it on a future fact check. I bet. Well thanks for sharing that horrible story. That was amazing. I really Enjoyed it. Thank You. And I just wanna do a quick shout out to my friend Paula, who's been a listener of yours since the beginning. And she's been listening for a prompt to submit this story and she's actually here. Oh. Oh great. Let's say hi to Paula. Yeah. So do you care if she jumps on the mic? you know, Let's say hi to Paula. What If it's Paula Abdul? Could be. Is she Minnesota? Hello. Hi Paula. Oh My God.


The attic. I love it. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you too. I just have to say Dax, you're my Matt Damon. Aw Paula. We have been waiting for this prompt forever and I'm so glad. Bailey gotta tell it. It's so hilarious. And I wish she could have told it in person 'cause she does actions and it's just so funny. But poor Bailey and all seriousness, like this podcast is done so much for me and you guys are the reason I'm in therapy. So props to you guys and you're helping so many people. Oh, Thank, You, Paula Thank, You. We appreciate that. Well it's nice meeting both of you. Please tell Bailey we love that story. Yeah, us too. So Thank You. So much good to meet you guys. All right. Take care guys. Bye bye Bailey. Bye bye. Bailey.


That got crazy. She was like vanishing and she was just, Bailey was suspended in air for some reason. it was looked like she was slowly bashed up. I was trying to get the focus on Paula. I almost wondered if they orchestrated that whole thing. Oh, Bailey. Oh man. She's kinda the perfect person to have seen that. Can't believe he was on his feet pounding from Behind. They could Been having anal sex. Well Jesus wb. I'm still talking about Bailey's mom. Rob. That's Bailey's mom you're talking about My God. God. Morning anal. Also, when you touched this, I thought, what if it crashed in and Broke a pipe? Yeah, that would be fitting. I. Know. You can't have morning anal sex. Yes you can. No. 'cause you gotta thump in the morning.


Not Everyone does day. It already poop. Hi there. Hi. Hi. Sorry. We were saying naughty stuff right as you signed on. Makes me happy. I love it. Are you in a bunk bed with a sheet? I am in a blanket fort bunk bed. Absolutely. It's my best option. This Is a first. This is good. This sounds great. A lot of ingenuity happening. What do you do for a living? So I own a beach resort on the Jersey shore with my family. What? Cool. Wow. Have you ever seen like this situation in the gang? No, We're not that type of Jersey shore. We're like the quaint family friendly, low key, Jersey Short. Were you ever curious when they were shooting that show to wander up there and see if you could see 'em? I was obsessed with them. Not Really our vibe, you know.


Oh, okay. We like to stay a couple islands down, but they're fun to watch, I guess. That's fair. Am I right to think that the season is coming to an end? Is it a good time for you or a sad time? No, It's great. Couple more weeks to go and then we're done. Got it. Oh, I have a feeling this story is about Their own. Your own. Oh that would be a first. A proprietor. It is. It's about our hotel and as low key as it normally is, we see our fair share of crazy stuff. So I've got a doozy for you guys today. Oh yeah. Okay. How Many rooms are there? I want to get like kind of an idea of what we're looking at. 53. So we're pretty tiny. We're like a restaurant, nightclub, wedding venue. Oh wow. This Sounds a lot of fun. Very nice. Really quickly. My grandparents owned a motel and I was just telling Monica that my grandma many times found dead bodies.


Does that happen to you? No. Dead bodies for us. Knock on wood. Oh yeah. Okay, Great. Great, great, great. Oh, sorry, not knock, knock. There we go. Okay. Alright. Well I'm just gonna dive on into it. So it's a Friday morning, I'm coming into work and you know, we work some late night hours usually. So sometimes in the morning I come in around checkout time for the hotel. I walk in, I open the front door right to our lobby. And normally it would be a pretty low key scene. It would be a couple people checking out. People would gather in their stuff, getting ready to go. And immediately I can tell that is not the case for this morning. It is a zoo in the lobby. There's pretty much the entire hotel's worth of people standing around. Oh, our tiny little lobby. Oh geez. Oh wow. And they are losing their minds.


Oh, I can immediately sense the tension in the room and I'm overhearing people going like, what did you lose? I lost my beach towels. They were Pottery Barn. They're Marta Grammed. We lost all their life jackets. So I am on high alert, I can block eyes with our front desk Perceptionist. And she just gives me that nod, like, go to the office, I'm gonna meet you in there. She presents me with a full yellow legal pad of missing items from hotel rooms. What side note we are that idyllic little town where people leave all their stuff outside of the room at night. You leave your car doors unlocked, everybody puts their beach towels, their beach gear outside of their room. Never been an issue. Apparently today was not that day because almost every single hotel room had come down and reported something from outside of their room missing.


Nothing like this has ever happened before. So I am in semi panic mode. you know, we wanna keep our guests happy and dunno what to do. So I'm real in trying to think what's our next step here. And in walks two of our managers and I have a manager, Heather, who does our front desk and a manager Tina, who does our housekeeping. And they come in and they were in earlier than me, and we've got a story for you. One of our housekeepers had walked by one of the other rooms and noticed as she looked through an open door, a boatload of beach stuff, like mountains of beach gear in a certain hotel room. So she's like, all right, we've got an issue. So you know, it was like 10 45 when I got in there. Checkout's 11. So I'm like, all right, let's go upstairs. I gather my girls, we head up the stairs. Some of our rooms are ocean front and they've got private balconies.


So we go to the one next to this room who's already been checked out of. And I walk out on the balcony and I'm peeking over to the next room and I'm trying to figure out, oh my God, is this it? And I just see mountains of things, all the beach towels stacked up, puddle jumpers, beach gear, I mean everything. So it's now 1101 and this is no longer this lady's room. So I'm like, alright, let's go. So I leave my girls down the hallway, I go up, I knock on the door. Little side note about this lady. She's already been an issue in the hotel. Oh, you know, we've got FARs, we've got a nightclub. We've had a lot of complaints about her so far already Ranging from just she's nosy or she's aggressive. Loud, Loud, aggressive, too drunk, causing scenes, chirping up people at the bar being rude to the security guard.


It's like, you name it, she was doing it. She's been a handful. Okay. So I knock on the the door, tell her who I am, kind of give her the old, Hey, had a couple complaints about some hotel rooms. Are you missing anything? She's like, oh no, whatcha talking about? And as she steps sort of to the side, I look over her shoulder and I'm like, how many towels did you bring with you on this vacation? At this point, I'm like, I'm coming in the room. So I sort of just walk past her. And our rooms have a little bit of an entry hallway, and then they open up into the larger space. So I'm coming in and I'm clocking all the stuff. I'm seeing the towel with Olivia's name on it. Oh my god. God. The puddle jumper with the mermaids on it. That's been reported missing. I have the list with me and I'm like, this is it. We've got a kleptomaniac on her hand. As I walk through the threshold to the room, I look to my right and I catch eyes with somebody I know in her bed.


Oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh


If. you love iPhone. You'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple. Card. Apply for Apple Card and the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval savings is available to Apple Card owners, subject to eligibility, Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch member, FDIC terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


We are supported by Klaviyo. Klaviyo helps brands build smarter digital relationships with their customers. And here at Armchair Expert, we know a little something about how challenging that can be. Here's how Klaviyo does it. Their unified data and marketing automation platform turns customer data into personalized connections to make every moment count across AI powered email SMS analytics and more. Klaviyo powers smarter digital relationships for more than 151,000 successful brands, including Hedley and Bennett Fish Wife and Dagney Dover. Build smarter digital relationships with your customers. Visit K-L-A-V-I-Y o.com to make every moment count.


So we have a lot of different bands that play at our resort and some play weekly. And I look over and one of the trombone players from a band who plays at the resort a lot is tucked up to his chin in her bed And just surrounded with merch. Endless gear. I mean mean a hotels full. You could have a whole camp with the amount of gear for children that is in this room. So I look at him and we're just eyes on each other like we know each other. And he's a deer in headlights. So I look over to her and I'm like, Hey, do you guys have any kids registered with your reservation? 'cause I know it's just her in this room. And she goes, oh, he has kids. So she's thinking on her feet, She's moving quick, she's trying, but I know this guy and he does not have children of this age, and I've never seen him with any family of anybody at the resort.


So I look right at her and I go, that's not true. Come on. And he is still just stone cold. So I'm like, listen guys, I'm under the assumption that you've stolen all this stuff from all of our hotel guests. I go, I'm gonna take it back. I go out to the hallway, I hootie hoop my staff and I ask them to come down and they bring a whole crew of house keepers. I mean, this is five, six ladies arms full of stuff. Just taking it all out At this moment. In your mind, have you tried to figure out, 'cause I'm immediately thinking this is the act of a super hammered person that didn't really know what they were doing. Not so much that they actually are a thief that wants this stuff. My guess right now is she woke up and was just as surprise as you are that all that stuff was in her room. She was absolutely drinking the night before.


But the reason that's not the case is because everything was nicely folded. She had mounds of towels rolled up perfectly and was loading them into her suitcase. How's she getting this outta here without people noticing also, what the Hell are you gonna do with all this stuff? Yeah. It's not like it's highly resellable. Don don't think it's about that. It's just about the stealing. Yeah. Okay. Also, she is so far on left field, I've just accused her of robbing the entire hotel. She could care less. She's smiling, she's joking with me. She is not defensive at all. I'm just like, okay. So we get all this stuff out of the room and I look at the guy and I go, listen, I'm gonna step outta the hallway. I'm gonna give you two minutes to get decent. And after that, I'm coming in. You guys are getting out of the room. I walk out, I'm not out there. 30 seconds, he comes barreling out the door, down the hallway, won't even look at me.


He's gone. So I'm like, all right, I'll deal with this guy another day. I know who this guy is. So I go back in and I'm trying to just get the ball rolling for this lady. I'm like, you gotta go. We're not gonna call the cops. You're like, I'm not interested in that. I'm not even there. Yeah. I'm just like, you gotta get outta this place. We have reclaimed everything. We're not gonna make a big deal outta this, but you gotta get outta here. So I'm grabbing her stuff for her. I'm literally, she brought a Keurig machine. I'm holding a Keurig That she stole from the last hotel, Probably. She's joking me about the weather. She's saying how much she loves our resort. And I'm just like, we gotta go lady. I get her down the hallway out to her car as we're walking, she's detailing her plans to go to the next hotel down the street and check in. And I'm like, oh God, see you. So I get her in her car.


I'm immediately calling the other hotel owner. 'cause you know we're a small town and being like, Hey, this is coming your way. Absolutely. Do not let this lady check in before I can even get off the phone. I'm beeping through with another call from our housekeeping manager and she's like, you need to get back up here right away. What the fuck? I'm like, did this lady sneak back in the other side? Like what am I getting back into? So I hustle back up there and I get in there and there's a team of housekeepers in there. They'd come in, it's already passed checkout. They're trying to get in there and clean the room. We've got a full hotel to flip over and they are just shocked. And I'm like, what's going on? They pull back the sheets and poop stains all over of the sheets.


Same bed. Mr. Trombone player was just laying in. We don't have cameras in the room, so we'll never know what really happened. Wait, so he was covered in the poop when he was in the sheets? There was just poop scenes like poop juice. Oh. Oh Baby. And I don't know if I was so freaked out by the situation of the theft originally that I didn't smell it, didn't notice it like the balcony door was open. Oh. But I looked down and there's one of the little maps we give out of our island that gives like tourist spots and restaurant recommendations. Somebody moves that with a glove tan pile of poop juice. Oh my. My God. We look in the bathroom, God Poop, washcloths, Everything. What? But we had deducted that they must have gotten absolutely hammered the night before.


Gone on a drunken rage of ransacking the hotel and then probably celebrated with a big round of butt s sex right before they Left. Yes. Oh my God. Who else lays in those shoes? I mean, You're not gonna lay in poop sheets if you're not a part Of it. A hundred percent. By the way, when we got on with you And, we said we were just talking about naughty stuff. it was anal, It was that. it was someone walked in on their dad pounding. Mom bent over the bed. it was like six 15 in the morning and I said, well no one have anal sex in the morning, but now we're hearing this story. Yeah. Well we don dunno if it was morning or night or Yeah, celebrated Poop everywhere. Wow. Round of butt. That's the whole story. I mean, it ended in a good note. We have a great team. They cleaned the room. We have professional carpet cleaner machines.


Like we took care of it. All the guests were happy just to get their stuff back. So it was a happy ending. Oh my God. I wonder if there was any poop on any of the stuff. People are animals. It was nuts. It's been six, seven years since this story. And, we still call the trombone guy. Roto-Rooter. So he stayed under your employee. Did you guys ever have any follow up conversation about that whole sitch? He left the band for a few years and then he's been back recently. I don't give him shit. I just kind of give him a little side eye when I see him. Like I know he Has the audacity to show his face again. Well, I would say to him, listen Carl, I'm gonna let you work here, but you shouldn't have sex with the guests.


That's off the table. But if it does happen, be mildly respectful. Clean up a little bit. Clean Up. Yeah. Oh wow. It Made me throw away all the sheep, the house, you know, everything. I mean the room got stripped down to bare bones and started over, but it was nasty. Oh, Talk about insult to injury. It also, the juice description is really something. This might not shock you, but in my 20 plus years in aa, this is the kind of story I hear. you know, this is generally someone's bottom. Yeah. Yep, Yep. Yeah. Pun intended. I just wanna Thank You guys for this. This was so much fun. I'm obsessed with your podcast. I listen every week, all the shows. Thank. You. That was incredible. What a morning you had. Oh, I love that.


Oh great. Start to my weekend. And all the guests, they were delighted when they got their stuff back, everything was fine. Everybody was happy. Nobody caused a ruckus or anything. They were just happy to get their stuff and go to the beach that day. Oh God, that poor woman. She's really hanging on by a Forever. Yeah. Let's hope she turned it around. Yeah. Hopefully she's doing better things with her life these days. Oh boy. Well, Brittany Thank. You. That was a blast. Before I leave my friend Heather, who was a part of the story who turned me onto your podcast is here. Yes. Do you care if she says hi real quick? Of course. Let's say hi to Heather. She's our front desk manager. She was one of the ones that was a part of the beginning. Hi. Hi Heather. Oh my God, this is so Exciting. Now, did you also go take a look at the wreckage in the bed? Or did you take everyone's word for it?


You Got eyes on that? I got Eyes on all of it. Oh Boy. it was pretty nasty. And would you also describe it as juice? Yeah, I would say juice and then some. Okay, Okay, sure. Well it's so nice meeting both of you. This was incredible. You too. Alright, Thank You so much. Take care ladies. I kind of wanna go stay there now. It Sounds really nice. It does. I don't wanna Stay in that room. Yeah, I'll ask them what room that was in. I can't believe she said celebrate it with a round of butt Sack I know. Yeah. You really can't Get that. What a way to phrase that? A round. Sounds like it might have been multiple rounds based on the amount of juice Of sewage that Yeah. Fucking guy was laying in It. Why was he laying in it? He didn't know what to do. Do You think percentage of anal is higher at a hotel than it is in your home?


I do. People don't wanna desecrate their home with the butt, but they're fine with it. Well look at my only story of pooping a bed was at a hotel. You've pooped a bed before in your house? No, I don't think so. Really? No. Aaron's kind of known for that. My only pootie in a bed was that experience. Oh. Hello. Hi, is this Matt? Hey Dex. Hey Monica. How are you guys? Great. Good. Where are you calling us from? I'm calling from New York, Manhattan. Ooh, The big city. Ah, we love it there. Yes. The big apple. If you can make it there, you can make it anywhere. Monica. That's what they Say. Do you know how to get to Carnegie Hall? What? Lots of practice is the answer. Oh, I'm glad there was a joke there.


I really didn't Understand Adam K told me that joke. I love it. Yeah, that's fun. How do you get to Carnegie Hall? Lots of practice. So Okay. Hit us with your hotel story. Yeah, So this starts in the height of Covid going into 2021 to the end of 2020. My friend Slater and I are located in New York City. It's freezing cold. All the bars are closed, so there's not much for us to do. And with winter coming, being in a two by four apartment didn't really sound exciting, especially If your name is Slater. Slater's meant to be out on the town. Yeah, Slater needs some action. Exactly. He actually has really good dance moves. So, oh, I story. Yeah, our friend Nick, who is located down in Florida, was FaceTiming us every other day trying to get us to come down and say, it's bright and shiny down here.


It's warm, it's beautiful. So Slater and I decided, let's do it. So once New Year's happened, we took a train down to Orlando, Florida, and that's kind of where we bounced around during Covid from Orlando to Miami and then ultimately Sarasota for about six to seven months. Really quick, I'm just learning. You can take a train from Manhattan to Orlando. You Have to go to Virginia, and then they have the Amtrak Auto and you load your car up and then you take a train down to Orlando. Oh, you Put your car on the train. Oh Wow. It's super cool. Oh wow. The tickets weren't that bad. And. we needed a car down in there, so we decided to do that. We ended up starting in Orlando. We were renting Airbnbs month to month, and then ultimately we wanted to go to Sarasota.


So our Airbnb finished and then the start of the new one, we had a week gap. We decided to go to Miami. We were supposed to stay with one of my friends. She happened to get covid. So we decided to last minute book a hotel in an area of Miami. I had been around constantly pre Covid. As we were kind of getting to the hotel, we realized that it's spring break in Miami. Oh wow. So all the cooped up covid people were letting loose. That's when you were seeing on the news about the whole curfew issue and mayhem going on in Miami. I do remember that. Yeah. We pulled up the receptionist at the hotel, looked at us, and they see us in polos and khaki shorts and nice shoes while everyone else is kind of in their swimsuit, drinking in the lobby, music's blasting And.


we had our golf bags, our work stuff, and we're ready to work in this hotel. So when we get to our room, you have the TV and the bureau, and then the hotel gives you a desk on the right side. Slater happened to set up his desk on the right, so we're about four feet apart. Then next morning we hit the gym. We come back, And, we just start our work day. He's on client calls. I'm on client calls. This is kind of where we developed this concept, which is called the midday shower, which is basically a way to essentially break up your workday into two halves. Okay? This is proprietary Shower. You go for a walk, basically get away from your laptop, and when you come back, you feel refreshed. Behind it was the bathroom wall. So all you had to do is basically get up, turn and go around.


He turned the water on, and then this is where I heard a muffled poof. Oh, the best way I could describe this noise is the shower head fell off and hit the empty tub, and that's kind of what it sounded to me. Okay. I didn't know what was going on. So I looked left, and this is kind of where I saw a debris. Oh, in the air. Oh. And I looked at his monitor. I saw the plastic was pointing out at him as he'd been sitting in the chair, and there was a hole through it. Whoa. Wait, what? Whoa. I realized that a bullet went through it. I just jumped on the floor. Oh my Goodness. Slater came out of the bathroom and he looked at me and he goes, what was that? And I said, bullet.


So he dropped to the floor and I crawled towards him, and then we're sitting on the bathroom floor trying to figure out what just happened. We called 9 1 1. We said, Hey, we're in room X, Y, Z at this location. Then we realized we have to call the hotel downstairs. don don't know why. I didn't really Google try to call the front desk. Maybe it was going to one 800. I can't really remember. So this is where I crawled from the shower to the center of the room for the phone, called the hotel downstairs. I said, Hey, I was just shot fired. And they were basically like, okay, please be safe. And then we hung up. Thankfully, there wasn't any further shooting, nothing. So we were all safe, thankfully. And I don't know what time from that period, from we made the calls to when they showed up, might have been maybe around like a half an hour.


And then ultimately we heard a knock on the door, Hey, it's the cops. We opened the door. He decided to escort us out safely to the elevator, and the individual next door to us comes out as if nothing happened and is just walking by us. And the cop said, are you in this room? And he said, yeah. So the cops started to interrogate him, and Slater and I went down to the hotel lobby into the conference room with a cop and the manager of the hotel for about an hour sole. And I realized that we're in the middle of a workday. We asked the cop, can we go back upstairs? We don't want to say we're in Miami, where if you look out the window, there's partying and everything kind of going crazy. Yeah. Yeah. So we realized basically what happened, the bullet hole was through the wall, through Slater's Monitor.


And had he been sitting there, it would've shot him right in the chest. Oh my God, thank God for your proprietary shower break. Exactly. And then we realized since he wasn't sitting there, it went through the wall where the shower was located, And, it actually chipped the tile. So had it been maybe even a stronger bullet, and Slater was in the shower, oh, it would've hit him in the backside too. Anyway, so we were really thankful. So then we get our work material, we head downstairs, you Guys are really good employees. I want to add I Know. you know, no one's thinking about calling the balls and going like, Hey, we almost got shot a second ago. We're gonna have to call some of these clients back later. We didn't wanna do that. We didn't wanna let them know that we were really milking out the remote work.


So we kind of left it at that. We're in the conference room downstairs in the hotel lobby, And. we asked the cop what happened to this guy where the shot came from, and cop said that when he went into the room, the entire seed was cleaned up, so the debris wasn't on the floor from his side. And the hole was almost as if it was plastered up. What? And the bureau for where the TV is, he just moved it over. Oh. So essentially nothing on his side. He had said, oh, it was a champagne bottle that exploded and went through the wall. Oh. The cop basically said, well, if you look on this side of the hotel room, it's a completely different story. So it was labeled as an accidental discharge, because I guess the rules down in Florida are a little bit more liberal.


So he essentially was free, no repercussions, nothing for him. Oh My God. No problem. Discharging a firearm in your hotel room. Yeah. Almost killing your neighbor. Almost kill. Who was the dude? Was he a kid on spring break or was he another work remote adult? No, he was definitely an adult. Definitely older. How old? We were 24 at the time. So he, to me, looked around 29, maybe 31. Okay, Okay. He's not like my age. He's not an old timer. No, no, no. Oh, because I was starting to think of some old timers. I, he is gonna bring his gun in case he gets attacked, and then he's moving his underpants and the gun's in the drawer. But no, this is a 31-year-old. I mean, he must've been handling the gun. He was taking the gun, I guess, out of his suitcase.


And. it just popped. Jesus. Oh, Jesus Christ. What a fucking bozo. Oh, wow. Matt. Wow. What a bizarre story. What of a kind, And. we didn't have any other Hotel stories like this. No, no, we did not. You literally dodged a bullet. Nice. You rarely get to say that. And it's literal. Yeah, it was fun. Well, Matt, lovely meeting you. Thanks for telling us that story. Thank You so much, guys. Take care. Bye. Oh wow. Oh My God. Scary. Where did you think that story was going? 'cause I of course thought there was gonna be a spring breaker who did something wild? Maybe crash into the room or something? In the elevator. Okay. I thought he fell in the shower.


Oh. 'cause he started talking about the shower. Well, he heard a big noise. Yeah. And I thought it was, he fell and then he had to go in there in his naked body and he had to deal with the naked chips body. That's fair. Did not see that one coming. Geez. Scary. Yeah. I wonder if they celebrated with a round of butt. Fucking, hopefully. Oh wow. That was good. Hotels were good. Yeah. Fun. All right. I wanna go to a hotel. Me too. Okay. I am going B. Oh, Bye. Love you. Love you. Do you wanna sing a tune or something? When it was a theme song? Oh, okay. Great. We don have a for this new show. So here I go, go, go. We're gonna ask some random And, we some on the fly.


Enjoy.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, Or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


In a quiet suburb, a community is shattered by the death of beloved wife and mother, but this tragic loss of life quickly turns into something even darker. Her husband had tried to hire a hitman on the dark web to kill her, and she wasn't the only target because buried in the depths of the internet is the kill list. A cache of chilling documents, containing names, photos, addresses, and specific instructions for people's murders. This podcast is the true story of how I ended up in a race against time to warn those whose lives were in danger. And, it turns out convincing a total stranger someone wants them dead is not easy. Follow kill list on the Wander app or wherever you get your podcasts, you can listen to Kill List and more Exhibit C, true crime shows like Morbid early and ad free right now by joining Wondery. Plus, check out exhibit C in the Wondery App for all your true crime listening.