
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Buck Rogers and I'm joined by Gene Lightyear. Hi. Hi. Everyone will know who Burt Kreer is. When I describe a jolly man with no shirt on who does standup? He does not do his profession with a shirt on. Yeah. It's this, it's not for him thing. Too cumbersome. Too much fabric. Too much fabric. It doesn't declare I want to party hard enough. That's right. And he is all about partying.


He He really is. He is. He was also, he was crowned that early on. He's, yeah. Once you get that moniker college, you gotta make it a lifestyle. And boy has he. Yeah. Successfully. Very successfully. Bert of course, is a host of a couple of very popular podcasts, two Bears, one Cave, and something's burning and Bertcast. And he has been in the machine, razzle Dazzle, the Cabin, Bert the Conqueror Secret Time. And he has a comedy special out right now on Netflix called Lucky. So please check that out if you haven't already. And please enjoy Bert Kreischer.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is a no fee credit card that gives you daily cash back every day. That's 3% back at Apple and 2% back on every purchase made with Apple Card using Apple Pay. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app on your iPhone today. Subject to credit approval variable APRs for Apple card range from 18.24% to 28.49% based on credit worthiness rates as of January 1st, 2025. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


We're supported by Addie Banin, the Little Pink Pill. Ask your doctor if the FDA approved little pink pill Addie is right for you. See full prescribing information, medication guide and boxed warning regarding severe low blood pressure and fainting in certain settings@adi.com slash pi or call 8 4 4 Pink Pill.


He's an, I find it rude, showing up to a podcast on time. When I show up on time, I should show up like five minutes late to let them get settled. Oh. So today I was like, I didn't know your energy, so I didn't wanna assume. When I get do a podcast, I'm like, when I say at two o'clock, it means I'll get there at two o'clock. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. And so I feel bad when people get there early and they're waiting on me and then I'm like, I'm so sorry. I decided to walk to work.


Yeah. And you have it nearly as bad as me, which is you recording a house. I just said, I can't believe I'm at your house. It's so intimate. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Is it a good or a bad idea? You think? It depends on who you have on your podcast. I have lunatics on my podcast. The night that we decided we no longer do in our house, it was me, Sam Tripoli, and Eddie Bravo, my daughter Ala, my daughter Georgia, and Eddie Bravo and ala. Were learning Juujitsu moves. Okay. And we're all high and we're all by the fire pit. Sure. And Ala was like, I'm mom, I'm learning Juujitsu. It was really fun. But my wife's like, all right, just so we are clear that energy, we're not gonna welcome that into our house. Every time we have a guest, It's a little bit aggressive. She's like, I like Eddie, I like Sam, but I don't know if we're gonna just, anytime you have a band that wants to stick around and we had a band doing coke in our bathroom the other day.


Sure. Yeah. Maybe keep those kids away from that. I try to go, ladies, do you know who this is? And then they're like, no. Yeah. I Was like, shit, this is Gavin Rossdale. Do you know Gwen Stefani is? And they're like, yeah. I go, oh God, can you guys hug him or something? He's a legend. The only one that they ever got mad at me for not introducing them to was Tony Hawk. Oh, okay. We love Tony. They were like, you had Tony Hawk, your dad. It's Hard to know what they're gonna know. Right. They're what? 19 and 20. Your Daughters 19 and 20. Slipknot was a big home run. Five finger death punch, probably daughter Isla into that kind of music. So how many years ago did you stop recording at home? Because I went to a house. But that's not where you were living. That is Just our studio probably three years ago.


And that's good. Right? It's just good across the Board. Best energy in the world. I'm a natural extrovert, so I draw energy from people. And so to walk into a creative space like that, like I would've really thrived in one of those content houses, those content houses. The kids did that. What do you mean? What's that? I Don't know what a content house is. I was acting like I did. I thought I could context clues. Figure that out, out. Hope. There's no way Dax knows what a content house is Back in the day. They get a thing called sway house. Now I'm gonna sound so fucking old. Is This MTV? No. Oh. Something ridiculous. Mom, Boy God. Bryce Hall. Do you know who that is? No. Okay. This is like, we're really Failing bad. This Is worse than being caught looking at porn at your kids' school. I'm really embarrassed that I'm telling you that I followed this. No, At where you're where it's never a good look.


The Paul brothers did it. They get big on TikTok and then they'd move their friends in and then all day long, they just create content. Oh, okay. I was 45 when they were doing that. 42. There was one that lived down the street from me. I was so jealous. I had a family, kids, a beautiful wife, dogs, and I drive by there and go, these kids are living it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And they lived in mansions in the hills, and they just liked their pool on fire. Hey, Cut the top off Of a lamb here. Oh, neighbors would Be living. Yeah. Okay. So you still feel like, oh man. Or you feel like I had my time. I feel Like I got it now in my house. I go there. I'm not lighting pools on fire. But today we had a creative meeting for a sitcom. First day of productions, everyone comes in, they move out.


We got a movie pitch. They come in. Yeah. Move out. We got three podcasts. It was a Fervor of activity when I showed up for anyone who didn't listen to that episode of Two Bears, one Cave I roll up and there's a tour bus in the driveway. I'm immediately ingratiated to you. I'm like, no one else has this in their driveway in la. This is great. Yeah. And then I go inside you and there's people everywhere. And I'm like, they have a big business. There's a lot happening. That's fine. Well, there's touring, there's tv, there's movies, there's podcasts, and then there's the vodka. There's the 5K cooking show. And that's the beautiful thing about this is whatever idea, I mean, I have my own fucking flip flop. Oh God. Let's see this. Oh, and is it Merge? Listen, this is gonna sound so detached, but once you get a certain level in success, you get to kind of just call your own shots.


So there was a flip flop that I liked and they stopped making it. So I started cyber bullying them. I said, everyone online, just hit 'em up. Tell 'em that this is bullshit, that they're not making my flip flop anymore Or cannot live without these. The guys that own the company hit me up and they're like, Hey man, we're not doing great in business. And I was like, well then let me help. And my first thought was like, I need size twelves. Just gimme a thousand and I'll wear 'em for the rest of My life. You just wanna get paid in. Flip flops Are no, they're free waters. They're great flip Flops. Oh, okay. Okay. And then I said, well wait, how many do you need? I don't need any money in the company. Gimme a price point where it's financially beneficial for you to make flip flops. He goes, if you could sell like 5,000 flip flops, I'd do it. And I went, great. I said, make 5,000 and my style, the kind I like put my name on it. I don't care, but I'll sell to my fans. We sold 'em in like 15 minutes. Nice. Really? And at that point I realized, oh, there's bigger things in this business.


You're extremely A DHD, right? Yes. And I was thinking of what a perfect time you were born in to come of age where you could be doing 57 different things and there's no barrier to entry and it's self distribution. Well, we Started at a time when that wasn't it. We had to get christened by a gatekeeper. Yeah. Which was so frustrating. I remember getting my first camera. It was a GL two, it was a Sony. Oh yeah. A Canon Cannon GL two Canon. Yeah. And I shot shorts I just needed to do. And I edited 'em and I gave them to my manager and he goes, what am I supposed to do with these? At that moment I thought, this needs to go away, because I was like, I know, I see stuff and I like it. Yeah, yeah. And I was like, what about the guys from South Park who made the Jesus fight? Santa Claus? They made something. Now everyone sees it.


I got really bored when I was a travel channel and I started doing a vlog. I got really into Casey, NY stat, Mr. Ben Brown. Fun. So good with names. I just gotta say, I've been watching you all day on different interviews and your recall for people and how much you're abreast of every comedian that's working, all that. It's kind of staggering. I can tell you things I like. I love being a fan of shit. There's no sexier feeling in the world. I hope someone's getting this right now. This is the coolest feeling you'll ever get in the world is when you discover something and you like it and you deep dive and you find so much more shit and you're like, oh, I haven't even started. It Is so fun. You know, I'll tell you this, I'm a big Grateful Dead fan. I've been lucky enough to be around them. Dead and company. I've gone to the sphere. I'm going back To sphere. You do drugs when you do that. 'cause you're not into drugs. I'll drink.


You won't do like mushrooms or something for that. No, Don't. No. It also Feels scary at the sphere. You don't need anything. Sphere. Is that good? Exactly. I got so moved at the sphere for you two that David Copperfield left our box Because I was crying aggressively. My daughters could not stop laughing. They were filming all of it. Wow. And I was just sobbing. The older I've gotten, I've gotten very emotional. But I'm a big dead fan. I love when you discover something. Yes. And so for me it was vlogging. I've discovered Casey, NY Stat, and Mr. Ben Brown. When I found these guys, I got turned on and I started deep diving them and I was like, this is sexy. That they're in control of everything. And I started doing my own vlog. Very simple at first, a little more complex. And people followed it. And I got made fun of. I mean, trust me, Rogan lit me up a couple times and I was like, RO a film us play in pool.


And he was like, the fuck, we just did a podcast. Yeah, yeah. But I got really into it. And in doing that, I just learned how to edit videos. When I learned how to edit videos, I realized I was now in the driver's seat of my own career. 'cause I could put out whatever content I needed out on whatever timeline I needed it to promote whatever show I needed. And in doing that, I think I learned to follow my heart. Well It's a great era for someone with your makeup. Probably a DHD. Super crazy passionate right now about the thing. My hunch is if you can't knock it out in a small window, it's gone. Right. Is that fair? I had, They put pilot in Hollywood. That means we're making Your pilot. They buy it with the commitment to make the pilot At NBC.


Shout out to tall Rabbi Benowitz. I knew her when she was assistant. I walked into the room, she's now running NBC. She was always cool. She was like, say less. Done. And then my best friend started Fat shaming me. What year Was this? This was 2016. I think. I had just gotten fired from Travel Channel. I already knew how to edit everything. I knew how to vlog. And Tom started fat shaming me. And I was like, I know Tom doesn't know how to do any of this shit. I'm gonna destroy him. And so I started fat shaming him. At one point my manager and agent called my wife and they were like, Hey, we need Burt's notes on the pilot. And she was like, oh, he's done. And they're like, what? She was like, it took too long. He's done. He's onto this fat shaming thing. Yes. He's not gonna do it. You're White hot. But it's got a real short half life.


If it's not there right away, I'm onto the next thing. But What amazing technology that has sprouted up where you make real time content and it can be released that day and you see the results of it and then you're onto the very next thing. This is not a personality type that works under the old paradigm. No. Alright. But Let us start at the beginning. Shoot Tampa, Florida, 1977. 72 52. Yes. Yes. I'm 75. I made you younger than me. My two writers on my show were like, you're meeting Derek Shepherd today? And I was like, yeah. And they're like, how old is he? And I went, probably like 40. And they're like, he's fucking 40. And I was like, I don't know. And they're like, you were just with him. How old do you not know how old he is? And I was like, I think he seems young as shit.


He's got a full head of hair. He is jacked. Look at you. That's so nice. 40. He took the steps two at a time on the way up to the studio. Oh, You shaved 10 whole years off. How nice. Yeah. That's really kind of you. Well, and then I just gave you five years. November 72, you arrive St. Petersburg. But then we get to Tampa. Yeah. I Shot my special in St. Petersburg. Specialist comes out on Netflix, March 18th, lucky. Lucky. And I shot it in St. Petersburg. Wow. Very emotional. Okay. So Tampa, Florida. Dad was a real estate attorney. Yeah. So was he crushing? No. My dad doesn't let me talking about this. But he doesn't listen to your podcast. Yeah, he stuck. So I think we're safe. Yeah. Yeah. I was talking about it on Rogan one time. Rogan's like can't be real. So I called my dad, I go, Hey yo dad, do you ever represent do.do? And he's like, yeah. And I was like, cool, I'm on Rogan.


He goes, what? Don't fucking tell people who I funny you can't tell people who I represented, but they have a building right on this road. The people he represented have a building on this road. Very big building a mile that way. Scientology Easy. Oh, good job. Wonderful. So he met an author. Okay, wonderful. The author loved boats. I mean you would think the guy lived on a boat and then He did build a boat he lived on. Yeah. Yeah. We lived in what I would say a white trash neighborhood. I apologize if there's anyone that grew up with me. Not my second neighborhood. Not Faircloth estate, but the first neighborhood was white trash. I remember in first grade, I went over to this dude Darren and we used to play football together. Darren. Darren lived on that street and he was with a chick.


And I just went up with my ball. I was like, yo, we playing football today? And he's like, buddy, I'm fingering a girl right now. And I was like, My bad in first grade, first grade. Oh My God. Wow. I hope she was in second grade. At least he Had to be in like eighth grade. They were older. Oh my. They were older. I'm sorry. Fellow first grade. That Story came out weird. Yeah, I know. I was like, Oh my God. That's like when I said to someone, no, I was drinking with a bunch of miners. And they're like, what? And I was like, yeah, they were fucking fun. And they're like, where were you? I said, West Virginia. Coal miners. Yeah. It's coal miners. They're like Coal mine. Whatcha doing? Grew up in white trash. My dad gets this one client promised a big money buys house for like, I don't even know, $130,000 in 82. That's a lot. It's big three bedrooms.


Office downstairs. Oof. On a lake. No pool. You had no Pool. That was our pool. Gator pond. Dude, there are signs that you grew up in Florida and it is, you are hyper aware of gators and snakes. I've never once walked across my lawn and not watch where my feet land. Yeah, that's Florida. And I never have gotten in a fucking lake and just thought, this will be fun as a kid. You get water school, you like feed up. I don't wanna get it eaten. Yeah. It was Terrifying. Oh my mom will like that. I tell this story. She was water seen in Florida as a young 20 something year old. She saw alligators and then she fell and she was too terrified to let go of the tow rope. And she was drug behind the boat so long that it gave her an enema.


And she shit her bathing suit. That's Florida water skiing for you right there. Public enema number one. You might shit yourself. Lot Waters, Dude. Florida's so fucked up. I think Florida and Australia are the closest cousins you get in the world. Everything can kill you in Australia. The weakest people in the world. Germans, that's hot Because there's nothing scary there. You're saying nothing. Wow. They don't even have wolves in Australia. You ever been to Australia? Oh yeah. Or especially in Northern Australia. Every sign is written in English and it German because Germans have lived this carefree life with no snakes, no alligators. They have deer, Maybe a raccoon maybe. And so they go, diesel water looks fun. And then Gator's got 'em in its mouth And they get the great whites. It's teaming with man killers down there fucking Australia.


Dangerous, dangerous. Yeah. It's so as a car guy, the weird thing is I would go to Florida and everyone drove a Mustang Notchback LX five liter. They were only sold in Florida. People always got a hatchback. I don't know why they all like that, but it was all kids living with their grandparents 'cause their parents had kicked them out. I mean there's a huge contingency of people just living with their grandparents, which is a wild group. Were you running into that a Lot? I was not. That's more central Florida? No, that's more northern Florida. Okay. Like Orlando E. Yeah, Like Ocala. I was in Seine a lot. So That's Southwest coast, Florida. Yes. Southwest coast. No, it's central, mid-state. We'd fly into Orlando.


You You're not watching this. That won't be entertaining. But the look Monica just gave me, anytime I talk about geography, which I can't resist, it's Like 14 minutes trying to Figure out. And one gives a flying fuck where Seine, Florida is. And she's right. No one. But we care. I just Said to someone the other day, the best geography joke ever was Homer Simpson. He goes, who cares about Canada? Tucked away down there. Exactly. Back to Tampa. Dad has his client now. That's all we can say about that. 'cause I certainly need to know more. I read that book going clear and him floating around on a fucking ball Way to dance around it. Yeah. Things that seem interesting in your life are just your life and you're like, yeah, I don't really remember. Yeah. All I know is that we got into move into a nice house in a nicer neighborhood based on the client.


And then the client allegedly just kind of bounced. Okay. And then we had a house with no furniture in it, But from the street you guys look like you're going. It Looked like we were killing it. But if you walked in our house, you're like, oh, you just move in. You're like, no, we've been here a year and a half. Right. And Did you have a complex around that? No. It's weird. What doesn't bother me? And then it's weird. What bothers me? Yeah. What bothers you? Because you seem to have a very thick skin and you're very self-deprecating, so it's hard to know what would trigger You. I'm extremely sensitive. I'll give you a perfect example when I talk shit about you on Two Bears. Yeah. Right. And then I heard that it came to you. I got really upset about it. Wait, I don't know this. We are definitely talking about, well, Quite simply, I had been told in comments that I got made fun of on Two Bears by Bird.


Okay. It was just, Tom lights me up and pokes me. And I like talking wild on a podcast. It's part of being on a podcast. And he is like, D Shepherd's fucking killing it. Maybe I'll get him on here as a guest bear. And I was like, fuck Dak Shepherd. He was like, what? And I go, dude, he just started podcasting last week and it's the number one podcast in the world. Yeah. It's all very legit. I, I've been doing this for nine fucking years. What's funny is I'm aware of that. I come to expect that. But then somehow I see a video of Bert telling a story where he said, I feel really bad that I made fun of D Shepherd. And he did this incredible thing, which he sent me merch. Oh. Which I didn't do, but an arm cherry dip. Wait, what? Someone sent him our merch. Oh, Our merch? Yeah. Oh. And he thought it was from me and he was like, oh, what a Cool.


It destroyed me. It was during the pandemic and I got it in my PO box and I was like, Oh my God. And here's the thing. I am like a day one ride or die for Dax for real. When punk came out, first of all, I know I told you this. Yeah. He looks like my best friend growing up, Ryan Valerius, when he came on there, he even looked more like him then. And I was like, that's my fucking guy. You expect your movie stars to just stay movie stars and not get in your lane. And when they get in your lane, you're like, dude, you're already a fucking movie star. Yeah. You're already married to a fucking movie star. All of it. I totally understand. Yeah. And I would be fucking annoyed. And then we hash this all out on his show and it was lovely. I've done that to a few people. And so when it happens to me, I understand it more. It's helpful. Right When you go like, alright, this is the same thing I did. I don't even mean it. They probably don't mean it either. You're looking for a funny take. Like I went off on alcoholism, I went off on people who quit drinking.


Right. Oh Wow. Sure, Sure. Did you hear this? No. No. It was bad. Anyone in the program got really upset. Upset With What were your points? My point Was, if you're thinking about quitting drinking, don't, it's not the alcohol, it's you. So have a drink and let's figure this out. Let's talk it out over drinks. My whole point was I know so many people who've quit drinking but didn't fix the problem. Well I agree with you there. Yeah. I go, let's not say it's alcohol. Let's say it's you. And it was just to make Tom laugh. And I got lit up by friends in the program. Listen, I'm so pro drinking, I'm so prodrug, everyone that can do it should be doing it as much as they can. I'm doing it tonight. I gotta shoot something tomorrow. And I was like, I don't wanna look bloated. And then I was like, ah, I already look bloated. Who gives a shit?


People gonna recognize me if I'm not Bloated. Kind of bloated and a lot of water I Have to drink to keep up my personality. But what I would say about that point is simply to address the you. That is the problem. Which I would agree with. Yeah. It's best to do that. Not drunk. You're not the most objective version of yourself when you're trying to do some self-analysis is when you're feeling very confident and better looking than you are. We were In Orlando and I had tied one on really heavy the night before and we had to do a podcast at 8:00 AM and I sat down and I was off. I go, I need a six pack. And Tom's like, what are we doing here buddy? And I was like, you know, fuck you. And this was before the podcast. He's like, what? And I go Bring it up. Say something. I dare you. And then they bring in a thing and he goes, we think maybe it's a little early, have a beer.


I go, you know what? And then I went on this rant and then a few people that I really care about that are in recovery reached out really upset. And that bothered me. And then it went viral. And I was like, nah, fuck you. I would've never shamed you for it. Danny Trejo stood by me. He's like, yeah, you gotta fix problem in you. It's not the booze. And if it's not that it's gonna be jerking off or sex, we'll Just talk to anyone in their first year of sobriety. They're either fucking nonstop. They've started online gambling or something. The best feeling in the world is gambling. Oh, scary. The heart Race where you've had to battle it or no, no, no, No, no. Just when you got the nuts, your cards are on the table and another card lands and it's your card and you don't know what he has and your heart. Nothing in the world. Yeah. Would I trade for that moment?


I remember my number's 11. I always put money on 11 during the pandemic. I was in casino, I put a hundred dollars on 11. Lady had a mask on. All eye contact spins it. She's watching it. It hits 11. And I watch her eyes dark and me and her and that feeling of hitting 11. And I've had two children better than the birth of Keith. Sure, sure. It felt so good. I split it with her. Oh, beautiful. So that's a $3,600 payout. Yeah. And I, it's a 36 1. She should never split it with her. 'cause she doesn't get it. It goes to the fucking house. No, they get their tips. No, She puts it in the bucket. We're gonna fact check that. They gotta Get their chance. It's like if you gave money to a homeless guy on the side of the road and he goes, yeah, I'm gonna split it with all of us. You go, Ugh. Well I want you to have it. I get that. First of all, what scenario did you just paint? There's no way any dude is like, I'm sharing it with all these People.


I used to do a thing called waitstaff raffle. I just did it as a lark. I was the first time I ever sold out a show. It's the very beginning of me starting to sell tickets. And there was a snowstorm and I got bonused a hundred dollars. Or maybe it was more, but I had a hundred dollars in my said, I'm gonna give it to the whole staff. And then I realized, well that's only 10 bucks a person. It doesn't seem that big. And then I said, I'm gonna give it to one person. That's the thing I look for in life. If I'm addicted to anything, it's the sparkle of a moment, the sensation when you go for me. You know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so I said, you know what I'll do? And I got on stage and I said, here's the deal. This weight Jeff, they've been busting their ass. And they're gonna probably walk with maybe 120 bucks tonight, which is good money. But we can make one of them really feel the moment. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna pass around my hat and just put in whatever you have.


Don't take it away from your tip. Just if you got like 10 or 20 Yeah, just throw it in. Five bucks is fine. And I'm gonna put a hundred dollars in. Nice. And we got $700 that night. Wow. And we pulled a name out of all the wait staff. Oh, this is so fun. One girl came up on stage, starts crying. This is a fucking powerful moment. I don't know if you'll get it as much as me because you never a poor dad. But she said, I get to buy the nice car seat now. Aw. As a poor dad. I remember gonna target with Leanne when we were broke looking at car seats and you'd see the good car seat and you, this is my baby's life and I gotta get the cheaper one. 'cause I'm a fuckup. That's A lot. Wait, It gets better. Are you ready for this one? And you can find this one online. So I start doing it and it's fun. And I tell 'em, I said, we'll do it every show.


Five of you'll walk away with like a thousand bucks a night extra. And they loved it. And then we were in Louisville, Kentucky last show on Sunday and we've been doing it the whole week. And I pull the name. I go, Kevin, you don't want dudes to win. You don't want a guy To win, man. There's already a pay gap. Just go make some money. And he's black. You don't want black dudes to win. No. You don't want black dudes to win. Disagree. No, no. You're talking to a pro. I put my 10,000 hours and I'll tell you why. Okay. Okay. Black guys have a hard time with vulnerability. They try to be funny. They're not gonna share like a white chick or a black chick will share. Okay. Black guys are a little standoffish. But it's Kevin. I go, Kevin and I improved. A hundred percent wrong. Yeah. I Had a hunch that you were not on firm ground With his opinion. I was gonna Go down As a racist. I know. I was like, oh God, I'm gonna keep the money.


They've had enough. Yeah, they've been handed everything. Yeah. He fucking born on third base. I bring him up on stage and he is trying to hold it together and like good looking out. Thank you. You can find the video online. I'm gonna over exaggerate for you listening because I want you to feel it. But you can watch it. And it is just as moving. And I go, Kevin, you seem a little emotional. And he goes, no. Oh, I'm gonna get emotional telling you this. I said, buddy, I'm looking at you. What's going on? And he goes, no, I'm good. Thank you everybody. Thank you. And I said, what are you gonna do with this money? And he said, Saturday is my daughter's birthday. Now I get to throw her the party she wanted and I get to be the dad.


She thinks I am. Oh Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Dude stands up, walks a hundred dollars. Get that for your daughter. The whole fucking room starts coming out. Throwing money in. Fucking Oh my God. Fucking make it rain. It was awesome. We had wild moments doing that. That's what I love in life. Oh For sure. Okay. We must get to how you're here. So Tampa Jesuit School, shocker to me. Loved It. Define me. You Describe yourself as a dumb dumb all the time. Yeah. It's kind of part of your onstage persona. You can't get to a Jesuit school and be a dumb dumb. They specialize in making people very critical thinkers, challenging of opinions. You'd be Shocked at how many dumbs are in my phone right now.


They're all Jesuit Graduates. I mean the funniest dudes ever. My group of friends in high school, without a doubt, were the funniest individuals I've ever known in my life. So then you Go to Florida State, and this is important. You're there for how many years? Six or seven? Six and a half You six of his enrollment at Florida State. Rolling Stone is in search of the biggest party school. They do an article and they crown bur the hardest partying guy at the hardest party school. Stop. That's a crown. And you kind of have a moment of celebrity all of a sudden. And your sixth year, it's The best. It's my first taste of celebrity. I'll tell you. It was intoxicating.


And Clearly every kid on that campus read that article. It's everyone did biggest news possible that they got crowned That everyone did. So it was a different time then. I think the Real World and Road Rules was around. But celebrity wasn't as attainable as is now overnight. It changed my life. Every publication wanted to write about me. There were like these tabloid news shows that would happen at like five o'clock in the afternoon. American Journal. They all flew down. They spent time with me. Oprah wanted me and my parents to do it. Oliver Stone optioned the rights to my life. Stop. I met Oliver Stone. This Is the most bizarre. This is. It's the craziest set of life experiences you could ever imagine having. Especially as like a 25-year-old kid. I had no plans for anything. I didn't know what I was gonna do. I was figuring I'll move to Aspen and just try to work on a ski lift or something.


Live with my friends and then this happens. I still didn't know what to do with it. And then the article I'd said I wanted to do standup this radio show was like, yo, we'll let you do standup now. They were doing it to watch me fail. And then they'd have content for Monday. They put me last on the list of four professional touring comics at a place called Pop Bellies. Still there. I just went there the other day in Tallahassee and I did 20 minutes and it was stream of consciousness. Oh, I had nothing written. Scary. Was the house packed with your sold out now devotees from campus? No one would've been there if it wasn't me. It was all friends. I was in a group called Scalp Hunters, which were the heads of all attorneys. So all attorneys were there. I was with my dad when I did the Emily Arena in Tampa and Derrick Brooks. You know Derrick Brooks is? No A Hall of Famer. Played for the box, played at Florida State.


He says to my dad, he goes, it's amazing to see where he's at now from where he started. My dad goes, huh. And Derek goes, I was at his show at Potbelly's. Oh wow. I was like, shit. So yeah, it was crazy. But I did great. Radio show. Offered me a gig on their show. They're like, we thought you'd bomb. Why don't you come in, do Third Mike. Wow, This is nuts. 'cause normally you're chasing fame and it takes forever. And then you maybe get it or you don't. Fame found you. You're like, oh, I like this. How on earth do I keep this going? This sounds shallow. I don't know why. But when you're just like an average looking dude, you become funny. So people pay attention to you. And then when you're funny, people pay attention to you. But the thing you were looking for is what good looking guys have. Where people were like, what's that guy's name? I was never the guy where if you were with a group of girls, they're like, do you know who we have to set Jennifer up with?


And you'd be like, please say my name, please say my name. And they'd be like, Derek, he is hilarious. I'm like, Derek does fucking impressions of Ace Ventura. He's not fucking funny. And so then I remember eating at a blimpie's and these hot girls were staring at me. Perfect Location For the story. It could've been a better Location. Pop Bellies is the first fucking standup blimp is, Oh my God. My mom was obsessed with Blimpes. Oh, Blimpy's sub of Fucking legit. But I'm from Georgia. That's why Duluth, exactly. Nice. My wife's from Georgia. What part? Bowden. It's a really small redneck town. Sorry. Anyone from Bowden Listening? No. Shout Out. Anyway, fame felt good. Well, the gals were staring at you. Did they talk to You? Came over, sat down with us. It filled Holes that I didn't know I had, but I knew were there. Dude, we all want to be the gorgeous quarterback of the football team.


We want to know what it's like to just walk down the hall and people turn and they look at you. If a girl said she wanted to have sex with me, and this happened a couple times, especially in college, my initial thought was, what's wrong with her? Yeah. Because I go, that doesn't happen to Me. Yeah. Something's weird about this One. I mean, it was the craziest and the access you had to life. I remember ESPN sent two young actors down to hang out with me, shoot a commercial and party. One of those actors was Johnny Knoxville. Oh, come On. And this is like insane stories. The things that have happened to me in life just shouldn't track. And we partied. He showed me Camp Kill Yourself videos of them trying to break beer bottles on their head. And we took pills, we drank. He threw himself down a flight of stairs. We ended up dressed as women. The original Content house.


It was everything you wanted. You were a member of Jackass for a night. Yeah. It's probably five years before Jackass. I know this sounds fake. Johnny knows this is real. He was writing articles for Big Brother at the time and he pitched me jackass in his kitchen. Wow. Anyway, it filled holes. And so I moved to New York going like, the fame shit's for me. Yes. How do I get more of this? And I got a job at the Boston Comedy Club working the door to get stage time and I sucked. And I was like, okay, hold on. You had no friends there. And it looked like fame all of a sudden was really fading quickly. You know those pictures of Michael Little J. Fox and his brothers and sisters where they like start disappearing? Oh, And on Back to the future. The future. Yeah. It was just a picture of my head. Everything was gone. I was like, yo, if I don't get famous quick.


You realize you were on minute 17? Yeah. Of the 15 minutes. Oh, you're like Uhoh. I mean, I auditioned for MTV's who wants to be a vj. Do you remember that? Sure, sure. Yeah. Yeah. With Dave Holmes and Jesse. And then I started getting good at standup quicker than I should have. Well, let's just Talk about your dad though. One second. 'cause I know this part from when I was on your show. Your dad lets you have it at one point. Yeah. This to me, on the surface sounds like the wrong approach, but it really worked for you. Tell Monte what happened On my 26th birthday, I woke up no air conditioner in New York on a leather couch, hung over his shit. It's probably nine 30 and the phone rings. It's my dad. I caller id. He probably just wants to wish me happy birthday. I'll let him do it and I'll go back to sleep. I was like, Hey, what's up? He was like, you are a tremendous piece of shit.


And I was like, what? He goes, I just perjure myself in court. I have never perjured myself. The judge said, Mr. Kreer, how's your son doing in New York? And I said, fantastic, your Honor. That's a lie. You have no humility. You are a fucking party boy. You have nothing. You don't deserve what you have. He really broke me off. Now I'm sitting up sweating still. I go, it's my birthday. Yeah, daddy, that's a fair response, Daddy. It's my birthday. And he goes, I know what fucking day it is. Are you fucking kidding me? That's why I'm calling you. I remember saying, well, how do I fix it? And he goes, you can't. He goes, I fucked up and it's my problem. I'll deal with it. I'll help you out. We'll figure this out together. But just have fun. Be a party boy. And I was like, hold on. Oh, Even worse. He's resigned.


And by The way, he wasn't doing the fake thing of like He wasn't reverse psychology A stupid Dog. Yeah, yeah. He had like given up. You're a fucking mulligan. You're gonna be a failure forever. Let's game plan that. Yeah. I was like, dad, stop for real. I wanna fix this. And he goes, you don't have the skills to fix it. What you need is humility. That is what you don't have. You're too proud to do what someone that wants something will do. And he goes, it's my fault. You should have worked in warehouses. You should have done the hard work. You didn't do it. So I fucked up and I was like, hang on, this is like a rough one. I remember my sisters laughed out loud, but I told him, I go, tell me what I need to do. And he goes, if you want my advice tonight, you go to that comedy club you go to and you ask for a job. You tell him you'll do anything, you'll mop the floors. And I go, okay, I can't do it tonight 'cause I have a birthday party planned.


One more day is a piece of shit, please. It's like a junkie going, Can I party on the plane? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I already bought some. Can I get through that and we'll go to treatment after. He goes, You don't deserve a party. Oh man. He was fucking, he Goes, what are you celebrating? My sisters are like, that's so Dad right there. And he goes, you've got nothing. You are a piece of shit. That article was 20 months ago. It was, whoa. And I said, okay, I'll do what you said. What if they say no? And he goes, it doesn't matter. You just fucking go. So I went to the club, went if this guy Luis Shaer, I said, Hey, my name's Bur Re. And he goes, I know who you are. And I said, I would like a job. I'd like the opportunity to do standup. I came to be a standup. I'll clean up. I'll mop up. I'll put chairs out. I'll do whatever you want. And he said, can I give you my advice? And I said, sure. He said, move back to Florida. Ooh.


I was like, cool. So I went to the bag, it inn had a drink, went down to McDougle house, met my friends, celebrated my party. Woke up the next day, called my dad, and I was like, didn't work. And he goes, perfect. You show up again tonight. You say the same thing. And if he stops you, you say, here's the deal, buddy. I'm looking for an opportunity and I'm gonna keep asking you this question every single night for the rest of your God-given life until you gimme an opportunity. So I go, dad, I'm gonna look like a fool. He goes, no, no, no. He goes, I want you to think about a young black kid in Harlem who doesn't have everything that's been given to you and think how hard he's gonna fight for that opportunity. So you think how lucky you are. So I walked in the next night and I was like, Hey, Louis Shaver. My name's Bur er. And he goes, didn't I tell you to move back to Florida? I go, Hey man, here's the deal. Okay. My dad, dad called me a piece of shit yesterday.


I was supposed to have a party. I didn't even really get to have a party. It Was easier in College. This seems so much easier when it was given to me and working for it seems so difficult. And he said, I'll put you out front and you bark. If you can bring in 20 people, I'll give you 20 bucks. I'll give you a dollar for everyone you bring in and I'll put you on at the end of the night. And I went, deal. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Addie. Addie. That's that little pink pill, right? Oh, It sure is. Addie is the number one doctor prescribed FDA approved treatment to get this increase women's sex drive in certain premenopausal women who are bothered by low libido. This is very important, Which brings up a really interesting conversation. What do women want out of sex? I mean, it's different for men, right? Well, I'm not a man, so I guess I can't really speak to that. But for women it's definitely about pleasure and orgasms of course. But it's really more about the intimacy. Like being really excited about the person. Yes, totally. Yes. Be so into someone that you're like, let's do this. I want this. That's a good feeling. Well, Apparently there's a lot of women out there who struggle with low libido, but there's not enough honest conversation about it. Yeah. And women should know that there are options out there and we shouldn't be embarrassed to talk about it and get help. No way. It's your life. You deserve this. If you wanna learn more and get back to feeling like yourself, go to addie.com. That's a DD i.com. Addie or flibanserin is for premenopausal Women with acquired generalized hypoactive sexual desire disorder, HSDD, who have not had problems with low sexual desire in the past, who have low sexual desire, no matter the type of sexual activity, the situation or the sexual partner. This low sexual desire is troubling to them and is not due to a medical or mental health problem. Problems in the relationship or medicine or other drug use. ADDIE is not for use in children. Men are to enhance sexual performance. Your risk of severe low blood pressure and fainting is increased. If you drink one to two standard alcohol drinks close in time to your ADDIE dose, wait at least two hours after drinking, before taking ADDIE at bedtime. This risk increases if you take certain prescriptions, OTC or herbal medications or have liver problems and can happen when you take ADDIE without alcohol or other medicines. Do not take if you're allergic to any of addie's ingredients. Allergic reactions may include hives, itching, or trouble breathing. Sometimes serious sleepiness can occur. Common side effects include dizziness, nausea, tiredness, difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep. And dry mouth cfo, PI and medication guide, including box warning@addie.com slash pi.


We are supported by Quince. Something about the weather warming up makes you want to get outside and go somewhere new, doesn't it? It's the spring travel itch. Oh my gosh. It's Spring break is upon us. Whether you're in school or not, you should still take a spring trip. Yes. I'm taking the girls to Hawaii. If you've got spring break travel plans of your own, get where you're going in style by treating yourself to a first class quality suitcase at an economy price with Quince. Quince has premium luggage options and durable duffel bags to carry it all. We've told you before about how we love our apparel from Quince. So many cute things. The cashmere, it's so soft. Beautiful sweater. But also I have these knives from Quince. Oh, that are incredible. They do have really, really, really high-end products. They're the greatest. So you can get ready to head out with your quince luggage and stuff it with some fresh outfits from Quince and look amazing on your trip too. They've got it all. For your next trip, treat yourself to the Lux upgrades you deserve from quince. Go to quince.com/x for 365 day returns, plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/dax.


We are supported by Nutra fall. Nutra fall is the number one dermatologist recommended hair growth supplement brand trusted by over one and a half million people see thicker, stronger, faster growing hair with less shedding in just three to six months with neutrophil hair thinning is very common in both men and women. From stress and nutrition to hormones and lifestyle, so many internal factors affect what you see on the outside. Neutro Fall's physician formulated a hundred percent drug-free ingredients work to support healthy hair growth from within targeting root causes of hair thinning at their source. In fact, we're both trying Neutra fall to check it out for ourselves. And I'm loving the results. I know I can tell the difference. Yeah. And the thickness also, we just talked about a woman who had the longest hair in the world and she's probably on It minimally. She should turbocharge it with some Nutri Fall. Yes. For a limited time Nut Nutri Fall is offering arm Cherry's $10 off their first month subscription and free shipping when you go to nut nutri fall.com and enter the promo code Dax, find out why over 7,500 healthcare professionals and stylists recommend Nutri Fall for healthier hair nutra fall.com. Spelled N-U-T-R-A-F-O l.com. Promo code Dax.


If you're a comedy fan, this is fascinating. Two things happened that night. Patrice O'Neal, rich Vos, Jim Norton, and I think Bobby Kelly were standing on the side of the street. Do you know Patrice O'Neal is? I Know Patrice. Patrice was cat calling women. Now I'm working the street and I don't know these guys at all. And I said, I can't believe you think that would work because I've never seen a cat call because I go in Florida, it's about foot traffic. We don't have that. Yeah, right. And so he goes, shut the fuck up. And I was like, that's not how you'd hit on a woman. It sounds aggressive. She was like, what would you do? And a beautiful woman, probably 35. And I had to talk to her anyway because I, to try to get her to a club. I said, you look tired. Why don't I take you out and I'll buy you a glass of wine. I'll listen to your day. And she went, so I'm okay. And they made fun of me. Yeah.


Yeah. She heard them make fun of me. And she came back. She goes, you know what? I'll take you up on that glass wine. What? And I looked at her and I went, I can't. I don't have know. I don't know. I go, I just got my dream job. My dad called me a piece of shit yesterday. Everything's working out. I can't throw it away for you. Yeah. And I went, I can't. And she went For real? And I went, no. And she walked away. And I went, fuck Louis Shaver's. Like, you got a job. He's like, you come every night. We'll put you up. Wow. Six months later, will Smith discovered me, gave me a development deal, and I moved out here. Holy shit. I'm sorry to run my own interview this. But I'll tell you the thing that I think is interesting in this. Now I'm on the track to fame development deal. Hang out with Will Smith all the time. He's introducing me to everyone is his guy. I'm like famous right there. It's gonna happen again. I get a TV show, the FX X Show, and I'm on TV every night.


Things are happening. I'm meeting Sammy Hagar slash and I'm meeting famous people. And one day I'm sitting in my car on the corner of Franklin by Vine. Kind of beautiful winter day in LA In the morning I'm driving the set of a Jason Williams jersey on white chocolate. Jason Williams. Fuck yeah. When he played for the Kings. Yeah. Yeah. I'm in my expedition, Eddie Bauer. Oh. Listening to Ja Rule. Oh fuck. Yeah. Don't, Don't, don't, don't. And I'm like, this is it. And I go, I thought I'd be happier. I guess it wasn't fame. I've got all the things I want. I have a development deal at Fox that's ending. I have one that's starting up again at CBS. I have a TV show. I'm doing everything I've ever wanted to do. You're Still doing standups throughout This? No. And so I lose it all. Meet Leanne.


Fall in love. What do you mean you lose it all? Fire. It just goes away. Shows Aren't hits. What age was that? 27 is that day. And then I meet Leanne at 29 now from 27 to 29, I get back into standup Really aggressively. Yeah. You're like, this is what brought me to the party the first time. The lesson my dad gave me about humility. It was the biggest thing that ever helped. 'cause I was cool with sucking my pride in, I called it the improv. And now I've been on television shows. There's cache for a comedy club. And then Aaron's like, yeah, I can't really just give you spots, but if you want, I'll let you host. Hosting in LA is frowned upon. Back in the day, it was meaning That's not what a real comedian does. The first time I did it, my wife brought her best friend and a few friends and her best friend said in front of everyone, I didn't know you were gonna host.


Let us know when you do standup next time. Oh, absolutely. And I was like, okay. Stung. And I started hosting, this is what I gotta do. This is what I gotta do. And I just kind of worked my way back up. And then I got an opportunity to host in Ontario, which was a bigger opportunity. And then I met a couple guys and then I started touring and going out on the road and everything was going great. But not making any money. 700 bucks a week. You gotta pay managers and agents and you gotta pay for travel and sometimes lodging. It's gone. It's gone. But then I married Leanne and we were broke. So broke. I didn't know we were broke. One day she sent me the store to get milk and I got a gallon of milk and I bought a tall boy with Fosters. I was listening to Spoon. That's the way we'll get by. And I was on my skateboard and I was skating and we lived on Detroit Street and I was the happiest I'd ever been.


This is fucking it broke no fame, but in the throes of standup. So good at standup at that time, two kids, my wife worked for the buildings. We had a great apartment and I had a tall boy of Fosters and I was like, Leanne might be pissed that I bought beer with whatever money she sent me to the store with. Yeah, yeah. And Leanne happened to be watching me skate home when I got upstairs. She was like, don't ever lose whoever just walked in that door. Aw. And I was like, yeah, that's what you want. The fame wasn't the thing. And I didn't know that it was the work. Work doing standup was the thing I loved. Yeah. Purpose. The purpose. Now listen, I am famous now and I fucking love it. Access to anything is good. Exactly. Well, I would argue to your particular version of fame is really fun. 'cause you're a good time, Charlie, you're like a turnkey.


When you show up, people like, oh, we're partying. That's the association. Yeah. So generally when people see you, they're fucking pumped to have a good time I love to have a good time. When does this standup take off where you're headlining and you're starting to make good money? I Worked for Travel Channel for like eight years. You would go to amusement parks and stuff. You would go on thrill rides, you jumped off the stratosphere and you're afraid of all this stuff. Yeah. Eight years. I did that for three years and then I did another show called Trip Flip for four years. I was also a little bit of like a rover for them. They needed someone to do something. They could plug me in. I was always good with ad sales. I could help sell Carnival Cruises. And then they go, let's just do a show about Carnival Cruises. We got money from Carnival Cruises. I got fired from that. For a specific reason or just It ran its course?


No, it just ran its course. I was like, I would sign deals. The always says don't stay fired, but that's what it feels like. They just didn't renew your deal. The lady called me and she was like, Hey, I think we're done working with you. We're not gonna renew your deal. She had never worked with me. She was a new president. She was like, so good luck. Really cold. I could take back one conversation in the world. It would be that one. So I was like, okay, but you know, I don't wanna work with anyone else. Like I was just so needy. Yeah, of course. Yeah. Yeah. Scared My Showtime special was coming out. This is 2016, The machine. Yeah. That's the game changer, right? Not yet. Here's what happened. I had the deal over at NBC. I lose interest in that. I'm kind of going through, I guess, what is depression. I find out. I mean, I don't know what depression feels like for real people, but my thing of it where it just sucks a Little bit. You went down to a 7.5 for a couple weeks?


Yeah, I was spending longer on the toilet than I normally do. I was only able to sleep nine hours uninterrupted last night. I put a lot of chips in this special, the machine. I was like, this is gonna pop. They told me when I shot it, they're like, Hey, can we do one version with your shirt on? When did that start? Were you doing stand up with your shirt off? I couldn't tell you exactly. I would say probably 12 years ago. I was in Dayton, Ohio. It was not a sold room. It was like 75 people. And I was like, this is not where I wanna be in life, let alone this actual place. And Doc brought me a six pack of beer in a bucket and he is like, have fun tonight. I heard it as fucking good luck. And I thought, man, these people paid money. They don't deserve to see me get upset and say I'm not happy.


So I got on stage and Doc was in the booth. He was playing Ram Jam, black Betty, Hey Buddy Ham, hell, black Betty. The pacing to walk to stage is pretty awesome. And it fired me up and I got up there and I went, fuck this. And I ripped my shirt off. 75 people went nuts. I think I murdered six beers in a row back to back to back to back to back. Because I kept looking at Doc, I go one more. And the place was like, yeah. Yeah. And it was a Thursday night. One show You were like Steve Austin, stone Cold, That energy. And it started that night. I've been doing it ever since. It's so weird how you can stumble into these things that are such signature. I do the Showtime special shirtless this, back when changing a channel was a thing for anyone listening, there was a thing you'd hold in your hand and there was a plus and a minus sign, and you decide to go up a channel or down a channel if you, you didn't like what you saw, and mostly you spent the entire two hours flicking.


Yeah. You never even watched a whole thing. This is the difference in media. Not to get too heady on this. When you had that remote in your hand, you were Caesar. Yeah, you were thumbs up, thumbs down. So now the thing in traditional media where you have the remote in your hand and your Caesar and a guy shirtless comes on stage and you go, oh fuck. That click is the exact opposite on the internet. You see a guy with your shirt off and you go, wait, what's that Clay? Yeah. Interesting. And so I shot the machine lowest special they'd ever had on Showtime. Oh. Oh no, they told you that. How did you even find that out? They told us and they were like, you know, you could help to promote it. I was like, huh. And like it's tracking to be the lowest we've ever done. Oh, I heard someone say this at Oscars. Success in Hollywood means I get to work again. I get to keep working.


Exactly right. Yes. That's, but this meant I might not keep working. Yeah. Last special you'll ever have. Now I look at my tour dates and I have no tickets sold. And then like, you know, you gotta fix this somehow. And I was like, Oh my God. Now at the time I was supposed to do a tour with Tommy. It was funnier die. I was supposed to do four weekends. Sebastian, Tommy, fluffy Dane, I think was on Eliza. It was gonna be fun. I was getting paid $2,000 a weekend, which isn't bad money. And then they pulled my weekends and I told Tom and I was like, it's so crazy, man. They pulled my weekends and he was like, holy shit man, that's a lot of money. And I went, well, it's only like $2,000. He goes, 2000 a show. I said, no, 2000 for the weekend. And he goes, no, I think you got that wrong. I go, wait, what are you getting paid? Oh no. Oh no. With boys, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I was like, I don't know if I want to tell you. And I was like, why?


And he goes, I'm afraid it'll fuck up our friendship. So I'm sitting there in my man Cave, I'm like, all right, gimme a second. I go, can I be happy for this man's success? And what's the price point where I can be happy? And where's the price point where I'm gonna be like, okay, fuck that guy. Yeah. So in my head I go, if he's getting 20,000 for the weekend, I'm happy for him. I said, what are you getting? And he goes, I'm getting 20,000. I went, cool. And he goes, A show. A show, a fucking show. I go, you're making 80 gram on these weekends. And he was like, I told you didn't one time. Yeah. And I was like, I already decided, we're friends. So I'm like, okay, I'm cool. Oh wow. But then in that time, we're doing a little podcast called Rogan, which at the time is not what it is today. Meaning you are appearing on it.


Yeah. And Rogan loves that. We're fat shaming. So Tom and I go on, we talk about the fat shaming. He goes, why don't we do weigh-ins at the end of the year, January 1st, second and third, we'll do three sets of weigh-ins. That's three episodes of Rogan back to back to back where people are tuning in. 'cause we've talked about it. You guys do the weight loss challenge, see who loses the most weight in December. So I'm like, okay, my special bombed. So I'm trying to figure out how to rebound. I go, I know how to edit. Can I get the raw file on my special? And I edit out four clips to post on Facebook, Twitter. I've learned it all. I've learned how to make graphics. I write my own graphics. I post the machine story December 27th, me and Tom go in to do weight loss challenges on the first and second. And during that week, the machine story goes viral.


I'd never experienced anything like it. And that first week in Jersey at the Stress Factory, which staff raffle, that was the first club I sold out. And I said to them on Saturday night, I go, why are you guys here? And someone goes the fucking machine. And I go, I retired that. And he goes, the fuck you did tell it? That's the only reason we're here. Yeah. Yeah. So I told the machine at that moment, 2017, that first weekend, January 8th, ninth, 10th, I've sold out every show I've ever done. God, that's only eight years ago. I Got it late in life. Which is the best thing that can happen. That's great. Yeah, because you're so rich now. Oh, you're so rich. You can Google it. I'm gone now. Okay. So really quick, I wanna know. So you've since done, I guess, five standup specials. This will be your fourth on Netflix.


You had the Showtime one, you had a couple on Comedy Central last year when you toured, did you do a full tour last year? Yeah. Yeah. Last year was my arena tour. Okay. So how many dates did you do? I don't know. I do more dates than the average comic, which is fascinating. 'cause if you look at when they post all our earnings, you know, top 10 most earning comics. Yeah. You look where I am and you're like, wow, that's impressive. But then when you look at the other comics and you're like, oh, Chappelle only did 13 dates, That's Not that impressive. That's the thing. It's like deceptive about those things. Sure. Well, who cares? You can get it anyway. Yeah, who Cares. But I work a lot. I always do. Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, three weeks a month with maybe a week off. I would go out Wednesday, do first weekend. So do You fly to meet your tour bus?


I fly to meet my tour bus. Okay. And then Monday I'd fly to go see Tommy in Austin. We do podcast Tuesday. And then I leave Tuesday night to go meet the tour bus. I do another run. I then fly out to do more podcasts or fly back to Do Pocket and then go back out and meet my tour bus. Oh my God. This schedule, geez, this is a Lot. When you don't have anything, not say I didn't have anything, but when you wanted the success, you wanted the fans, you wanted the opportunity to do standup all over the country and have people show up. When it shows up, you're like, I am not letting go of this. I look at like NFL players and they have all their great years when they're 22, 23, 24. Oh yeah. It's heartbreaking. I'm so lucky to have them at 49, 50, 51, 52 to a movie. And then you're getting all these opportunities.


You just don't wanna say no. You're like, fuck yeah man. Let's get after it. And you don't feel overwhelmed by all those commitments overshare. Yeah, please do. A year ago, we're closing out our festival and the girls in Leanne were like cut the shit. If I'm not mistaken, I think they had a bed for me at Betty Ford. Oh yeah. Those are hard to come by, by the way. Yeah. And I had to talk with me, but they're like, dad, he can't stop working. He can't stop drinking. He can't stop eating. I was 285 pounds. And I saw it in me first. And I said to myself, let me get through this tour and then I'm gonna stop. I'm gonna take some time off and I'm gonna clean my lifestyle up and I'm gonna still work. No booze, eat keto, lose weight. And what's crazy is randomly a friend of ours was going a little harder than I was.


And he took that bed and no one said anything to me. But I had already quit drinking like 13 days before. Everyone was chomping at the bit to tell me, but I'd already got in front of it. And then I quit drinking for like three months. I lost 55 pounds. I got in really good shape. And I started touring again. And I was doing it in a very healthy manner. But what was happening was, I've never really taken a break. Don't You think it's also dangerous when you have this thing to lean on, which is like something's working so well in your life. You're like, yeah, I'm drinking more than I should, but everything's going exactly how I would want. It's very hard to confront when everything's working. It's wildly difficult to tell someone that's bringing in millions of dollars that what They're doing isn't working. Yeah. No one touches the golden goose. Even if the golden goose bites you in the dick a couple times.


But at the end of July, they were witnessing the same. I just shot my special. And they're like, what are you gonna do? Are you going back on the road? And I planned a European tour and they're like, dad, why don't you take some real time off? Get grounded. And I didn't understand that getting grounded meant getting really lost. In order to get grounded, you gotta be scared. Yeah. With all the distractions gone. And you have to sit with yourself. So I took a break, and in taking a break, I was like, yo, I'm very fucked up. I need distractions. I need something in front of me. I need a goal. I need to sell some tickets. I gotta write a script. And my wife's like, no, no, you're not doing anything. You can do podcasts, but that's it. I've been off in a ditch trying to figure myself out. And then just recently we got that bench press competition, all of a sudden started writing.


So I had a goal. I understood goals and I was like, cool. And then I had a show, by the Way, you just have to set goals on the personal frontier. Like you can still be goal driven, just Can't be externally motivated. But you Yeah, They're all for me, the creative frontier. I can set goals creatively, but like personally, I go, I don't know, man. My wife and I got in couples therapy that helped immensely. We're not having a problem. We did it because I'm home for the first time. Yeah, yeah. My girls are gone. It's me and her. We have a joke where when we wake up, instead of saying, I love you, she just goes, you again. Huh. And so couples therapy started really opening my eyes to some shit about me. I mean, I think she got me into couples therapy just to get me into therapy.


That's Pretty common. I know a few women who who've done that. He's not gonna go solo. So I guess I'll have to fucking sit through his session. Oh Dude. I smoked her on the first one. Fucking killed it. It's intense. No, I smoked her. Oh, he lost so bad. I look at it win or lose. Yeah, of course. Everything's competition. Yeah. By the way, if he cries in couples therapy, that's a Cheat. It's a fucking Cheat. No, it's a cheat. Cheat. Can you cry? Fair catch. And then catching and run. Yeah. I go, no, if you cry goddam, It's over. That's your fault for not being able to sit through her crying. I said, this is kind of an unfair therapy. 'cause she's crying. She goes, unfair. Yeah. It's like, that's my feeling. You want me to cry? Well, I can easily whip up some tears. Show me a commercial. Yeah. Lemme Tell you about a soft drink, A Grateful Dead song.


But on the first therapy, we were in there, Leanne just really loves therapy. She's talking and talking and I'm just trying to feel it out. And I went say something, Leanne cut me off. And the lady goes, do you ever let him talk? And I was like, take the win. I was like, I'm just gonna sit back in the cut. And I like, seldom, ah, you've been with me for what? An hour. And I let you say a fucking word. Yeah. Yeah. So you were playing A game. She smoked me a couple times. Okay, good. You Sure? And I know this next week, I'm definitely gonna fucking lose. I'm going in just taking a knee because She's got some real things to report. What'd you do? It was a good one. I can't even talk about it. 'cause I gotta let it happen first and then run it by Leanne because it was a real one and it wasn't my fault, but I was like, I don't know.


But it was, I really wish talk about it was your fault. I mean, we brought it up in front of friends the other day and it started again. Oh yeah. And I went, oh. I was like, okay, maybe I can't make a joke outta this one. Can't make a joke outta everything. Like my daughter got her period. I talked about it on stage. Yeah. What is the vibe at home? 'cause almost all your stories involve your wife and your girls, and you do an impression of your wife. It varies wildly throughout the show and you acknowledge it. How comfortable are they? What's that dynamic like? It's interesting, when I started doing standup and using social media, it wasn't a thing yet. There was no chance of your family seeing, no one was doing specials just on the road, talking shit about your family. That's right. And the harder it went, the funnier it went. I remember telling the first joke I told that caught traction.


George and Ila were laughing one morning early in the morning. And I said, whatcha guys doing? They're like, you gotta see baby ALA's new trick. I go, what is it? She's like, it's not that funny if I tell you you gotta see it. I said, okay. So Isla is three at the time, takes her fingers, shoves it up her ass and puts it in the dog's mouth. Oh My God. Yeah. Wow. They figured that out. They Turned into a good bit. And I told it. And then by the way, I go to do a special, they're only like five and seven. Tell it again, they're not gonna hear it. And then do another one. And then they're seven and 10, and then they're 10 and 13. And the first time it bit me in the ass was the period party. I mean, it's like such a good bit. It writes itself. I didn't have to do anything. It was presented to me as a fucking banger on a silver platter.


13 years old kid gets her period at school, calls dad and says, Hey, go to the store and get a red velvet cake. I'm throwing a period party tonight. I'm like, I okay, It's on. Yeah, yeah, It's great. And so I tell it on Conan, oh, She didn't like that. Oh Boy. Well, anytime school mates can get wind of it, that's what you don't want them to have to deal with. Conan walks in and he is like, Hey man, how are the girls? And I said, good, good. And I said, I just got her period. And he went, oh. I said, yeah, you tell me. I go, we had a period party. And he is like, wait, what? And I tell him the story. He goes, whoa, whoa, whoa. Save it. Can you tell it on stage? And I was like, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because you're like, you wanna do well? Yes. You wanna make Conan happy. And then that night Ala watched it. How are you girls? Good. Ala just got her period. She had pause. She goes, do people watch this? Oh no. I was like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


She was like, how many? And I said a lot. She was like, well, people in my school see this. And I was like, yeah, probably. She was like, wait, let me see the rest. Take it back. And then I was like, Oh my God. She was fine. I could tell something was off. And then the next morning Leanne was like, ILA, I need you to see something. And it was a flood of emails of little girls going, thank you. You're my hero. Thank you so much for sharing. Oh, Okay. So it had a positive ending. I Just got my period today. My dad's throwing a period party for me. I put my finger in my ass, then put it in the red vet cake, and then the dog hate it. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's much worse than the period party. But that's three. That's three i'd. You can get away with that at Three. That's true. That's fine. And then the last special, or maybe the one before, she had a line that I wanted to use so bad. It was so good.


You Ran it by her. And she said, no, I didn't even Run it by her. She saw my set. The girls now come and vet my sets. Oh, okay. Okay. That's Fair. They've learned They were at the forum with notebooks going, Nope. She's like, Hey, you can't put that in the special. I go, but you said it. She goes, I know, but I I said it to you. She goes, I can't be the person that said that out loud to everybody. Yeah, yeah. And I was like, baby, I'll give you 20 grand. She was like, no. And I just kept going up. Good for her. Yeah. Them and Leanne, initially, when I was doing it at the forum, I'd done so much of this shit about Leanne that it kind of came out Angry ish. Yeah. Angry. Yeah. Yeah. And they were like, yo, dad, you're losing your smile in this joke. And then my director said that to me, and my best friend who produces my specials, he goes, yeah, man.


The smile's gone. Like, I think you've been doing it too much. You need to stop and then find it again. And so I got the smile back for it because I talk shit about 54. Oh, almost throw up saying it. 54 4 women. Yeah. Yeah. If you don't make that fun, it does sound like you're shitting on women aging. No, We need to know at all times. You're deeply in love with Leon. It's a fine line to walk. My danger isn't politics and my danger isn't racial shit. And they may have been at times in my career. I mean, I have a political joke in the special, but I don't give a shit. No one's gonna fucking lead me for it. Well, You'll love it. He takes a very pro-choice stance on behalf of Yeah. Well, You're not gonna love it. Love it. Yeah. Yeah. You're gonna also dislike some of it. Okay. Cool. Cool, Cool. So you actually watched the special Yeah.


Yeah. Watching last night. Of course. Yeah. Thank. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. So I love Bert Kreischer finder of things. This is your self-proclaimed identity marker. And I think this is the funniest trait to have. How does one come to this realization that this is your knack? It's a little bit of delusion. When I was 14 years old, we were in Anna Maria Island. I was with the RA family. We were in chest high water. And Benny RA said, oh shit, I just lost my ring. And I went, really? And I had this feeling that God whispered in my ear, you'll find it. And I swear to God, I went over to where he was. I put my foot down and I stood on his ring. Wow. And you're a hero. I went underwater and I grabbed it.


And this is my thing. I love the sparkle. I said, uncle Benny, what are you gonna say to me if I say, I have your ring in my hand right now? He said, I'll tell you right now, if you are holding my ring in your hand, you are my favorite child in this water and I love you more than my son. Ah, great. Boom. And he went, how the fuck did you do that? And I go, I don't know. And my whole life, I've been able to do that my fucking whole life. If you lose something, I have a weird confidence where I just go, I'll find it. And by the way, also, I'll put in the work to find it. Some people go, oh, let's look. And then they don't really look. And I go, you're not really committed to this finding. Yeah. Oh my God. Well, and you have to. 'cause it's now an identity marker. Yes. If you don't find it, you don't know who you are. Now I'm Gonna tell you, this is a wild one. 15 years ago, back when SeaWorld was acceptable to people, we went to SeaWorld San Diego when You could go guilt free.


Yeah. When you were like, that was cool. Shamu rocks. He looked happy. Since we don't have cmu, have you noticed the orcas are acting up a little bit. You think they want Jammu Mac? And I think they might have found out what we did, and they're not afraid of us anymore. Interesting. There's a lot of theories out there, but we have not considered that. Shamu went and told Everyone. It's like, remember your friend who's liked a cigarette in his bedroom? You're like, what are you doing? She's like, that bitch won't do shit to me anymore. I'm 15. What's she gonna say? Fuck you old lady. And that's the orcas. Yeah. They're like, spill bridge Kids. Yeah. They're like, wait, we're bigger and smarter than these People. Anyway, we go to SeaWorld and we're walking through the parking lot and I find a diamond ring with an engrave man in it. And I go, well, that's crazy. So I'm gonna give this back to the person. I'm gonna Find the person that this Is. And Leanne said, honey, I call SeaWorld and I go, lost and found.


They go, yeah, yeah. No one reported a ring. Just drop it off. I go, no, no, no, because I don't trust you guys. I already See what you're doing. Oo. You're not a house of ethics here. By the way. Twitter's not even around yet. Probably a year later, I post a clip. I hold onto this ring. I'm like, Hey, I found a ring at SeaWorld. It's got an engrave and it's rubies and a diamond. It's a really nice ring and it's expensive. And I go, if you lost this ring, find me. My daughter comes in, she's young, she's dressed as a kitty cat. It's a cute video. Radio silence. At one point. We're really low on money. And Leanne goes, if we sell this ring, it could get us outta the hole. And I said, that's not our ring to sell. That's someone's ring that I'm holding until I give it to them. This is like a George Stanza type storyline. AI delusional.


It's very endearing. I go on podcasts, I talk about the ring, I talk about the fucking ring everywhere. Sure. I have this ring. I'm pretending to hold it in my hand right now. 2000, 27 years later, my wife calls and says, someone reached out about the ring. Oh My God. I Said, for real? She goes, yeah. She says, it's her mother's ring. She knows the inscription. And she lives in San Diego. And she would like to come to your show. I have a show there. And if she gives you the right inscription, then it's obviously her ring. This woman comes up with her husband, she's emotional. And she goes, I think you have my mother's ring. What's the inscription? She goes, the inscription is in cursive. It's LH plus. Those are my parents' initials. And I go, here's your mother's ring.


You Didn't make her go. What are you gonna say if I, because you like to do that part. You like a lot of acclaim. I Go, here's your mother's ring. Do you think your mother would be happy that I gave you her ring back? Okay. So a little bit of that. She looks at me, she goes, my mother's a cunt. Oh my God. She goes, I swear to God. Oh my God. She died. And she gave me this one ring. And I hated my mother. And I was at SeaWorld and I fell outta my purse. And I said, she fucking lost this ring. 'cause she hated me and she wanted to prove me a lesson. And I go, really? And I go, whatcha gonna do with the ring now? She goes, I'm a fucking sell it. And I went, wow. She could've sold the goddamn ring. You could've helped us. Wow. Kids could have gone a private school. Wow. Would a turn almost if she said like, I threw that away in a parking lot. So I'd never hear about it or see it again.


I Didn't wanna be reminded of her. Yes. You keep talking about it. I have always found shit. You know what I'm doing to promote this special. And my wife thinks I'm a lunatic. I see pennies all the time. I always pick up pennies. Look, This is the 8-year-old. Yeah. It's inside of You's. If you can get me into a game, you have bur loss for the day. I'm set. So I got a hundred dollars worth of pennies. That's a lot of fucking pennies. Oh my God. It's too many pennies. 10,000 pennies. I'm throwing them all over the city. I put 'em in front of people's cars. So when they go to their car, they're like, Hey, good luck. I don't know if it works or not, but maybe. Okay. That's A nice gesture. Yeah, I like that. If you can gamify life, come on, Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by a ZipRecruiter. Oh, get recruiting. You've heard of speed dating, right? Well, if you're the owner of a growing business, what if there was a feature like speed dating only for hiring? In other words, you can meet several interested, qualified candidates at once all at a designated time. Well, good news, there is it's zip intro from ZipRecruiter. You can post your job today and start talking to qualified candidates tomorrow. And right now you can try zip intro for free at ziprecruiter.com/dax. Zip intro gives you the power to quickly assess excellent candidates for your job via back to back video calls. You simply pick a time and zip intro. Does all the work of finding and scheduling qualified candidates for you, then you can choose who you want to talk to and meet with great people as soon as the next day. So easy. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with new zip intro. Only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ziprecruiter.com/dax. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/dax. Zip intro. Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates. Tomorrow


we are supported by better help. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session, which adds up fast. But with better help online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session. And you know people don't have any problem investing into their physical health. Yeah. And I sure would like to see them have that same willingness to invest in their mental health with better help. You pay a flat fee for weekly sessions. Saving you big on cost and time therapy should feel accessible. Not like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything. From anxiety to everyday stress, your mental health is worth it. And now it's within reach. With over 30,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join a session with the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. Plus switch therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help hlp.com/dax.


We are supported by Peloton. Peloton has what you need to achieve your fitness goals no matter why you got started. Rob, you're a Peloton devotee. How often? I am five times a week on that Peloton. Ooh. Five times a week. And what kind of changes have you noticed? I Mean, my endurance. I can go longer after doing it started at 20 minutes and now I'm doing 45 minutes sessions. Oh Yeah, girl. Also, I noticed your legs and haunches look gorgeous. Peloton has a variety of challenging classes and training programs. Pilates 5K, 10 k half, and full marathon programs, yoga and strength training. Peloton will push you to achieve your goals. I sneak over to my friend who has a Peloton. I sneak over there and I get and I workout. It's so nice. Yeah, it's It is also like elegant. Yeah, It is. Peloton has thousands of members whose lives have been changed by the workouts, experiences, and community. Join them today. Find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


At this point, what generates more income for you doing standup or the podcasts? Standup. I go back on tour. I haven't announced it. I'll say it. I have a new tour called Permission to Party. Which You came up with in an interview you were doing. I did. I was talking to this guy and he goes, I'm kind of confused. I've been to one of your shows. These guys are taking their shirts off and they're not in great shape. And they're watching the whole show shirtless. And they're with their wives and they're getting hammered. And he is like, why you? And I said this for real. I was like, I've always given people permission to party. I've always been the guy that at like a kid's birthday party, they're like, yo, are you gonna ask for beer? 'cause we're all winning a beer Sunday morning. No one wants to be here. I had the same role. I would always show up at my friend's house with a six pack and they were like, oh, this is great.


You brought a six pack. We're doing this. Yeah. Like, yes. I would go first all the time. I Love it. I wasn't gonna drink this weekend, so I was like, ah, I'm gonna get ready for the month. We just flew in from Spain Saturday. It's four o'clock. It's beautiful Saturday. Remember, Saturday was a good one. Yeah. I got Really warm. Dan goes, I could have a glass of rose now. I'll never say no to a glass of rose ever in my life. If I get sober, if you offer me Rose, I'll still drink it. Yeah. I love Rose. It's A good one. Oh my God. It's very Refreshing. It creeps up on you so quick. Oh, the pandemic. We drink so much Rose. I drink so much Rose during the pandemic. Oh my God. At one point I go, am I just drinking perfume? Exactly. Can I tell you how much rose they drank? Oh my God. Because we all hung out here.


There's a liquor store that's two and a half blocks away. And I would get on my motorcycle and we started this thing where they would time me to see how fast I could arrive back at the house with four bottles of rose. Hold on. Am I finding my people? The Final One was sub two minutes. It was like a minute and 45 seconds. I was back. And then I got back and I was like, I gotta call it at that. I ran the red light. I was going 95 miles an hour on Franklin. I left the gate open so I could blow in. That's how bad we needed it. We sent an alcoholic to go kick up our wine On a motorcycle. Can I tell you what I just discovered this year? Yeah. Campari Spritz. I don't know if I like Campari. I'm gonna have to try it. Campari Tastes a little earthier.


So when I was a kid, there was a commercial Campari on ice. Oh, so nice. And I remember going, Ooh, I wanna get into Campari as a kid. What is Campari? You Had a big dream. Is that a brand or a type of alcohol? It's Aif, I think. And it's basically a lour, but it's got a very earthy taste to it. Two parts Prosecco. Two parts. Campari Splash of soda water. Wow. I think you should make that tonight. I'm going to Sunset Tower tonight. And so maybe I Oh Good. Can you, can I, okay. Can we start a game? Sure. Because once again, if you gamify life, this will be so fun. We gotta do a three-way text. 'cause I can't text. Great. That's creepy. If I'm like, what are you fucking the old vice president, Mike, what's his name? Pence. Pence. Oh yeah. Mike Pence can't be in a room with a woman other than his wife. Unless someone else is to Be very clear.


Yeah. Yeah, you are. I never, but we should do a group text. A group text where we text each other what to drink. Maybe we're emotional cheating in that. Then I'm like, I wanna be where she is. Yeah. You'd be like, oh, I killed for That. They don't have that at my bar. Wait, what Bar are you at? Yes. I had a very attracted female comic. She goes, you know, I really like you. And I was like, thanks. She's like, I feel like we connect. And I go, we kind of do. She was like, would you be my drinking buddy? Sometimes I wanna go get a drink, but I don't wanna get hit on. And I kind of just wanna have a buddy that I can talk shit with and talk shit about comedy. Would you be my drinking buddy? And I was like, yeah. So then one night met home and Leanne, it's like eight o'clock at night and I get a call from her. I go, Hey, what's up? She goes, Hey, I'm going out. You wanna come meet me up? I was like, yeah, done.


And I hit it. I go, Hey, I gotta go. She's like, what's going on? I was like, what's her name? Said we're gonna go out. And Leanne's like, I go on a date and I go, no, just me and her. She's like, we're gonna a drink. And Leanne's like, hold on, you're not going out drinking with just a random woman. And I go, found a random woman. I've known her for eight years. She's my drinking buddy. We connect. I had to call her back and go, my wife won't let me come. Yeah, I'll tell you a person. For real. She'd admit this. She'd make fun of me for saying this. Whitney Cummings and I have a real connection as comics, almost like brother and sister. She is really close with my daughters. Really close to my wife. But I will tell you this, and this is my perspective, or more importantly, it's Leanne and her boyfriend. Chris's perspective. If we go out on a double date, Whitney and I just take off on our own.


We went to the Greek to go see Sturgill and both of them were looking at us like, are you guys together? Are we gonna be here? And then we went to her kids' birthday party and Whitney and I just took off. Now let me ask you this though. 'cause my wife is so grateful for that. I have several friends that are female that I get on with like that. And my wife is like, Oh my God, thank God I don't have to receive all of his energy tonight. It's on someone else's play and he needs to talk so fucking much. And I don't want to talk that much. She's like grateful for it, Leanne. I'm trying to bite my tongue. It's hard because I'm trying to say like the first time Leanne saw me and Whitney hang out, and now Whitney is like a sister to me. Yes. And I mean that for real. My daughters call her Aunt Whitney.


You got her name tattooed on your back. Like you're bro. Yeah. You went to Dr. Wu whatever. My wife's like, you can't ignore it. 'cause you guys are good together. So she's like, if you have a show, you need to hire her as your wife or your sister. You need to work together. Yes. She was like, but remember your chemistry is just funny. She's like, if you fucked her, she wouldn't like it. Yeah. Don't get confused. Yeah, Don't get confused. I really honestly love Whitney like a sister. So you Text her, right? Her obviously you're not only on three-way text With her. No, I gotta be honest with you. I bet it's a three-way text. Wow. But you know, also, I don't read text. So like a lot of people go, if I'm gonna text Bert, I'll text Leanne too. I guess the four of us could be on a text. No, we couldn't do it. It couldn't be one-on-one. 'cause it would turn into emotional achievement.


Okay. Alright. Okay. Okay then. Then we can't do it. But I am gonna have a martini tonight, so I am telling you now that is what I'm gonna be doing. Okay, let's play the game. Just live then. Yeah, live. Okay. Tell me what to drink and I'll tell you what to drink. And this gotta be the first drink you have. Oh, This is a fun game. Yes. Have you had Fornet? I have. That's a, It's an AIF too, I think. Yes. So my buddy Mark Smalls always has a shot of fret to start the night. Oh. And it turned into a fun thing where we'd all have a shot of Fette and no one really enjoys Fornet. But if you drink Fette enough, you start to enjoy the fact that you don't like it. Okay, Sure, sure, sure. Get me on a new one. All right. It's a fun way to take the thinking out of it. Just walk up and go. Shout a fornet please. You Are already trying to limit the amount of drinks that you like. So the notion of making yourself like one that you don't like is really funny.


But I'm gonna do it. But okay. I'm telling you your drink and you should invite your wife in to do this. You should make this for both of you. No, It's just me. And you can go, okay, Cool. Great. A be's knees. Don't even tell me what it Is. Do you know what it is? Can I tell you kind of the fun of this is going, can I get a bee's knees please. Oh. And then sipping it and going, oh, she knows me so well. Right. Okay, great. But did they know it everywhere? Yeah. If you go to a good place, we'll know it. I like a Brandy Alexander and a pack of palm oil. Yeah. Yeah. Well Burt, you're a goddamn delight. We really did it just like when I was on yours. We went for it. We went hard. I'm so glad that I get to eat my words and say I'm so happy you got into podcasting. Oh, Thank You. That's not good. Lemme be a serious man if for nothing. I've said this to you before. People have brought this up to me about what a great, great episode.


And I'm the same way. I live by the sword. Die by the sword where I'm a hundred percent honest. Maybe I'm over honest. Maybe I overshare. But when you talked about falling off the wagon, I remember where I was when I listened to it. I remember just how vulnerable it was and how cool it was to hear someone take accountability and the conversation you got. It was just incredible. I think it was during the pandemic. Yeah, it was. Yeah. And I was in the pool listening to it. Only real podcast listeners, us diehards know the feeling when you've got a phone and you're just right there and you're with every word. And someone's like, Hey, can I get you? Go hang on, stop. I'm in the middle of something. And they're like, what? I'm like, my friend Dax fell up the fucking, I know him so well. He Just flushed 16 years of sobriety.


It's all, shut the fuck up. It's crazy. I said, when I first met Rogan, I'd listened to so much of the podcast. He invited me to do the podcast and I went to his house. I go, I know this guy. He is like my buddy. And I never met him. I was like, Hey, hey man. He was like, it's good to meet you. And I was like, I know you. And he was like, what? And I was like, I need to meet your dogs. And he see a deprivation tank. I wanna play a game of pool. I wanna get high. And then I'll be ready. I go, look man, I'm a big fan. I need to get this out. It's an interesting, fun relationship. Podcasters and their listeners. Yeah. Alright, well everyone check out. Lucky it's on Netflix. Couldn't be easier for you to consume. It's hilarious. I really adore you. I'm really glad that we got to do each other's shows. I am Too. Yeah. You're such a sweet boy. Truly.


You're such a, this is like a big old fucking heart in you. And I love it. Well I think it's just 'cause I drink a lot. No, it's enlarged. Well it is probably enlarged, but it's also very sweet. Alright, so everyone wants lucky and we'll do this again. I can't wait. He isn't our care expert buddy makes mistakes all the time. Thank God Monica's here. She's gonna let him have the facts. I loved that show. So did I. I loved it. I loved anything that was like inside. Inside information into the lives of celebrities. So wild. Yeah. I loved cribs and you know, so nosy.


I wanted to know how everyone lived. What? What their style was. How big their house was. Yeah. What kind of cars they had. Yep. But you know what else was fun about cribs is like they would do like an LA actor. Yeah. And they had like an okay house. Right. Anytime they were in Atlanta for like a rapper or a basketball player. Yeah. Everyone had like 10,000 square foot houses on acreage and then huge driveways full of cars. I'm like, oh yeah. It's a lot more bang for your buck in other places. That's True. I wasn't thinking like that back then. You weren't? So I was just a little girl. Yeah. That's our age difference. Yeah. How old were you when you were watching it? God, it made you uncomfortable. 'cause so many of them were set up for partying.


It was all about like, okay, You don't even know me. Some of these places had dance clubs in them. I used to booty bump. You don't even, not At eight. Okay. I think I was older than that. Let's see, when Cribs came out. That's when was it? Oh that's not a good Google. 'cause you know what it says? You know who's got a great episode of Cribs? Maybe the best Rosenbaum. Really? Oh yeah. He had someone like hiding under the sheets in the bedroom when they were looking at the bedroom and then the guy jumped out of the bed. Mariah Carey also had one. Well, Hers was infamous more than it was because she seemed a little unstable. She like took a bath during her episode.


Yeah. There was some, I remember a bath. If a guy did that he'd be go to jail. Probably Not then. Yeah, you're right. Okay. Yeah. Premiered in 2000. So I was 12. 12. But you were a lot older. I was 24. That is, I was ready to go to one of those nightclubs in the house. It's so crazy how age starts to mean nothing. But when you're young It is. This is, this is just real proof that I'm older. No, No. That like these, when people are like, oh, it's not that big of a deal if like this 16-year-old is what it's, it is like when I think about being the age I was watching cribs.


Yeah. And then being 24. Yeah. Wildly. Who is your favorite? What are your favorite episodes of Cribs? Okay. I need to see, I don't remember. Do Top. I'm gonna do Top 10 Best episodes of Crips. It's funny to me. Now mind you, I gotta remember everyone that participated in Cribs was in their twenties pretty Much. No. Richard Branson. They did his island. Yeah, I remember that one. His private island. Yes. 10 best houses on MTV Cribs. Lil Wayne. Oh my God. They did Beyonce. Oh god. Lil Wayne. He has a like a plastic hot tub in the dead middle of his living room.


So A lot of athletes. Yeah. Mariah Carey in her bathtub as we discussed. Shaq. That was Orlando. Remember Shaq's house? Yeah. Tony Hawk, Russell Simmons. That was an older man. I saw that one. Yep. Yeah, that's a huge mansion. And Wil Valderrama. Yes. He did his, oh, the Playboy mansion did a cribs. Aaron Carter. That's an infamous one. Yeah. 50 cent RIP. Right. Who? Oh, I think so. Yeah. That's sad. Yeah. Branson.


Oh, I wish they'd bring it back. But anyways, once I Would you Do it? No, no, no, no. But I remember as soon as I owned a house thinking like, oh no. God no. I don't want anyone to see Yeah. Where I, where I live. So I don't have that. I Are you gonna do an episode when your house is down? Not cribs, but I do. I mean, You would do architecture. The advanced version is Architectural Digest Home Tours, which I love. I love looking at them. But I wouldn't participate in one. You got a smell? Something's Going on. Oh. Have you ever had a smell in your nose? Nose. Do you cook fish in your apartment last night? No. Okay. As you're prone to do, Sometimes when you just get a smell in your nose, you can't get it out.


Sure. I don't SI don't smell it on me, but outta, I'm really Panicked. Oh, this is, remember when we learned some people's OCD is that they are Scared of Smell? They. They smell. Okay. They did 19 seasons of cribs. Whoa. But they're probably been Multiple, there's three a year. Yeah, exactly. Oh yeah. They had a break from 2010 to 2021. Okay. So 2010. Yeah. So I could have definitely participated. Yeah. I think I was even asked. Yeah, As an, I'm sure MTV Alumni. Yeah, exactly. You would've been perfect for them. But you didn't have like a bath. You don't have things. I had an average house. You Would show your cars, I guess your motorcycles. That's mostly what it probably would've Been. And the posters of yourself.


Oh, in the garage? Yeah, they're in the garage. Well, they were in the house, remember? Not posters. I bad. Still bad. I can own it. But a lot of stills from the movies. Well, is That which are cool? Can I see one? What? What do you mean stills? Like there's an onset photographer. Yeah. And there's a picture of me and Luke Wilson in Idiocracy in a scene and it's, I like the photo. Yeah. Yeah. And so I had a lot of, I Dunno if that's that bad actually. Yeah. Post, I thought it was like There's posters everywhere.


Posters. Is that it? I do have that photo, but that wasn't the one I had on his plate. Look at my hair. Look At you. You look so little. You look just like Lincoln. It's crazy. But look at my hairdo. Go ahead. No, you just, I mean, I noticed this when we watched when we did Without A paddle. Without A paddle. You just look so different. Yeah. Like your face has changed. Yeah. Isn't that weird? Yeah. Like I obviously everyone gets older. Yeah. But your face is, is different I think. Yeah. Yeah. I agree.


I think my neck is a lot thicker, which I think changes the whole look of your face. Oh. That's like one of the big things I notice, like when I'm watching parenthood or something, I'm like, oh yeah, my neck was so, was half the size of my neck. Now You look different. Yeah. But is it bad? No. You did I look so different? No, I don't think it's bad at all. Okay. I think, yeah, you're right. That Kind of looks like Me. More like you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You just look because In Idiocracy I was fat. Like I gained a bunch of weight really quickly. Yeah. Like 37 pounds. Yeah. And then this was a months after that looks and so now I'm like, I'm halfway back to me being thin, which I always was on parenthood. This Looks parenthood.


Yes. That's parenthood. And I'm like 180 5 there and there I'm probably like 200. And then in Idiocracy I'm two 20. Can you rob, pull up when? In Rome. Oh, That's Terrible. That's the closest to your current body though. But Not, I was so thin. Like my way of getting ripped then was the traditional approach is like get really cut and you'll look big. So I was like 1 69, 1 70 for the like modeling shoot stuff. Yeah. You're really, yeah. Look, I look like I'm on Ozempic In. Wow. You do look really thick. Yeah. Look, Ozempic can you, I wanna see a front face.


Rob, can you pull up, this probably sucks if you're listening, you can start Googling all this stuff. Yeah. And also go to YouTube to watch us. Yeah. Like I look similar from a distance, but I'm so much lighter. There I am. I'm a full 30 pounds lighter there. Your Face looks, My bottom lip looks super big because My face is so gone. Well I, you're sticking out there. I think it's just the light is interesting. Wow. Well this is a real fun retro Retrospective. Yeah. Well, Well that watch I'm wearing, this is a bad story. Oh, I don't actually don't even want to tell it. Wait, You have to now. Oh God.


Yeah. That Happened. This, I don't really want to say in public 'cause people, anyways, what Happened? We were trying, I wanted to look douchey. That was my goal for this character. Right. I was an Underwear model. You were playing underwear model. Yep. Yes. Really into himself. Yeah. And so when we had the meeting with like what kind of jewelry and watches I would wear. Yeah. They just kept handing me different watches and then they handed me the one I'm wearing in that photo and I go, Oh my God, this is perfect. It's, You didn't like it. I'm gonna Let you finish. Okay. Yeah. Fill in what happened. Of course you were like, this is perfect. It's so douchey. And then what happened? It was someone's personal watch that had taken it off and just handed it in the pile.


No. Yes. And I, I felt so bad. Oh my God. Why would they do that? I Don't know. Because yes, it was a little bit of a trap because we knew everyone in the room. That's point of it knew why we were doing what we were doing. Yeah. And then it was just handed to me. Oh. And I was like, yes, bing. God. Oh, Oh I, I still at night. Think about that. I feel terrible about that. Did he cry? It's kind of a cool watch though. Now that I'm looking at it. I was, well anyways. Moving, moving onward. Anyways. That is a horrible thing you did on accident. On accident. I know this. This will happen. I have Way more of those than most people I think.


Or at least no one tells me their stories about times They No, I know it's because you aren't Very censored. Correct. And I think you've gotten much more censored. Yeah. Yeah. So back then of course who knows? Like this is the do she is watch fuck. Fuck me, I'm puking. But wait, no. You remember you, you thought I was a lot. But then you watched I, or I mean you watched without a paddle and you said, oh yours, you still were sweet back then. Yeah. Isn't that your conclusion? But you had thought maybe I wasn't 'cause I was using drugs and alcohol. Right. I just think, don't you think you've tamed instead of gone the other way?


Yeah. Over time. For sure. Yeah. Yeah. I tell less fight stories. Think Anyone who's, anyone who's been in your life for a long bef way before me. Yeah. Would says that. Yeah. Yes. But I think maybe you thought I wasn't sweet back then. No. But I, I think I was still sweet. You Were sweet. But I don't think, do you think you were like, I'm really afr you, you just weren't walking through life feeling like I might hurt someone's feelings. Well, I wa and I wasn't thinking that, but when I did, I felt like this, of course, this situation I still think about Yeah. To you were like, well fuck it 20 years ago. And I'm like, oh God, what a terrible. Did You say I'm sorry, in the moment? Oh yeah, you did? Yes. Yes. Oh, that probably made it Worse.


Probably. What do you do though? What was I to do? You'd say? Actually, Actually, I don't even know if this is the right one. 'cause it actually is. That's, it's pretty cool. I think an apology is better than pate. Like trying, trying to lie. At that point you're doing a, an about face 180. I would, I do an about Face. You would? Yeah. Yeah. Because I think they'll choose to believe the nice thing because it hurts to believe the bad thing. Do you know, when I think of pretty often, I accidentally was, oh God, I, it pains me to bring these up. What happened? This one's not gonna bother you as much, but to me it's rough. But someone's wife had gotten a new car.


Okay. And before we got to what kind it was, I started making fun of the old RAV4. Okay. Because they look kind of like a Fisher-Price car. The old one. Because you're still doing it. It is crazy How it looked. Cali had a RAV4. We used to cruise around in It. I think it was the second best. I think I just read, it's like the second or third best selling car in America, the RAV4. You either had a RAV4 or a CR-V. Give it a crv. Yeah. I hadn't seen the new one. The new one looks way better. It's a very good looking vehicle. But I went on a little thing about how bad the RAV4 was, and, and then my friend said, that's what she got.


And I was like, oh my, I felt so bad. And then I was like, this Is worse than the watch That, look at that vehicle that looks like a Play-Doh car. So's like a windup Car R windup car. I stand by my aesthetic assessment of the old RAV4. It didn't, that, that picture Is, it looks like something Ziggy would drive. Remember the cartoon, Ziggy? Yeah. No, I don't. But Oh, that picture is, it was a Very visual activity. Yeah, I know. Okay. The RAV4, the old, I have so many great memories of Cali's RAV4. Oh, it's a great car. Very dependable. Everyone who's currently in one right now, I love it. But boy, they had just gotten a new car and I was bagging that, that's bad.


That was really bad. Yeah. And I felt bad. And I still feel bad. Then I saw the new one and I'm like, I'm, I love the new one. And I don't know if You could say that Friend bought It. Oh, you, you said that. Yes. So you did about face. I did. And which was your recommendation with the watch? Yes. But this one was actually sincere and I think even the sincere version didn't Work. Didn't work. Ah, Do you feel bad enough to like get them a new car? Yeah. Yeah. If that would erase the whole thing, for sure. And if I could buy the other person a new watch and erase it. Oh No. I would do it. This is, there's a whole gray area where like, it would never make a, a ninth step NA.


Yeah. I'm not gonna go make an amends. Oh, Well, if it's bothering you Over the watch. Well, and I said sorry on the day about the watch, but I just, I just think about it. Yeah. And I would love to figure out how to not think about it. Yeah. That's, It's, I feel about that, that girl, Which, oh wait, I kind of remember with The Mole. It's the worst story. Yeah. It's the, it's the worst thing I've ever done. People, We make mistakes. I know. We really do make mistakes. We really did. Speaking of children, we just came from the most life affirming event. Yeah. Delta, the Rainbow run. Delta Had a rainbow run At her school.


The Rainbow Run. She was so excited. She was up very early. She wanted to do a top knot for her running. And she painted a rainbow on her cheek. Yes. I know. If it was a transfer tattoo or painted on. Tell If she painted that. That's really impressive. So cute. Right on her cheek. A big rainbow. Yeah. And she's in a little jumper. Oh my God. And we watch her run around and, and all the little kids run around. They Basically run in a circle for 10 minutes each class. Yeah. And then they've raised money per lap. Yeah. And I'm there to see Delta first, but really close second is Freddy. 'cause he runs like a Delta's Friend Freddy, Who I wanna adopt.


Yeah. He's really a cool, cool kid. The coolest. I, I don't know how someone just born that way. I know you, you like ran out there to High five him, like you wanted his approval. Of Course. Yeah. And he high fived me the first time. And then on the second lamp I ran out and he, he ghosted me. Oh, you saw that? I saw. But I thought you were doing it to some random person. No, no. I was trying to get another round two. I got greedy with Freddie on another high five. Hi, this is always your problem. I know. It's the nature of an addict. Like, I liked it the first time. I thought, well, let's keep doing that until it breaks. Which in this case was pretty quickly. It was quickly. Yeah. He had enough Man, it was cute.


But he did tell his mom, she told me that he, he said, I'm giving him a truck at some point. He's giving you a truck. No, I'm giving him a truck. Oh yeah. He has it in his head that I'm giving him a truck. And I said, do You think Delta promised him that? Maybe. And I said, fine. That's fine with me. All he is gotta do is marry Delta. And then he can have to have, he can have all my shit. This is such a common thing, I think for parents. They like, they Want kids to get married. Yes. They decide early. They want their kid to marry this kid. Well, and I don't, I want her to have like 20 relationships before Sure. She gets married. Yeah. I think some, some parents want their kid to date from junior high all the way to adulthood. And I just don't think that's high.


Very likely. Do you wanna hear just the best story ever? Yeah. So Elizabeth and Andy went to elementary school together. They did. They went to elementary school. Andy was Elizabeth's first crush. Oh. She loved Andy. But Andy was like a punk. He was like a little punk kid. Okay. He's too Cool. And he was into Prince and like snowboarding. Mm. And she thought that was really cool and different. Yeah. And then they, you know, Andy moved a couple years later Okay. To another town. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And she didn't see him for, you know, 20 years or so. She ran into him on the street in New York.


No. And that's when they rekindled. Well, they never even kindled, but she was like, I liked you Andy Rosen. Oh, wow. I like that story. Isn't that such a good story? It'd be like if you married Dairy Queen guy, that's still an option. That is not the same. That be like, if Andy was mean to Elizabeth, What if he came to you and said, I think about that once a week. I feel fucking terrible. Yeah. I'm so sorry. Yeah. I didn't know what I was saying. I was 12. It's, I know you didn't, it's fine. It's really fine. Thank you. And I Like that. Thank you for saying that. Thank you then. And I still like you. Well I, And now I'm not a dumb dumb.


I am. I am very flat Now. I work in Dairy Queen. Oh, I'm good. Oh my God. I would've been flipped. Yeah. Really? Well, I can't be with you. Exactly. Oh, that's the real arc of this. Yeah. Okay. Back circling back Yeah. To the Rainbow run circles. Yeah. Circling. So Rainbow, run it back. The Architectural Digest tours. Oh, yes. I would like to do that. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And I love those Architectural Digest open. It's called like open door. Yeah. I love those too. And, And I would never do one. Yeah. Well, Walton did one recently and it was so good.


His place is gorgeous. It's gorgeous. Yeah. The hunting lodge in the Hudson Valley. Dakota Johnson Is your Food here? Oh, fuck. Our coffees Here. I I can grab it. Okay. Thank you. Bang swap. Yeah. I, they, I just love those and I would really like to do it. Yeah. When my home is done. Okay. If you're listening an archite die. I guess if you're listening architecture. Look, I, I'm not a big enough person to, for them to want me to do it. But my home is gonna really be worth seeing. And I think you plus Nikki Kehoe. Yeah, that's what I mean. Like, she, they're the, it's them, it's, it's Nikki Kehoe plus my architect Bill, bill Baldwin bill.


They created. Like, it's just incredible. Yeah. I think this could happen. It's very special. So I would love for it to get some love. Yeah. Let's, if you're listening architecture, I'll manifest It. Yeah. I think this could happen. I'm gonna manifest it. I wonder if people ever reach out to them. I'm sure people do. Yeah. But I'm not gonna, okay. I'm just gonna hope and pray. Maybe you should. I'm gonna hope And pray if you want it. This is like dating. This is like the hot guy. If you want it the be an architectural die, just ask. This Is the hot guy, because I don't wanna ask. I want them to come to me. Oh, man. Yeah. You gotta ask in life. But hold on. We have a visitor. Mr. Rogers is here. Oh, Knock, knock, knock.


Oh, look at these cute decorative cups. Wow. What is what? Vanilla Mine is just has cinnamon. Whole milk and cinnamon. Yeah. Well, I gotta get my calcium in 'cause of my bone density. Oh, right. 'cause of your, my mom, Swiss Cheese bones. Spoke to my mom the other day and she, she asked me every other time I talk to her if I'm taking my calcium. And every time I say, no, no, I'm not taking that. I'm not gonna take it. So that's that. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Squarespace, our old friends Squarespace. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform designed to help you stand out and succeed online. We love Squarespace. We have our armchair expert website, which was built by Squarespace And it's gorgeous. It's a great, great product. If you wanna build a website that looks as snazzy as the armchair expert site, Squarespace makes it simple. But their collection of cutting edge design tools, you can build a bespoke online presence that perfectly fits your brand or business. Start with Blueprint ai, Squarespace's AI enhanced website builder to get a fully custom website in just a few steps. Basic info about your industry goals and personality will generate premium quality content and personalized design recommendations. Squarespace also offers a complete library of website templates with options for every use and category. You can make a gorgeous website without any previous experience. Check out squarespace.com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code Dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's squarespace.com and promo code Dax to get started today.


Ooh. It's nice with cinnamon. I love cinnamon. What's your favorite spice? I like cinnamon. Favorite spice? I like vanilla. I got vanilla. Yeah, You have Vanilla. I can't taste the vanilla. I Wouldn't. Well, I guess I'll call it a spice Vanilla's. Not a spice. Not really. It's a bean. Here are your options. Thank you. I can't think of spices. Yeah, it's, it's a weird question. I like rosemary in my pasta. Okay. Yeah. Rosemary, oregano, thyme, coriander, cumin, thyme, pe. Black pepper. You could go black pepper. Tarragon. Garlic powder. Onion powder salt.


Himalayan pink sea. Salt. Salt. Let's see if is salt. Okay, I'll go cinnamon because that's the only one that I associate with being sweet. Even though on its own, it's not sweet. Obviously Salt is not considered a spice. I just am Googling most popular spices. Okay. Okay. Oh no, this is already, salt is the first one. Yeah. Ai. So this Is the most used. Yeah. Most commonly used spices. But it shouldn't say salt if it's not. It's like That's the green hats. This is the green hat riddle that we still haven't told on here. Okay. Do you wanna do it now? Nope. Okay. No. Black pepper, garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, chili powder, cumin, cinnamon. Ginger. I like taco seasoning.


Yeah. Well that normally has chili powder. Paprika. Paprika, cumin. A lot of cumin, cumin, salt pepper. That's what I douse over my elk now. Oh it is? I was wondering if you were still on your elk. Yeah. I made a big batch two days ago. Turmeric tur. Very good. Good spice for you. Turmeric. Yeah. Very healthy spice. Do you think people have turned it off by now? Yeah. I understand. I understand. Why. Can't fault 'em. Really. Alright, well Bert Kreischer. Oh, well, for, before I move on from Freddie, we have to give a shout out to Freddy's mom. Hailey. Hailey love. But I like to love her as Freddy's mom.


Like Dax his mom. I just think it's so cute. Yeah. Freddy's mom. That is a good moniker. She is so nice. And we chatted with her. She's The coolest. Well this is part of it. It's like, obviously Freddy is cool because the mom is so cool and the dad is so cool. Is legendary. Yeah. So the dad makes me nervous and is so good looking. They both are And all the students Agree. Yeah, they're both, both the parents are gorgeous. They're both gorgeous. Yeah. And so obviously Freddy's gorgeous and cool. Yep. And he wears an earring and he, And he's got siblings and he have the cutest little sister you've ever seen in your life. He Bought his sister's pearl earring today. To be faster.


Listen, I'm, if I decide to have a kid with a donor, yeah. How many am I gonna have to look? Th I mean this is like really, You can see photographs of them. I don't know about that. I think should be able to think. You can request. I think some you can, some maybe you can't. Depending on the bank. Yeah. I mean the pr Would you want Rob's sperm? He's very fertile. No, He has I, well, I mean, I would love to make a little Vinny. Vinny. That's would be my dream. But I can't ask anyone. I know. Okay. I have to go to the bank. Okay. Actually that's not true. I could ask someone I know, but no one I like see a lot.


Right. Because Wouldn't you feel, wouldn't both of you feel weird if both of, if one of you ga either of you gave me your sperm. Yeah. And then we were all hanging out and my kid's there and it's your kid. Yeah. It would, I would have to be involved. Right. Yeah. I couldn't just pretend like, oh, I donated. Exactly. And then that gets complicated for everyone. Yes. I Guess not As you know, I offered a friend sperm years ago, over a decade ago. They turned it down. They said, I would love that. We're gonna try one more round. First I asked Kristen, of course, would you care if I, and we didn't have kids yet, so I, this is, I I was like naive to what I thought.


Mm. I thought I would just like, yeah, who cares? I'll give him 'em this permit be Done with it. They didn't. Thank God. Let's just say the parenting. I totally disagreed with It would've, it'd be crazy for me to be looking on the outside and not wanna rescue. Yeah. So a child. Yeah. That's half me would be crazy. Genetically, I'm so grateful that didn't happen. But I was like, if intention, if I had, if I had a kid that was half years and I was letting them go shopping every day, No more. Like what if you had a kid and you were really crazy protective and he wasn't allowed to do anything and he never learned to ride a bike and he didn't like that would, That's more likely for me. That Would be hard for me to watch.


Wow. Big time. That's because I would go, this is this kid's like a, he wants to be out there tackling life According to you. Well, if he's half me, odds are, Yeah. You definitely can't be giving anyone your smart. No, no. Yeah. This is good. Know didn't, but I only feel this way after having kids. Like if I was seeing Lincoln around, It wouldn't feel the same. Would be my guess. I don't know if, like, when I look at Lincoln, as you just said. Yeah. She, she has my face at that age. Of course. Yeah. And if I was around her that it would be hard if You Oh yeah. I, I'm forgetting you're around her. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. Yeah. It'd have to be a situation, to be honest, where it was like if a, I have a vasectomy, so it's not even an option.


Yeah, exactly. But if we had a friend who wanted that and needed that and we decided yes, I would, I would be involved. Oh, that would, Kristen wouldn't want that. Well, Kristen wouldn't, Not That maybe care actually. Like Well That's a lot on her. That would be a lot on her for you to then like kinda take on this other kid. Yeah. It's very complicated. If I reverse it, let's say, so she needed to give an egg to somebody. Yeah. She gave an egg and then, And she demanded to be in their life. That's what's tricky. 'cause there's a mom involved already in my scenario, there's no dad involved.


Oh, right. Well, no, let's say there's no mom involved. She gives it to Oh, To a guy. Yeah. Oh, interesting. Yeah. Okay. And then this guy, so Jess has a kid with Kristen's egg. Kristen's egg. Lucky him. That would be a cute kid. Oh yeah. What would win the tininess? Or the Tallness? I Think it'd be red hair. Tiny. Oh, like Seth. Yeah. Like Seth's kid. Yeah. I don't know how she would juggle it. I would expect her to want to be very involved in Jess's kid's baby life if it was her egg. And I mean, the whole family would just have to get on board.


You'd have to get on board. Yeah. It's like, this is basically our God, this is our goddaughter. Yeah. Oh, this is our daughter. Well, no, because that's not, see, this is where things get, But they would've just wanted the child to have Kristen as the mom. Okay. But It just, you kind of grew up like separated and you understood like, oh yeah, my dad's gay, so he got a donor, but that's my mom and I love her. Right. So that's one scenario. Yeah. And there's a more common scenario which is that the, the per the dad or mom wants to raise their kid, like as they wanna raise their kid and not then go to their donor and like co-parent, Unless it's their friend and they're already immersed in one another's life.


Yeah. But maybe like, you know, you know how it is with all the parents and stuff. You don't want advice or co-parenting from some other parent, even if you really like them. Like we all, we have a pod full of parents. And I actually think this is a great thing about the pod. I mean, of course people ask each other for advice and there's like conversations about parenting, but Very little, but Very little. Yeah. We're all, people are parenting differently. That's right. Across the board. And that's great. And we're, and we're all, Everyone's accepting of that As close to non-judgmental as you can get about it. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't think it would work if it was like, Hey Dax, just so you know, like I think what you should be maybe doing with Lincoln is, you know.


Yeah. No, it would just have to be with my time with the child. Yeah. That's hard on the kid. No, I'm not doing it. I'm not doing it. Okay. I can't do it. And also I'm not doing it. It's Not just you. This is an interesting question in general. I think so For people, I think it could be done though. Like, let's just say like there is a version where Kristen's egg was given to Jess and he has a little girl and they, and she knows Kristen's her mom and she has a mom and she sees her mom a lot. Yeah. But maybe he's like, but then the baby might think, but that's, it's hard for a kid. Maybe. Maybe. Actually I, yeah, I have no idea. I think whatever you get is what's normal.


I have no idea. Yeah. I think whatever you're raised in is standard and you don't think too much of it. What people do in with the sperm when they get to choose sperm Yeah. As opposed to choosing your partner, this is different. Right. What you have the ability to do when you're choosing sperm is like you're kind of creating what you think is like the perfect person Yeah. Mixed with what you know you are giving. So it's like, you know the good qualities you're giving and the bad ones. Yeah. If you, if you're being honest with yourself, like, I might be handing over these sets of things. So what I don't wanna do. Yeah. Me, I was like, if you want a deaf, dyslexic alcoholic, look no further.


This Is me. Yeah. Yeah. These are the genetics. No, but I Mean like, I guess I am sort of, Don't you think you do wanna attempt to level out balance? Yes. Balance. That's what I'm saying. I'm not gonna go get an addict egg. That's too much addict in the bag. Exactly. You know, know what I'm saying? Probably. I mean, also, of course there are kids with two addict parents that are beautiful and wonderful and great. Yeah. In some ways you, your mom is an, is an addict in some ways. Well, some Ways. Well, He's a love addict. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I mean that's what, like, there's, And I got both things. I got my dad, I know that my dad was a love addict. What am I talking about? Yeah. Love addicts. You got it all. I got it all. Yeah. So, and you're great.


I'm, I'm largely, You're thriving. I'm largely Great. Let's, or we can at least agree that you're thriving and your life has worked out really nicely. So like, you know, you don't, and partners don't do this, I don't think, I mean, sometimes they think through like, oh, this is a good partnership because they're like bouncing me out. But I don't think that's what a lot of relationships No. Are. I think you're not thinking of kids. Right. When you Exactly. Except I was at 32. I was very mission driven. I know. But most people aren't. Correct. They're, they're attraction driven and Then they decide they want to have a kid. And then you start thinking, oh boy, both of us don't clean the house. Exactly. Yeah. So anyway, it's just interesting.


And yeah, It's Rob, would you give your sperm to anyone? Yeah, I guess so. In someone you know, or Monica, If someone needed it, That's nice of you. Yeah. What about do but what if you saw them every day? I don't think it ma I mean like, my sister was a surrogate for a family and birth two kids for 'em. Yeah. That feels a little, But it wasn't her egg, right? No, it wasn't her egg. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think a lot it's just your personality. I think a lot of people can say like, oh, that's great. I'm just helping. Yes. And that's great. That great. And that's not my kid. Yeah. That's your kid.


That was the donor we talked to on Armchair Anonymous who had like a hundred kids. Yeah. He was just like, yeah, if you wanna meet, let's meet. Like, I don't feel any connection or guilt that I'm not raising anyone. Oh yeah. Yeah. I don't think anyone should feel guilt. 'cause I, I would, I think the guilt would come if you saw that the kid wasn't being raised. Right. Yeah. Or is struggling and then like helping would maybe come into question that. Right. All right. This is Burt. This is for Burt. Burt. Now what animals are native to Germany because he's under the impression that they don't have any predators there.


Any threats. Yeah. Sleep outside in the woods naked. There's a chapter in Schwarzenegger's book, education of a bodybuilder where he and Franco were for a period in Germany, weightlifting in the woods naked. And they would have a barbecue and they would drink wine. And he said like, old time gladiators. Oh my God. Yeah. Just imagine walking through the woods and you see two bodybuilders squatting naked. Wow. With raw meat everywhere. Oh my God. Bottles of wine. Wow. Good for them. Yeah. Okay. Number 10. Shawa. That's like a goat.


Okay. That's also kind of the name of the shammy. Shammah The Sham. Wow. Sham. Sham. Good call. Okay. Red fox. I think red Foxes are so cute. I wouldn't be afraid to fight a red fox. I don't think you would either. I think you should because I, I kind of think I'm a red fox. Oh, I'm not. Am I, God? Well, hold on. I'm not, as soon as I said it, I knew I wasn't. I Do think foxes an appealing animal to identify with if you're a woman. Yeah. Because that's a, they're Clever, they're athletic. Well people call if, if you're, oh, you're a fox. If you're high, you say you're a fox Foxy, foxy lady. Yeah, but I'm not. I'm just a chinchilla.


Well, chinchillas are very cute. Have you ever held a chinchilla? They're Like, they're like the armchair anonymous leg guy. They're like jam. Oh Geez. No. Okay. Yeah. They don't have a rib cage. Jury. See eight greater horseshoe bat. Seven bi colored shrew. At least I'm not a bike. Am I a bi colored shrew? There you are. No, no, no, no, no. I kinda look like that. No, that looks like a little mouse. Shoes are clever. Right. They're supposed to be real clever European badger. Now that's a tough customer. You don't want to tangle with a badger. Well, except that the, its diet is made up of root tubers, large insects carrying ugh cereals and small mammals Eats cereal.


Yes. Thank Cute. I dunno what his favorite eats. Captain Crunch. You're a small mammal. I just will add. Okay. So you should watch your, because I'm A, I would way rather fight a red fox than a badger. Yeah. Yeah. That's probably right. Okay. Wild boar. Scary European wildcat. Now these are interesting 'cause they're big, but they look like regular domestic cats. Yeah. And I find that creepy. I don't like that. I know if I see a domestic cat in the woods, I think a witch is nearby. Yes. Did a spell made that cat huge. Or maybe, Maybe is a witch. And can Oh, transform Harry Potter.


Okay. European Pine Martin. What's that? That is a family of Badger Weasel. Oh, Otter and Mink. Ooh. Okay. Wooded areas. They're found in wooded areas. Sharpie. Fast runners. Both good on the ground and in trees. Fire salamander. Very scary if your barefoot, yeah. Poison glands. Oh, and alpine. Iex. Iex. Alright. So there's nothing I'm too scared of here. He was right. I'll give him that. He Was right. Okay. Do the dealers in Vegas get to keep their tips or does it go to the house? Nevada laws allow tips to be shared among employees as long as the employer doesn't keep any of them.


This gives casinos and other employers in Nevada the authority to require employees to share tips with both tipped and non tipped workers. As long as none of the participants are considered the employer, This would be a bad arrangement for me. I would've a very hard time with this. You would not. If I saw someone with a shitty personality that was not kind to everyone, I'd be like, dude, you gotta brighten it up so we can get, we're pulling our tips. I'm over here bringing in 300 bucks. Yeah. Learn some jokes. Do your hair, brush your teeth. You know what, they should take Jess's class. They should. Because He's really changing the game over there. Yeah. He really is. People's tips are doubling and Yeah. He has all these restaurants.


It's like, it's called the Restaurant Launch. And he has all these restaurants that he helps. He like comes in and teaches them how to up their game and Yeah. How to like really be a good server. That's awesome. Now 10 highest grossing comedy tours of 2024. Oh, here we go. We should get Mindy on the phone for this Mindy Kaling Because she loves counting people's money. Oh yeah, Yeah. This is her and I kind of list. Yeah. She wants this listed on people's houses. Yeah. Should we call her? No, she's busy. Let's call her. No, you're So scared. I, yeah.


I don't wanna bother her. Comet bother her. Come on. We bother a lot of people. What Are we gonna do? Tell her about everyone's money. Yeah. Oh, I don't know. Oh, you're so scared. You are so ballsy. This is like the situation with the watch. I'll probably like, I'll, I'll regret this. Yes. And you're gonna drag me, me into this i's probably so scared Me answer. I've never called her. I'm Playing it So cool with her. And here you are. Yeah. I'm burning, I'm lighting this fridge way on fire. She might be at her kids' Rainbow run. Your call Hasn't voice. Yeah, she's not gonna answer. All right. I feel really relieved. Okay, great. I'm just gonna leave her a quick voice memo. Oh my God.


You're gonna call back? No, I'm gonna, oh, I'm gonna leave a voice memo. Monica's So up in arms right now that I have the audacity to call you. Mindy, I'm so sorry. We know you're very busy. I don't know why she Did this. She claims you're too busy to take a phone call. But we were about to read the list of the top 10 comedy tours, the financials, and I said, I need my friend Mindy here so we can count everyone else's money. Let's get her on the phone for this. And what Happened? We're happy you didn't answer. Monica's very relieved. You didn't answer. She thinks this might be the end of our burgeoning friendship. Okay. I'm sweating again. Yeah. That made you very nervous. God.


No. There's only a few people in this world who make me nervous. I know. She's one of 'em. Oh, You wanna call Matt next? Yep. Oh my God. Hey man, you wanna know who, how much money all these standup tours are making. Okay, here We go, Joe. Coy number 10. We're gonna go in 10 to one. Okay. Joe Coy, he grows $26 million. He did 83 shows, 368,000 tickets sold. And he's been doing this for years. Yeah. Oh, I wonder if he has a huge mansion somewhere. I'm sure he should go on cribs. Oh, They all should. They Should. Yeah. And the whole season should be top. Oh, They should.


That's a good idea. Yeah. Okay. Number nine, Adam Sandler. He grows $27 million. 26 shows only A million a show. 261,000 tickets. Gosh. Good for him. Number eight, Jerry Seinfeld. Another classic Two guys who have so much money and they just can't help but make more. They can't, 27.8 million, 36 shows. 199,000 tickets. So Sandler's making more per show than Seinfeld. That's interesting. Well, Seinfeld must play smaller. I also think Adam Sandler is not as, he's harder to get.


Mm. Seinfeld does do comedy tours every now and then, but that's true. Adam Sandler like Woo, Trevor Noah. And number seven 29 million. 29.7 20. 30,000,094 Shows. 392,000 tickets. Number six. Here's our guy. Here He is. Burke. BK Chrysler. No shirt. No shirt. 29.7 million. Exact same as, I wonder why they put him above Trevor. Well, because 64 shows less shows. Verse Oh, less shows. Yeah. Pound for pound. 388,000 tickets.


Wow. Wow. Number Five. Another friend of the pod, Sebastian Maniscalco. Enjoy. Very enjoyable episode. Check it out in the archives. Yes. $36.5 million for Sebastian. Oh, I love it. 53 shows. 293,000 tickets. Oh, baby Number four. Kat Williams. Now this just let everyone know I read this list. Yeah. Like three weeks ago. Yeah. I think after we had Bert on, I got real nosy because I asked him how much he's, is he making more on tour or from his podcast? Yeah. And when he said way more on tour, I thought, what is that number anyways? Sure.


Kat Williams, I thought was we'd go on Podcasts, he'd blast a bunch of people and it'd be very viral. Although somehow you didn't, you didn't see his last round of viral. He did one interview that he just, he lined up 20 people and just let, got it. Let 'em have it. I had no idea he was the king of standup Number three. I mean, I'm sorry, number four. Number four. How much? 37.5 million. God, I wanna see his house. 60 shows. 399,000 tickets. Oof. Tasty. Number three, Gabrielle Iglesias. Sure.


42.8 million. Woo. Wow. 124 shows. 603,000 tickets. Mm. Number two. Matt Rife. Matt Rife. This is the cute comedian. Yeah, He's good looking younger. 57.5 million. God, what do you do in your twenties with 57? It's a lot. I hope he has so many dumb Lamborghinis and Ferraris. Oh God. Stupid. I hope he is giving to charity. Yeah. 256 shows. That's too many. That's That's a Lot. Every day. 733,000 tickets. Wow. Number one. Nate Zi.


Nate. 82.2 million. 82.2 million a hundred. I want 'em to hit a hundred million so bad. He will for No reason. 148 shows 1 million, 100,000 tickets. Wow. Yeah. Wow. Wow, wow. Wow. Pretty cool. Okay. Are orcas acting up? Yeah. Yeah. They're ramming boats and Getting Wiley. They're Getting real wily. Now what's way more interesting is while I was editing this episode and we were at the orcas part. The orcas part was part of the Sea World portion of this episode where he talks about finding someone's ring at sea world.


Oh yes. Wanted, because He finds everything. He finds things. But then we were talking about SeaWorld and orcas and I am in the middle of that part listening. And then email pops up. It's a request, it's an ad request for SeaWorld. Yeah. That's crazy. At The exact moment. And let's be clear, it's not an ad to come visit SeaWorld. It is a request for us to have them as a sponsor. Correct. Which your computer couldn't listened to that and figured that out. No. Yeah. That's really wild. That was such a glitch. Lazy. Lazy, lazy. Okay. Now what is Campari?


Ooh. I regret to inform you. I know. Okay. You told me that Bert did have the bee's knees That night. That night. And he loved it. I know. Yeah. And I haven't done his yet. Yeah. You're not good at this pact. I feel bad. I feel bad. And then you were supposed to do it last week. I was. And I didn't do it. You still didn't do it again. I know. I'm Tonight's a drinking night, right? Friday. Yeah. I could probably get some down. Yeah. Why don't you try it? The Problem is, but I'm gonna be open 'cause I wanna do this for Bert. Yeah. I just know I'm not gonna like the Campari spritz. Well, not with that attitude.


I just, I don't even like Aperol Spritz, which everyone likes. Yeah. And this is like a stronger, more bitter version of Aall. Yeah. But you know what? I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna Do it. You never drink Jack Daniels, huh? No. No. But I, I, I drink whiskey. Okay. Just not Jack. Yeah. What about a Jack Ginger for you? But I don't like Jack Daniels. Well, you might with Ginger Ale. Well, Why do I have to, why can't I go with something Dance? Because it's the best drink. Okay. It's the one I've drank the most of. Oh, you do Ginger Ale? Yeah. Jack Ginger's, ginger Ale and Jack Danish. What about ginger beer? It's not my favorite. Really? No.


Hmm. Jack and Diet's the best taste. But you don't even like Diet Coke. So that's, I don't wanna start you there. Can I do like, can I do like bland? Do you shake your sides and start drinking, Jack? I mean, I drink whiskey. I drink old fashioned. Oh, what's your bland knob Hill? Or one of these? No, I like four roses. I like Blanton's. Blanton's? Yeah. I don't know about Blanton. BLANs is fancy. Is That a lot of them have all come out in the last 20 years since I quit. Four Roses you probably would've liked. It's, it's really good. And it's Better Bourbon. Jack Daniel. No, I like, I like Jim Beam. These are Daniels are classics. Yeah. You're going classic.


That's right. Yeah. It's like Levi's jeans, you know, it's what America was built on. Woodford. Have you ever had Woodford? No. Woodford Reserve. Very good. Good Product are trigger triggering names for me a little bit Because they're fa They sound Elite. Oh my. They're trying To be like Oak Barrel whiskey. Like call it, call it a man's name. Jim Bean. Ew. Jack Dans No. Bill Rutherford. Mike Pence. Oh my. Ugh. What did Mike Pence had a, I Could See it. He should have a, I could see it. A whiskey. Yeah. Well Actually he should have a gin. No. Mike Pence Gin. Absolutely not. Because I like gin. But You're gonna love Mike Pence's. Jim. Jim. Alright. Okay. That's it.


Love you. Love you. Follow Armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


What if your mind could trick your body into feeling sick or even worse? In hysterical, I investigate the bizarre medical mystery that unfolds in a high school in upstate New York. It starts with one girl developing strange, violent symptoms and then another, and then another rumors begin to swirl. Is it something in the water inside the school or is it all in their heads? Hysterical is my search for answers. And along the way I uncover surprising connections to unexplained incidents around the world. Events that challenge everything we think we know about our bodies and our minds. Named Podcast of the Year at the Canby Hysterical is a Mind Bending Unforgettable Ride. Binge all episodes right now exclusively and ad free on Wondery. Plus, start your free trial of Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts.