
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Anonymous. Best of 2024. What a batch of stories you guys gave us this year. I gotta say, of all the our best ofs, I think Armchair Anonymous lends itself very best to this format. 'cause it's just the banger story after another. This Was really hard to narrow down. And again, like the other ones, there's just a million amazing stories this year, but we can only pick a few.


Yes. So enjoy the craziest moments from 2024.


We are supported by Audible Audible's. Best of 2024 picks are here. Audible's curated list in every category is the best way to hear 2020 four's best in audio entertainment. Like a stunning new full cast production of George Orwell's 1984. This is the one I am most excited to indulge myself with. I'm so excited to listen to James, which is a new title by Percival effort that is very, very hot right now. Mm. Well, there's so many good ones on the list. We love Audible. This is how you go to bed. I love Audible. I swear by Audible. I can't wait to listen to the Orwell 1984 off this list. I'm also doing fleas by autobiography right now, which I'm obsessed with. I can't get enough Audible in my life every night. Go to Audible dot com slash dax and discover all the years best waiting for you. That's Audible dot com slash dax.


He From 6 82 Crazy Gym Stories. Hello. Hi, how are you? Is this Nick? This is, yes. I love That we're in your bedroom or a guest bedroom. Just, I like that we're in a bedroom. We're rarely in a bedroom with anyone. It's True. It's funny, about five minutes ago, I was in my daughter's bedroom, which is little smaller and probably better for the sound. And our neighbor across the street is doing a construction project and just whipped up their like drywall mixer.


Do you live across The street from me? Yeah. Right now. In the last five minutes I've been frantic. Oh no. I brought blankets in and comfy pillows. No, you're in an ideal room already. There's a lot of soft fabrics around you. You don't wanna be close to walls. Shocking. And that's that echo chamber. So you're golden. You're wearing a soft sweatshirt. A hoodie that's gonna help you have a little bit of stubble that's gonna break up the sound waves. Right. Where are you at, Nick? Sonoma County, California. Oh, Okay. Are you in any tangential way associated with the wine industry? I have been. I was working in the wine industry for almost 20 years. Oh Wow. Look at that. What's your favorite wine? Were you a sales rep? Were you a vintner?


What were You? I worked in marketing, social media. And Are you ever over at Sonoma Raceway? I'm not, no. I Had a feeling you'd ask me about that. That's The site of my huge crash that caused all the surgeries. Mm. So what are you doing now? So now I work at our regional food bank called the Redwood Empire Food Bank. And I do grant writing and corporate partnerships. Busy time of year. Yeah, we do half of our fundraising between Thanksgiving and New Year's. Wow. Well, thanks for taking the time to tell us your crazy gym story. I'm sure you're busy. Yeah, we're excited. Hit us. Where does this take place? Are we in Sonoma? Does Sonoma have gyms? We Do. This takes place in a little town called Windsor, just north of Santa Rosa. That's the home of Charles Schultz. That's right. Yep. Oh, wow. Charles Schultz museum home of peanuts.


And They had a nice pageant for a while, but that's been gotten rid of. You're so sorry, Nick. I just, I just wanna hear it. I know, but I wanna get a rhythm going that I know I, this is foreplay. I wanna, I wanna join. I wanna join. He wants sexual energies. He so much. Yeah. Okay. Whatever. Do they do ice skating there anymore, or no? I do. They have an ice skating rink. Okay. Charlie Brown, important person. I Vince Aldi, the holidays ti the season. Ti the season. Okay. Sorry. It's January, 2000. I'm 18 years old. In between my semesters. At my freshman year of college, I was going to the junior college here in town.


Most of my friends had already left to go back to their schools. Some post-holiday blues, post Y 2K excitement. Oh yeah. New Year's resolution. What was that? New Year's resolution. Oh, was going to the gym. This is Relevant to the gym. I'm just laughing. I hate Monica. Do you need a co-host? Do you need a new co-host, Nick? I'm a veil. Okay, go on. So I was just kind of moping around the house, and my sister lived at home. She was a little bit older than me, and she loved gonna the gym. So she dragged me to the gym one day, put on, you know, new pair of warmup pants that I had, a big hooded sweatshirt. Exactly what I thought someone who would go to the gym would wear, you know? But not at all. It's not a very big gym.


It was the first time I'd ever been to a public gym. They kind of had the check area and the machines kind of in the front, and then tucked in the back. Were a few treadmills and all the free weights. So we went in, hopped up on a couple of the treadmills to do a little warmup. We were jogging for a few minutes and my sister, she hopped off and went to go do like her routine, whatever she was gonna do. And I decided to stay on the treadmill. I did a little running in high school, so started building my confidence a little bit, putting up the speed, trying to get familiar with, you know, being on a treadmill. You know, probably five minutes go by and I'm going pretty fast and feeling good. Of course, I've got line sweatpants on and a big hooded sweatshirt. So I'm getting hot.


I'm way overdressed. Decide I need to take my sweatshirt off. The thought does not even cross my mind to like, stop the treadmill, take my sweatshirt off and start up again. I'm gonna just go ahead and try and, and take my sweatshirt off while I'm on the trip. Absolutely. I can see myself making the same call. Well, yeah, you can't stop. Yeah. You know that move in the car where you're driving, you need to take a sweatshirt off or something and you can kind of do it real quick. Sure. Well, can I tell you, Nick, the first thing I thought of when you painted this picture was how many times I've taken a hoodie off in the car and then miscalculated and realized like, I don't have either arm now. Oh, now I'm driving with my Knee. And that's exactly what happened here. I got one arm out. Hold on, Nick and sorry, Monica. Are there any girls around?


Had you locked eyes with anyone and had anything in your mind going like, oh, I see you and you see me? No. If anything, I wanted to be anonymous. I was a pretty shy kid, luckily wasn't very busy. I was kind of off on my own, you know, got one arm out of the sweatshirt, pulled the sweatshirt over my head, and that was when I lost sight. Oh. For the first time. Oh. And immediately stopped feet. I am fly off the back of the truck. Oh No. And I wish it would've ended there, and that would've been fine. I probably would've been okay. But the way this gym was set up was that, you know, it was 2000. It was pre flat screen TVs. So the TVs were hanging on the ceiling, and they were the big tube TVs, and they were down the middle of the gym.


So the treadmills were turned to face the middle of the gym backed against a wall. Oh. Oh, no, No, no. Oh boy. Okay. Bounced off the wall. Landed back in the treadmill. Oh, back on the wall. Wait. Oh, what? No, no, no, no, No. I basically like in a dryer, and it tumble cycle was kind of what it felt like. Are you still blinded by the sweatshirt? Completely blinded. Sweatshirt completely halfway over my head. Can't see anything. I'm just kind of bouncing back and forth between the treadmill and the wall over and over again. This is like an America's Funniest Home video. Yeah. Or even a Simpson's cartoon like Homer Simpson on a treadmill.


Yes. So, you know, eventually I hear my sister screaming, not really helping, but she's screaming from the other side of the room. You know, somebody else. All this is happening so fast, dude. It's probably only 30 seconds, but it feels like 10 minutes that I'm just bouncing back and forth between treadmill wall. Eventually somebody came and stopped the treadmill. I took inventory outside of my torn warmup pants. Oh no. This is So bad. Whoa. Your warmup pants tore? Oh yeah. Total rug burn. Oh. Oh my God. You're lucky. They stayed on. You could've been in your SKIMS. Oh, I imagine also people helping pull the hoodie off of you.


Yeah. I mean, I feel fortunate that it wasn't too busy. There wasn't that many people there. I pretty much left immediately after that. I was like, I'll wait in the car while you finish your workout. I'm not hanging out anymore. I'm done with the workout. I'm never Ever gonna exercise again. I have a feeling that people who work there probably had that on security footage and probably got a real charge over. Oh, they probably watched that over and over and over Again. Yeah. It was shown to many, many people. Did they have at that time on the treadmills, the pull? You know, now they have that pull Probably, But You couldn't see. But no one ever hooks themselves. Oh. 'cause yeah, you're supposed to wear it. You're supposed to wear it, but nobody does. No one's ever gonna wear that thing. And this is why you're supposed to wear it. What was the extent of the injuries when you got in the car and the adrenaline subsided?


Did you start feeling like, oh, I got my ass kicked by that thing. I was pretty sore the next day. Burned up knees a little bit, but more bruised ego than anything. Oh man. Oh my God. It like falling onto a belt sander if I was your sister. Oh, from across The room, like help Call 9 1 1. I called her last night to kind of corroborate the story, and she was like, what I remember is I was working out and all of a sudden I hear this big thud. Oh. And then I turn around and I see her arms flailing around on the treadmill. Oh my gosh. I really wanna see. Yeah, me too. It's like ping pong person. Yes. Oh. Or I wonder If you, maybe it was rolling too. There could have been some.


Oh, well, Right. Oh yeah. God. Wow. Oh, Nick, I'm glad you survived that. Me Too. Luckily nobody got too hurt. Oh, Well, that was fun. What a great story. I'm sorry that happened to you. You really went through the spin cycle as you said. I really did. Did you Revisit exercise? I Have stayed outside for my running Sure. For a while. Not jump on a treadmill for many years. Yeah. At least when you fall down there, you stay put. Exactly. Unless there's an earthquake happening At the same time. Yeah. Or you fall in and then you, yeah. Oh, I wouldn't say I'm the most graceful person either. So I've been known to trip just on the sidewalk. You're Terribly cute though. I think it works perfectly with what you're presenting. Thank you. Yeah. You have kind of a Steve Corll.


He's got a sweetness. Yeah. And a Steve Corll. A Steve Corness. Yeah. Yeah. Who do people tell you you look Like Manchi cheese. You ever heard of those guys? Manchi cheese. Muci cheese. They're so soft and cuddly. Manchi cheese. You Know, we used cheese. We used to call Delta manchi cheese. Yeah, we did. Aw, I think she had a mue cheese. She Did. She had a little one. Yeah. I don't get a lot of comps to celebrities that I can think of. Tell people, Steve Carrell, You just died. You just start telling people you know who I look like. I do need to give a quick shout out to my daughter, grace and my son Sam. I let them listen to a very choice few of these. Oh, did they like the story of the man decomposing at brunch in Canada?


Oh. Oh. You haven't heard that one yet? God, I'll wait till they're a little older for that one. You Should use that as punishment if one of 'em fucks up. You're like, you get in that room and you listen that nine minutes and you listen to it over and over again. Ooh. That Most rough One. I'll bookmark that one for later. Okay. We'll give our love to your babies. Yes. Thanks for sharing. All right. Thanks guys. Take care. From 7 59 near death experiences. Rob, our burritos are ready. All right. I'll let Steve in and I'll go grab him. Hello. Hi Steve. Can you hear us? Yes, I can. You can hear me? Hey. Yeah. Yes. Oh, you're Canadian.


No, Good guess. Oh, okay. You threw an A in there, didn't you? Did I hear an A? You Did. Can't tell you why. Are you Married to a Canadian? I'm not. Sometimes people just say it. Okay. Where are you from? St. Louis, Missouri. Nice. Yeah. That's pretty far from Canada. Now, of course, I live in Monterey, California. Oh, you nice Do. That's a enviable location. Yes, it is. Garden spot of the world. Spectacular. Okay. Steve, you have a near death experience and you've made it 'cause we're talking to You. Yeah. That's the good news about these stories. We do know everyone's made it. Unless we talked to a medium, we talked to someone beyond the, the grave set the scene for us. What year is this? Where is it at? This Was end of June in 2022. Oh. Recent.


It was at the southern end of the Monterey Bay. It was a sunny, clear, beautiful day. No wind, no waves, no chops. So I thought I'll go for an ocean swim. I swim in the ocean for a dozen years, and I had retired a year and a half earlier. In that year and a half of retirement, I had organized my life around outdoor group activities. I was running with the Wednesday night laundry runners, and I was riding with the Bella Club, and I was swimming with the kelp crawlers. Well, this incredibly gorgeous day, I had to swim. I went to the beach and unfortunately nobody else was there. You'd usually get half a dozen people on a Wednesday morning, but this time I was the only one there. Oh. So I got on my wetsuit and my hat and booties.


It's very cold. The water's 55 degrees, got in the water, and the beach is about a hundred yards wide. And as I started to swim out from the beach as a jetty on the left, sticks out about 75 yards. And I went out around that jetty and I went to the left and hugged the coast around Lover's Point. Now, before you get too many ideas about Lover's Point, its full name is lovers of Jesus Point. Oh wow. Which not everybody knows. Wow. Not as romantic as I thought. I just Don't associate that with seafarers. And that's an interesting mashup. I went About three quarters of a mile, hugging the coast the whole way. And then I turned around, came swimming back. No waves, no chop. When it's sunny, you see all the kelp and the fish and all the sea grasses flowing back and forth.


And the sea stars. It's just gorgeous. Do you see seals out there ever? You do Seals sometimes like to swim under you, which can be a little disconcerting. You're swimming along and there's this gray shape that all of a sudden appears under you. Yeah. 'cause don't they hunt within the sea kelp? They absolutely do. And I came back around the point, and I'm heading towards the jetty when all of a sudden, wham. I just, out of nowhere, I just got tossed up in the air and turned and I didn't know what was going on. And then I was plunged back into the water. I look and I am arm's length from the enormous head of a great white shark. No. Oh, no, no, no, no. The water there is about 20 feet deep.


And the shark came from below and grabbed and fully breached up into the air. You've seen photos of a great white with a seal in its mouth. Yes. But its breach is out of the water. That was me. No. Oh My God. I didn't know all that at the time. There were people on the beach who saw it. So some of this is reconstructed later, but pull it back down under the water and then it spit me out. What Do you think? 'cause of the wetsuit Turns out great. Whites will oftentimes bite the prey and then back off and let it bleed to death. Oh My. You can imagine they eat seals and sea lions and elephant seals. These things have teeth and they have claws and they can fight back. So oftentimes they'll let the thing bleed.


All I know for sure, I was underwater, maybe, I don't know, five feet. I'm guessing I could see light. So I knew which way was up. Fortunately, I had air in my lungs probably 'cause it lifted me into the air and I got a good breath. I don't know. And then it was right there arms length away from me, the left side of its head. And I can't tell you how enormous this thing is. I'm looking at that black eye and you could see this white and gray body and its teeth from its lower jaw sticking up. I could see it's bobbing, its head back and forth as if it was deciding whether to bite me again or not. Oh, Really quick. Did you immediately recognize it as a great white or was it taking you a minute like, is that a whale? Is that a this or did you immediately know what it was?


I instantly knew I am a docent at the Monterey Bay Aquarium. I show people hammerheads and seven gill sharks and all these things. I knew it was a great white. Your mind goes very quickly at that moment. Do you get to the point where you surrender? You're like, I'm gonna die. This is it. No, I was calm. I knew I was very badly hurt. I didn't know exactly where it had bit me yet. But looking at it, I was thinking, Hey, I taste of neoprene. I'm wearing a white hat and goggles. I'm not a seal. I am not your food. Please don't bite me again. And at that point I thought, I'm gonna punch it. Ah, yeah, yeah. My fist didn't quite reach its lower jaw. But when I stuck up my fingers, I jabbed and hit its lower jaw.


Tell me this, now you work at the aquarium. I had always heard you want to hit 'em on the nose. You went lower jaw. That's What I could reach. If you had had your druthers. Is the nose the right thing? I don't know. Yeah. What I would've aim, there's some, some, there's some notion that that's the right thing to do. Well, there's these Weird videos where they come up on the side of the boat and they rub their nose in a weird way. And If you seen this, it puts them in a like suspended state for like 20 seconds. They'll float back down and then they kind of come too, something with their nose. There's so much stuff packed in the end of that nose anyways. You hit it in the jaw with your fingers. I tried to kick at it, although my injuries were such that probably I couldn't. I don't know. Yeah. I think I kicked at it and then it was just gone. I don't remember it swimming away, but I got myself up to the surface.


There was a security camera in the distance that captured this whole thing. No way. That captured the shark breaching. And then 12 seconds later, I come up and start yelling. When I got to the surface, I knew I was badly hurt. I didn't know how bad, and I sort of leaned back to try to get my legs up. I thought, don't let your legs hang down. It'll just bite you. Again. As I lifted my knees up, I could see my left leg where there should have been wetsuit or skin. It was just nothing but hamburger. Ready. Oh my God. And the water was red, and I knew I was in horrible trouble. I just swam a mile and a half. There was absolutely no way I could swim the remaining 150 yards to the beach. All I could do was yell for help and hope that there are brave, kind, skilled strangers that can hear me and are willing to come out and risk their lives.


And that's what happened. I was really unlucky to be bitten by the shark. And then some things happened that are just hard to believe. I'm yelling, help, help just as loud as I can. You can actually hear it on that security camera. I could hear the emotion in my voice. I was not in terrible pain, but I knew I'm not gonna make it. I was yelling for help and I couldn't see anybody coming. There was so much blood. Oh, I thought, I don't wanna die like this. That was awful. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Finally, I looked to the right and saw a paddle border, and I yelled some more and I looked again, and he was coming right at me and closer. I thought, okay, I've got a chance. It turns out that there was a couple on an anniversary trip.


They lived three hours away in Sacramento. Amy and Paul, they had gone paddle boarding and they heard me and they started coming my way. They were a couple hundred yards away. He is a police officer, a first responder. No, she is a nurse, a healthcare professional. Impossible luck on top of impossible, terrible luck. That's exactly right. And they knew it was a shark. They could tell from the way I was yelling, there was something was way wrong. They were mentally preparing. Paul was thinking, if it is a shark, I'm gonna take the paddle and put it down his throat. He's a first responder. He does this for a living. He said, no question. I was coming to save. And then is, if that wasn't enough from the beach, there was a group of school kids from Kansas who were out here for a weekend.


It's called Blue Theology. They were here to learn about the ocean and how to take care of it. And there was a guy teaching them ocean appreciation. This guy is a surfer, a former lifeguard, a surf rescue guy. Whoa. Wow. And one of the dads of the Kansas kids saw the shark and yelled to Heath, Hey Heath, there's a guy out there he needs you. So Heath, the surf rescue guy. He grabbed two surfboards, stacked one on top of the other and paddled out to me. Oh my God, Jesus. Can you imagine a healthcare professional, A first responder and a surf safety guy? Wow. Were the three people who heard me, and they all came rushing to me. And did they get you on top of one of these surfboards? That must have been very hard. Paul, the police officer got to me first and tried to get me on the board.


I don't remember this. I was in and out of consciousness. He could not get me on his board. Then Keith put the second surfboard in the water for me. They tried to get me on that board. It didn't work. And finally they said, look, you're gonna have to help. And I remember I reached up with my arm and I helped pull myself up onto the board. The injury was the shark's mouth bit me across my thighs and back across my lower abdomen. Of course, it's a U-shaped bite, so it got me from the right side. There's a big gouge just above my right knee, and then across my left thigh, and then there are teeth marks along my left hip, and then a big scar across my belly. It looks like a C-section scar now.


But at the time it was file open. Oh, my belly was just wide open. It's like you've got 14 huge punctures is what you have, right? I mean, that's how it does it. The bottom Teeth puncture and hold. So across my backside are just a bunch of puncture marks. But the top teeth cut. Ah-huh. So it's just all ripped. Oof. Wow. Whoa, mama. My God. They did get me onto the surfboard, and I was lying face down on the surfboard, and Heath was yelling, grab my heel. So with my left arm, I grabbed his heel. He was lying face down on his board, and he starts paddling and pulling me in. Amy, the nurse realized that I was gonna fall off the board.


My legs didn't work, my belly didn't work. I was unconscious. And she left the relative safety of her paddle board and jumped into the water. Got half on the back of the board, holding my legs on the board, and the other half of her is in the water. Blood's pouring off of me, and she held my legs on the board and kicked while Heath was paddling to get me to the shore. Meanwhile, Paul ever prepared the police officer. He had his phone with him. He pulled his phone and called nine one one.


Looking for your next streaming obsession. Paramount Plus is a mountain of all new original dramas, including the series. Everyone is talking about Landman starring Billy Bob Thornton, John Ham, and De Me Moore plus lioness with Zoe Saldana and Nicole Kidman and Tulsa King starring Sylvester Stallone. From Showtime comes the agency, a spy thriller starring Michael Fastbender and Richard Ge get the Paramount Plus with Showtime Plan to start streaming. Today


We are supported by Audible Audible's. Best of 2024 picks are here. Mm. Audible's curated list in every category is the best way to hear 2020 four's best in audio entertainment. Like a stunning new full cast production of George Orwell's 1984. This is the one I am most excited to indulge myself with. I'm so excited to listen to James, which is a new title by personable effort that is very, very hot right now. Hmm. Well, there's so many good ones on the list. We love Audible. This is how you Go to bed. I love Audible. I swear by Audible. I can't wait to listen to the Orwell 1984 off this list. I'm also doing fleas by autobiography right now, which I'm obsessed with. I can't get enough Audible in my life every night. Go to Audible dot com slash dax and discover all the years best waiting for you. That's Audible dot com slash dax.


We are supported by Quince. Tis the season of holiday gifting, but finding the perfect gift can be pretty overwhelming for timeless gifts made from premium materials at an affordable price. Quince has your back. Quince lets you treat your loved ones and yourself to quality essentials like their Mongolian cashmere sweaters, which start at just $50. That's an elevated gift at a price that won't break the bank. Or for more winter coziness, try their super soft fleece sweatpants or their packable puffer jackets both perfect For anyone who's traveling for the holidays. Yes. Okay. They also have, they're called ultra stretch point P-O-N-T-E, straight leg pants. And they are really, really great. They're great for travel. They're very cozy Gift luxury. This holiday season without the luxury price tag. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for 365 day returns, plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


So is there an ambulance waiting when they get you to shore? From the time I started yelling until the time you can see the ambulance on the street. Three minutes. Wow. Whoa. That feels impossible. Wow. The city really prioritizes public health, and so they have a ambulance stationed in the middle of the town. Happens to be six blocks from where I was. There's a hospital five miles away, but the taxpayers pay to keep the ambulance close. So I gotta thank everybody. But there's another step in between that's equally amazing that got me to the beach. And of course I'm bleeding. My left arm is all ripped up both thighs and my abdomen. I need tourniquets on the beach.


Vacationing independently. Were two ICU nurses and a doctor. Oh my god. Doctor from Detroit. ICU nurse from Kansas. ICU nurse from North Carolina. What? Well, I do have to put a little bit of a socioeconomic spin on this good place to get injured in Monterey, where professionals go on their vacation. Yeah, True. Like this happens at ERs Beach or Panama City, Daytona. You might, you might not have the same staff on hand. Pretty good point. Whoa. Wow. So everyone just starts tourniquet you up. It's exactly right. Noelle, we've chatted with her, one of the ICU nurses, she got halfway in the water and sort of accepted the surfboard. There were six or eight people around me as they rolled me over and she saw my leg and she thought, well, he's gonna lose the leg.


She looked at my face and saw that I was in my sixties and my face, she said, was gray. She thought I would not make it. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. And she thought even If you do make it, you're gonna be badly brain damaged from lack of blood to the brain. And then she saw my wedding ring and she thought, oh, how terrible for the spouse. Yeah. Then they got me into the ambulance and drove the 28 miles to Naida Trauma Center. I was on the operating room table with the surgeons ready to go scalpels in hand 59 minutes after the shark bite. Wow. Whoa. Wow. It's kind of crazy. You lived that long. I mean, I just know. Have, you must have lost so much blood.


I know. They start pumping blood into you immediately. I'm not sure. I do know the anesthesiologist. The day after the surgery, he stopped by my room and he said, when I heard that the incoming trauma victim was a 62-year-old shark bite victim with massive blood loss, he said, I didn't have a lot of hope for you, but your heart and lungs responded like you were in your twenties and that's why you survived. I had been doing all this outdoor group exercise. Yes. That really helped. Of course, if I hadn't been exercising, I wouldn't have been out there. It's six half dozen double sword. Yeah, yeah, yeah. How long was the recovery from that? I was in the hospital for three weeks. I was in the ICU for only one day because the wounds, although they were really bad, they were quite repairable.


The surgery took about two hours. They had to just stop the bleeding in my legs. They looked all through my belly. And amazingly it did not break through this sheath called the peritoneum that separates all the muscle and fat and whatnot from the internal organs. So no internal organ damage. There was a chip off of my left femur, but no broken bones. And amazingly it missed the big arteries to the leg. According to the surgeon, the big artery that runs down front of your body into the leg, the iliac artery. He said it missed the artery by a millimeter. Yeah. Like the 20th of an inch. Oh, it's amazing.


The iliac. This artery is literally touching the big nerve that goes down into the leg that you use for your quads. That nerve was completely destroyed. Unusable. My right quads don't work, but the blood vessel that's touching it untouched. And the surgeon said, look, if it had been a millimeter over, you would've bled the death before you got to the beach. Yeah. Right? Yeah. Oh. Oh my God. The surgeon who's been a trauma emergency room surgeon for a dozen years said, I'm the luckiest patient he is ever seen. Fuck. Wow. And would you ever swim in the ocean again? No. Yeah. Good. I'm so glad to hear you say that. I think a lot of you folks would be like, Nope. Still love it.


I respect the shark. I know I'm back in. I'm proud of you. I'm glad you're staying away. Yeah. Fuck that. There's other places. Swim. Don't touch fade again. Yeah. I swim at the swimming pool at the community college. Yeah. There we go, Steve. Wow. Wow. Story. We've only heard one story comparable to that. We talked to a guy attacked by a grizzly bear once. Yeah. And it's kind of on that level. Lemme give you a sense of how big that shark is. They figured this out by looking at the inner tooth distance. And the expert says that the shark was 15 feet. I Googled that and it says that's probably 2000 pounds. No way. I'm getting back in that water. Yeah. Good. Yeah. Good. Let's stay out of there. Yeah. Oh boy. What a story that is gonna sit with Everyone.


Even show up tonight during our slumber. Exactly. Wow. I was afraid of that. It's part of why I don't go back in the water. Every now and then I close my eyes. I do see a shark. No, Steve. We're warm with, with the fear of monsters. And you actually got bit by a monster. Yeah. You were attacked by a monster. Yeah. Thank you for sharing that. Yeah, that was, it was harrowing. Really harrowing. You're Welcome. I do also wanna say thank you to the blood donors. In that two hour operation. I took 28 units of blood, which in round numbers is twice what the body holds. We're lucky to have you. We're lucky to still have You here. It such a good attitude. It's been two years and I'm mostly better. I still have some nerve damage in my legs, so they're sort of prickly.


And I'm on medicine. My right quads don't work at this point. I had some surgery, maybe it can come back. Don't know. Wow. Fingers crossed. In the meantime, I can walk pretty well and I can even ride a bicycle. So I'm doing great. Okay, wonderful. Well, Steve, thanks so much. Yeah. Have a great rest of your day. We appreciate It. Yeah. Stay outta the water. Yeah, Will too. Okay. Bye bye-Bye Bye. From 7 21 delivery driver stories. Hello? Hello there. Now Rags. This is a great name. Is that your nickname or just one you made up for this interview? That's my childhood nickname I got when I was about 10, 11 years old.


What instigated? That nickname Probably derived from my last name. It's an Italian last name. So they just kind of shorten it up a little bit. I like it. Even my parents called me that when I was a kid. It's a good nickname. Okay, now listen. Can I attribute this great vascularity in your left bicep to the fact that you're carrying a lot of packages? Or are you in the gym also? I do. Jim, also, I mean, this job will keep you young, that's for sure. Yeah. My grandpa's, sorry, go ahead. I'm gonna tell you about my grandpa's your time. You don't wanna hear about my grandpa. I'll listen to your grandpa. I love grandpa's stories, man. He loves, Well, he carried these 60 pound bags of flour at Wonder Bread for like 40 years. So his biceps were like for fucking bowling balls. And he never in his life lifted away.


But what glorious biceps he had. Right. It was a different generation back then. You know. They all worked hard like that. You Had to earn your biceps back then. I have a feeling your story is gonna have to do with the shirt you're wearing. I don't know if we're allowed to say. We Should probably not say. Yeah, we shouldn't say unless you, But I'm making that assumption too. Probably keep that under ranch. Okay, great. Probably because I'm taking a little lunch break. We'll just say one of the big three delivery Companies. Okay, great. Okay, so hit us with your crazy delivery story. Well, let me back up without saying who you work for. We've had a pizza delivery person. We've had flowers, delivery. I would imagine for them, they're gonna hit like 15 customers a shift. You must hit what, like 40, 70, a hundred houses a day or something.


1 50, 1 60 a day. Wow. Somewhere around there. Plus businesses tied in. It's a busy business. You're constantly walking up to people's houses. I would love this, by the way. It's a great job. I love the physicality of it. I love that there's not a boss with you all day. They leave you alone for the most part, unless you're fucking up. Do People ever tip? I have, but I don't know how common that is. Uhoh. Well, you know what? On my old route, which I loved, I was there 18, 19 years. It's a little small town. I knew everybody. He was great. This guy would gimme a $20 bill every time. Every time. Oh, that's so nice. Wow. You could sit there and try to reject it. He would just be like, I don't want you take it. He's a super nice dude. But yeah, we get tips. Every once in a while. Christmas time especially. People give gift cards and leave snacks out on the porch. Whoever's out there listening, leave snacks out for the Christmas.


We appreciate that kind of stuff. So I interrupted you. There's one that was crazy among, I'm sure many of you have. Yeah, I have a lot of 'em. But yeah, one is crazy. It was about 10 years ago in a rural part of Ohio, you know, on a back road. I found a guy dead outside of his house. Oh. Oh, That you jumped right to the bus. Oh my God. Whoa. He lived on this back road, and when you pull up to his house, he had a long driveway that went down in, he had a camera up top. By the time he got to the back of the truck and grabbed the package, he would've already walked up the driveway. And then by the time he got out, you just handed it to him and he went on his way. And then I would go on my way. So it was probably 10th, 15th time I delivered to him. I pull up there and you know, he doesn't show up, so I give a little double tap on the horn, give him a little bit extra time.


And this guy's a hoarder. He's got a lot of junk and a lot of stuff. And you can't even see the house from like the top of the road. So when he doesn't show up, I'm sitting here going, well, I'll just fucking walk this thing down. So I'm heading down the driveway and my head's on a swivel. 'cause this guy's got so much jump. And the first thing I'm thinking about is if who's got this much stuff, he's probably got a dog to protect it. You know what I mean? I don't wanna get bid. I'm on high alert. It's like sensory overload at this point. It's like November. So it's cold in Ohio and all the leaves are off the tree. It's kind of eerie, you know, walking down this driveway. Yeah, This sounds a little bit like a zombie apocalypse For sure. So I'm walking down there and I hear this radio playing from the house, and it's 150, 200 yards away from, so I don't think anything of it.


I'm walking down there and the leaves are swirling and shit. It's just a creepy atmosphere. I get down there and I see this guy laying outside. It's like by a work bench, blue collar people, they're always tinkering outside, so I don't think anything of it. And so I yell his name out and he doesn't respond to me. And I'm like, well Maybe you can't hear because of the, the radios on. I'm getting closer and all I see is his legs sticking out from this work bench. Oh God. I'm like, you know what? Halloween just passed. You know, maybe somebody stuffed a pair of jeans with some leaves or something. It is like scarecrow. And I'm looking around like now this fucking guy doesn't decorate. So I'm getting closer and he's still not responding to me. And I notice his arm was like behind his back and I could see his hand was like a grayish blue coat.


Oh No. So then I'm like, either this guy's dying right now, or he's already dead. Oof. Yeah. And then it's swirling. You're like, well what the fuck do I do? I might have to save this guy's life. You know, I was a boy scout when I was a kid. I took a lifeguard class on a CPR, But that shit goes right out the window. So I get closer and I get closer. This is where it gets fucked up. Wait, this is where it gets fucked up. Yeah. This Is where it gets even more fucked up. So he's got a lot of cats. I mean, they're everywhere. Oh, top of the roof of the house. They're in like broke down washer and dryer that's in the yard. And they're all doing this weird meowing and shit. And I'm just like, what the fuck?


So as I get closer, I definitely realize that he's dead. And when I get closer, the cats are up by his head and they are chewing. No, no. This is what's crazy. The day I responded, am I allowed to name drop? The lady that got a hold of me through the email? Yeah. Oh yeah. Emma. Emma. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Props. Emma. Big Props. No, Emma's the big old prop sea weapon that no one meets. Yeah, she's incredible. Absolutely. She did a great job. So when I'm responding to this email, I like Theon. Little quick thing pops up on my phone about 'em and it's about cats will eat their owners if they die inside the house. I read the same post from Theo. Yeah. Fuck yeah. He goes, they won't even wait. They'll just start. So I get up there, there's probably five to 10 cats up there.


Ew. I just got like a brief look 'cause I didn't wanna see anymore, you know? And I could see what they were doing and it just wasn't pretty. And I kind of like, you know, clap my hands a little bit. Oh, To make 'em scanner, Shoot, scream, scream. And they did to a degree. And then at that point I'm like, well, what the fuck do I do now? And I was like, well probably call the sheriff. Really Quick question. This is such a low priority given what you're dealing with, but did it cross your mind like, well, I can keep this package? No, that never crossed my mind. Oh my God. I think that would've crossed my mind. Like, well, he's dead. He doesn't need this package. I was just trying not to get eaten alive by the cats. That's all I was worried about. Just getting the fuck outta there. How long Did you think it was? Were you like, this is over a day Being in November, it was probably like 40 some degrees.


So it probably preserved the body a little bit. And so when the sheriff showed up, or the deputy, he comes down, I don't mean to think this is funny, but he walks up, he goes, yep, he's dead. Yeah, yeah. My god. Well you could desensitizing these jobs. And so he said it was probably a few days he was out there. You know, if this was August, he goes, you probably would've smelled him from the top of the driveway. How old was this gentleman? Probably mid sixties, somewhere around. He was an older gentleman. And was the theory, maybe he dropped dead of a heart attack? Or had he injured himself on this saw? I'm thinking he had a heart attack and then just felt dead on the spot because I didn't want to touch him either. In case something crazy did happen, somebody showed up, murdered him. My imagination might have ran away with me when I had already felt scared walking down.


It's a very creepy property. Oh, too many washing machines and rusted out cars and tractors. You see the dead body. You might think, is there a murderer in the house? You just never know. It was crazy. Total sidebar. But on first glance, the thing about the cats, it feeds my narrative that I don't like cats feed cat and I like dogs. But then I was just thinking about this, if I died and Rob and Monica wanted to eat me, it is. I'd also be extremely flattered by that. No, that's disgusting. You wouldn't be flattered If you died and Rob and I wanted to eat you. No, that's so disrespectful. I see both your guys' points. Wait, no you don't.


No one sees DAXs. Point on this. If We're on an island and we have no food, Maybe Well, that's fine. That's different. I just think it would mean like you guys loved me so much, you wanted to consume me after I died. No Muscle's too tough. We wouldn't have anything. Well, that'd be terrible. There's no debate there. It's just, I think I'd feel flattered if a cat ate me. I'd be like, you motherfucker. You never love me. But what I'm saying is If you guys chose to eat me, I would feel very loved by that. Okay. Good eating ceremony. Probably not gonna be doing that. So is this a part of your job? You like to, if you're an accountant every day, yeah, you're gonna come across some crazy receipts one day, but you're not gonna probably wander upon a dead body with cats.


I would like that part of your job. I do. That's why I've done it for so long. There's always something new around a corner that you've never seen. Whether it pisses you off or you're like, wow, that was pretty fucking cool. Have you ever caught people making love? I've heard it, but I've never really seen it. I mean, I've had people open the doors, snake and shit. And it's always usually the dudes that do it. Oh, come on dudes. Dudes need to get their shit together. Get together, dude. It's a real problem. Answer the door like an adult. I know, my god. Wow. Right. This is a showstopper. This was incredible. Yeah. I mean, fucking cat. This is making, this is top five. Shit. Thank You. Let's just all agree that nothing will ever, ever pass the woman in a marathon who shit herself and then had an orgasm.


I will never hear a story as long as I live. Yeah, That's number One. I didn't expect to top that one. Yeah, There's no beating that. No. Mine doesn't even hold that jock strap for That one. Yeah, she's the Jordan. Well, great. Meaning you rag. This was a Party. Thanks for sharing that. No, thank you guys so much. You guys made this easy. And also another thing, you know when I was going through that whole story, props to EMTs and shit that have to deal with that stuff on a regular basis to keep their cool. Shout out to those guys for sure. Yeah. When shit gets too heavy for us, we have people we call and then they show up and deal. Those are other deal people. There're other humans on earth. Oh, well great meeting you, Ryan. Yeah. I hope we're keeping you company on the road there. Yeah, You guys made my day. Okay, wonderful. Thank you. All right.


Take care brother. Bye.


We are supported by Squarespace. If you've been to the armchair expert website, you've seen Squarespace in action. Wbi Wob made our website using Squarespace, the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. What I love about Squarespace is, aside from the functionality, it's just so visually pleasing. And Rob was able to whip this up in no time with all the incredible templates that were available to him. And it Looks very profesh. Squarespace just looks good. And Squarespace optimizes your website for every device. So it looks incredible whether users are on their computer, phone or tablet. No matter what type of site you want to build, Squarespace can help you make it. Wanna make an online store. Squarespace makes checkout seamless for your customers with simple but powerful payment tools. Wanna sell exclusive content on your site? Squarespace has the option to add a paywall so you can sell memberships and courses or files that your customers can download, like music or eBooks. Check out Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to get started, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dax to get started today.


We are supported by Better Help. There are so many things to love about December it's holiday season. There are breaks from work and school on the calendar to spend time with loved ones. Not to mention delicious seasonal treats. Staying cozy in the winter months is essential. And therapy can be a great way to bring yourself some comfort. That never goes away, even when the seasons change. Oof. Therapy is essential to me during the holidays especially because I generally am going home, Right? Yes. And And I need sort of some stability and guidance from my therapy and guidance. Yeah. To stay nice. Well, if you've ever been considering Starting Therapy, give Better Help a try. It's completely online so it's easy to integrate into your schedule. Better Help is flexible too. It's easy to book or move appointments on their platform. And if the therapist you're matched with isn't the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Find Comfort this December with Better Help. Visit better help.com/dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help hlp.com/dax.


We are supported by Anytime Fitness. If you been considering starting a fitness journey or if you're actively pursuing fitness goals, anytime Fitness has everything you need, not just for bigger muscles, but for a bigger, better life. The right equipment, easy anytime. Access to more than 5,000 global locations and expert coaching to help optimize your personalized training, nutrition, and recovery plan, both in person and in app. I got an Anytime Fitness membership for my brother one year for Christmas. Oh, you did? I did. Well that's a great gift. It Was a very big hit. Mm. Anytime Fitness is convenient with flexible, always open hours at thousands of locations worldwide. And an app that you can use anytime, anywhere. They have all the equipment you need to reach your goals. And Anytime Fitness is focused on creating an inclusive community vibe with welcoming members who push and inspire each other to reach their goals and have fun along the way. So what are you waiting for? Get started@anytimefitness.com


from 7 0 4 Greatest fears. Hello? Hello. Hi. We have dueling dog pitchers behind our heads. You've got a golden retriever or two. Those are different. Yeah. Two Nelly on the left. I can't even tell left or right from your view, but Rooney is the other one. One is like a sweet angel and the other is like crackhead. They sound alternative Rooney and Ellie. They sound like they're into alternative stuff. Nelly Short for Penelope. Oh, also a cute alternative name. I love these names. Do you have any children? I do not. Right. I would've guessed that because the care with which you've given these dogs names, most people's just like, oh fucking whatever.


We'll call 'em Gus. This is meticulous. Yeah, well I feel like I'll always have these photos now that I printed them. So they'll always have their space. Whether we have kids or not. I hope You use Frame Bridge to mount and display those. I wanted to. This was like a cheap option. Okay. So Jane, you had one of your greatest fears come true. Is this true? Yes, I did gonna be a little cringe worthy. Oh, Okay. Exciting. That's my favorite kind. Little backstory. My husband and I had gone to visit my parents for like a long weekend. We had a wedding. My parents were selling their house, so their estate sale, like no furniture in the house, no beds except for the one they were sleeping in.


So my husband and I basically slept on the floor one night 'cause the air mattress deflated. And then the next night, patio cushions, makeshift bed in the family room with my sister. It was kind of a long weekend with that, not sleeping well. And then we were driving home and we were kind of like, we haven't done the deed in a while. The long weekend, whatever happened the week before. It had been a while. I just wanna point out that I'm proud of you that a long weekend without was a long time. No, no, she said the week before. Oh she did? Yeah. Oh, okay. I thought just you hadn't banged on the weekend. And that had been a long time. That was an exciting timetable. But Normally the weekend we try to make time for each other, you know, we're not working or stressed.


Yeah. So the week before and then the weekend we were horny, we were on the ride home, we were like, alright, we gotta scratch the itch when we get home, we get home, we unpack a little bit and I think I was just like scrolling on my phone on the couch. And my husband, you know, gave me the eye. We made our way to the bedroom and went from there. I think for those earlier reasons I was a bit more vocal than normal. Okay. 'cause of the buildup. Yes. I had even, I really rarely do this, but like gave a little instruction, you know. Oh, nice. A little bit. The less Wonderful. This is the dream. Yes. I should be Doing that. Yeah, Right. A great experience. Yeah. And then we're nearing the end and my phone starts to vibrate.


Like I'm getting a call, I kind of just ignore it. I'm like, oh, my sister's probably calling me. And then my husband's phone starts to buzz as well. Oh no. But we're like so close to the end. We're like, we're just gonna power through and figure it out after we finish. I just, I'm having Aaron weekly flashbacks, but please continue. So immediately after he looks up and sees my phone is towards the head of the bed by the pillows and he goes, are you on Instagram live right now? No. You're kidding. You're kidding me. No, No. I panic. I've never flipped over so fast to grab my phone. Oh My God.


I knew Monica would just, This is, I love this. Wow. And even worse, I'd be, oh my God, panic. And then you'd be like, well I only have so many followers. Probably no one saw. But then you're like, well no, people are already warning us that people I know have seen this. I'm immediately like, our phones were buzzing. So I flip over. I see. It's like face up camera is facing to the ceiling. It's on live. There's a few names underneath. You can only see a few. Like who are in the live. Oh, of course. One of the only ones I saw was an ex-boyfriend.


Oh. Oh. And like an old friend. That's all I see. Before I just panic, exit out of everything. Flush Your phone down the toilet. I want to, I immediately was just running around the house naked. Like, what do I do with myself? Like I can't even fathom. I got a call from a friend I hadn't talked to in forever and she was like, I know we haven't talked in a long time, but I would've wanted you to call me If you noticed. And I was like, I have no words. I'm so embarrassed. I, She Was like, I joined and immediately left and started calling you. People got messages like Janie went live. Yes, Of course. What Happened?


That's what like On their phone. I've seen that when people, I'm following. Go live. I get alerted, Piecing it together. I call my sister freaking out. My husband just is like, oh gosh, jumps in the shower, doesn't Give a fuck next. Oh my God. Well, he kind of killed it. Sounds like he was killing it. I know. He's like, he's proud as a peacock. So what do you think? I'm glad your ex-boyfriend heard that. I brought it home. What do you think people saw if it was facing the ceiling? Do you think They just heard. Heard? So they just heard, oh, Okay. Thank God. I'm not typically noisy. I just happened to be like, you know what? Screw it. This is a great experience. I'm gonna be louder. I just, I can't. But you know what's interesting? Really quick. So for me on the outside and acknowledging I'm a man, if I had to get caught having sex, that would be the version I'd want.


Which is like, I'm kind of a hellcat and a lot of fun. Honestly. He's in the shower, I'm just pacing. He was like, you should just post on your story. Like, well, hope you enjoyed the show. Yeah, Yeah. I really contemplated it. I was like, I, I guess we can own it. Yeah. Whatever. Yeah. But my sister was like, ignore it. It never happened. Don't talk about it. Think how much different it could have gone. The conversation they could overheard is like, I know. Yeah. Get lube. Oh, where's the lube? Oh, do you need a minute? That's, do I need to help? True. It could have been impotence and it could have been dryness and it could have been like maybe an ouch Look, we all know how it can go. Yeah. I've replayed the sex in my mind so many times. Like, what exactly was I saying?


Yes. I have nightmares. I'll often, this happens honestly, every other time now, if I don't leave my phone outside of the room, I mids sex. I'm like, I have to look at my phone and make sure it's Off. Oh my gosh. Scarring. That is so scarring. Get the anxiety. But mostly it seems like it was just girlfriends, which, whatever. That's fine. But the ex, I don't know. The Ex-boyfriend was just me. Even more wishing he was still with you. I, that's a win. It should Be harder to go live. Yeah. You should have to like, you should have to click, type in a code. You should give your Password. I've never gone live before. You have to swipe up. Hit start. Like, I don't know how my hand, I just threw my phone on the bed.


Ugh. So I got a notification from Instagram shortly after, like you've been flagged for sexual activities. Oh wow. Well, my sister's friend reported it because she thought it would like end it. Oh. Like it would get Cut off. Oh, that makes sense. Yeah. Although now you're a registered sex offender. Thank God I'm private. I don't know if coworkers thought, I have no idea. I'm a nurse. There could have been doctors that I work with on and I don't know. Nobody has brought it up to me. And I imagine all your interactions for the next week. You're like hyperfocused on like, are they acting differently among me? Which makes you act differently, which then could make them act, act differently. Yeah. The flag on Instagram, like took it off and it said seven M underneath seven Minutes.


No, that is Long. Oh no. I was like, maybe it was seven minutes ago. And then the longer I thought, I was like, no. That was the entire experience. Seven whole minutes. People going in and out, in and out of the live. I have no words. It was so scary in the moment. But I mean, I laugh about it. I tell everybody now. Yeah. Yeah. It's a, it's fantastic. A great story. Did you happen to hear my best friend Aaron Wheatley's story about being on a Zoom AA meeting in the morning and he had no idea. His microphone on diarrhea. Yes. Yelling at his dog. Coughing. Yeah. I think about it all the time. That's worse. 'cause he was like, as gross as he can possibly be.


Right. And I was like, what? Did I sound hot? Yeah, right. I was calling friends like, did it sound good or was I like a beach D whale? From What you described, it sounds really hot. I like to think so. I'm sure it was. I really almost posted. Hope you enjoyed the show. Oh, That's great. Oh, that's a good one. I'll never not think about it when I'm having sex. Hopefully in a year I'll not think about it. Since You have these two dogs, are you guys ever having sex and you look away from your husband, you notice one, your dog's just staring you directly in the eyes? Well that Or they start like licking toes. Oh yes. Oh God. We usually lock 'em out. But you know, sometimes, you know, it's random. They're there. Oh, we used to have a dog, Lola, that would like try to get right in the action.


All of a sudden you're like, what's my, my leg? There's some hair. Oh man. Geez. Louis. Oh, Jane, thanks for that. That was wonderful. It's a good cautionary tale too. Keep your phones away Out of the room. Well, I wanted to say thank you guys. We had a really rough year last year, and this year is starting off better and we are going into a fertility treatment in a couple days. And I just feel so positive and happy and so excited. You guys really did that for me and that Oh good. Means more than, you know, going into this process. Did you listen to race to 35? A hundred percent. I did. It felt really good to hear people talking about it, because you just see the same stories you Google.


It's the same people. Yeah. There's not a lot. I appreciate you guys so much. Well, thank you so much. Sending You lots of luck and love. Triple fingers crossed. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Great meeting you Jane. Good luck with everything. You too. Okay. bye-Bye. From 7 47 house sitting stories. Tyler. Hi. Yes. How you doing? I'm doing really well. It's really great to meet you right now. Yeah. Where You at? I'm In Palatine, Illinois, right next To where I grew up. Oh, Robbie Rob said that's right where he grew up. Neighbors. I went to high school at Rem. Where? Friend? Fremd rem. Did you know REM to high school?


I don't think I have even passed that one. Okay. Did you move here as an adult? Once I married my wife, we moved to Peloton, Illinois. Neighbor to wwa. Yeah. Maybe one day you'll have children that'll end up going to re re that terrible name for what kind of name is. Yeah, it's like, is it friend? Not but do they misspell friend. It's the last name William. Friend. Friend. It's terrible. Yeah, it's really bad. Okay. How did you spell that? Wobbe. Wop. F-R-E-M-D. Fuck that. Terrible. Okay. Tyler, please. You have a house sitting story for us? Yes, I do. So this takes place in Sugar Grove, Illinois that's really close to Naperville, Illinois.


If you're familiar with That. I know it very well. Bob Odenkirk is from there. Perfect. So sugar grove's, just 15 minutes west. I was asked to watch my best friend's family's house and I was also to watch their family dog while they were gone. They would be gone for a full week. I've watched their house quite a few times. So there was nothing new about this. And the first few days went completely fine, and it was Thursday night that things went a little bit different. I went to sleep with a movie on. It was late and it was approximately 2:00 AM I had woken up and to explain a little bit of the layout of the house, it is an open concept living room and it's a conjoined dining room and kitchen.


And I had the dog with me on the couch. So I wake up and I see that the dog is kind of going crazy. She's just a small shitzu. She's barking up a storm and I just slowly turn around and there is just glass shrapnel all over the ground. Oh my God. Of the dining room. There's dishware all over. Oh, what? I look at the appliances in the kitchen and where the dishwasher is. It's just pulverized the door's like off the hinge. Oh my God. Hold on. We were just handed photos of the scene. I don't think the listener can even imagine the amount of destruction. Oh my God. That has happened in this kitchen.


And I'm immediately curious how the fuck you slept through whatever happened. It's like a demo. It feels like it was. Yes. Yes. They were demoing the kitchen. Oh my God. Okay, wait. Okay, so the dog's freaking out. You look over, there's shit everywhere. I'm trying to comprehend what I'm seeing. I had come from a very deep sleep and I did kind of sleep through whatever the initial noise was and I'm looking at the kitchen and I'm thinking to myself, what caused this? I smell some gas in the air. Maybe there was an earthquake that came through because I could hear some rumblings going on. Yeah, That's what it looks like. Well, like a 9.6.


Yeah. I can't really think very well, but at the same time I'm like, I gotta call my friend Tim. I give him a call. They're in New Jersey. Hold on A second, Tyler, what on earth are you gonna tell them? But Tim's the song, the friend of the, yeah. Okay. Yep. Looking at these pictures again, we're gonna have to somehow post 'em or something. There's no explanation. You gotta have an explanation before you call. Call Tim. Right. It's insane. So that's the part that is really funny. This voicemail that I left, because they're in New Jersey, so they're definitely asleep at this time. And I'm like, Hey Tim, I hope that your vacation's going well. Things are getting weird here. So If you can gimme a call back, that would be great.


Thanks. Bye. Oh my God. It's like a Poltergeist is in the house. Okay. I smell gas. Oh no. Did I leave the oven on? Did I blow up the oven and destroy the kitchen? But a moment later I hear a knock at the door, a little unsettling. 'cause it's really early and I just make my way to the door and I'm like, oh, it's a neighbor. They're probably checking. They probably heard the explosion. I open the door and I can see his face is a little concerned. He's like, Hey, you know that there's a car in your house right now. And I'm like, what do you mean? Like a car went through your house? Oh. Oh, hey, gimme that other picture.


Oh my God. Wait. Oh my God. Leah, look in the garage, there's a fucking car buried. Oh, in the corner of, okay. Okay. Immediately I just go like, man, that is so much better. I thought I blew up the kitchen. This is Way better. He is like, no, no. It's a car through your garage. And so we can see that the red and blue lights are coming into the subdivision. I go inside, I grab a shirt, I grab the dog and I wait for the ambulance to approach. The fire chief comes to me and he's like, are you all right? Is everything fine? I'm like, well, things are damaged in there, but I'm fine. He is like, we gotta make sure that the house isn't compromised in any way.


So he goes in and as I'm standing outside, another neighbor comes over to me and he is like, Hey, are you the homeowner? I'm like, no, I'm actually just house sitting. And he's like, well, I'm the one that called 9 1 1. I was awake at the time of the collision. So I ran outside and I can see that there's a young guy coming out of the wall of the home. Oh. And he looks like he's about to run. And so I tell him, stop right there. We need to wait for the cops to come. And moments later, my buddy Tim finally gives me a call back and this is where I finally get a chance to go around the house and check the damage as we put it together later.


What the driver did was he came from the entrance of the subdivision. It's a curved road and it goes into a straight, instead of taking that straight, he went through the curve. He went over an empty grass lot and he went over a curb, a road, another curve. Oh my God. Up into the yard and through the bushes and nailed the one car garage that's attached to the house. So he blew through the side of the garage, not the garage door. Yes. Oh my fucking God. Right. Yeah. Like right. There's a huge hole. He came hole behind that bush came. Okay. He made it through that first wall. And he obliterated all the tools that are in there. Yes. That was mostly what the garage was used for. It climbed Outta the wall, The car stops its impact at the final wall, which is the shared wall between the kitchen and that garage.


So that destroyed the oven and threw all that shrapnel through the kitchen. I cannot believe you Did not wake Up. How on earth, Tyler, did you not wake up a Car literally drove through a House. That's a joke you'd say to your partner like, you sleep so deep, a fucking truck could run through here. Exactly. Wouldn't even wake up. Like I even wonder if the dog hadn't been barking, If you would've just woke up the next day. I Usually tell the story as I had the movie up very loud. There was an action movie going on. Okay. Watching Die Hard. Oh my God. Wow. Holy fuck. The fire chief comes back out. He's like, Hey, do you have anywhere you can stay for the night?


And I'm like, no, the dog's got all her stuff in there, so I gotta stay here. And he is like, okay, that's fine. If you're fine with a hole in the house, we cut the gas. So that should be fine for tonight. At least the next morning comes. He did inform me that an inspector would be coming in to check the house to see how it was compromised. The inspector comes, he goes down into the basement, he comes back upstairs and he is like, we're going to wait for the homeowner so I can speak to him and go through all the insurance stuff that needs to be done. And so he leaves about a couple hours later, Tim's dad finally arrives. They have cut their trip short, obviously, to come deal with this. Yep. He actually came back by himself. He left the rest of the family in New Jersey to finish the vacation.


Oh God. He just wanted to get a jump on all of the insurance stuff. And he was just so overwhelmed. He comes in and he's so happy that I'm fine. I was sleeping on the couch. Yeah, Yeah. He was going another 30 miles an hour. Still wouldn't have woke up. The shrapnel definitely hit the back of the couch. Oh. Oh My God. So he was just so happy that everything was fine on my end. But as we're reminiscing, he's like, do you smell some gas? I'm like, they said they cut the gas, we go outside. And there were many people that day just driving by looking at the hole in the house. So the police officer was there. We flag him down and we're like, Hey, we smell some gas right away.


He calls the fire department, the fire department that was there earlier in the morning. They come back, they check and they see that the inspector that was there, he had thought that the gas was still on, so he turned it off, but he really just turned it back on. Ah, My God. Oopsies. That's a mistake that shouldn't really be able to be made because a gas line, if the thing's in line with the gas pipe, it's on and if it's perpendicular, it's off. That's how they're made. Yeah. I was in my mid twenties, so I didn't know how any of that really worked. We had learned a week later about what happened to the driver. The driver's blood alcohol level was twice the legal limit and he had cocaine in his system.


Oh. He should have been more alert. Should have seen that curve coming. They found a scale in his car and they had said that he was probably connected to some of the local drug dealing around the area. He actually lived just a few doors down. That is probably where he would've ran off to. But he did not have a great time that evening. Oh Wow. Oh boy. So he got arrested? Yeah. Oh boy. Well, hopefully he ended up in treatment. Oh boy. That's a pretty good low. It's a good story. In an AA meeting, did you get eyes on him that night? I saw the kid just sitting there on the curb and the cops were over him just watching him. So he was fine. From what I could see, what I learned later on was I heard rumbling happening. What I thought was an earthquake.


That was actually the The kid trying to get out reverse Of the car. For sure. Yeah. You gotta get out of there. Yeah. My God. Let's go. Wow. Are we allowed to post those pictures? Do you think the homeowner would be fine with that? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I think we gotta post those. I don't think anyone would realize how insanely damaging this event is. How funny though. You, you're trying to make you exploded. Yes. Trying to make sense of the kitchen that literally just self detonated. I'm really sad we didn't have the voicemail. We kept that voicemail that I had left to my buddy Tim for about a year or two. But when he changed phones, he forgot to keep it. Damn it. We listened to it so many times and every time it's just like something weird is going on.


I can't comprehend what I'm seeing, but it's not good. I'm so glad I saw it in the order. I did too. Yeah. That was great. Oh, this is great. Oh man. Oh, Tyler, that's a fucking, that was a good home run of a story. Yeah, man. All the drawers are thrown out. The island's been shoved forward. But it would be so confusing 'cause it's not like a robbery. There is no way to piece together what could have possibly, your Explanation was smart, which is like, oh, there is a gas explosion. Right. It does look like everything exploded off the wall And that far wall is where the oven is. So it's gone. I can't even tell that it's an oven anymore. And I classically do leave an oven on once in a while and my wife finds that.


So it wouldn't be beyond me to do that. Yeah. The oven is gone. It's nowhere in these photo. I love that, that you were relieved that it was a car That's driving. Oh, I would've been too. Me too. That Wasn't My fault. Oh, thank God. Just a car drove through the house. That what a blessing. Oh, Very. Stephanie Tanner from full house. She drove the car through The home. Into The home? Yeah. Oh, Okay. On Coke and drunk. No, Unfortunately. Just childish Old fashioned way. Yeah. Okay. Oh, well Tyler, thank you so much for sharing that story with us. That was great. Of Course. If you wouldn't mind, I would love to give a shout out to my wife. She was the original arm cherry that got me into listening to you all a couple years ago.


She was listening for this prompt, specifically. I said, if there is a house sitting story, oh, I will submit it and I'll try to tell it. And what's her name? Her name is Zoar. Well, thank you Zoar for turning Tyler onto the show, and I'm so delighted you guys listen. Thank You so much for listening to the story. I appreciate it. All right. Take care brother. Thank you. From 8 0 6 hotel stories. Hi there. Hi. Hi. Sorry. We were saying naughty stuff right as you signed on. Makes me happy. I love it. Are you in a bunk bed with a sheet? I am in a blanket for bunk bed.


Absolutely. It's my best option. This is a first. This is good. This sounds great. A lot of ingenuity happening. What do you do for a living? So I own a beach resort on the Jersey shore with my family. What? Cool. Wow. Have you ever seen like the situation in the gang? No, we're not that type of Jersey shore. We're like the quaint, family friendly, low key Jersey shorts. Were you ever curious when they were shooting that show to wander up there and see If you could see 'em? I was obsessed with them. Not Really our vibe, you know. Oh, okay. We like to stay a couple islands down. Okay. But they're fun to watch, I guess. That's fair. Am I right to think that the season is coming to an end? Is it a good time for you or a sad time? No, it's great. Couple more weeks to go and then we're done. Got it. Oh, I have a feeling this story is About their own.


Your own. Oh, that would be a first. A proprietor. It is. It's about our hotel and as low key as it normally is, we see our fair share of crazy stuff. So I've got a doozy for you guys today. Oh yeah. Okay. How many rooms are there? I want to get like kind of an idea of what we're looking at. 53. So we're pretty tiny. We're like a restaurant, nightclub, wedding venue. Oh wow. This sounds A lot of fun. Very nice. Really quickly. My grandparents owned a motel and I was just telling Monica that my grandma many times found dead bodies. Does that happen to you? No. Dead bodies for us. Knock on wood. Yeah. Okay, great. Great, great, great. Oh, sorry. Not knock, knock. There we go. Okay. Alright. Well I'm just gonna dive on into it. So it's a Friday morning, I'm coming into work and you know, we work some late night hours usually.


So sometimes in the morning I come in around checkout time for the hotel. I walk in, I open the front door right to our lobby. And normally it would be a pretty low key scene. It would be a couple people checking out. People would gather in their stuff, getting ready to go. And immediately I can tell that is not the case for this morning. It is a zoo in the lobby. There's pretty much the entire hotel's worth of people standing around. Geez. Our tiny little lobby. Geez. Oh wow. And they are losing their minds. Oh, I can immediately sense the tension in the room and I'm overhearing people going like, what did you lose? I lost my beach towels. They were pottery bond. They're monogrammed. We lost all their life jackets. So I am on high alert, I lock eyes with our front desk perceptionist, and she just gives me that nod, like, go to the office, I'm gonna meet you in there.


She presents me with a full yellow legal pad of missing items from hotel rooms. What Side note we are that idyllic little town where people leave all their stuff outside of the room at night. You leave your car doors unlocked, everybody puts their beach towels, their beach gear outside of their room. Never been an issue. But apparently today was not that day because almost every single hotel room had come down and reported something from outside of their room missing. Nothing like this has ever happened before. So I am in semi panic mode. You know, we wanna keep our guests happy and dunno what to do. So I'm reeling trying to think what's our next step here. And in walks two of our managers, and I have a manager, Heather, who does our front desk and a manager Tina, who does our housekeeping.


And they come in and they were in earlier than me, and we've got a story for you. One of our housekeepers had walked by one of the other rooms and noticed as she looked through an open door, a boatload of beach stuff, like mountains of beach gear in a certain hotel room. So she's like, all right, we've got an issue. So you know, it was like 10 45 when I got in there. Checkout's 11. So I'm like, all right, let's go upstairs. I gather my girls, we head up the stairs. Some of our rooms are ocean front and they've got private balconies. So we go to the one next to this room who's already been checked out of. And I walk out on the balcony and I'm peeking over to the next room and I'm trying to figure out, oh my God, is this it? And I just see mountains of things, all the beach towels stacked up, puddle jumpers, beach gear, I mean everything.


So it's now 1101, and this is no longer this lady's room. So I'm like, alright, let's go. So I leave my girls down the hallway, I go up, I knock on the door. Little side note about this lady. She's already been in issue in the hotel. Oh, oh, you know, we've got FARs, we've got a nightclub. We've had a lot of complaints about her so far already Ranging from just she's nosy or she's aggressive. Loud, Loud, aggressive, too drunk, causing scenes, chirping up people at the bar, being rude to the security guard. It's like, you name it, she was doing it. She's been a handful. Okay. So I knock on the door, tell her who I am, kind of give her the old, Hey, had a couple complaints about some hotel rooms. Are you missing anything?


She's like, oh no, whatcha talking about? And as she steps sort of to the side, I look over her shoulder and I'm like, how many towels did you bring with you on this vacation? This point, I'm like, I'm coming in the room. So I sort of just walk past her. And our rooms have a little bit of an entry hallway, and then they open up into the larger space. So I'm coming in and I'm clocking all the stuff. I'm seeing the towel with Olivia's name on it. Oh my God. The cuddle jumper with the mermaids on it. That's been been reported missing. I have the list with me and I'm like, this is it. We've got a kleptomaniac on her hand. As I walk through the threshold to the room, I look to my right and I catch eyes with somebody I know in her bed. Oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh.


We are supported by acorns. Acorns makes it easy to start automatically saving and investing for you, your kids, and your retirement. You know, the thing with investing is you got to be preparing for your future and when you might wanna retire, you know, so much of my thought at this point is how I do secure my future. And it's such an important step. We talked to a lot of experts on the show and we've had great conversations with some financial experts. But when you invest with Acorns, you don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you and you don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got right now. That could be just $5 a day or even your spare change. Sign up now and Acorns will boost your new account with a $20 bonus investment. Offers only available@acorns.com slash dax. That's A-C-O-R-N s.com/ DX to get your $20 bonus investment today. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LLC and SEC, registered Investment Advisor view important disclosures@acorns.com slash dax.


So we have a lot of different bands that play at our resort and some play weekly. And I look over and one of the trombone players from a band who plays at the resort a lot is tucked up to his chin in her Bed and just surrounded with merch, Endless gear. I mean, a hotel's full. You could have a whole camp with the amount of gear for children that is in this room. So I look at him and we're just eyes on each other like we know each other. And he's a deer in headlights. So I look over at her and I'm like, Hey, do you guys have any kids registered with your reservation? Because I know it's just her in this room. And she goes, oh, he has kids. So she's thinking on her feet. She's moving quick, she's trying, but I know this guy and he does not have children of this age, and I've never seen him with any family of anybody at the resort.


So I look right at her and I go, that's not true. Come on. And he is still just stone cold. So I'm like, listen guys, I'm under the assumption that you've stolen all this stuff from all of our hotel guests. I go, I'm gonna take it back. I go out to the hallway, I hootie hoo my staff and I ask them to come down and they bring a whole crew of housekeepers. I mean, this is five, six ladies arms full of stuff. Just taking it all out At this moment. In your mind, have you tried to figure out, 'cause I'm immediately thinking this is the act of a super hammered person that didn't really know what they were doing. Not so much that they actually are a thief that wants this stuff. My guess right now is she woke up and was just as surprise as you are that all that stuff was in her room. She was absolutely drinking the night before.


But the reason that's not the case is because everything was nicely folded. She had mounds of towels rolled up perfectly and was loading them into her suitcase. How's she getting this outta here without people noticing also, What the hell are you gonna do with all this stuff? Yeah. It's not like it's highly resellable. I don't think it's about that. It's just about the Stealing. Yeah. Okay. Also, she is so far on left field, I've just accused her of robbing the entire hotel. She could care less. She's smiling, she's joking with me. She is not defensive at all. I'm just like, okay. So we get all this stuff out of the room and I look at the guy and I go, listen, I'm gonna step outta the hallway. I'm gonna give you two minutes to get decent. And after that, I'm coming in. You guys are getting out of the room. I walk out, I'm not out there. 30 seconds.


He comes barreling out the door, down the hallway, won't even look at me. He's gone. So I'm like, all right, I'll deal with this guy another day. I know who this guy is. So I go back in and I'm trying to just get the ball rolling for this lady. I'm like, you gotta go. We're Not gonna call the cops. You're like, I'm not interested in that. I'm not even there. Yeah. I'm just like, you gotta get outta this place. We have reclaimed everything. We're not gonna make a big deal outta this, but you gotta get outta here. So I'm grabbing her stuff for her. I'm literally, she brought a Keurig machine. I'm holding her a Keurig that She stole from the last hotel. Probably. She's joking, would me about the weather. She's saying how much she loves our resort. And I'm just like, we gotta go, lady. I get her down the hallway out to her car as we're walking, she's detailing her plans to go to the next hotel down the street and check in.


And I'm like, oh God. See? So I get her in her car. I'm immediately calling the other hotel owner. 'cause you know we're a small town and being like, Hey, this is coming your way. Absolutely. Do not let this lady check in before I can even get off the phone. I'm beeping through with another call from our housekeeping manager and she's like, you need to get back up here right away. What the fuck? I'm like, did this lady sneak back in the other side? Like what am I getting back into? So I hustle back up there and I get in there and there's a team of housekeepers in there. They'd come in, it's already passed checkout. They're trying to get in there and clean the room. We've got a full hotel to flip over and they are just shocked. I'm like, what's going on? They pull back the sheets and poop stains all over the sheets.


That same bed, Mr. Trombone player was just laying in. We don't have cameras in the room, so we'll never know what really happened. So he was covered in the poop when he was in the sheets, There was just poop stains, like poop juice, all The sheets. Oh baby. And I don't know if I was so freaked out by the situation of the theft originally that I didn't smell it, didn't notice it, like the balcony door was open. Oh. But I looked down and there's one of the little maps we give out of our island that gives like tourist spots and restaurant recommendations. Somebody moves that with a gloved tan pile of poop juice. Oh my God. We look in the bathroom poop, washcloths, Everything. What? But we had deducted that they must have gotten absolutely hammered the night before, gone on a drunken rage of ransacking the hotel and then probably celebrated with a big round of butt sex right before they left.


Yes. Oh my God. Who else lays in those shoes? I You're not gonna lay in poop sheets if you're not a part Of it. A hundred percent. By the way, when we got on with you and we said we were just talking about naughty stuff, it was anal. It was that. It was someone walked in up there, dad pounding, mom bent over the bed. It was like six 15 in the morning and I said, well, no one having anal sex in the morning, but now we're hearing this story. Yeah. Well, we don't know if it was morning or night or, yeah, celebrated Poop everywhere. Wow. Round of. But That's the whole story. I mean, it ended in a good note. We have a great team. They cleaned the room. We have professional carpet cleaner machines, like we took care of it. All the guests were happy just to get their stuff back. So it was a happy ending.


Oh my God. I wonder if there was any poop on any of the stuff. People are animals. It was nuts. It's been six, seven years since this story, and we still call the trombone guy Roto-Rooter. So he stayed under your employ. Did you guys ever have any follow up conversation about that whole sitch? He left the band for a few years and then he's been back recently. I don't give him shit. I just kind of give him a little side eye when I see him. Like I know He has the audacity to show his face again. Well, I would say to him, listen Carl, I'm gonna let you work here, but you shouldn't have sex with the guests. That's off the table. But if it does happen, be mildly respectful.


Clean up a little bit. Clean Up. Yeah. Oh wow. We Throw by all the sheep, the house, you know, everything. I mean, the room got stripped down to bare bones and started over, but it was nasty. Oh, Talk about insult the Injury. It also, the juice description is really something. Yeah. This might not shock you, but in my 20 plus years in aa, this is the kind of story I hear. You know, this is generally someone's bottom. Yeah. Yep, Yep. Yeah. Pun intended. I just wanna thank you guys for this. This was so much fun. I'm obsessed with your podcast. I listen every week, all the shows. Thank you. That was incredible. What a morning you had. Oh, I love that. Oh, great. Start to my weekend. And all the guests, they were delighted when they got their stuff back, everything was fine.


Everybody Was happy. Nobody calls a ruckus or anything. They were just happy to get their stuff and go to the beach that day. Oh God, that poor woman. She's really hanging on my forever. Yeah, let's hope she turned it around. Yeah. Hopefully she's doing better things with her life these days. Oh Boy. Well, Brittany, thank you. That was a blast. Before I leave, my friend Heather, who was a part of the story who turned me onto your podcast, is here. Do you care if she says hi real Quick? Of course. Let's say hi to Heather. She's our front desk manager. She was one of the ones that was a part of the beginning. Hi. Hi Heather. Oh my God, this is so Exciting. Now, did you also go take a look at the wreckage in the bed? Or did you take everyone's word for it? You got Eyes on that? I Got eyes on all of it. Oh boy. It was pretty nasty.


And would you also describe it as juice? Yeah, I would say juice and then some. Okay. Okay, Sure. Well, so nice meeting both of you. This was incredible. You too. Thanks so much. Take care ladies.


Follow Armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hello ladies and germs, boys and girls. The Grinch is back again to ruin your Christmas season with Tis The Grinch Holiday Podcast. After last year, he's learned a thing or two about hosting and he's ready to rant against Christmas cheer and roast his celebrity guests like chestnuts on an open fire. You can listen with the whole family as guest stars like John Ham, Brittany Broski and Danny DeVito. Try to persuade the mean old Grinch that there iss a lot to love about the insufferable holiday season. But that's not all. Somebody stole all the children of Whoville letters to Santa. And everybody thinks the Grinch is responsible. It's a real Whoville who done it. Can Cindy, Lou and Max help clear the Grinch's name? Grab your hot cocoa and cozy slippers to find out. Follow Tis The Grinch Holiday Podcast on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. Unlock weekly Christmas mystery bonus content and listen to every episode ad free by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Spotify or Apple Podcasts.