
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple. Podcasts Or. you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. Experts on Expert. I'm Dan Sheard and I'm joined by Monica Lawrence. Oh, hi. Completing Bad Monkey week. We had Vince on Monday. Yep. Which aired on Tuesday. Just kidding. Call back. Fast forward Easter, Easter Egg. Fast forward, go backwards Well over. And then today of course we have Bill Lawrence, who is one of the, the co-creators of Bad Monkey. But he's also a writer, a director, a producer award-winning.


He created Scrubs, one of the biggest showrunners of all time, Created Scrubs co-created Cougar Town Co-created shrinking Ted Lasso, spin City. And now Bad Monkey Legend. He's A monster. Yeah. And a sweetie. Yeah. And a Good boy. Really, really good boy. Yeah. And cool guy. He's a cool guy. Well, especially when he had his tips frosted during very cool spin. Shitty. Yeah. And so here, that's not our thing. That's thing. Not us. That's not our thing. No. Bill says that. That's Bill. That's All. Bill, please enjoy Bill Lawrence.


We are sponsored by Audible. A great story can really spark your imagination. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. There's more to imagine when you listen. I live for Audible, as you know. Every single night I'm listening to Audible before I go to bed, I'm just slowly educating myself without any effort. Sometimes I like having it in paperback and listening to it at the same time. On Audible. Yeah. So I can go back and forth. I am currently listening to the entire works of Doki, and it's gonna take me quite a bit of time to go through 'em all. and I Can't wait. And as an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. New members can try Audible for free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash dax. Or text Dax to 500 500.


If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It's the credit card designed for iPhone. It gives you unlimited daily cash back that can earn 4.40 annual percentage yield when you open a high yield savings account through Apple. Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners, subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank. USA Salt Lake City. Branch member, FDIC terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


I wrote on Friends when I was a kid. The joke was that I was Maddie's fatter younger brother and then fatter older brother. And then skinnier older brother. Skinnier. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. 'cause Maddie was, you know, up And down. And this is already too exciting. You pull your microphone close. You wrote on friends first Year. Yeah. I got fired. You did? Oh, I gotta hear about that. Wonder. Do you want a cup of coffee? No, I caffeine up. I was nervous. 'cause it was the thinking about talking about it. don don't know if you remember it the same way I do. And there's kind of seminal moments when you were a kid, but I think there was a window that I was almost gonna be friends with you. Yeah. I know it. Exactly. Hugo's restaurant. Yeah. Yeah. And then you were really kind to me and asked me to come see a screening of chips. I choked and I didn't go. it was early on in the process.


I'll tell you why later if you want. But I have a really bad history of seeing anybody that likes things And then they fail. No. No. Because you ever read this essay Famous among Writers? It's called No don Don't Wanna Read Your fucking screenplay. The Greatest Thing Ever written by the guy who wrote History of Violence. Yeah. Look at you. Dude. I blew up so many things in my life and career that I stopped getting asked to work on pilots and stopped getting asked by friends to go to screening. 'cause I would literally go, you want me to say it's awesome and give a couple jokes, or you want me to tell you what I'd do? You know what I mean? Yes. Yes. And I'm so bad at it. I don't know if you remember this, but I extricated myself. I'm like, oh, don, don't think I can go. I had committed to it too. So I felt like a douchey guy because I really, I don't have any memory of that. I have memory of it. I'm like, oh, you have these little moments as a kid that you're almost, you and I could shoot the shit for hours and hours.


We had a dumb meeting about something. I just felt like, oh shit, I don't have a lot of Hollywood friends. and I had a chance to connect with you and I didn't do it. Check it up. Well, As often happens when I give amends to people, they don't remember what I'm talking about. In fact, I might be incriminating myself by even brain. You know what I'm saying? They're like, well, A, I'm not sure I knew you stole my Vicodin. Now I know. Fuck let me process that. I have no memory of you not showing. You know, when you direct a movie, there's so much happening and test screenings and you're in the editing bay. I'll tell you, the most significant thing about the chips thing that really frames it is Delta turned one years old and I see photos of her birthday party.


And I'm like, I don't remember being there because I was just, you're buried. So buried. I don't do that shit anymore. I leave work for kids. Yes. But I was doing the same thing back then. Because you're panicked that the thing you've just spent two and a half years of your life on is or isn't going to work. And. that you don't think you're ever gonna get the chance again. We were shooting the shit about spin Shitty. We call it Spin. Shitty. Oh, okay. Lovingly. it was like, you wanna take that back? My buddies and I, we worked 45 days in a row to start that show off, including Saturdays and Sundays. And a lot of us were married and relationships fell apart. Gary Goldberg, my mentor, passed away the Christmas gift, which he thought was funny, but was not funny. He gave all the writers beds like really deluxe cots for their offices.


God. Yeah. It's like an abusive I know. Like getting your prostitute. Hey, congrats. You'll be Here forever. Yeah. A key. Getting her like for a covered handcuffs For you. I think let's start with you an ice history. 'cause it's fun. And then I want know the personal history. Sure. And friends, we have already so much to cover. So many No, you, me, up with anything. I'm down. So as my memory serves, and maybe you'll have a different opinion, but I believe the first time we met was you were about to direct Fletch. Yeah. I was writing and directing Fletch and Kind of what's already great and funny about that Right Outta the gates is, as you and I have talked about many times, I am regularly confused for Zach Braff. Yep. And he was attached.


Yep. To be in it. And so when he left, how many people before you thought, well I know, there's I know there's Guy, looks like it's a gentile Version of him. Should We Want Dude, it was. It was a shit show too. It's such a weird thing to talk about. 'cause you know it was Harvey Weinstein. Did you know that? Oh, it was fucked up because I was definitely seduced. 'cause I was a young TV writer kid. And Harvey came, he's like, you're gonna write and direct this. And he took me to all these award shows and was dragging me around. And Is that how he positioned? Like, you're gonna do this. You're gonna Be the comedy. Quentin? I was 27. 26. You were in the thick of Scrubs. Yeah. Yeah. it was like the third year of Scrubs. and I was a huge Greg McDonald fan. I actually got to know him. The guy that wrote the Fletch books before he passed away. He passed away from pancreatic cancer and just an awesome guy and a crazy good writer.


and I was obsessed with it. and I didn't necessarily think Zach was the right guy. But Harvey had just done a bunch of movies with Zach and he is like, you'll do it with Zach and like anyone your age, my age, Zach's age. Yeah. We're all obsessed with Fletch. Yeah, you're obsessed with it until you consider doing it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then the burden of it, you're like, oh, this is a huge mistake. Yes, Yes. Redoing Casablanca, but all Right. But the only four guys I spoke to, it was Zach. And then right when I took the gig, he's like, don, don't think I'm gonna do it. I'm like, that's okay. I still wanna do it anyways. it was you and it was you. Because not only had I seen you on Punked a bunch and around, but you had done some, I'm gonna botch the title. That's okay. You were an astronaut and you were so, it was charisma. it was a thorough, you were so charismatic. Know what mean in that movie.


Thanks. it was, You just proved exactly why that movie didn't work. You couldn't remember the name I know you guys could see Zur this weekend. Exactly. People were like, I really wanna see this movie. I don wanna look like a fucking asshole. Ordering the ticket, saying it wrong. Fuck it. I'll go see Chicken Little, Let's see. Zur. But it was only you, John Kinski. Krasinski. Ksky, yeah. John Kinski. And that he also goes back Toski. And then I knew Ryan Reynolds for a long time. Oh, this is A flat Bat. And. that was it. That was the gang. Okay, So you and I meet at Hugo's. Is that the name of it? Yeah. I assume that was your spot. I Used to get breakfast there. I lived close there up in the hills at that time. I was single guy. Where'd You shoot? Scrubs at A dessert hospital on Riverside.


Oh, cold water. Riverside. Very close to there. So that's a perfect peach pit home base for you. Yeah, please. So I came to you, by my recollection, had the most dazzling breakfast. it was awesome. I remember I went going like, I'm not gonna be in, let me back up. There's even a little more context. I had a couple stinkers in a row. As much as you liked me in thorough, it did not work. It did not make money. And so it's not like I was in a position to be choosy. I wasn't. I was even panicked at that moment. I'm like, I'm just so flattered. This dude would wanna meet me to be a lead of a movie he's directing. But also I can't do it. So what do I do? Well, I go, I fall in love with you. We have so much fun. I don't even think we talked about the movie that much. We were just shooting the shit and making each other laugh. I think we both acknowledged it shouldn't be done in some version.


Yeah. It was a horrible, fair mistake for everybody. And you were under this crazy time crunch, as I recall, that if you didn't get it up in moving, I had To start it within six weeks. Or I was in violation of a Disney contract on Scrubs. So we meet and I love you to the degree where I'm like, maybe I just do it anyways, even though it's a terrible idea So I can hang. it was terrible. Hang this guy. I have a terrible Idea. Confidence in his vision and his talent. But by some miracle I didn't. And then my punchline is maybe four weeks after that I was in New York. I had never met Harvey Weinstein and I was at Bungalow eight made famous by That's where he was. Yeah. No I know I. Know off the bushes. I know. So I'm just standing in this club. I'm kind of enamored with the whole thing.


And all of a sudden someone comes up behind me and grabs me and I hear in my ear, is this the guy who's too much of a big shot to be in my movie? and I turn around and it's him and He's And he did grab you. Oh, Good point. Count Counts. Oh, congratulations. You can count that. We'll count It. Yeah. I turn around and it's him. And he's almost like a comic book character. You know him. He's a super villain, Right? Yeah. I got so creeped out by the whole thing. 'cause I had to meet with him, you know, it was at the Peninsula Hotel. and I would meet with him. He'd have meetings stacked up like 10 in a row. And he would be packing egg whites onto his fork, like snowballs with his free hand. You. Oh wow. And it was definitely like a meeting with a Star Wars villain.


Here's the thing though, right? So John Ham did it. Do you see It? I didn't see it. I did interview him. I watched some clips and I was like, I think they went another direction. They Did the books. Chevy turned it into kind of a silent out live sketch. The books were dark and sorted and underbelly. Film Nore. Yeah. and I was gonna try to do that. I was probably really lucky that I did not. But Harvey ended up suing me. The whole story of that is the end of this thing. But it was my introduction to movies and why I probably never did movies again. I bailed. 'cause none of you guys wanted to do it. The only smart thing I had done was I said that you couldn't use my screenplay unless I directed it. I wasn't chasing writing movies. So when I left I'm like, yo, this isn't working. You know? and I gotta go back to Scrubs.


He's like, yeah, right. We'll just have someone else direct your screenplay. and I was like, no, you can't. Then I was working on a television show and my screenplay was delivered to all the networks as a, do you wanna make this a TV show? Owned by him? And he's like, I can't legally make it a movie, but I can legally make it a crappy TV show. So it became a legal fight. Wow. Yeah. Isn't that weird? it was interesting. Only in a glimpse of Hollywood as a dude that when the coin flips his so ruthless immediately like, I'll fuck everything up about your career right now. 27-year-old in, unless I can can have this. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I just ran away and hid. I Remember the first time I got sued, my lawyer called me and he said, I have good news and bad news. The good news is you've officially arrived. Does that happen to you yet? We've got a cease and desist.


Oh, that's cool. That counts it a little bit. Yeah. I'd like to leave it at cease and desist. don don't. Not really looking. You don't need to go. I don't wanna go full suit. No, no, no, no, no. I'm not ready for that. You're happy till like three quarters arrive. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's too high of a mountain for me. Cut to then our next interaction again, as I remember it, I was lucky enough to get invited via Kimmel to Howard Stern's house. Yes. And so Kristen and I went and Molly and Jimmy went and you came over for dinner one night. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. My wife is an actress. Kristen Miller's in a bunch of my shows and the Drew Carey show and stuff. She has been a Howard Super fan and a regular guest on the show in in his circle. Forever and ever and ever. So I get to glom onto her.


This wouldn't shock you, but my main memory of our interaction was you describing the Myers Manx dune buggy that her brother had. That's Insane. He would drive on those. I was just with her brother there looking at the shell of that thing. 'cause it's dead. You know what I mean? It's dead in his house out in Montauk. but Yeah, that thing was amazing. it was so fun. And Then the other thing I'd say we have in common is Ricky. Oh Wow. I was gonna say one other thing that you skipped over quick though, is that Zach Braff constantly pitching me a movie about two identical twin brothers. I think he said it was your idea Called Nature versus Nature. There you go. By the way, that's the only thing I remember. Two identical. If you D's idea. It's so good. I get raised by a Jewish family on the Upper East Side and Dax gets raised like in the Deep South.


Yeah. In Appalachia. And let's see what Nurture did to this equation. It would be great. Yeah, I'd love to see that. What's really fun, and I'm sure Zach was very transparent about it, is over the years is he and I ebb and flow in different ways. Like sometimes he's got a lot of rhythm and leverage. I think maybe the time I pitched him the idea, he was really on top and I wasn't, and he didn't love the idea as much as at some point he came to like it. I think we even talked about that when I interviewed him. It's like, it Does seem interesting. Second, I wanna get back to that Idea of your can't circling Back. Yeah. Wait, I wanna know how you met your wife. Oh, she was the star of the Drew Care show. and I was doing Spin City And. we had to go, remember there used to be Upfronts Network television and stuff.


I lived in Soho. I had a loft the corner of Prince and Mercer. and I was cool for about 10 minutes. it was very lucky 'cause the guy that she dated at the time, an actor was being a jerk and didn't go to the party with her. And she came on her own. Oh, there's a funny story about this. and I can't even name names. So she came on her own and I met her, but she was dating someone. But I, she was probably the first woman that I became friends with without dating or hooking up. So I became friends with her over a year. Just, I thought she was funny. We had mutual friends. I was shooting the shit with her all the time. And don't get me wrong, I was trying, I was in New York, she was in LA doing Drew and I kept going, Hey you should stop dating tiny actors. 'cause all the actors she dated were very short. They're Like little guys that could ride around on her shoulder and stuff.


and I mean you're quite so nice to meet you. it was me shaking their little hand. And I'm like, you should date a comedy writer. You know? They're much less, this is the worst moment of my life, by The way. I wanna hear what They're much more Roberta. True. The only thing I had was they maybe don't glance in a mirror on their way out with you. Ah. You know what I mean? I have a buddy that we made fun of, we played basketball with, I won't name him 'cause he is a working actor. But our favorite part in this tiny gym in Beverly Hills is a ballet mirror on the wall. And every time he scores, you can watch him backpedaling. Just gotta I checking out the, just give him A look. Yeah. Yeah. That was an angle. Is that good Dave? If You can't see the camera, I can't see you. My wife finally called me up and she goes, I've decided to finally break down and date a comedy writer.


and I thought it was me. Well course. And she goes, I think you know him. I'm like, I bet I do. Let guess as he had dazzling Blue Eyes, the Marine. He's so funny. I know if he's so funny all the time. And she's like, Les Firestein. I'm like Les Firestein. Oh, that's great. Who's Les Firestein Nor he, he was a super successful comedy writer for a long time. How long Did that last? I lucked Out because this is when I knew I was in, you can tell me it was a woman if this works. So I Still talk to her like once or twice a week as a friend. And then after three months I got a call and she's like, Hey, my boyfriend said she doesn't want me talking to you as much on the phone. I'm like, oh cool. I get it. I'm like, oh I'm in. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah.


That's a good sign's. Yeah. He knew that you were a threat that Thanksgiving. She left a note on my door in New York. So I'm around. I was hoping you're in town. I caught her up and said, you better be single. And she was. And she went to Cabo with me and a bunch of randos that Christmas. Wow. it was very Crazy year. We were married like five months later. And you've been married 25 years? Yeah, long time. 99. I've been married 27 years total because I was married for a year and a half when I was 22. Oh, So cumulatively you been married to her though. 25 to her 25. That's Right. Super proud. Year and a half marriage when I was a kid. Yeah. That's so nice. You gotta get it out. Marriage practice. Yeah. Starter. Sure. Do you feel protective of your reputation? You have an immaculate reputation in this business.


Everyone so kind. Everyone speaks understandably. So highly of you. Almost a suspicious lack of enemies. No Enemies, zero enemies. Like What's the sorted underneath? Like it's really Dark Jack Black. I guess everyone just really likes you. And do you feel like I really wanna protect that? I'm so hyper protective about it and spent so much of my youth worrying about what people thought of me. I'm trying to conquer it now. I was not a big therapy guy. Younger and I really buried myself in it the last five years. Because you know, as a guy it hit 50 to still be worrying about what other people think as you do better and better. Don't you feel like we live in a toxic climate that if you're doing well, people want to go boom like that a little bit. Yeah. And, we talk about it a lot. I mean my take on it is, and by the way, I'm cynical by nature, but I'm not so cynical that I think people are that bad.


As much as I think the power of story is so powerful. Yeah. Which is they've gone to the top. What is the rest of the story? Unless you build a mountain next to that mountain that's higher for them to climb. We don't have much option. These things are really powerful. and I almost just think it's like people clap, clap, clap, clap, clap. And then you're there and they go like the only thing that could be next is a fall. Yeah. Well by the way, at this point, that's why I was so messed up. and I had to get some help. Is that the narcissism that is buried deep in your head of people are gonna give a shit about something. 20 years ago, no one cared but me. I should be better at this. 'cause I've had so many peaks and valleys in my life and career.


I didn't think I'd have another little renaissance at 50 fives. Which is really exciting. and I do want to know about navigating those valleys. I've had many of them myself. I'm really bad at it. Yeah. Yeah. I get a lecture when I was IT managers that manage all comics. Howard West and George Shapiro. These guys that, did you ever see Man on the Moon? That movie Danny DeVito and Jim Carrey? Yeah, Danny DeVito played my manager. Oh wow. George Oh. yeah. So he had married Andy Kaufman back in the day. Oh Wow. What stories he must have. Oh My god. Those guys used get mad at me 'cause I was so bad at the Valleys. 'cause Hollywood is so like talking about what you're doing. Yeah. And every time I was in a valley somebody would be like, what's going on? I'd be like, nothing. I'm lucky I got outta my boxers today. I was lying fetal till about noon and I go. They're like, that's not what you do.


You say you're Working on stuff. Don't be honest. I stop being sad for like a half hour midday to eat and then I go back to being sad again. Whatcha doing? Whatcha up do. Okay. Do you think the reputation and worrying about what you thought starts young? I'm way out on a limb, but it's just so seemingly obvious. Your name's so spectacular. William Vaughn van Do Van. Van William Van Dozer, Lawrence the four. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a lot to live. Give a little Boy that shit up. Yeah, You do. You had to go to Bill ASAP had Phil the van. They Have Doozer. It's a nice dutchy. Everybody's comedy comes from somewhere.


My family, my dad is an American Blue blood. My great-great grandmother is Sarah Lawrence. Sarah Lawrence College. And Bronxville New York is a Lawrence Hospital. The college admissions building was where my great-grandfather lived. So when I was a kid, I would wear suits to Thanksgiving and have manners practice beforehand and butlers and servants. Wow. And the whole nine yards. And my mom's family are all lovingly white trash. My mom's the first one in their family to ever go to college. They're all large mouth bass fishing guides on the St. John's River in Central Florida. And D land. Delightful. D Land. My mom and dad only met 'cause my mom got a scholarship to go to Rollins and my dad is where private fuck up rich kids go. So. Oh wow. Wow.


That's awesome that you had those two dramatically different. It was insane. Dude. Thanksgiving was at my grandma's house. My mom's mom called Little House where 12 cousins would sleep in the garage and then you would go to Christmas. My dad's family where people were using words like perchance. Right, right, right. You had different silverware for Everything. it was bananas. How did dad do when he had to join Mom? My Dad's an all time good guy. My dad and his brother were the first two men in that family to work for a living in like six generations. Wow. Crazy I know. Did you watch the Sarah Lawrence Zocdoc? Fuck yeah. How many people have asked you about it? So many. Come on. Yeah. Everyone's texting you. I like to go there and teach.


I'm a commencement speaker there a bunch. Until a lot of people, it just sounds like Bob's college. 'cause not everybody's heard of that stuff, but they're like, oh, I Know. That school. The dad prostitute. Sex cult Oh. yeah. No, no, it's Cool. I Know. It's so unfair to Sarah Lawrence And. we talked about it a bunch. Oh. yeah, because we were obsessed with that. Zocdoc And. we would always just go like, yeah. Real bummer for Sarah Lawrence. It didn't even happen on campus. They were like in an apartment I know way outside the school. It'd be like if they all worked at Starbucks and they called it the Starbucks. Three of 'em worked at Starbucks. This is the Starbucks sex cult. That school is so cool too. 'cause nobody knows the real story. I'll do it in two sentences. What I like about it. So money is toxic. And my dad's crazy wealthy family. I wouldn't say they were necessarily the most open-minded and best people in generations past.


But this guy, the original William, by the way, I was chicken shit to go there. None of my kids went there either. 'cause there's like a huge statue of William Bauser Lawrence, the original And. it looks like me. Oh my God. But he is bald and has mutton jumps. Oh, so he's the first. Yeah, he's the first. Every male in that family is either named William Van Douser Lawrence or Robert Lyal Lawrence. Wow. That's too close to cli. Yeah. Really? Is it? Yeah. It never struck me. Those kids figured that out. You know. Hot minute. No, it's a instant straight line to getting beat up, whatever. But the original Wim Lawrence is a real estate baron and he met Sarah Bates who believed in Arts for Women. And she was a poet and there was no arts for women back then.


And she changed him, made him an open-minded guy. And when she died he had their estate turned into a all girls college for the arts So. yeah, that's right. Cool. So, which is kind of cool. You could be very proud of that. Yeah. it was Neat for a second. And then straight line from there to Sex Cult. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. What better place to start a sex cult? Yeah. Than a former All girls college for the Arts. That's Empowering. Where people are really looking to experiment and find themselves. Yeah Man. Great Zocdoc though. Fuck So. yeah. It's pretty good. Right? Really good. I. Know And, that guy. What a weirdo. No I know. Okay, so growing up, were you kind of hiding from that? Were you a target? My parents took great, great pains to make sure I didn't grow up as a rich kid. and I didn't, you know, I grew up definitely upper middle class in the mean streets of Connecticut.


But I wanted to come out here and be a comic at 18. and I probably would've died. 'cause I was definitely not ready maturity wise, you know? And was not behaving well. My dad had something that was, if you go out to LA when you're 18, you'll have our love and support. But if you graduate from college and you're struggling with rent money, we'll help you out. But if you go out now it's ITI. And I was like, what's ITI? He is like instant total independence. Oh That's great. My dad is like a bottom line guy. And he meant it. Yeah. Yeah. And I've used that on my own kids to limited degrees of success. Well I hope this flatters you in my life. At 49 years old, rapidly approaching 50, I have only called four people for advice in my life.


You're one of the people, I don't know if you remember this. No. Tell me. Is it about a kid? I called you and I said, you're a really good dude and you grew up with a ton of means. I'm about to raise kids. Oh shit. I remember talking. And I don't want them to be assholes. I'm obsessed with This. I feel like I should ask an example of someone who didn't turn out to be an asshole. That's so nice. My kids, I'm so proud of them. I mean, my boys are so stupid, but they're lovely. Well You're boys, They're so dumb. Yeah. Yeah. But my daughter has been the most challenging and she's turned out to be super cool and she's got this giant life. I hit her up with the ITI when she, she dropped outta high school, you know when she is 17.


Really? That's, my daughter is a musician, singer-songwriter. I mean, the whole family went and saw her play Radio City like three months ago. it was awesome. Amazing. That's awesome. But I almost blew it. My daughter, when she was a senior in high school out here, she had top five song in South America. And so all these guys in shiny suits descended and said, your daughter's gotta leave and go on tour right now. I believe in education. So I'm like, nah, I just gotta finish high school. I mean, minimally, I'd love to see her go to college, but we gotta get her through high school. Yeah. And she didn't talk to me for three weeks. And my dad called really conservative dude. and I thought he was gonna go good on you 'cause we care about education. And he said, if a bunch of dudes showed up at your door and said your son needed to go to Spain to play basketball, you'd already be gone.


But because it's your daughter, you're fucking up. Let's go Dad. Wow. What a take. So I, I love that. Let her go. She promised to get her GED and I gave her ITI. 'cause it's a family rule. But she split and she has never asked me for a penny. She's killing it. Oh my God. That's awesome. Wait, what's Her name? Charlotte Lawrence. If you watch this show, Bad Monkey is the first time I got into work with her 'cause I put her in it. Oh? yeah. She plays the bad guy's daughter. She's like one of the main characters. Oh My God. That's your daughter? That's my Daughter. I don't care about Nepo stuff. I was doing Bad Monkey. You know, she's not an actress, she's a touring musician. She's fantastic. She did not stink of someone's kid. Oh. Because I have a real good radar for that. I'm like, who the fuck, how did this person get I, I got so lucky because Apple was like, yo, you gotta find a kid to get some young people to watch this show.


Someone with a million Instagram followers that has a different audience. And I'm like, I Know somebody Steve. Yeah. I Know. Somebody I Invented someone That has maybe a little bit of a growing up Two quick pass I know someone I'd like to hang out in Miami with for six weeks. So? yeah. Oh. Oh that's, she's great. Oh, it's so nice man. I feel Weird saying also she's beautiful. Oh, She's so hot. What if I said that? I'm so sorry. Charlotte I know you Listened to this show And. That was just a joke. I Went harder. That's no, I went harder. We had an episode the other day and I went even harder. What was, did you say something sexy? it was about the dance. No, it was about the dance. Yeah. We were debating whether or not the father daughter dance should still exist. and I said, yeah, it's weird, but you know, if you're gonna do it, don't play Bump and Grind.


No dude, I don't see nothing. Don't, don't. Yeah. So I went a little harder, so don't worry you saying It's so complicated. I tell you what happens to me now. I wear my daughter's merch tour, her concerts, and when she sings I get emotional and I cry And. it says Charlotte Lawrence on the sweatshirt. And only recently did I realize that nobody there, nobody's on her dad. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. They just think I'm a 50-year-old dude Crying that shows up at Like a young 22 year old's concerts. Oh my God. That cries moved emotionally. And those all the words. I literally, God, it was just Like a circle around me almost immediately. I'm No, it's Cool. I know it. This is the good version of this. Just No, it's fine. Don't even worry about it. It's totally normal. Oh my God. Yeah. You need like a sticker. That's a I'm her dad says dad I was like, calm down.


I'm her dad. Yes. Yeah. It's so bad. Don't call the police. I'm her dad. Exactly. And, we friends. LA is so insane. You must have this 'cause their peer group, you know Charlotte's friends or Gracie was opening for GRA Abrams Taylor, I was at a friend's dinner, daughter brought a friend over. My buddy John c McGinley. You guys know him. This guy's on Scrubs forever. And he's like, yo, this is the grownup table. Charlotte and her friend, you guys are gonna sit over there with my kids adults talking here. It's like a year and a half ago, Charlotte and her friend both went okay. And then literally two weeks ago, John's like, yo, that girl I made sit at the kids' table. I just saw an entire magazine in the supermarket. Her name's Olivia Rodriguez. Oh my god. Wow. That's amazing. And he is like, You could've told me.


I'm like, don don't know. These kids all look like they're 14 to me. It's bananas. Okay, so you do go to college. You go to William, Mary, William And Mary. So You did at least want to stick with first name Oh. yeah. College oldest College in America. Dude. State school. The thing I liked about it was it was in Colonial Williamsburg. There's a comedy club nearby and weather was nice. When I got there, the big comic was John Stewart. 'cause he went there and, and then the year below me it was Patton Oswald. No. Oh my God. it was a Cool standup scene. 'cause remember I'm old And. that was when tourist towns like Colonial Williamsburg had a comedy club. And so there'd always be like a local dude. Virginia is also a culture shock now. A little Bit. I do remember that William and Mary was a state school, so it was definitely diverse.


But the second you left the tiny capsule of the campus, you definitely realize you're in the deep south. it was pretty funky. Okay, So you come to LA immediately after graduating? Yeah, I hung out for friends for a couple weeks and drove out here like an idiot. And how'd you get your first writing job? You have an English major As a creative writing major. Sorry. That's such a thing. And by the way, the dirty secret, you guys know it too, is you go to college. I mean, my dad just wanted me to grow up. Nobody ever asked me where I went to college. Nobody gives a shit. Right, Right, right, right. I'm gotta make fun of him. don don't care. My eldest son is a senior at NYU. And by the way, my el, he scammed the system. He was not a good high school student. And then he went to a SU Arizona state and then he wrote an amazing essay about how he had finally gotten ahold of his kind of learning disabilities and stuff.


And he transferred to NYU. I'm like, oh good on you man. That's amazing. 'cause all your friends work so much harder to get there. Right. Work smarter. Not harder than he's Embracing that and he's killing and he's a good kid. But not a lot of people know this. So all these colleges now remember how you could do a year abroad? Like in Europe or something? You went to college. Yes. So they also do it in United States. 'cause there's so much unrest in Europe. Think UCLA has a campus in Miami or Chicago and Michigan has a campus in San Francisco. You know you can do it in different cities in America. And my son's a senior in NYU and he came home literally a month ago and he goes, I got into the NYU year abroad program. And we're like, where are you going? He goes, Los Angeles.


Oh my God. Wow. That has nothing to do with my girlfriend living here. I'm like, okay. But the family now is just torturing him on, hey, just make sure you really bury yourself in the culture, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, try the Food. Don't Miss out the language. Yeah. Really get to know the people. This is an amazing opportunity. Yeah. Just to explore, to learn a different quadrant of our city. East of the 4 0 5. It has nothing to do with the fact that my really cool, pretty girlfriend lives here year round. I just wanna be in la Well, you Know what I glean from all this. He knows how to get where he wants to be. Yeah. Yeah, He's, he's working the system. He's also a middle kid. Yeah. Yeah. I can relate. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Squarespace, the all in one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. We of course have our website built by Squarespace, by wbe wob. He found it very easy and intuitive. You've heard us talk before, how we actually host our own website on Squarespace and we're so happy with it. Rob did a beautiful job. He used the templates. it was easy, fast, and its functionality is off the charts. Whether you're an entrepreneur looking to set up a site for your business or you've got a passion project that's ready to reach the masses, Squarespace makes it easy for you to get your perfect website up and running. And if you're selling on your website, Squarespace also makes checkouts seamless for your customers. With simple but powerful payment tools except credit cards, PayPal and Apple Pay and ineligible countries offer customers the option to buy now and pay later with Afterpay and Clear Pay. Check out Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash tax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dax to get started today.


We are supported by BetterHelp. Kids are always learning and growing, but as adults, sometimes we lose that curiosity. That's why it's fun to take on a new hobby. Monica. It is. It is. Gardening For me this week. It's surfing. Yeah, you're right. Who knows what's next. That's A big one. Therapy can help you reconnect with your sense of wonder because your back to school era can come at any age. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, convenient, flexible, and designed to fit into your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and if it's not the best fit for you, you can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. We love therapy. We Both benefited a ton from therapy. Yeah, And. we talk about it all the time on The show. We swear by it. Rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash dax to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/dax.


We are supported by ZipRecruiter. Oh, get recruiting. If you're an entrepreneur with your own business like us, you know you can't hire just anyone. You built this thing and you want bring on candidates who are going to add value and care about your company just as much as you do. Great. Employees are almost impossible to find. It took us six and a half years to assemble this gangbuster crew right now. And thankfully there's a place you can go for help. ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter does the work for you to make hiring fast and easy. And right now you can try it for free at ziprecruiter.com/dax. ZipRecruiter lets you connect with top candidates ASAP so you can get the support you need when you need it. You can use ZipRecruiter's pre-written invite to apply message to personally, reach out to your favorite candidates and encourage them to apply sooner, experience faster, easier hiring with ZipRecruiter. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Try it for free at this exclusive web address ziprecruiter.com/dax. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/dax. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire. Ba ba.


Wow. So how do you get your first writing job? I came out here and I was painting houses. I didn't know anybody west of the Mississippi, nor did my family. I had no Hollywood connections. it was super lucky for a year. I just struggled. I did open mic standup. I was trying to do standup a lot, but I sucked Out of 10. Yeah. What would you give yourself as a standup? I was Really good writing the material like eight or nine a performer. Even since college, like a five or six. Okay. That might even be the worst zone you can be in 'cause you're not so bad, you know, to get the fuck outta it. it was awful. Yeah, It was awful. You might just spend your whole Life. I got a real set one time and people were laughing at a weird point 'cause I always used to wear a baseball hat backwards.


and I realized I was like screwing myself and I was spinning it in a circle and that's why they were laughing at weird vibes. A tick. Yeah. Oh. yeah. It looked like I was trying to screw myself into the ground. it was so weird. By the way, you know what my favorite thing is is with Rick Unbeatable, they made us tour as a comedy tour. Two of the three years was on and the headliner, he was such a jerk to the other comics that he would rate us all at the end. You know, I would always open and do 10 minutes then it was Rick and Brent Morin and Ron Funches Christia. My one highlight of standup is once it no longer mattered to me, I was kind of good at it again. Yes. Yeah. And then one night the headliner at the end was like in a surprise. Bill Lawrence, the non comedian coming in second in our group of five tonight. I was literally like, Fuck that.


Yeah. Right at the moment, I don't care. I know. So my mom was an auctioneer. I couldn't get anybody to read my stuff. And she said I did an auction, you know, in Connecticut for this guy named Norman Bearish who wrote on the old Dick Van Dyke show with Carl Reiner. And he said, my agents with these guys named George Shapiro and Howard West, I don't even know if they're out there anymore. and I was watching Seinfeld And, it says the Shapiro West production at the end. And they're managers, they manage all comics. I managed Seinfeld and George Wallace and Mel Brooks and Carl Reiner. They're old, old, old school Hollywood guys. And so I hunted them down and I said to Howard West, I wrote him a letter and said, if you read one of my scripts, I promise I'll never bother you again. I can't get anybody to read my stuff. I don't anybody out here. And he read it and he's like, it's pretty good. It's not for us. Keep working.


You're only 21. Congrats And. that was it. And so I just sent him another script and I go, you know I know. I said I was like, but this time More than the last time, this time I swear. And he thought that was funny. Literally it was 22 years old and he signed me. I guess I'd be like valet money for him. He just didn't have any young clients. and I was on a writing staff the next Monday, literally five days later called Billy. There's a sitcom starring Billy Connolly. And it was so new to the business that when the PAs come and go, what do you want for lunch? Because I had no money, I'd be like, I'm good. And then I'd eat like a giant bowl of cereal. Yeah, yeah. And on day three the executive producer came in. He is like, Hey shithead, we pay for lunch. And I I was like, I'll have everything, everything.


And that case. What's their catch up of the day? Dude, it's so bad. And my only Memory of that show, 'cause I didn't know how Hollywood worked as such a dick at the end 'cause the cast and crew gift was a jean jacket that said Billy with the heart over the eye. And I'm like, dude, I don't want this. And he is like, what? I'm like, no one's seen this show. It's my fucking name. I'm like, people are just gonna think I wear jean jackets with my name on that. But I think that's cool. Even words you put a heart over the eye. I even Bill is great. Don't make it. Lemme guess Bill Cool Heart. Oh nice. Do you have that made? Oh I gotta hear how you got fired from friends. I got Fired off of in a row. Boy Meets World, the Nanny and Friends, boom, boom, boom. Those were my first three jobs after Billy and got canned off of each one all For the same reason.


I Think I had to learn different lessons along the way. Such an idiot Man. By the way, Topanga, Topanga Lawrence, I think I named that character back in the day. Oh wow. On that weird show. I loved that show. You see by the way, it's a great lesson. I was on that show and I was so into what the cool kids thought of cool comedy and I thought it was beneath me. Right? Ah. and I was without a doubt not respectful to it. I wrote an episode the first season and I remember putting a a line in that, you know that show had some treacle and it was, I can't believe I hurt my dad 'cause I love him more than anybody in the world. When the kid is embarrassed by his dad And. that was back when there's still message machines. And when I went home after the episode aired, it was like you have 28 messages. And it was all my buddies back from the east coast going, Hey bud, I just wanted to tell you I can't believe I hurt my dad and Oh no.


And I love more than anybody in the world Doesn't want Aing you. Hey Bill can't believe you hurt your dad man. And so I acted like it was beneath me and I should have gotten fired. So there's a lesson in every show. That lesson was, if any show finds an audience of any kind, whether it's your thing or not, it deserves your absolute respect. and I was turning my nose down on something that now is so embarrassing 'cause people I love talk about that show. Love it. What You just did. Yes, absolutely informative. I was like, show's lame. it was such an idiot. A lot of us are guilty of that. Yeah. The nanny, I got fired super fast. The Nanny. I think the lesson there was that your job is not to write what you think is funny.


Which is the weirdest thing about tv. Your job is to write what somebody else thinks is funny. Even if it's not your thing. As an actor as well, you should. Yeah. By the way. Right. It's the worst thing that I've bequeathed to my children is completely unearned confidence. and I had it at the time 'cause I was a fuck up. Well you need a mix of it. Yeah, you need some. Yeah. But you have to some, you're like straddling the line of getting yourself in the door and believing in yourself and then yeah, it's a precarious balance. Friends is a tougher pill to swallow and I'm always careful about talking about it 'cause it changed my life but also almost knocked me outta the business and devastated me. 'cause I got on the first year of that show, first year, first season. and I thought I was killing it. I was 23 or four and I wrote this episode called The One with the Candy Hearts where the girls have a boyfriend Bonfire and I thought it was really good and I thought he was killing on that show joke wise.


Sadly my wife dated Matthew Perry way back in the day and he was friends of mine back in the day. And so I thought I was crushing writing jokes for him and for the other people. I did not get along great with one of the show's creators. Okay. And with dumb mistake of hubris and you know like, oh I'll be fine. I'm funny, I'm this and whatever. I've got the talent that's gonna keep me. It's Gonna be great. It's gonna be, it's gonna be awesome. By the way, only now do I realize the last thing that anybody doing the job wants is somebody that's even giving them tiny extracurricular headaches. Yeah. The Juice isn't worth the squeeze. Right. You're like, he's good but there's a lot of great people and I don't need to be around someone I hate no Shit. Right. And so by the way, the worst is the show is a monster. And at the rap party, 'cause I asked her the whole first season, David Crane, one of the other creators who I love and was really great to me.


He was a little buzzy and he's like, you know what, you really funny, you're gonna do great wherever you end up. and I like oh cool, gimme a second. and I, I literally called Drunk and I called my agent you I think I'm fired again. 'cause he was so mad Because I couldn't stop getting fired. Yeah. The resilience. No, I got lucky. So I gotta give him props in his end. David Crane called my mentor up. I didn't have a mentor out here. His name is Gary David Goldberg. He created Family Ties in Brooklyn Bridge and David Crane did fire me, but he called Gary up and said I think this kid and you will get along because they had met and talked before I guess. And his personality and yours will line up And. it changed my life. Gary and I created Spin City together 18 months later.


Wow. Wow. And you went from Staff writer to I created Spin City when I was 25. Wow. Got so lucky. God, that's a A lot of oof. Yeah, It was insane. I was doing a ton of blow and I mean. I'm sure. Crazy. You should, we don't regret that at this point. Did you ever you make a picture of what I looked like back Then? No. I'll show you later. I looked like Guy fii. I had white peroxide hair. Oh Wow. You were feeling earrings going down. Here's the thing, You're embarrassed now. But I also, you know on some level in your deathbed, like you should have a moment in life where you're feeling it. Like fuck, you can't really regret that. I don't regret it. I think it's why I don't get sucked into any of the Hollywood shit now. Because you already did it. Sometimes when you see people fall male and female in their relationships out here, I'm not being self-aggrandizing when they say, how come it's been easy to have a long standing marriage?


And I'm like, 'cause I remember a six year period of time doing Spin City in New York City and having a elevator that opened up in my loft in my twenties that my life just became trying to get people to leave on Sunday without having to go to brunch with them. You know what I mean? And how empty and horrible that feels. The excitement wears off so fast. Yes. And it's so Bleak and you hate yourself and you hate yourself and then later that night you're like, I forgot what I felt like this morning. Let's try that again. I like the fucking memory of a fruit fly. I feel hungry when I'm not hungry. Yeah. It's just like when you overeat and you're like, I'm not doing that again. Three hours later I'm hungry. It's fried chicken time. Do you stop getting in your own way now?


Yeah. I mean it helps that it's just us here and this fucking, it's hard to piss anyone off I know, but this is a look But. yes, I've learned. I've learned this is an amazing accomplishment. It's hard to build a world out. You guys are building like other podcasts beneath it and stuff. That's hard to do. You can't do it and still constantly shoot yourself in the foot. No, as you would know, it really helps getting in a position where you're the person you used to piss off a, I've been in both seats and both have their challenges. I think being on other sides of things have helped me. Mostly I've become less insecure so don don't need to make the joke that's sitting on the silver platter. 'cause I actually think people think I'm funny already. I can resist to some degree.


That's just maturity. I guess on some level I'm better at it now. I think there's a thing called the Showrunners training program at the Writer's Guild and I Teach and John Wells teaches organized, responsible show running. I teach a thing called disorganized chaos. Yeah. By the way, even today I was very excited about this, but I forgot what time it was. I went into the writer's room, you know I'm supposed to run the show today. And I was like, yeah, I'm not gonna be here. So like three minutes I'm like, you can talk about this, this or this, and I'll see you guys after lunch. Everybody's like, oh cool, we're gonna take a walk and I. I figured, Lemme Guys, you guys are gonna be arriving five minutes before I do. Everybody Good with Poochie? All right, Everyone Doing a podcast today? Okay. So Spin City then leads to Is Scrubs immediately after that.


Yeah. Spin City was really interesting because Mike Fox was the first guy that I loved since I was a kid that turned out the way you would hope he would be. And it was really tough because when I got into that show, I was like 25. When I wrote 26 And. we sat down with him, he's like, yo, I have Parkinson's and I'm gonna do it for four years and do a hundred episodes and build this Parkinson's Foundation. Wow. You knew that all going in. Yeah. it was Very fraught and really a great lesson in Hollywood. 'cause he was dealing with so much and he was always upfront about going, I'm still responsible for my behavior. Which is not always what it's like in Hollywood. And. that show was so weird 'cause when Mike was done, we hired Charlie Sheen who could not have been a better kinder dude. I didn't work on the show then.


But his dad came and went to bat for him. And. it is so weird watching that Charlie Sheen trajectory. Yeah. 'cause everybody spin. City remembers the nicest young man who had his act together was completely clean and it was awesome. Yeah. And then This business, you get a real front row seat to us addicts. It's crazy, Right? Yeah. I mean, were over indexing out here and most of us Anns are pretty sweet. I mean, that's why we're fucking addicts. That's The biggest issue for me over the years. I see a therapist named Barry Michaels I don Dunno if you know like Phil Stutz and Barry Michaels and they're partners. Oh, they're Partners. Yeah. Phil. That's one of Phil's drawings. I know Saw right when I came in. Stutz is a rockstar. They wrote the tools together. Oh they did? Yeah. But Barry calls it one of the things I've always had to work on because people are so lovable and you are so connected, but you have to see them on a different island than you.


And you have to be able to go, I wish you well. It's hard. It's not something I'm great at. Yeah. Yeah. Have you had a lot of, you've had a lot of those Interactions. I said Matthew. Yeah, Matthew a friend, family, Friends, by the way, let's be honest. It's the world now. You can't be more than two degrees separated. Yeah. No one's Immune. Anybody that claims not to be is either living with blinders on or full shit. You know, weirdly and I never talk politics on here. But I would say the single only time I think I've ever seen Trump misstep to his own base was the time he made fun of our president's son having an addiction. That was the only time it was during a debate I think even they were like, nah, it's not cool man.


It doesn't work. I've loved someone too. Every family here. Yeah. Good luck finding one with That I know. Right. So I split 'cause I fell in love my wife and came out here. I created Scrubs. I've just been really lucky to surround myself with super talented people. I've been just creating TV shows and shit since I had a lot of peaks and valleys. So. Yeah. Yeah. I want to get into one of 'em before we get into this crazy run you're on right now. I would be guessing, but I feel like Scrubs had to be the peak fun. it was so fun. Scrubs was the last of the Wild West in television. We got a deserted hospital. You know where name's is on Riverside? Yeah. It's across the street from NA's Condos. Used to be a Scrubs hospital. it was so Weird. I shot there a few times. Ken Marino and those guys. What was that show called? Oh, Children's Hospital. Children's Hospital. They did it in our off season stuff.


but Yeah, all the actors dressing rooms were on one floor. The writers were the other people brought their dogs. We would drink there at night, which I'm sure you're not supposed to do. Sure, sure. Yeah. I know. it was so fun, Man. Fun Oh. yeah. You could tell by the show. The show's so good. Oh, That's super Cool. You were in the perfect age For it. it was the most fun I ever had. I probably stayed too long. I stayed eight years Out of nine. Yeah. To keep People Employed. Eight years. I was just loving it. But you took it to another network? Well, There's a writer's strike NBC to own it. A B, C owned it and ABC's like, oh you can do it. Last year on a b, c, the ninth year was a spinoff and they got nervous and changed the title back to Scrubs. Okay. Which is a bummer, but whatever. Yeah. Along the way I created this cartoon with Chris and Phil called Clone High, which was funny and weird.


Those two are, yeah, so hyper talented. They're awesome. They kind of make me mad. They're awesome. Yeah. They came in and fucked up Scrubs because this is good post Because I put the writer's room of that show in the hospital just 'cause I didn't know you weren't supposed to do that. And only like a year later got a call from Disney going, yo, that MTV show is their writer's room at your building. Are they eating the food that we, I'm like, is That not okay? And that's why all the voices were Scrubs actors and me and all us idiots. Yeah. That was their first thing. You had it Close to your own studio basically. Yeah, it was. So you had like what Buster Keaton? I wish But. yes. Yeah, you're playing baseball in the back. it was so fun. We Set up a bass ball court, we had a game room. Zach Bra and Sarah Chalk may have dated a little at the beginning of that show.


And it was super volatile when they broke up. And then I started Clone High and Phil immediately started dating Sarah. it was just, it was literally like one of those kind of fodder for a reality show. But that was fun. And then after that show I created this show called Cougar Town. Such a Shitty title. So embarrassing. Listen, listen up, Listen show. Good. Great show. Go back and check it out. it was pretty good When you're six months ahead of it becoming ubiquitous, you know? Oh this is great. Great. Right. Well You know, Then it just happens. I'll give the example. I had a tribal before There were tribal tattoos. Is that true? it was a album cover from a punk rock band. Still still there covered. Thank God it's in without a Paddle, which you just watched. and I haven't seen a movie in a last last 20 movie. Like, Oh man, every Reed out, dude, I'm Seeings got Tribal, I'm what's Happening?


I gotta get this off me. I remember that show came to be, 'cause I knew Courtney a little and the head of a b, C is like, Hey Courtney wants to do a sitcom. Will We do it? At the time I was not good at writing women. I was just a guy's guy my whole life. and I was still learning. I'm like, I'm not sure that's my voice. and I went back to the writer's room and I'm like, you know what sucks is so hard to get shows made. And if I said I'd do it And, it just said it's Courtney's gonna get divorced at 40 and go around dating guys for the first time and called it Cougar Town. It would be on tv. It became a room bit in our writer's room. Right, right. Of like, yeah, there won't even be cuts. So it's just a claw. We'll go. Wow. You know, and rip the screen apart. We're just making bad jokes about it. And then Kevin Beagle, who's a super talented young writer back in the time now he's old, still younger than me.


Very seriously. If we walked outta the writer's room just to fuck around. And he goes, yo, I'll do it with you. And I'm like, you really wanna do this And. we went and pitched that joke, it's called Cougar Town. And the president of the network was like, oh we'll put that on. It happened that fast. Wow. Right, Right. And then we were mortified 'cause nobody wanted to watch Courtney chasing younger guys. That seemed desperate and sad. So the first six episodes of that show suck, but the next 120 were cool. It just took us a second to figure out. Yeah, things take a second. And now, I mean look at Seinfeld. You watch the beginning, they're not even the same characters. Yeah, yeah. The kids and I started at the beginning. I was like Holy smoke. Are you showing your Kids old shows? Oh? yeah, yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I showed my son, my youngest spin city. He was like, was this on tv? And I'm like, Yeah, Didn't show it in my garage, Dude.


it was, I think, Do you just do this with your friends and like showing at barbecues and stuff? This is where you like your Instagram or something. it was On television. It's always Silly. Okay, so after Cougar Town, I mean 2013, I want to just say two seconds about you had three shows going, don don't know, that seems like too many madness, Too Many shows. and I'm not implying any of them suffered because of it. No, I'm just looking at That shit. I've said on here publicly a trillion times that the most gangster of all roles in Hollywood is showrunner. It is number one. Nobody works harder than showrunners. No one has more on their plate. Whatever you think a director is in a movie, it's times a hundred.


I notice you guys get along better than any other peers in show business because you know, People always ask me why some of their favorite showrunners aren't doing stuff anymore. and I say, 'cause it's such a high burnout thing. And if you love your family and love your relationships, you either have to stop doing it. If you're a control freak and can't let go and can't empower other people, or you need to learn, you have to empower other people. and I didn't know that at first. I had a real bad section of my career for my family too. You know, I was having kids and my wife was a star of a sitcom for 22 straight years between Drew Carey Scrubs and Cougar Town. And she took a second to raise our three kids. And for a second I was a little absent. I regret it. I course corrected. But now I really empower other writers that I've worked with, other people that I've worked with.


I go home at five 30. I coach all my kids' sports teams when they're younger. I just recommitted to the other stuff. Yeah, it's very hard. Yeah, it's kind of like a lawyer part-time showrunner would be like a 12 hour a day job. Yeah. The younger writers, if we're ever, they're past like nine o'clock, they lead me out like I'm someone's angry grandfather when they're literally like, why don't you just come back and see what we did in the morning? Okay, that's sweet. It's gonna be okay. You can come back and you just go to sleep. You come back and see it, you come back and then you can say all the things you ate then you'll still hate the things In the morning. Yeah, it's gonna be fine. Don't worry. But you'll be rested and you'll be nice. Yeah. You like, ah, you won't lose your ire.


So embarrassing. No. Okay, so between 2013 and 2020, although you're still by all accounts a very successful, I created shows that just disappeared into the ethos, man, I felt like throwing 'em off a Cliff. Coming off of such a enormous success of both Scrubs and Cougar Town. I'm imagining that kind of eight year gap between Matt and Ted. Lasso. You're minimally, I would imagine asking yourself like do I know the recipe anymore? I'll Tell you two interesting things. Maybe interesting, maybe not. One was what helped me later in life is I realized I didn't give a shit. 'cause there's a lot of people hung up on legacy and I really like writing, even though I hate writing, I love having written something, but writing itself actually sucks.


So let me correct it. I hate writing but I like having written Something. Just introduce my daughter that saying, I know. Right. And you know what she said, what I love writing and I go. That's right. I shouldn't even said that. When you start writing for money, What you do in the back of your head though, when someone says, I love writing, keep an eye on them. 'cause they might be a sociopath, A red flag. I thought you were gonna go, they must suck. That's what I, I was gonna say, I don't mean stare At all the time, but just corner of your eye maybe. Maybe there's someone that doesn't know, check their Closets occasionally. This is how a human would behave. Right. Humans like writing, right? They like sitting by themselves in a room. Right. They love it. They hate everything they say. They love it. Just circling like fever dreams in your head over the same thing over and over.


People love that. The one thing is I realized young that an advantage of growing up safe financially and having that background is that I don't really care about the economics of it. and I knew I would be fine from Spin City and Scrubs and I knew I could always teach And that you can always write and emotionally I was gonna be fine. The thing I was plagued with was I had the sense that I was a dinosaur. When I talk to writers now and I say young writers, but even writers that are late thirties, early forties and say Scrubs, you know, or Spin City in four years we did a hundred episodes and these kids are all like, Ooh, we gotta do 10 episodes of this show. And you know, I was joking around about narcotic use sometimes. It wasn't even for fun. I'm not even quite, It was like it was Really a work element thing.


Yeah, yeah. Of like, oh my God, this is episode 26. it was bananas and I was still clinging to a network model of television when it was dead. 'cause it was the only thing I knew. And so the scary thing for me was told my wife that I was gonna kind of extricate myself from that. and I didn't know if it was gonna work. And, we had a vacation house, tough problem. But we sold it because I just wanted to take a risk. And then I started trying to do streaming shows. And that changed things for me. That was Ted Lasso. I got really lucky. What was the quintessential ingredient or change between Network 24 a year and then streaming 10 I did A show that I executive produced that just upended my life.


And it was called Whiskey Cavalier. You guys haven't seen it? I can tell by their looks. Yeah. it was really good. it was a cool cast and it was an action comedy. And if you watched it now, I guarantee you you'd go, holy shit, how did this not work? But it was a network hour long, banter driven Beverly Hills cop type thing. And what was messed up about it was, I'm like, this will only work if it looks cool. And the stunts are cool. Yeah, yeah. And they're like, you don't have the budget to do it here. So I went and I moved to Prague, I did it in the Czech Republic away from my fucking family. Oh wow. and I was sitting there going, this is worth it. It's not. It's gonna work. Yeah. Yeah. It didn't. And so for me the epiphany was going when you do these monster shows that you're trying to appeal to, remember the old network model was appeal to everyone.


I used to go into meetings where the subtext was, we want you to do a comedy that appeals to every gender, race, age, Socioeconomic, right? Yeah, exactly. Everybody must like it. And you're like, that's insane. But by The way, people did it. You did it. Yeah. Well I lived in that world. it was so crazy to think about that. And so for me to make the transition, the big difference was I told everybody if I could change my production company name, I'd change it to Noble Failures production. 'cause there is streaming things and the new world is if you can make something that you're not embarrassed to show your friends and family, that means that there's a small audience for it somewhere. And who gives a shit. Yeah. It's a niche business. Yeah. Changed overnight. Have you happened to listen to the episode of Revisionist History? Malcolm Gladwell's podcast?


No. I Know the podcast and I know Malcolm g Gladwell's stuff really well. He did the most incredible. Is It weird if I just keep bragging about how I know Malcolm Mcg Gladwell? No, no. I he. Five minutes. And one of the things about Malcolm, I Brag about it as well, but it's all about Will and Graces and this weird kind of perfect parallel. One of the creators of that show's Sister created Oranges, the New Black. I'm so tied into it. I took her job in the first season of Friends. She got laid off before me, Jen. Oh no kidding. Oh. yeah. The kind of societal impacts of those two different paradigms is fascinating. He gets into voting trends in people in the era where we all watch the same show that you could predict people's voting. The best corollary was how much TV did they watch in the eighties?


And you get on a bus with anybody, didn't matter. And you had all watched the Cheers finale, the impact of having to write in that creative box. Will and Grace is credited for marriage equality. Like it moved the country. Oh. Because they had to play in this really safe box. And it's like Orange is the New Black is a great show, but it didn't move anyone's opinion on anything. 'cause it's niche. It's a fascinating episode. You would love It. I gotta check it out. The weird thing about all of this is the second you stop trying to appeal to everybody because Hollywood is still fun. This way you can randomly appeal to everybody, which is the biggest mind bucket at all. Yes. So going into Ted Lasso, and I'm Curious I know that they're generally not fond of giving anyone the metrics in the streaming world.


But from the outside of all this, it feels like Ted Lasso maybe was even bigger than Scrubs. Ted Lasso was a monster. One of the biggest shows of all time. Yeah. I don't mean a single. In fact, we hadn't seen it. And. we would get Fucking Hate. Yeah. People were upset. I just mentioned I hadn't seen it. And people were like, what is your problem with Ted La like I Know, angry I know. They really took it personal. You know why I ended up watching is I fell in love with Jah Temple. Oh she's awesome. From Fargo season five. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I'm like, oh now I want see her. And that's how we ended up watching it. And of course we loved it. And my kids love It comparatively. It's so weird because Spin City probably got watched by more than all these shows because it was still a time that there's three networks and everybody watched everything.


Which is so Weird. You had tens of millions of viewers. Oh my gosh. So crazy to even think about. I wrote Mike Fox's retirement of TV episode and the ratings for that were like Super Bowl ratings now was bananas. But Ted Lasso, I haven't really ever been part of a show that felt zeitgeisty like that. And it was very weird. it was not its intent. I remember sitting around with Jason Sade 'cause by the way, huge props to him. 'cause he created the character long before I came into the picture. But just with him and the other creator, Brandon Hunt and the writing staff, we were so not remotely convinced it would work. But just all talking about what a shit storm the world was And. it would be nice to write something vaguely hopeful and optimistic. Right. You know, so you don't at least feel like a piece of shit.


The weirdness is the extension of now people going like, you fucking watched this show about optimism. What's wrong with you? I'm like, just chill out. Hope You Fucking Cynical bastard. You suck. By the way, that was my hurdle. Earnestness for me is really triggering. I think it's like the punk rock background or whatever it is. Or feeling like an outsider. I have a real hard time. You're stumbling into something that's an issue for me. 'cause I'm a softie and I'm overly earnest. I've been doing the same thing since I was 25. And sometimes people think it's cool and sometimes they think it's lame and then they think it's cool again. Then they think it's lame again. Well have You ever been hit with this theory? I don't know who pitched it to me, but I find that it makes a lot of sense and I kind of believe it's true. Which is if you watch shows that work and you put them in the time context of what was happening, we generally like the opposite of what's going on.


The example that was given to me is like during all the Obama years, everyone felt great about that And. that was the rise of all the anti-heroes. You watch Veep during those things. it was literally a show about just finding different ways to be horrible to each other. it was so funny. Yeah, so funny. And then you also had breaking Bad. it was the boom of the anti-hero. And it's because we were so safe in the other thing. And then COVID is like the least hopeful time. And so we wanna see the opposite. And there's just this weird rhythm that you can't account for. You hope you hit it correctly. But I do think that rhythm exists. I think It's a tightrope. 'cause like you can stay earnest if you don't fall on the wrong side of treacle. Depending on what's Treacle.


You've said it twice now. Overly Emotional tropes that are designed like Sac saccharin, it's sappy cliched and what's the word? Moments of emotional treacle. T-R-E-A-C-L-E. That's a good word. Think about that. We'll write it down. Yeah, we're Gonna need write les a good word. It is a a good. It's a good word. Treacle. We Learned a newer the other day too. We do need an ongoing list. A Viva parody. Oh shit. What's that mean? Live birth. That's what mammals do. No eggs. I'm not big with the book smarts. I find like five or six words and I just watch. Good. You can't have it both ways. You can't drop trena and then act like that Learn. But you already Pointed out I use it a lot. William Van Doer, the Lawrence, the book Smart You fraud motherfucker.


But you do walk that line so well. Like Scrubs is such a perfect encapsulation of that. It is sweet. That show's such a loving show. Sad, happy people. Happy people die. There's lessons learned. But it's so funny that you're not hung up on it being over the top. I Think that's the tightrope. I remember talking to you at Hugos. 'cause we have shared comedies that we like and I don't always know if I can write 'em. I'm trying now with this new one. But I have to be inherently optimistic or I feel slightly buried by the bleakness. So this shrinking is based on a true story of my neighbor. it was this great family guy and he went on a summer vacation and his wife and one of his kids was in one car and he was in another car.


Oh. yeah, yeah, yeah. Traffic. They're dead. And it was the pilot of shrinking overnight. it was a guy that had to go four in the morning on a Tuesday and there'd be bad people and bad things going on at his house. And you felt so much for him. And, we are in a world that you could pitch that nowadays as a comedy, which we did with Siegel. 'cause he wanted to do a thing about grief and addiction. I can't write those things unless it has an undercurrent of hopefulness or I find them too bleak. Is it almost you'll procrastinate 'cause you don't wanna revisit it. It's just not for me. I find my way through the world with an inherent belief that things are gonna work out okay for good people. Yeah. And it's challenged in Hollywood all the time. and I don't mean that there's not gonna be absolute body blows along the way, but man, the doom scrolling it all ends in darkness thing doesn't work for me as a creator.


So I think you can do that earnest shit as long as you sprinkle in plenty of Irreverence and sarcasm. Yes. And anguish and mental pain and death. Even Though I say that's not the thing I'm attracted to. I am not judgmental of it. It's like a vibe thing. What it truly is is I'm a younger brother. If I got caught being earnest, it was embarrassing. To have believed in yourself and then failed would be way more embarrassing than just failing. And if you talk to me before any movie I've ever had come out, I'll tell you why it's gonna fail because it would be more painful for me to think You thought I believed in myself and then I got caught. So it's my own baggage. There's no question. No. It's not like I'm confused about where it comes through and I'm not correct.


I think you should hope for things and believe in the things you do and wish for the best and believe that they're possible. I'm not being judgmental either. I just sometimes have wondered, I'm like, do I always need to write with this kind of undercurrent of hopefulness for my own mental wellbeing? And then that's why I'm not trying to segue to a different show. But my favorite author is Carl Hayan and all of his books are dark satire and nobody's redeemable and everybody's a piece of shit. And it was really fun for me to enter that world. But I think I was only able to do it 'cause it wasn't as scary. 'cause somebody else had written the story. Yeah. My favorite shows in a really weird way. 'cause it's something you were just saying are shows. I know. I couldn't write, I couldn't write Veep. I would love to try, but I, I watched that show Marveling Trey and Matt.


I still can watch South Park and go, what the fuck are these guys doing? It's so funny. Yeah. Yeah. And twisted. Let's even back up. I generally don't watch comedy. I like dramas. I already do comedy. I feel like I can see jokes coming. I know it too. Well have you done That to your kids yet? My kids think my magic trick when they're little. It's the 10,000 hours. Yeah. You'd pause a joke set on like big bang or whatever and I'd say the punchline and And they'd go, you saw it? I'm like, I didn't see it. I've been doing this for 9,000 years. Yes, exactly. I know. You like standup though. Still Weirdly. More than I ever have. I'm obsessed right now. Are you standup nerd as well? I like Some. I'm not as big as Dax into It. I'm crazy about it. I also think as a skillset to see people command these rooms.


Oh, I've been taking my kids to see shows. It's one of the things we connect to love so much. Have you seen Shane Gilis yet live? I didn't see him live, but I saw his special's. He's really good. Fuck. That's stuff about the Washington reenact, you know? Oh my. It's insane. He's so funny. Oh my God. It's insane. I took all my children and my wife to see Tom Segura out here at the forum. it was absolute crazy crowd shit show. But it was such a fun experience. I mean, awe afterwards more than my kids are when somebody commands the stage like that and takes their time. Oh my God. Watching Malaney right now. Especially in that kind of twist his life took and just going, Hey, that's part of my character in my show. And it's insane to me. It's so brilliant. Yeah. Yeah.


Stay tuned for our armchair expert. If you dare.


Canva presents the killer of productivity. it was an ordinary workday until, oh no, this meeting could have been an email run. Canva had a creative solve. Get email. I'll just put the info the team needs in the Canva Zocdoc and I'll make it visual with images, charts and graphics. Bring productivity killers to justice with creativity. Love your work at Canva dot com.


Manage pharmacy benefit plan costs for even more value. You'll need true cost introduced by CVS Caremark. Now you can get simpler pricing at the drug level so you and your members get more predictability. It's a new CVS Caremark model you can count on to help you make more strategic decisions. And because true cost from CV CVS Caremark simplifies drug pricing, you'll be able to create a plan that your members actually stick to. Go to cvs.co/t R-U-E-C-O-S-T to find out more. That's cvs.co/trucost.


We get support from Dove. Hey everyone, this is your girl, Kiki Palmer, host of the Wondery Podcast. Baby. This is Kiki Palmer. Listen up because there's some messed up stuff we gotta talk about. Currently race-based hair discrimination is still legal in some states in the us, which means black people are getting denied jobs, kept out of schools and losing out on opportunities because of their natural hair texture and protective hairstyles. That's just not right. But there's good news. The Crown Act is legislation which prohibits race-based hair discrimination in workplaces and schools in the US. And today's sponsor, Dove is a huge advocate. They are all about championing a world that respects and celebrates the beauty of black hair. That's why Dove co-founded the Crown Coalition in 2019 to advocate for the passage of the Crown Act. Dove and the Crown Coalition are trying to reach 1 million Crown Act petition signatures and hope to see the Crown Act pass nationwide. Join Dove in taking action to help in race-based hair discrimination by signing the Crown Act petition at Dove dot com slash crown. That's Dove dot com slash crown.


It is a weird thing I'm just struggling with right now with what's allowed comedically. I think anyone in comedy, you're always walking again this 20 year fucking anniversary of without a Paddle thing we did. I'm saying shit in there that's terrible. I'm doing an Indian accent. I'm like oh my God. I Know. You have to acknowledge that things are a part of the time. Scrubs Things change. Ka Williams did a great interview about this particular topic, about how things were of the time and how he doesn't feel challenged at all by what the new rules are. You Were already doing 'em. There's always been new rules and B, you can still do whatever the hell you want. Just be funny. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Exactly. If you're not funny, be careful. In 2003 when we shot it, we were playing within lines. Yeah. The lines moved and fine.


The whole like lamenting all whatever. There's still great shit all to say. Okay. Bad. Monkey. Yeah. You and Vince knew each other 'cause you play poker when you were younger. I was in A crowd with him that would drink beers and play cards and stuff before anybody had made it. I think I was 23 and I hate that he's younger than me. I think he's 21. I was thinking about it the other day 'cause I randomly was watching a little swingers 'cause it was on Impossible to turn off my First Hollywood moment. That made me believe Hollywood was real and almost a place. Even though we all know it's not a place. I was playing poker with Vince when I was 23 and this would happen all the time. One night I folded, I wasn't in the hand and the Domino's guy came. I get the pizza, I went to the door and right when I answered the door you just hear Vince from the other room going, bill, ask him if he likes musical theater Bill.


If he likes musical theater, ask him to come in. Tell him he doesn't have to sing. But I wanna watch how he reacts to some of my favorite songs Bill. So, and it's not musical theater. Ask him what type of things he likes music in and you'd be paying the guy and I. Just remember that. And then I went and saw Swingers like a year and a half later and he is like, ask him if he wants to come in and dance. and I'm not saying that was based on me, he did it to everybody. But what a cool thing for a young person to go, oh shit. You can see a funny moment with your friends And. it can be a movie that becomes iconic. it was bananas. Yeah. It's Like breaking the fourth wall. There's something impossible about That. Bringing in for the real thing. All of his quotes existed in real life. By the way, I didn't see Vince for years and years and years. You're not as old as I am, but we're at least of an age that there's no way you weren't comedically influenced banter wise by what he was Doing.


I told him this and I'm sincere about it. For me, the comedy paradigms are like, it's Letterman. Bill Murray. And then the next one for me is Vince, You and I connected big time I know, if you remember over Letterman and Murray back in the day. Yeah. I used to stalk Letterman 'cause I grew up in Connecticut. And, we knew the tiny place he'd stopped for his coffee and egg sandwich in the morning off of the Merit And. we would stay around there and skip classes in the morning. Not even to do anything. Yeah, just to be like, Hey. And he just like say it was fucking awesome. Oh. Yeah. Greatest day in my life. He came here. How Was it? Oh, it was great. I had to work on it for two weeks in therapy before it happened so that I fucking didn't try to impress him. I Didn't ever hear that. When I would go, listen, he bummed me out. I don't care. He bummed me out, blah blah. So on a spin, shitty, I think he's mispronounced We Do every time.


and I kind of wanna, It was a story based on, remember I told you I was always drinking and having fun and I went to this writer's house one night before we all went out and his mom had a 19-year-old tiny dog that had no fur on it and one eye had exploded and I was just high enough that I swore. I'm like, that dog was looking at me and his voice was just like, please kill me. Yeah. He just fucking, it just pushed the TV over on me. I won't even move. and I Amm, like, we're gonna do that in the show. It's gonna be funny. We're gonna have a talking dog. We did for a few episodes. And then Mike Fox is like, I'll get Dave Letterman to do the Voice. Which he did has been my idol since I was 12 years old. I'll go over and record it. He's not always the nicest guy in These situations. we don't like him 'cause his bedside man. But imagine this weird thing is if you worship him, Oh.


yeah. And And by the way, you'll know it 'cause you're a fan if you're on the other side of the gag. So I went there and he goes, just push the TV over on me Kenny. 'cause he loves the name Kenny. and I was 26. I had to go, oh it's so funny Mr. Could you do one because the character's not named Kenny, could you just do, could you do one without saying Kenny? And he goes, yeah, no, I got it for you Bill. I got it. No problem. Just push the TV over on me, Kenny. And I'm like, in my head, I'm like, I'm gonna cut this out. And I'm like, maybe do one if you're gonna do Kenny and everyone maybe do it at the beginning he's be like, no problem. Just push the TV over on me Kenny. And then finally I was like, all right, all right. We got it. The EP there raw was like, it's time for you to go. I'm like, no.


I felt it. Oh sure. I mean I almost expect it. It's a badge of courage. It makes me love him more Oh. Yeah. And you got a much better story. If it went great, you know what he got to tell? Is he full beard still Oh? yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll say the best moment. I'm in the house, I watch his car, pull in, I'm in my house looking out the window. And again, for me getting to be on a show and knowing him so well and knowing him enough to go, oh he likes me. it was so fucking great. I'm Immediately Jealous. It's the number one experience I had. I've Been thinking about stuff like this all the time. It must be so reward to grow up with that shaping your voice and to know he thinks I have a little of it. I got to see, when I was in New York this last weekend, Mikey Fox, he's in a wheelchair now and he is struggling a bit, but still crushing.


But it's that icon from back to the Future. I'm very jealous. I'm annoyed by it. Good, good, good. And so that's the number one moment for me. And then I'm trying to integrate the notion that he's come to my house now to let me interview him. It's just so much for me to compute. And I'm watching him get outta the car and he gets out. He is so letter me, he like looks around and there's like seven guys in the garage building the garage. And he walks in there and he goes, guys, it looks great. Why don't you knock off early for the day? He doesn't even know I am watching this out my window. And I'm like, oh my God. He is everything I want him to be gym for Himself. Yes. Yeah. And these dudes, they know it's Letterman. it was so great. There's Two things I love about that one, just being honest.


My pipe dreams since I was a kid. I'm buddies with Conan. I've always wanted to be a talk show host. I'm so jealous of what you guys do. You'd, you'd be great. And it's my favorite thing in the world. My buddy Brett Goldstein is always like, you gotta figure out a way to do it. I'm like, it's two A for me and I'm fine. So the fact that you got to do that with him, I should be happy. But I know if you guys have this, you guys have this. It's fair. It's fair. It's a shot. and I, I used to like music theater when I was a kid and I went and saw Book of Mormon when it first came out. I just remember this experience. And Trey and Matt, if you guys ever saw it was so fucking funny. Oh. yeah. Instead of enjoying it, I'm 10 minutes in, I'm like, fuck these guys. That's how he is. It makes me insane. You're Ding ding, dinging. What I was on the verge of telling you, which is my Vince thing is so complicated.


'cause I saw Wedding Crashers as an unemployed actor in a movie theater. And I was like, oh my God, he's doing everything I hoped I could do. And he's doing it at a level. I know, I actually can't do And. that option's now gone. This thing I dreamed of doing. I'm watching his been Gone. It's like a metaphorical door closing. Like my whole game plan just evaporated. 'cause this guy's already doing it. He's doing it way better than I can do it. So. yeah, interviewing him was a big deal for me. and I was very, very excited about it. He Took it very seriously. It's really been interesting for me. Things that I would think were so fulfill for him. We talked about this and I think he did Smartless and I think it's like the only real promotion he's even doing for the show. He's not a big promotion dude. No. He said he curates it by stuff that he likes and pays attention.


The And By the way, I can see why he doesn't because I'm reading a fucking, oh That New York Times piece, the person was looking for something. Is that what you're Talking about? It's so annoying. The Owen Wilson shit. And he goes, Owen Wilson, you know, apparently had a real crisis and was suicidal. Right? When you were hitting the biggest level of fame and your friend tried to kill himself. What do you feel about that back then? He is like, what are we doing? Right? And He's really nice. He's like, Owen's one of my favorite people. I love him. And yeah, success is an interesting thing. He does as good as you can do with that. Yeah. And then they resume the interview six days later and the guy goes, Hey man, I was be going real light on you. You know, I want to come back to this question about Owen Wilson. What? And Vince is kind of like, don don't know what you're trying to do man. This is one of my best friends and you want me to talk about His mental state?


I'm not gonna do it. Yeah. it Was very weird. I got so disheartened by, that's where we're at. You know, Vince can't be in a great show as a comedian who we love, who's very entertaining and not have to go in there and defend all these different things. But anyways, I read that and I was like, yeah, no shit. He doesn't want to go out and promote shit. By the way, the show's fucking number one, number one, number one every week. I think people miss him. I see. Yeah. Oh God. Yeah. Oh shit. You know what I wanna just tell you 'cause it'll make you happy and you have to start doing this. So you told me about Letterman doing a joke for himself. It's my favorite thing. Make sure you do it. And I'm gonna give props to a comedy writer buddy of mine. 'cause I witnessed it at a grocery store. And his joke forever. Just to watch other people react. When anybody is like, oh sorry, can we borrow the ketchup from your table?


He'll go, oh, I'm so flattered. But I'm married. I'm so sorry. People are just, and by the way, it's usually when a group of guys are eating lunch. But literally about six months ago I was at the grocery store and I was walking up and he did not know I was there. And a woman behind him asked, you know the bar you put down? Yeah. Between your food. Oh. She's like, can you hand me that? He goes, I'm so touched. That's so nice. But I'm married. I'm so sorry by the way. Just that he was doing that for himself. Yes, Yes. So if I put any message out there, do jokes for yourself. Yeah. Yeah. It's so funny. That is So that's weirdly what my therapist was. Howing and I. He is like, why don't you do things that are just for you? Go ahead and write something for You. I know Your're therapy up. I've been feeling weird lately when I do it because I feel it's very easy when you're talking about specific problems.


But when you're talking about your own shortcomings and stuff and stuff that you wanna work on, I've been struggling a little bit 'cause I'm still very new to it. Do you know What I mean? In therapy? Yeah. I find it very easy when you go, this is a problem that's in my life that keeps repeating over and over. And let's talk about tools for getting through it and for progressing forward and to not make those mistakes. But when it's, what do you not like about yourself? It makes me so uncomfortable, man. Yeah. Well It's not supposed to be comfortable. Yeah. don don't know. Like why not? I prefer, I prefer Comfortable. He's the hopeful version is probably. Yeah. I Know. This is what I've had to learn to do. I'm really good at sharing about the struggle I had last week and what happened last week and what we should do about last week. and I am not telling them about what I'm planning for next week.


'cause I'm always planning for next week. I'm creating problems that like the problems I'll have next week. They're being born today. No, you already got 'em in your head. The mind is already right. and I had not wanna let him in. 'cause don don't want him to tell me not to do those things. And then True trust of a therapist is like, he's not there to tell me not to do those things. He's there to help me understand why I'm doing them. But I had to be more honest and get better at going like, here's what's coming down the road that I am transferring. I find What those guys do has a feeling of here's some ways to stop fucking up the way that you keep fucking up. And then we can talk about 'em later. And now I'm just finding that I'm landing in the now it's talk about 'em, you know part.


Yeah. And I. Like I don't love this part. I like the tools part. Yeah, yeah, yeah. A little less personal. The tools. I'm still a wasp at heart to still got a four on the end of my name. Come on. Right. Yeah. You've Got a lot to work for. You're overcoming a lot. Yeah. If I were your therapist, I was like, let's first stop number four. There's a guy at Warner Brothers, he's retired, but he is lovely named Peter Roth who I know you've probably met a thousand times. He used to run Warner Brothers. But I made him laugh 'cause the first six weeks I worked there, I said, you have now hugged me more than my dad did. And in 41 years. So you know, I'm getting used to it. So I was a person who before we knew we were gonna do this, it wasn't even manipulative. I saw the trailer for Bad.


Monkey. Oh. yeah. And I'm like, lemme just go to the websites I like to visit. it was just oozing out all the vin stuff that I fucking have been loving for 23 years or however long. and I love it. I watched last night. I'm like all caught up. It's so good. Oh, it's nice man. I love the vibe. I love the location. I love all that shit. Were you down there for a lot of it? I moved down there. The other writer, Matt Tarsus and I, both married and have kids. And. we lived in a condo together as two old men on South Beach. We called it Beach Buddies. Super embarrassing. We sometimes in the morning be like, should we feel worse? That we don't feel bad being away from our fa it was, it was all sorts of challenging, man. And Florida's a shit show. If you have any connection there at all. It's a wild place.


I love it. Me too. And It's beautiful. I haven't felt pressure doing anything for a long time, but I can't oversell. I worshiped this author as a kid. I was a little directionless and I found his books when I was like 14 or 15. My cousins, my family used to make me go fishing with them just so they didn't have to deal with the kids. When we were in Florida on the St. John's and I hated fishing. So I'd always take a book. My cousins called me college and I would be like, I don't think you get to call me college 'cause I'm the only one you've seen reading a fucking book. There's a lot of steps between, But there's like a direct line between Carl's crazy Satires and Death and Shoot up in surreal situations and all the storytelling I've done. And he doesn't like Hollywood. 'cause the first time he turned one of his books into a movie was a movie called Strip Tease.


Oh, what was the famous screenwriter who did It? Andrew Bergman. The guy that wrote Fletch. The guy that wrote Honeymoon in Vegas. One of the writers of Blazing Saddles. I Thought it was that Esther Houser guy. Joe Esther house is Showgirls Showgirl. Tease, Confused, strip tease was the movie. Demi Moore. Yes. Carl's like, it was a great screenplay on the 11th hour. They made it about a different character. And. it wasn't my book. And then he got disenchanted with Hollywood. I went to Florida, I drank with the dude. I convinced him that I wouldn't shit all over his story. And so he let us do this. How's He feeling about it? He's so happy. Dude. He's a 71-year-old bouncing around. He's a guy that we all aspire to be. He was a award-winning journalist at the Miami Herald for years. He's got 20 bestsellers. His brother, unfortunately was one of three reporters at that Washington paper.


Assassinated by that Trump crazy about four years ago. Oh wow. Kind of looking after his brother's family and stuff too. But Carla's an all time great dude. Rolls with Jimmy Buffet. Reminds me of Elmore Leonard. So part of the fun was he said he had to shoot it in Florida. It has to be authentic, crazy Florida. 'cause all his shit is based on real stuff. So one of the best creative experiences in my life. Tab. Like an idol that turns out to be a good dude that you hopefully don't let down. It's been awesome. Oh. yeah. Gotta read his books. If you haven't read one of his books. Oh, If I got to somehow I'll hang out with Bukowski. I can only imagine You're bringing something of his to life that you already loved and he's happy with it. Oh my God. it was incredible. Trust you with it. As you go into an author and going like, Hey, I love this book. Can I put like four chapters in the middle and then put it on television?


You know? And if they don't say no fucking way, it's insane. Yeah, Yeah. Oh, I forgot to ask this. I have not chased any awards. I've never had a fantasy that I would ever win any awards. Yeah. But I have been joking now for seven years. I'm kind of serious about you won a Peabody for Scrubs. Yeah. Yeah. How does one, that feels like an award I could win, but I'm not even sure how or why you win one. I Don't know how it works, by the way. What is, I'm so disingenuous. 'cause I used to shit on awards and make jokes of like, Hey everybody, these are so important. Let's everybody remember. Right, right, right. And then I want a couple, and I'm like, all right. They're kind of fun. Is pretty cool way. I'm not above them or judgmental. I just am realistic about my odds of having won one. I just never saw it coming.


Me neither. Yeah. The weird thing about the Peabody Awards and Scrubs that has followed me around Lifewise And it matters to me is it was embraced by the medical community that show on a level that no one expected. Oh, okay. So the reason it won a Peabody award was Google most realistic medical show of all time. And for whatever reason, every single physician picks Scrubs. Wow. You're beating Er and Fucking and beating Grays. Wow. And the reason is all the stories in Scrubs, especially the first four years, my best friend in college, everybody calls him real now. 'cause his name's JD was an absolute fuck up. We were in the same fraternity. We misbehaved so much that when he decided he wanted to be a doctor after we went to college, he had to go back to undergraduate school again.


I. Know Because it's all Bad now. He's a cardiologist and a heart surgeon out here. But the whole pitch of that show was for me to go, my worst nightmare would be waking up in the emergency room and seeing that fuck up, going, Hey, you're gonna be fine. I'd be like, And I stole his life. We're still so tight. And he was the medical advisor on the show. Okay. And so all those stories were real. And for whatever reason, that world of dealing with death and having crazy mentors and the nurses being smart, it just resonated. And that's how it kind of got to the Peabody because it became a dialogue in the medical community about how the show, even though it had fantasies, how medicine was finally being represented in a real way. Really Cool. We need an expert consultant to get us A, to get To get a Peabody. I think I found out what we needed.


To me, it's like a Pulitzer. Very prestigious And I know this. American Life has many of them. Oh. yeah. That's why. All Right, we'll work On it. Are you friends with anyone at the Peabody Association? Connections? Peabody Strings. All I remember about the Peabodys is there's a big award ceremony in New York and I'd never won anything. and I went. My wife had flown in to watch and I gave my thing. and I didn't thank my wife. I was backstage. I was just weighing how much trouble I'd get in with my wife versus how annoyed they'd be at me. 'cause it was like a tape show for pb, whatever the fuck it was. So I just went by the security guys and walked back out onto stage while Bob Costas was setting up another thing and they wouldn't mic me. and I literally just shouted it. I'm like, it is my fault. I forgot to thank my wife. Oh, I'm just gonna do that really quick.


And take his credit. He Was like that needed to be said. And Bill Lawrence needed to thank his wife. I just Went backstage. I Think you chose correctly. That was probably smart. Okay. So you felt the pressure of the source material, which makes sense. Did, do you also feel any Vince pressure? No. You know, it was weird. What I liked about it. I could improv a scene with you right now as Vince. So for me, the new thing about streaming television, which is funky, is as you get to cast people that you admire and you know their work, it's like having the answer key. So I knew I could write him funny. I guess the only question I had would be I wanted him to do kind of a mature, older version of the old Vince. He hadn't been doing that a lot lately. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And he was super game.


It's funny too, 'cause that's his career, which is interesting. He's done this cycle before. He's like, we fall in love with him in Swingers. Then he goes and does clay pigeons and a bunch of dramas. Yeah. And then the studio has to be convinced for old school that he's funny. Todd Phillips has to go convince people. He's funny, he's hilarious. And then you're like, oh right. He's the funniest. Now I remember he's the the, the funniest in the world. Nonchalant. Yeah. And then, you know, has a whole string of that. And then for a while is doing dramas all over again. Yeah. And then now it's like, oh right. He's impossibly funny. The new thing for me that I find so joyful and takes the pressure off the old TV model that we all lived in, you would write something and then you go try to discover actors and actresses and then yeah, he'll be lucky. Change the stuff to suit them.


And now I know how Harrison Ford sounds. It's insane working with him. but Yeah, it was so much easier to Write. And you know what Siegel can do? Yeah. By the way, you know I'd been at Extra in Jason's life as I'm sure you had been a thousand times. So the second you can hear someone's rhythms in the way they talk, it takes so much pressure off And. that was also a bad issue of mine. Even when I was trying to be a standup, I would mimic the voices. I love some, I used to love this comic named Brian Regan. Oh, I loved him. But his inflection was so specific. Yes. Because you did this bit of like, you know, that feeling in junior high school and you completely forgot you had a project too, and your head would shoot up off the pillow and you go, oh no, that was, and I would start talking like, oh no, I've had six weeks to do this. I've done nothing. And so mimicking a voice or vocal patterns, I mean that's why it'd be fun to write for you or to write for Conan is people that I've loved a long time and I can still access to them and hear them.


and I wanna try and jam both you guys into something just to, Okay, bring me outta in retirement. Well, you gotta come die on a Carl Hayas thing. Gloriously. Oh, oh, oh. Everybody gets that. I did. Everybody gets killed On him. Zach was in the episode I saw last night. Bras. He's Fucking good. He's tremendous. It might be my favorite. I've seen him. He's been Through some shit, by the way, in real Life. He looks Incredible. He's so good. He's aged. I think people forgot. Don't want this to sound in any way condescending. I think it's very easy because of what you do or because of what Zach does for people to forget how talented you are doing the other thing, I'm happy to hear That I'm not trying to blow smoke. You knew that I was a fan. Knew You were gonna cast me in your movie. Yeah. So For Zach, especially with some young writers on that show to go, no, the dude, this kid can actually act.


And he's actually funny by the way. There's a episode that comes out tomorrow is a flashback episode. It's so tragic for him. He's got a compelling story going, He's so good at it. The other person that reminds me of the comedic style that we like and whose voice is easy, if you don't know, or you guys should both find Meredith Hagner. She's so good and so unpredictable that you have to pay attention and you have to click into like, I'm about to talk to a girl at a bar. I think I'm in love with Yeah. Mode Hyperdrive. It's almost condescending to say it to her, but she does a female version of what Vince used to do at that age. Yeah. She never says the same thing twice. There's a show called Search Party. I Know. You watch it. She, she's incredible. She's so, so good on it. And she's so quick.


The only thing that freaks me out is you guys know where her mother-in-law is, right? Yeah. Goldie. Yes. And when you see them next to each other, She's very young. Goldie. It's a Comedic thing. Especially in this, I said out loud to Kristen, I said, oh my God, did Wyatt marry his mother? Look at this. Yeah. She's incredible. I know you don't miss the grind when you look at stuff like this. I'm just curious because you know you can do it and you do it all the time. Still here. Do you miss being dropped into a world and just getting to play comedically like that? I miss that moment. and I don't miss anything that surrounds it. I don't miss the email from the second ad asking me to go to a wardrobe fitting at Paramount on a day. I don't miss negotiating over a call. Time. There's so much sausage before you get to be in a scene with Vince Vaughn.


And my life is so good here and so rewarding. So it's interesting. It's like, yeah, I get that itch probably last night watching Zach. I'm like, Oh. yeah, there's Zach. He's doing a fucking great job. Could I have done that part? I'll just get a little curious. Not a huge drive. I'll tell you the one thing I considered And. it didn't end up turning out. I would've done it. But they had called and asked if I was available for a, an episode of Righteous Gemstone. The new season And that show show for me is the show. And notoriously good guys, you know, from what everybody says, I don't know them very well. don don't know Danny that well. I Know Adam A. Little bit. All Princes. Yeah. Doing their own little thing. You Just made me laugh 'cause it made me think one of the things that fell in love with my wife, 'cause she's like you. So I've dragged her back into acting and now people are like, oh, she only acts on your shows. I'm like, yeah, because Zach Braf got to one of my shows once he was directing and he goes, I just read that your wife is not allowed to be called before 10 in the morning.


I'm like, yeah, good luck dude. Enjoy, enjoy. But you'll get the best version of her when she arrives. The funniest version of that is way back in the days of CSI Miami, which they shot here. I think I just fell in love with my wife. 'cause they asked her to do a guest spot on that. She's like, you know what, I haven't worked in a second. I'm gonna go do it. And they're like, we need you to come down to Manhattan Beach for a wardrobe fitting at four on a Friday. And she goes, four on a Friday. It's, we clusterfuck getting there. Yep. Impossible. I listening to her on the phone where you are and the ad goes, well, it's the only time the wardrobe person's available, so we're gonna need you here at four. And my wife just goes, oh, then I quit. Yeah, yeah. I Get it. And there's just a pause and the guy's like, wait, what? She's like it no big deal. I just quit that And I, I didn't hurt anyone's feelings.


I know it's supposed to shoot Tuesday, you guys will figure something out. But I quit. Oh My God. That's fantastic. Somehow clothes could be there. Yeah. it was A hard cut to people driving to the house next Saturday Going Like, here's your outfit. Well Bill, this is even better than I was expecting. and I thought it was gonna be great. So kind of you guys, I'm not good at this. Pete, you said too many nice things. My wife said, I have to look people in the eyes and say Thank You. And they say nice things. 'cause I usually come off as standoffish and an asshole. 'cause I look at my feet and go, thanks. You know what I mean? It's hard. You've both been very kind. I appreciate it. Work in progress. Learning to take a compliment on this end as well. It's very hard. I can relate. I love compliments. Do you? I'll take 'em all. What Do you need? What do you need? I wanna hear 'em all. What do you need at the end? No, I'm kidding. Well, tell 'em about the birthday present that Kristen got you.


Oh, she forever immortalized. Now She got me a piece of art. I wish I knew the artist. We'll say it in the fact check And. it says, sorry, I have great tits and correct opinions and it's dead accurate. Dead Accurate. Pretty great present. Could Have a better Present. That's pretty saw. That's tombstone material. It's It's, it might be on the tombstone. I should. Well Bill, I adore you. I'm so glad that we had an excuse to do this. and I hope We do it again. I what will be probably your fourth enormous hit on Apple TV shortly. I'm sure at the rate you're going. Congrats on everything. I'm so happy for you. Thank You so much. Congrats to you guys. You guys are very good at it. Thank You Thank You for having me. All right. Be well. Stay tuned for more armchair expert.


If you dare.


We all have that long nagging home to-Do list full of annoying things that need to be fixed, clogged, drained hole in the drywall or the ac not cooling. But now you're able to get it done. Meet front door. The one-stop home repair and maintenance app front door lets you video chat with experts in real time so you can diagnose the problem faster. Fix it yourself right then, or front door will send you a list of local pros to come out and help solve the problem. Now it's easy to cross things off your to-do list and enjoy that feeling of done. Get unlimited video chats with an expert for $25 a year. Download and try front door for free today.


Next off is the fact check. I don't even care about fact. I just want to get in your pants. One of these coasters might work. Hold it up. I I must increase my bus. Must you? Well that's what I was doing. Yes. Technically you were, today you were doing tries for the guys I. did you? Oh, I mean curls for the girls. What were you current, what were you doing? I wasn't increasing my bust. I wasn't a chest day. Although there was a little bit of chest activity in one of the other exercises. I I'm still catching my breath as you can hear. Yeah. Lemme cut your Breath. Apologies to the listener. Even more so to the viewer. 'cause I'm in my workout gear Straight out of the gym Z knee brace check.


Ooh, you know, embarrassingly, I've been doing that exercise that I saw Lenny Kravitz do. What does he do? I don't know about this. Oh, well first of all, he does it in leather pants with no shirt, which is so cool. I guess I'm inching towards that. That's probably the finish line. Okay. Do do it in leather pants. Okay. But you are on a decline bench. Okay. Right. So you're laying, and then you have the 45 pound bar, then you have some weight, and then you do a sit up on the incline and at the top you go full extension. Then you come all the way down. Oh, Cheez. So it's a inverted sit up. But with the bar and the, That sounds hard. They're hard. Yeah. But they're starting to make my obliques pop. Oh. And that's a fun development.


That's Fun for you. Big time. I do. You like obliques? I Love 'em. Yeah, I do. Yeah. Yeah. And in fact, let's see if we agree on this. I think guys are like, I get my chest huge, right? Yeah. My biceps, They wanna increase our bust. But I think women are like Oh. yeah. Those obliques sign me up for Me. Yes. This enormous chest. What are you gonna do? Push a car up a hill? It's know I, yeah. Hot take for me, a huge chest is hard to hug. Hmm. I like hugs, Right? Yes. Certainly. There's a lot of these gentlemen you couldn't wrap your arms around. Right. Some of these, there's just something about these Mr. Olympians. If you, if you reach your full arms out, it probably would just get to the sides of their body.


Yeah. It'd be like this. Yeah. That's roughly the size that Phil Heath's s back was when he was Here. Yeah. The rock hard chest. Yeah. Sometimes. Go ahead. Sometimes, I mean, I, you're everyone who everyone has ever hugged you gives you a compliment on your hug. You are very good at hugging. I'm a very intentional hugger. Yeah. You give great hugs. Well, Thank You so much. But sometimes when we hug now, if you're not being intentional. Yeah. I, I like ricochet off. Oh, Into the shit. Brick. Brick shit house. Tiny. Oh, well that's not great news. And not to throw him under the bus, but Charlie too. Look, There's a downside to being, there's a Downside.


Should be imperfect time Charlie. Yeah. And. that might be, the hugs might be a little bit painful, but I bet there's a lot of folks that are like, sign me up for that perfect. 10 charlie pain. Of course they're Of course they are. But at any rate, as They should. Okay. Continuing on with my boring exercise box jumps. Oh wow. Okay. Yeah. Did those Okay. Did dead lifts. Okay. Did pull, pull-ups? Mm. Then that was it. I ran out of time, ran directly here, as you can see. Yeah. And I'm on my short, short, short. I wonder when I start doing strength training Yeah. If I'm gonna come in and wanna talk about this kind of thing. I hope so. And in fact, goodbye to every other topic if you're super into it. Oh, No. I know, Like, I don't think he'd mind me outing him, but Mark Rober, who we love the pod, he called me the other day or he texted me and said, can I ask you about some workout stuff?


Four minutes? He said Yeah. And I was like, Oh. yeah, of course. So we hopped on the phone 34 minutes. Wow. We just couldn't stop talking about it. Wow. Yeah, because he's on a new routine. Yeah. He's he's looking to add some, Well tell him about the hugs. Tell him when he is given up. It's only, it's only ethical leadership back. Yeah. Back. That one will be four minutes. That one will come in under phone Over to me. I'll, I'll, I'll elongate that. Yeah. I wonder which ones you're gonna love and hate the most. I wonder You come a little gym rat. That's gonna be great. I'm open to, it changes in the air. I'm open to it, but I like my identity. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


You don't have to let the important parts go. Yeah, that's true. But your identity isn't like I'm under muscle. That's me. No. Right. It's not. In fact, I lived a long time on this earth in tiptop shape. Right. Premium peak. That was how I started my journey. I came out the womb in tiptop shape, Leap muscle mass. But I do have a grievance to air on your birthday stories footage surfaced of you in cheer practice. I know. And you take us right to the moment, the dude's about to throw you in the, the air. And I'm like, who at? What is this? Wait, I didn't section? No. You see me, you see me land. No, You don't even go up. It's just like you guys all milling about and this guy's going like this.


And then you're, then all of a sudden you go like this. Like you're ready to think. And then he's about to grab you and then boom, we're onto the next clip. That's not true. Oh my God. I have to get up. Oh, I have to get up. Oh, here it is. I have to sit down. Okay. I mean, I, I showed, we were at the party still. So I showed Ryan because you know, he understands Cheerleading. Is it possible that the clip you put into stories, because stories are only 15 seconds long or whatever they are, it cut off right at the, the money shot. There is A chance. Absolutely. Yeah. I think that's What happened. It was her story that I reposted. And who's her? My coach. Her Can't talk is her as a dog. My coach Kelly. Oh, okay. Kelly did, do you know what really quick Rob?


Yes. Like we have this capability at this point. Oh. To Throw it Like you could be playing this on this tv. Holy shit. I, What the fuck else is this thing here for other than to see Monica get caught by the PO puntang Can be done. It's not All we should do it. So when we watch YouTube clips and stuff Yeah. Can be a lot more dynamic. Yeah, yeah. For sure. Okay. Okay. So you're right about the story, but what you're supposed to do is now it's gone. 'cause it was a, it was a story. Yeah. But you, you click on the actual video and then you can see the whole video. Boy, I don't know about that part. Wow. I just taught you something I know about that.


Okay. Another reason I was rushed. And so a lot of people are going like, how could you have neglected your buys and tries? Because I've only listed people Are really worried. Yeah. I know, Probably like biting their fingernails. And it's because I took the brain test today. Have you done yours? Not Yet. I think it's called the cognitive test for The lay person. Dr. Richard Isaacson. In this. I've never been a part of anything more comprehensive than this. I'm both really shame, grateful. And also this is nuts. Like I, at some point I'm like, don don't know if I care this much about my health. I know, in retrospect, I'll be really happy. I did it. Yes. What did you tell me about Wait, am I, should I not know? No, there's no way to like cheat.


Okay. It's mostly fun. Okay. But it is taxing. Like she read a list of like 20 words just in a row. Okay. I, I still have some of it. You do? Yeah. So, But don't tell me It's not gonna, what if it's the same, you're not gonna hold onto it. If I do, It's Gonna be the same because I just ask Kristen who already did it as well. Oh, so desk, shoe, bird, stove, mountain. Right. It, those are some of the, so it's just this long list of words. Okay. And then she goes, okay, repeat as many of the words back to me as you can. Okay. Then you do a lot of other tests. Time goes on an hour and 20 minutes. Ah-Huh. And then it's like, read me the, you know, how many can you give the list?


Oh. And do you have to do it in order? No. Okay. Although I bet you'll inevitably start memorizing it that way. Yeah. Yeah. Glasses, gun, fist, cloud towel. Right. Wow. Then there's like shapes. You see a ton of shapes in order to, they're just flashing on the screen for a second. Yeah. And then go to this and they're, you don't recognize these symbols. They're completely made up. Right. Okay. It's not like you're like, oh, that's the blue cross and blue. You know? And then they'll put two symbols up and go, which one was in the set? Mm. You gotta click. Right. Ooh. So that's fun. Yeah. You get told a story at the beginning and then you have to repeat as much as the story as you can.


Oh My God. At A couple different times. Okay. That thing you've already done in your life where it spells green, but the green is blue. Yeah. And then it spells green, but it's red. You have to say the color. Yeah. They're fun. But you get like mentally exhausted from it. I bet. Oh, I know. The one that was most exhausting is like, say as many words starting with F as you can think of in 60 seconds. Whoa. Then as many words, Can you say curse words? Sure. You can't say proper nouns. You can't say like give, give, give. You can't add s as you shit To things.


Right. Okay. I think the naming the many words as you can off of a letter was the one where at the end of the, the 60 seconds I was like, you know. Wow. But I was thinking a couple different things. Okay. I think improv training has to be a huge Benefit. Yes. Yeah. Right. You and I should have a big advantage Because of the hyper listenening. I think maybe when you're saying the story and stuff, I, I feel like that's a big game. Well, did you guys ever play this improv game where it's like I say an object? Do you have to say another one? But it cannot be related. So you go coffee. Yeah. I go styrofoam. You go rainy.


You know, like, but Styrofoams kind of related to coffee. Mm. Styrofoam cups. A styrofoam Cup. It's like, no, it's like an A to B or it's like a a g bookshelf Styrofoam. Now you're gonna say, well you could make a bookshelf outta styrofoam. You could, it'd be a very flimsy one. It wouldn't hold any books. Yeah. But I think the practice of rejecting your brain's desire to get stuck on something Yeah. Is something you can practice. Yeah. That's true. Like non sequitur game. I guess it is. Did you have one like that? I'm sure we did. I feel like the ones I remember the most were more like, I love mind meld. Remind me how that one goes. Mind meld is on three we say, we both say a word.


And then on the second round on three, we try to find the word that meets in the middle of, of that word, basically. And get the same word. Should we try it? Absolutely. Okay. Ready? 1, 2, 2, 3. Bagel, cloud and bagel. Okay. Ready? Yeah. 2, 1, 2, 3. Darn It. Circle, Circle in. One. One. 2, 2, 3. Sugar Manhole cover. Oh no. See this is what happens. You said sugar? Yeah. Sugar and manhole cover. 1, 2, 2, 3. 1, 2, 3. Period.


Two, three. Breasts. Blood. Oh no. Oh no. Oh wait, what was it? it Was breast and blood. Breast and blood. But I already said, can we repeat? Two, three. 1, 2, 3, baby. Oh no. Bad Babies. 1, 2, 3. Syndrome. I. Know. I was. I was, I was. You shoulda have gone with your heart. I know, but it felt, felt, felt like I Couldn't I Know. But everything's safe in a game. God, I Kind of, I was, was Except for racial sls. I was gonna say Sids. Yeah. So we and I couldn't think of the acronyms. We did get it. Oh we got It. That was a dark one. I know They don't always go that dark.


They normally don't. Improv is fun. It is. I wish there was a way to just do it for fun. I Don't think I, I think I'm so rushy In a classroom. You could take classes. Don don't wanna take classes. I just wanna go do it. Yeah. In a room though, You don't wanna be on the stage. Well, I did do that charity improv show. Yeah. With like all the heavyweights who they haven't left their foot off the gas in 25 years. Yeah. They're still Doing it. Yeah. and I was pretty intimidated, but I also was, I felt pretty good. Good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because I was quite nervous. Yeah. I was like, I'm just not gonna tap in much. Right. I'm gonna be there. My job's just to be there and be on the invitation. Yeah. And of course you know me, you can't help it. I couldn't stay out of it.


Greedy little pickle. Yes I am. Oh, that reminds me. We've been in a really fun routine at bedtime. I lay in the middle of Delta and Lincoln and Delta has this set of dolls. It's a black woman, two white children, and a white woman and a black child. Okay. And so I inherited this story, which is kind of fun 'cause it's like an improv suggestion. Yeah. So Delta explained to me that the black woman adopted these two white children. Okay. But then the third is her biological. Got it. And then the white woman's just like, I guess she is a yoga instructor.


She's on the periphery. I kind of, I can't figure out what, how she works into all this. And so I do all the voices and the, the boy is Mark or Drew, depending on the night. Okay. And then Paisley and Lily. Oh. And the yoga woman's name is Whitney. That's which I said sounds like Whitey Oh. yeah. Did she? And Then I decided it was Whitney. Whitey is her name. I inherited the names. You did? Okay. In the dynamics. Okay. Okay. Okay. Biological child who adopted. Do you think mom and Whitney are in a relationship? No. I think mom thinks Whitney's nuts. 'cause Whitney's solution to everything is yoga.


And she's doing yoga poses that are very inappropriate. Oh. I'm not controlling Whitney Whitey. Okay. Lincoln's in charge of Whitney Whitey. Oh, got it. She wants everyone to get in the crab position and all this stuff. Oh my. Okay. And then Mark hyperextended, his groin trying to participate last night. Oh. And he was sent to the vet. Oh. Instead of a doctor. Okay. Anyways, I do two of the voices of the four. And then the girls pick one character. And these has been going on for like 45 minutes to an hour before bed. Fun. It's so fun. And the girls, not to brag, but the girls are like, dad, you're so good at that game. And I'm like, girls, this is improv. Yeah. But anyways, it's a great way to teach them.


Yes. And like the, yeah. Everything's cool. But when they deny I bust their ass. Yeah. Good. I hold to the fucking fire. Yeah. Ah. There's no denying. I say, you got a nice stove pop hat on. Do stove top hat on. Yep. You gotta tell me where you got it. Yep. Exactly. I feel like I might be starting to blueprint their brain. Ooh. To get ready for it. I like That. Oh. But I can do it forever. Like, I look forward to it. I'm sure. That sounds so fun. Oh, it's so fun. Mark. Mark. Stop. Hyperextending your groin. You're gonna end up at the doctor Mark. Mark talks like this. Mom, I can totally handle it. Wow. Yeah. He's like a surfer A little bit. And Lily's like, I am the first born. Even though you're biological. I was here first.


Oh, she's a brass. Is she based off me? No. But now that you point out the similarities, is that what you said a lot to Neil? I was here first. I was here first. No, actually that was never one of my That's that's way too pedestrian. First come, first serve. I was here first Neil. No, it'd be like, it'd be, oh no, that's wrong. I would, first is the worst. Second is the best. But that doesn't work for me. That works for him. Do you think second is first? The last or some shit? What's the things? It's first is the worst. Second is the best. Third is the one with a treasure chest. Wait, What does that mean? That's what It means. Wait.


Third is the one with the treasure chest. Yeah. It's something a second child says. Or if you're in second place. Okay, great. You would say you're, but what does a Treasure chest mean? It's just like they're giving, I'm going to a dirty place. Right. I mean Like a carpenter's dream or a pirate's dream. Wait, carpenter's dream Flat is a board easy to nail. But That's the opposite of a treasure chest. A treasure chest is very well endowed I know. I'm just saying, it makes me think of those things. I see. Sunken chest, lots of booty. Okay. Okay. I didn't make these up. and I don't condone them. I just know them. You know them. I think it's just like giving third something cool Consolation price. It's a way, you know what, it's a way to take down number one as we love to do.


Yeah. Yeah. As we love, love to do. Yeah. In this world. We do. Last night I, I worked late to late and then I thought, you know, I'm gonna watch something. I haven't watched anything in a while 'cause I've been Tired. Please say you started chimp crazy. I did not start chimp crazy yet. But You are so insolent. I am not. You'll just, just hold your little horse. Okay. Okay. Hold my sunken chest. You know, I have some connections in this life and I got my hand, my hand in this biz show business. Yeah. In this biz. and I got my hands on. Nobody wants this. Kristen and Adam show. Oh, That came your way early. I I got my grubby hands on it and it's, I watched seven episodes.


No way. Yeah. Did you tell Her that? I mean, I started this again. This is like only murders in the building. Or I start it late and then I just keep going and going, going. Yeah. So I couldn't keep texting her 'cause it was the middle of the night. This is a Easter egg for an upcoming episode. Yeah. And. that Was out last week. Yeah. And that episode where Kristen says that this character's a cool girl. Yeah. and I do know behind the scenes as you do too. That that was a thing for her. Like she, Everyone wants to try to be the Cool girl. Everyone wants to be the cool girl. Yeah. And she, I think that was important to her to pull off.


Yeah. And she really fucking pulled it off. Yeah. Yeah. She's so cool in it. and I I did text her and tell her that, Oh, she's gonna be so happy. She is so good. It's, it's like Frustrating A little. Sure. It's a little frustrating. Where I just, every time, every time, every time I see her do anything on camera, it's just, she Was born too. She's perfect. She's perfect. Flawless. Yeah. There really is. No one better. It's, it's really something. I Know, there was, there is an arc. You know, there's like, I think for her, there was some people in front of her that seemed insurmountable. And one I'll say, 'cause we both admire her so much.


Reese Witherspoon. Yeah. Because she just does all the things. Yeah. She's so talented. Yeah, she is. They're roughly the same mini powerful Bond. Yeah. Yeah. And they ha they both like run businesses and Yeah. And she is such a peer to her now. Yeah. I think Kristen is tricky because, you know, she's never done like a bla a black swan. You know, she's never put herself really in a position where the academy is looking at her or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. But She could, She for sure could. Yeah. And she, I I think that's why it's so impressive. Almost overlooked. I mean, everyone knows she's good, but it's when you, when obviously when you know about acting Yeah.


And you watch her, it is so impressive. It is so razor sharp. Kristen has achieved that. Right. Like you can just Yeah. Put her in something and by God it'll work. I know. But I, I, yes. But I think that was always the case. I I don't think I You don't think he's gotten better and better? I, I think maybe not. I mean, Veronica Mart think so that's what I'm, when I watch her early, early days, you can tell it's like, oh, this person knows how to do this in such, in such a deep, innate way. Yeah. That is, yeah. That doesn't seem learned. You're right. I don't think she got better in that. She wasn't already great and perfect. It's that she just over time gets to show you more and more things she can do.


Yeah. Which then cumulatively it gets more and more impressive. Yes. In my opinion. Yeah. So it's like, yeah. A that's a really great killer sign though. I'm glad that you wanted to watch seven in a row. I did. but Yeah their, their chemistry is like, Forget it. Right. So good. Yeah. It is so hot. Yeah. And so good. And It's driving Whole great banter great, great banter. He's so fucking charming and dreamy, isn't He? He is. He is. He is. And then it made me start making, it started to make me think about chemistry. Chemistry as we say in the business And as we say in science, chemistry's such a weird thing because not just chemistry on screen, but chemistry in life.


Do you think chemistry is required for love? No. I've observed lots of people in love who really kind of don't have chemistry. Yeah. You know, I know. That's A, there's a lot of people that, and I'm gonna just be very broad, but in my experience, it's like I've seen some intellectuals together where it's like they're both so unique and as and, and idiosyncratic and they work together as a team. Yeah. Like they're this intriguing partnership for talking and stuff, but it's like there's no like sparks flying out of their eyes Or Right. Right. Yeah. I definitely think, and and that's, and I think we talked about it in the upcoming episode that aired last week, that it's not predictable.


So it's like, it's not, it has nothing to do with whether you get along with somebody or you like them greatly. Yeah. Many of couples famous Hollywood couples will get on screen together and there's nothing there. Right. Or, you know, allegedly. And famously when we interview either of these two people, maybe they'll correct us. Like another future episode that aired last month. There is Oh. Yeah. You know, allegedly Clooney and J-Lo could not stand each other. Right. and I don't know that I've ever seen better chemistry than in out of sight between those two. I wonder what Polsky would say about chemistry. Me Too. And how are we defining it? I guess because chemistry on screen, I wanna, I wanna pivot it more to life, I guess.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Because that's more Applicable To everyone. Yeah. Approachable. Relatable. Our words go Right ring. Oh my God. How fast do I need, need to go? I'm so as many as you can get in 60 seconds. Oh, ro rolly polly. Does that count? Yeah. Oh my God. So scared. Oh my God. Did they give you a score? No, I wish I had. Yeah. You know, I'm so competitive. Righteous. Good. That's three Throughout this episode. Ring around the Roy. That should count for multiple. I figured out a trick and I don't know if I should give it to you or not. Ooh, by the way, It's, don't give it to me.


Also, you don't want to cheat on it because the whole point of this test is a baseline. So if you take it in two years or whatever it is Yeah. And you don't have a cheat, it's gonna look like you're in a nose dive cognitively. Exactly. So, you know, I don't wanna know the chief. Okay. But I, after you do it, I'll, okay. Rob, have you done your yours? Nope. Okay. I have not. Okay. So no, no spoilers until we've both done it. Okay. Anyway. Chemistry. So chemistry, you know, this is one of those things that therapists will tell you sometimes that you're looking for the spark or the butterflies or the, which that to me is chemistry. Yeah. Like electricity. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But often those are not really the people you're supposed to be with.


Yeah. But I've just had the other one that I actually think is kind of, it's, it's hard to, it's so pointless to say. I'm, I'm inclined to say it's the kind that you should maybe resist. And I'm saying that because those relationships didn't work out, but at the same time, one was five years and almost nine years. So I, those are huge wins. Yeah. So I can't really chalk those up to, I shouldn't follow that tidal wave of smacked in the face love at first sight. Yeah. Because those are, those are great relationships. Five and nine. But what did, what was it about them? Like was it banter or was it just like Physical but very specific? Physical. Like Carrie, I can, I can see in my mind perfectly in 1992 where she was standing on a balcony at this tiny apartment at a party wearing green felt pants.


Yeah. And this kind of hippieish shirt. Yeah. And her blonde spiraly curly hair. And she turned around and she has this insane smile and not like insane smile like Cindy Crawford. Not like, I'm not saying the smile is like, should be on the cover of a, it was like such a specific smile with the meaningness and the way too big a hair. Yeah. And the little felt pain. Like something happened where I was just like, oh my. And you hadn't met her yet? No. Wow. I mean, I vaguely knew that she went to my school and she was a pair of twins. Right. So that's gonna get you a little attention. Sure. I thought she was like a hippie. Sure. Wasn't my scene hippies.


Yeah. Maybe. You know, I just was vaguely aware. Yeah. But all of a sudden I was just like, oh Lord. I I I'm not, I am now going to do everything I can. Yeah. That leads to me being with her. Wow. And same with Brie. And you know what I did? I found out what class she was in and in the middle of the day on a Monday, that was like a Saturday. I saw her, I went into her class in the very middle of class. Oh my God. and I said, I'm so sorry, I have a message from the office for Carrie and I walked to her desk and gave her a piece of paper and said, your boyfriend's number is 3 1 0 6 5, blah, Blah, blah. Smooth.


Very smooth, Smooth Criminal. When you watch stuff like that, like when you watch the scenes between Adam and Kristen. Yeah. And when you watch Rom, I mean this is, this is why part of why some people think romantic comedies are problematic is because it is, it is ingraining. That that is the thing to chase Love at first sight. Love at first sight. And this like, will they won't, you know this like these games. Yeah. Games. They're so fun. Games Are fun. We love games. We love, we love mind Melds Monopoly, spades, chess. Oh, as many games. You can listen. 60 seconds. Go go go. Lamb twister.


Who know? Rally. That's, that's back to our words. What if they would've said name as many games as you can in 60 seconds. I mean, that's, that's as legit as any other question's. That wasn't improv. It would be called, it was called like thunderstruck or something. What? My uc. DC. Yeah. And then everyone would like, maybe it wasn't Thunderstruck. Thunderdome Thunderdome. Yes. And two people would enter the thunderdome and you'd have to get up. We Don't need another hero. We don't need another out. Oh, we wanted was be Home.


The Thunder. Do Watch this watch. No, No, no, no, No. What Up? Oh my God. Sorry. Okay. Okay. Moving on. Gotta do. Okay. Who needs Oh my God. Dax, come back. Come back Baby. Come back. And it kind of food. Good. See? All right. Thunderdome, you would play Thunderdome. Yeah. Two would go in and you'd go back and forth on a, on a, on a, a theme or a Yeah. Genre or whatever. And you'd go Yeah. You would, you'd do like some sort of chanting anyway.


Yeah. Chemistry. It's interesting. Yeah. Yeah. So what, I guess what's Oh, oh, Oh. Yeah. Oops. Cheez. Alright. What if that's something that people like what, what if we accidentally revealed that we were insanely clumsy? Because no one would've known on audio. Right? Yeah. But what if I was like, what, what episode Is this? Oh my Jennifer, you know, like, we were largely free to use clumsy. I just thought that 'cause you clanked your I. did I? Computer and I. I'm, I'm a little clumsy. Moderately. Yeah. I am also, period.


It's on its way out. Oh, Okay. It's waning. Yeah. Just a couple remnant flies here and there. Yeah. Some hanging around. Okay. John Stewart's real name is John Lebowitz. I just glanced at your knees. So I, that's another thing that could get caught on camera now. Okay. I said just a few flies, just some remnants. And then I, even though I know that's a joke. You want, you look for flies. I glanced at your legs to see if there's any flies. That's And now I just spit across the room at you when I go fall. Fuck. I'm, this is gonna show me how to show business. Well I thought you were tired anyway. Yeah, I did. Except for now I want to come back on Monkey Bad Monkey. Bad Monkey. That well, that ding, ding ding.


Is this for Bill? Yeah. Oh, perfect. Wasn't he fond? So fun. Love him. I've always loved him from afar. Yeah. and I. He's your kind of guy. and I love Scrubs so much. You loved, I I I loved It when I was hearing you talk to him about it. I felt like that was a reveal for me. I Loved it. Call nine Borderline Pop out. Really? Yeah. I don't think you've ever told me that. No. Remember we definitely talked about it because when we had Zach on Yeah. That's, that's the original. Monica Loves Boys because there's a picture of me looking at Zach and I look very giddy. Ah. And Rob got the picture. That's the original, that's how that started.


Oh Wow. Yeah. it was just really early on. So we forgot. Oh Really? Yeah. Oh wow. But I, I loved that show. Callie and I watched it in college. Religiously And. we were obsessed with it. And it was our show. The show was very heartfelt. But at that time, right up my alley of comedy. Very absurd. I have never watched it Oh. yeah. Other than my Uncle Rob. Shout out Robbie called my mother and said, Dax is on a new show. It's called Scrubs. He didn't tell anyone. And then I found it just to see, see Like, and I was like, it's Oh my God.


It's Eerie. Yeah. It is. Like, I don't like the feeling of That's so funny that you, 'cause you feel, you feel like you're too unique. I don't know what it is. It's weird to see yourself in a show you didn't film. Well Sure. and I just, but you know, it's not you. But then I start, it starts to fuck with your identity a little bit. You're, I'm like, oh, all this stuff that I think is so unique to me is kind of happening right here. Someone else is doing it. Yeah. don don't really need to know about it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I think I could watch it now. In fact, I I'm gonna do that. Want seven Episodes. Great show. Maybe the a kid, the kids would probably like it. I mean, I, I haven't seen it in so long. I'm sure. I mean, that's a good idea at this point. It's a while it's old, so I wonder how it holds up.


But, but The kids all are all about these. I told you they they binge Brooklyn nine nine in there and now they're on their second viewing of it. Yeah. But Brooklyn Nine nine is current. Yeah. Yeah. Very current. it was a lovely show. And And also, I didn't realize he did Clone High. 'cause Callie was obsessed with Clone High. She was, she's in the Bill Lawrence game. Does she know she's, I don't know if she knows Call In. I don't think she Knows. Builds her religion. Don don't think so. I have to let her know. Okay. So he said that if you type in most realistic medical show of all time, Scrubs will come up. I did do that. It did. It did. It did. Well. It, it's, a lot of people say Er and Scrubs. Okay, great.


But it's in there. John Wells and Bill, and they both teach John and Bill. That's interesting. Remember he was saying John Wells teaches No Orson Wells. No, no. John Wells. it was teaches a show running. Oh. Workshop. I thought he said something And so does Bill. Yeah. He teaches Disorganized chaos And John Wells is er. Right. I didn't realize, Realize. So it's kind of funny that they both are teaching. That is funny. And they're tied for the most medical accurate medical show. He wrote the one with the Candy Hearts, that friends episode. Did you remember it? Yes. I did. and I. I I really, I kept quiet about my level of knowledge and fandom. Oh, I interpreted your quietness.


It's like, oh no. This is one of the only episodes Monica didn't like episode like Oh. yeah. No, it's great. It's a great episode. It's a great episode. I'll read you a little clip. It's Valentine's Day and out on his first date in nine years, Ross meets up with his ex-wife. Meanwhile, Monica, Phoebe and Rachel rebel against the spirit of the day by burning mementos of past relationships. Okay. The Will and Grace episode of Revisionist History is when Will Met Grace. Hmm. So you can find that on Pushkin. You can probably find that on everywhere you get your podcast. I'm gonna send that to Bill 'cause I bet he'll have forgotten. and I bet he would love that episode. Yeah. And then it was a nice little blast from the past when you brought up Brian Regan.


'cause that was Kelly and I also liked Brian Regan. You did? Yeah. Wow. I wanted to do one more thing I wanna play. It's just his daughter's song. Oh, it's, oh, I'm glad you're playing this with Sting or I mean with, Could I find It? Should I try to find it? No. Wanna keep playing that? That's not Pull in. Try to keep it unspoken. Bite my lip till they're broken. Oh, he must B me.


We don have You can find the Paul McCartney one. That's what I Yeah, I was looking for. I've Got it. You got it. Oh, do you know how to use, have you ever seen a That's an iPhone.


Monica. It's an iPhone 13. Wow. No, the speaker's at the bottom. Oh. yeah. Just like an like this. Yeah. You know. No. Yeah. The very bottom. There's the speaker. Yeah. That's not gonna get flagged. That's, That Was her at Paul McCartney. Keep on rocking in the free world. That's fun. Yeah. How cool. What is it like when you're Paul McCartney and everywhere you go you're just like sprinkling the most memorable experience on people's lives. Like no one meets Paul McCartney and, and, and doesn't remember it.


And. it doesn't tell everyone. Yeah. You her. I told it to you in front of Bill. Right? Yeah. You've told it before, but you Can tell Oh, I've already told it before. Yeah, yeah. No, just, we were in an elevator at a press junket and Kristen was holding Lincoln and she was like a year and a half old. And out of nowhere, the doors open on a floor and Paul McCartney stepped into the elevator and he just looked at Lincoln and with the sweetest little cooey face and he said, let me give you a flower. He was holding a flower and he put it behind her ear. And then the door opening, he got off And. we were just like, oh my God. Fucking beetle. Just Put a flower behind Lincoln. You should see that. The flower. Yes. And framed it. Can You? Well, I love Bill.


Me Too. Yeah. Monica, you turn your mic around. What's The word for that? Pineapple Bit gone bad. Yeah. Great time with Bill. Super fun. We Love Bill. We love A lot of bills. We do. We have a lot of bills in our life that we enjoy Draining bills. All right, love you. Love you.


Follow Armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


We've all been there turning to the internet, to self-diagnose our inexplicable pains, debilitating body aches, sudden fevers, and strange rashes. Though our minds tend to spiral to worst case scenarios, it's usually nothing. But for an unlucky few, these unsuspecting symptoms can start the clock ticking on a terrifying medical mystery like the unexplainable death of a retired firefighter whose body was found at home by his son, except it looked like he had been cremated or the time when an entire town started jumping from buildings and seeing tigers on their ceilings. Hey listeners, it's Mr. Ballin here and I'm here to tell you about my podcast. It's called Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries. Each terrifying true story will be sure to keep you up at night. Follow Mr. Bain's medical mysteries wherever you get your podcasts. Prime members can listen early and ad free on Amazon Music.