
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan Shepherd and I'm joined by Mrs. Mouse. Hi there. The mightiest of the Meese. I'm here, I'm mighty. Wow. Yeah, I'm, I have to imagine many people have guessed about this episode 'cause we've obviously been so excited for a while now we have knowing and so excited that I was like, even though he said yes, I just feel like there'll be something'll happen.


There's No way. I know. I'm still scared. Yeah, I am too. Until it's been out for like even two weeks maybe. Yes. But yeah, the number one from when I sat down the notion of, of interviewing this person was absolutely implausible. Hilarious. It was a joke. It was a funny joke. Yep. But then Monty got Matt Damon and that maybe cracked a little ray of hope. Oh yeah. Dreams do come true. Dreams come true. Without further ado, my dream boyfriend Brad Pitt, an Academy award-winning actor, a producer, Fight Club seven. I feel embarrassed to even listing these. Mr. And Mrs. Smith. Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, in Glorious Bastard and the new most kickass movie of the summer.


I'm gonna declare it as the most kickass movie of the whole summer and maybe the decade F1 Hair raising, fucking a point of view you've never gotten. This is as close as you can get to what it feels like to be in a race car. Oh, it's incredible. And he's fucking perfect. He's, he's perfect. God. We love him. We really do. And he, I mean, as you'll hear, he's just such a delight. So kind. Gave us so much of his time. Yeah. Charm the fuck out of us. Really? Oh yeah. Well get your spare. Nope, don't say it. Please enjoy Brad Pitt.


We are supported by ShipStation. We love to talk about tech and AI advancements on the show. And if you're still operating your shipping and fulfillment processes with last year's technology, have we got an ad for you? It's Ship Station Baby. Lead your business into the future with smart features and automations that boost efficiency and save you time seamlessly. Automate repetitive tasks so you can work smarter, not harder. And you can seamlessly integrate with services and selling channels you already use and manage orders on one easy dashboard. We just shipped all of our last round of merch with ShipStation and it made Carly's life a breeze. Over 130,000 companies have grown their e-commerce business with ShipStation and 98% of companies that stick with ShipStation for a year become customers for life. Calling the chaos of order fulfillment with the shipping software that delivers. Switch to ShipStation today. Go to shipstation.com and use Code Dax to sign up for your free trial. That's shipstation.com code Dax.


We are supported by Michigan. Ding ding, Ding. I'm such a proud Michigander. I love Michigan. The people, the nature in summertime, in Michigan, I'm telling you I would put it up against any place in the world. It's such a beautiful state and it's a great place for everyone, especially kids, to experience all four seasons with beaches, trails and snow. A stones throw away. What you may not know is Michigan is also a great place to work. You can have a quality lifestyle and a rewarding tech career. The fast growing and rapidly evolving. Automotive and clean energy industries offer opportunities for career advancement no matter what your skill level. Plus Michigan offers accessible housing, exciting nightlife, and an inclusive community for all. It's really a one of a kind place. And do not forget the Lakes. Lakes, lakes, lakes, lakes, lakes. Live your best. Nine to five and five to nine. You can in Michigan. Go to the Michigan life.org to learn more.


He's an so nice to meet you. Me too, sir. I got ice. No, you're good. What'd you get? I tried this new thing here. It's a blueberry latte. Yeah, I'll take a sip. I'll absolutely take a sip. Thank you for offering. Oh yes. Is it nice? Blueberry Is my favorite fake flavor. You want in there? Take a little rip. Not really, but no, I will. I'll I've put two nicotine products next to you in case you are wanting.


No, I'm done. For how long for you? A couple years now. Zero nicotine. None. Why? I think 30 years of smoking. I've just figured. Had enough. I've had enough. Good for you. I've had enough. But Nicotine is really good for your brain. Is it? That's what he likes to say. Listen, I got in reserves. Yeah. You don't need any Pick me ups now. Is there any problem with advertisement? No, no, no. You can do whatever you want. We can advertise for Those are, those Are just what we thought you might like. We threw a lot of beverages at you. But We're gonna ask you to hold a filet of fish at one point and say, God damn, this is good. You don't Have to say McDonald's. I have no idea what this means, but I'm doing a fucking ad for you. God's you are looking.


Yeah. Supporting both. Is that Sure. Wow. Is that a waffle? What is that? What do we call that? Yes. Yeah, it Looks fucking great. The blue's really nice. Okay. Not Only is this God's true cashmere. I'm pretty sure this is the one you gifted me. I've got a few now. I was like, I think that's the one he sent. You Know what I think he's doing? I think he's kind of like pining for another gift. Oh, there's no question for gift. I think he's like troll a little bit. I mean I'm not gonna rule out that I don't want one. She has some trues. I do have some shorts. Shorts are fun. They're so cute. Yeah, they green and white. Would you Do a hoodie? I would do a hoodie. Even with long hair. 'cause sometimes women with long hair than like the hoodie. I keep That hair up a lot. You cut her hair off, right? For a free hoodie?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, Great. Great. For God's True Or a blanket? You guys do blankets. Oh Yeah, we do cushy blankets. Ah, That sounds nice. How did we come up with the name God's True Cashmere? My dear friend who is originally a holistic nurse that I met around the time we met in Your age of discovery And my age of discovery. And I came in one day and she said, I had a dream about you. You said, I want more green in my life. And I literally said that to someone the day before, just at a whim. I want more green in my life. And so she made me a green shirt. This super soft super cash. Her name is Sat hetty. It means God's truth. Oh. And she goes, what do you think of this?


We started making them and we really liked them. Then we started making 'em for our friends and we thought, alright, let's make a little side hustle and have some fun with it. It's been a lot of fun. So fun. But yeah. So she said, what do you think of God's true cashmere? I went, it's bold. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's memorable. It sticks out. Can't find a reason not to. Might get a certain segment of the country mad, but hey, let's roll with it. Well, I mean, everyone's got their own definition, right? They Sure do. Well, everyone thinks it's you that your God and it's your true cashmere. What would be Very, I think people might think that. That we, I thought it. No, No. You Really Did. In a good way. In a good, oh no, I really stepped in it already.


Well, I gotta go. Yeah. Pit. He's known for his ego. No, you're not. Okay. So on that topic, I like that there's no entry to this. No, We get right in. Don't you like that? 'cause don't you think when you're acting action is almost, and there have been famous directors who don't say action. I asked him the last one not to. Okay. Yeah. 'cause all of a sudden it's like, be great now. Yes. Go jarring. Yeah. As opposed to like, we're talking, we're hanging. Given the way you and I met. Does it make you nervous sexually? You mean? Of course. Oh, he wishes. That's hopefully where it'll, where It's, you know, I've never had a gay experience that kind of missed that window. But if I did, Yeah.


It wouldn't be you. Oh, oh man. You had me. I was like, wow, he's gonna Say it. I was like, Dax is going maybe 14th. Died in 14th Or 15th. I don't wanna brag, but you're gonna need to build up to me. Oh boy. I do recommend you start with some starters. Okay. Okay. Back to the real thing. Given in the context in which we met, which is like really heightened honesty and vulnerability, does it make you nervous to have to talk with me in public? No, not at all. Quite at ease. Oh, okay. Great. We can say men's group, right? I was gonna Ask. I say you're not supposed to, but I say it. I Said that I went on some New York Times interview and what an amazing thing this experience was.


For me. It was a men's group. It was aa, it was when I first was getting sober. I just thought there was just incredible men sharing their experiences, their foibles, their missteps, their wants, their aches, and a lot of humor with it. I thought it was really special experience coming from the Ozarks where we were like, everything's great. Yeah. And so I do this interview and I say this and I got admonished by someone of the higher up saying, oh you did, it's anonymous. How does that help anyone though? Not for you. That's what I fit. Here's the truth. There was a period of time where if you were known to be an alcoholic, you would be run under your neighborhood. You couldn't find employment. There was a great reason for it. But even deeper than that is they didn't want alcoholics just showing up at their doorstep. No one had a fucking solution.


And you would be kind of inviting just the town drunks to show up. So a lot of reasons, my excuse, 'cause I say it openly and I've gotten some criticism is I've had a couple dozen, maybe more people come up to me in the last seven years and go like, I'm the best man in my brother's wedding. And my family went and talk to me and I found out about a AA from you. And I'm like, I'll take that dude over. Yeah. Too. 1000 fucking haters. I've had a few of those as well. But you go around in a circle, it's kind of spiral 'cause it's really crowded room. Dax was usually near the end 'cause he's been there a while. He's kinda like elder States elder Statesman. Thank you. And I really respected, it was really open and honest was a way to take whatever theme seemed to go in the evening and then put it in the funniest package. And it meant a lot to me.


Really did. Good job. Dak haven't talked to him since. Yeah, Understand. He's so I that I have not seen him since. You use him for what he is worth and then you walk away. That's what we do. Send him a couple of the free products every now and Then. Tell you about our date. He did. But we keep you on the DL a little bit on this show. Yeah. And this is really kind of this fun theme. And I often tell people this and I wonder if you can relate to this. Surely you've worked with people where you're holding two things simultaneously about them. Like if you were to have worked with Paul Newman. Yeah. I imagine you have Paul Newman and then you would have a man. You know, I think it's okay to keep both those things alive. Yeah, I think that's fair. I have a handful of friends.


Robert Dunny Jr. I saw him as a kid in weird science and him dumping the fucking malt off the top of the mall. He's not even a main player in that movie. We had a rad cardigan on and Like a zoo suit or something. Yeah, he Was wild. And I'm like, that dude's awesome. I love that dude. Followed him throughout the years, ultimately became friends with him. And it's like, yeah, I have Robert, the dude I know. And then there's the guy I just was in love with from Chaplain and all these things. They don't intersect, right? Yeah. They don't intertwine that way. Did you have anyone like that? You Said it. I remember meeting Newman, working with Redford, working with Hackman. You know I have that with Sean Penn. Oh yeah. There you go. 89 Sean Penn. Oh Fuck yes.


He'd be number one. Oh my God. How about racing with the moon? How about at close range? Oh my God. He was fucking, you know This one. I haven't Seen that. Okay. Rush home. Okay, I'll put this One on. And he's in it with his brother Christopher Walking. Yeah, Chris. And He got fucking huge for it. Remember as you were younger, you're like, oh shit, Sean Penn's fucking huge. Yeah, he's a Badass. Yeah, he's a bad motherfucker. But he's super stylized. The way it shot, Jimmy Foley directed it. But I think younger actors should study it because so much is said without saying it. It's such a streamlined script and everything is undercurrent. The Movie ISS pretty quiet. It's great. Ooh, okay. We share another one while we're on this road. Mickey Rourke. We do. Whoa. Love that. Mickey Rourke, Where does it start for you?


I started really looking at acting. It was late eighties. And so at that point, Mickey Rourke. Wow. He had this Bogart roughness to him super tough, but also this really vulnerable, he could walk both lines. He was doing something that was so extraordinary. She watched Angel Heart And Lisa Bonnet and Angel Heart. That's incredible. Oh, just incredible. Oh my God, that's your number. Number One. When I was a kid, I'm like, I'm naming my daughter if I have one Epiphany. Lisa Bone. Oh Epiphany. Y Lisa Bone first. Her first name. Lisa Bonnet. Lisa Bonnet. He's got great vulnerability. That's the deal. To be able to walk with that kind of strength and toughness. And he was sexy. Come on. Which dudes weren't really sexy though. Grandes Village. Oh, what a Stated movie.


So eighties. He still is timeless. He's so badass in it. I'm the poop. Oh wow. Remember? Took my fingers, Johnny. Yeah, that's Great. They took my fucking thumb. Charlie Cha. Okay, Go back to that situation. Which meeting you in that context, you're at this meeting, we're gonna get into the fact that a bazillion famous people have come to this meeting and everyone's used to it. And then you came and it was pretty overwhelming. And I got a real sense of what your experience is in this way that I couldn't really fathom. But you have the power of when you are in a place, everyone can't stop thinking about you. And I was like, God, he has to be aware of that. What does that feel like? That's a lot to deal with.


How is he ever gonna open up and be honest in this space? And then it dissipates a bit. People get a little more comfortable. And then you were, you were so fucking honest. And I was like, he must have a stubbornness like I have. Which is like, yeah, all this is going on, but I refuse to let it not let me be a person. Oh, it's Interesting. Never thought about it that way. You know, I was pretty much on my knees and I was really open. I was trying anything and everyone, anything anyone threw at me, it was a difficult time. I needed rebooting. I needed to wake the fuck up in some areas and it just meant a lot to me. So yeah, the first is, oh my God, it's coming around. You know? It's coming around, it's getting closer, it's gonna be yours. Yeah. But everyone was so open.


It gives you permission in a way to go, okay, I'm gonna step out on this edge and see what happens. And then I really grew to love it When another dude shares. So honestly about his struggles and his defects and it gets to you. You feel like you owe him that honesty and return. Anything could go. 'cause some guys would be like, you know what? Didn't have such a bad week. And talk about their wins. Little failures and little successes. And you know what? I woke up and I'm gonna do it again tomorrow. So yeah, that too. What do you think is, there's about 30 guys roughly. Yeah. On a big different guys came out. Especially when you fucking showed up. People are knocking tend up a little bit hardly. There's always one guy though, just loves to hear himself talk and he just go, Yeah, that's tough.


Yeah. And you wait till you get through the next one. It's actually not tough. It's pretty funny. Well, DAXs had in a fight with someone over at once. Did you? I did get in a fight in that room, Yeah. Oh really? I missed that week. We told the story on the podcast so I don't mind saying it out loud again. But the actor Eric Dane, who I now fucking love. Yeah. I have such a sweetness for him. Yeah. We all had a mini group over there. Right, Right, right. He was hosting, but when we first were around each other was not good. And then he threatened a dude in the meeting. Wow. And I said, let's go. Motherfucker Thought he was Getting in the middle of the meeting. He goes, if you hit that timer again, I'm gonna fucking throw you in that candle that that Was At the time. And I go, that's it motherfucker. Let's go stand up, let's go outside. He stands and go outside and I'm gonna beat the fuck out of him in Tom's driveway.


At An AA meeting. At an AA Meeting. We're coming for Healing and understanding. But what's great is we're friends now when we told that story on the podcast and it's quite a hilarious beginning for us because now I love him. But anyways, I set all that up just to say I felt very compassionate to what you go through. And I never sweated you. I wasn't like coming up to you. Hey man, I'm Dax, nice to meet you. So I didn't really interact a ton with you. We Had met before that. We'll save that to the end I think. Okay. It didn't leave a mark, but I'm pretty sure we did. Okay. Listen, I think it would've left them off So I didn't sweat you much. I do want everyone in the world to know you're insanely gracious. You learned everyone's name, you engaged with people. I thought you were particularly good at assessing who was kinda low status and you seem to really be kind to those people.


It was really moving. Some of these men were so moving. And then you come up to me at the end and you go, Hey, are you going to this track day next week? And I go, yeah, I am. And then I go, oh right. We both know Duffy. This must be how you know I'm going to that track day. Track day. Motos Vehicles. Gotcha. Motorcycles on the track wheels. I know About vehicles. Two wheels. She's been on some vehicles. I have been on a couple. And You go, Hey, you wanna ride up on a helicopter with me? And I go, absolutely This go Luke mode that of Course I wear, what should I wear? Bachelor, Bachelor style, date? Do you have a favorite color you want me to dress In? So you invited me and I was like, oh this is incredible. I wasn't even sure if he knew I was in this room. And then we went on this glorious helicopter ride.


For me it was very romantic, Chatting the Whole way. And were you like giving a tour Just slowly? Yeah. Slowly get that hand around three Hour drive up there. Something like that isn't two and a two, it's beat down. Yeah. Yeah. So to get up early and more time on the track, it was just one of those rock and roll things you get to do every now and then. Yeah. That's so good. You said you wanna to go and I was like, yeah, I'm not sure how I gonna get my bike there, but I'm saying yes, Whether I a bike or not, I'll Ride someone else's. Yeah. Let it be known. Dax is rapid. He's fast. You brought Him here to give you so many compliments with The record also, Brad's very Nice. Brad's very fast too. Okay. No, not that much. On two wheels. I wasn't as quick as these guys are. Channing. Well He's been doing it long Time. Channy was annoyingly good.


Really quick. Really good. And I'm like, yeah, he's one of these athletes that can kind of do every single, like Louis, we had Toto on and Toto was like, you know Louis is one of these guys who drives you crazy. He can do everything. Just he tries it and he's immediately fast. You just kinda gotta do like a subdued schwartzenegger. It is. It's almost the same. And it's bang on. If Schwarzenegger went to a four year college, you know I have a quick question about the meeting before we leave the meeting. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Go. When you first get there, when it's going around, are you thinking, are people gonna talk about me specifically? Is there any nerves going into a meeting when you do have to be very vulnerable and you know people there might have an extra interest in my story. So I've heard of stories where like Philip Seymour Hoffman went to one and someone videoed it, put it out.


Yeah. See that's scary. But I've been assured by another friend. This was a safe place. Two, I am a stubborn fuck. But also when I've stepped in shit, I'm pretty good at taking responsibility for it and owning up to it. And now it's a quest to, you know, what do I do with this? How can I write this and make sure it doesn't happen again. Or just Be better. Yeah, be better. Step up. So I was really open to that and I was really open to see what these guys were doing who had their thing and been there for a while. Sure. I was a bit shy. I can generally be a bit shy in any kind of situation first, but I just remember getting my arms around it pretty quickly and it became a thing for me. It was really something I'd look forward to Me too. That was very kind of special. Yeah. But it's hard, even me in therapy who no one cares, but I'm like, should I particularly Therapist Who care less, but I'm like, should I tell her everything?


What if she tells somebody something? No, when I jumped into therapy, then I was just blah blah blah and I did this and I did that and da da dah and I did that. Good For you. That's trusting Or Stupid. Desperate. Well, desperate's a good reason. Yeah. Yeah. You don't come in day because everything's working out fantastic. No, That's usually not the Entry point is it? It's not the winner's club. Your hair's gotta be on fire before you go like, yeah, I'll go hang with a bunch of dudes and talk about emotions. My Feelings. My feelings. It's not the most appealing offering I want to know about Missouri. Yeah. Because I think we've bonded over this before. And you saying I want more green in my life is something that I constantly think of as like lakes is in my DNA.


Yeah. You and me both. Shockingly, I hadn't read Huckleberry Finn or Tom Sawyer, any of that until maybe two months ago. I read both. Amazing. And now I'm reading the Chernow biography on Mark. I Just got it. Good. Is it great? It's awesome. How close were you to where he grew up? It would've been the same. It's the Ozarks. I mean it's a beautiful country, but it's also the Mason Dixon line. North and south fought there. It's birthplace of Televangelism. Oh wow. But a lot of meth labs. There's this dichotomy that's always at play. And because it's this confluence of Midwestern and Southern, it all kind of flattens out there in a way. You know, our accents are kind of more like this. We just kind of like talk like this and we just keep on going.


Yeah. Yeah. And your dad owned a trucking company At the tail end? He did. He ran a trucking company. Was he himself a truck driver? No, I worked there on the docks Loading. No, they didn't let me Load. They didn't let me. They near the forklift. Yeah. And mom was a counselor. He Was a teacher and then raised us and then got more into counseling after we left. So you have a very confusing, when I go through my stereotypes of where I grew up in Michigan, people didn't play tennis. They weren't swimmers. Like your sports. I can't really put you in a box. You were an athlete but you were golfing and swimming. No, I rebelled against golfing 'cause everyone was golfing. Oh, okay. Okay. Well it was rebelling against, it felt like the sport of the religious right.


Oh, a little bit to me. Interesting. My dad, he did all right. We were middle class. He gave us certainly much better than what he had. He was outhouse poor Oklahoma and gave us much better opportunities. But I don't know how to bug up my ass about that one. And yet I watched all the masters. I love 'em. I find 'em so relaxing. They're Great to take a nap too, right? They're good to doze and come back in. Yeah. Not much has Happen to see hole 16, 17, 18. Yeah. That's Not really a good selling point. Like it's good to nap too. Yeah. If you like nap. But that is incredible what these guys do. It's amazing. I had no interest in it. And then I got sucked into full swing, which is the same fucking company that they've drive to survive. Yeah, me too. Love That one. Everything they make, I watch. Do you watch the Jockey one?


No I didn't. To race for the Triple Crown? No, but we just did one with them. Isle Man tt. Oh my God. Wait, what? Four Episodes with Channing's Company? No. And then Channing's gonna do a film. Oh Baby, you've been then. I've Never been. Okay. That's what we'll do together. Have you been? No. This is the most insane race. And you want a race in it? No. No. Oh my god. These guys are another breed. Okay. I've told you about this race. A couple people die every single race. Yeah. That sounds Horrible. Not last year. Last year they got through. Where is that the one you were filming at? 'cause that would be good. Yeah. Yeah. You got lucky. But like even the Moto GP guys go Uhuh, those guys are fucking nuts. Wow. Okay, great. We're right here. What it enrages in me is you're a coward.


I'm so afraid to do that. And now weirdly, I have got to do that 'cause I'm a coward if I don't do this. That's what drove me to it. He has So much shame. What, what drove you to it? There is that white trash side of the Ozarks growing up, getting on a mini bike and being at the lake and in bass boats. And my dad would give it to us at 12 and we'd take the boat out ourselves. And then driving too early and driving on dirt roads, driving in the rain, driving in the ice. Did it Snow there? Oh Yeah. Driving in the snow is the funnest thing a young man can do. Except You hit the black ice and Yeah, it'll surprise you. Yeah. The motorcycle thing just, you started watching it? No, I had one when I was a kid and then kind of lost it in the nineties and then got back on it.


I'd kind of watched a little bit in the McDo period when he was winning motor gp. That's a crazy story because he had a horrible accident in the early nineties. They were gonna take his leg. He said don't, please don't. Don't. But You may not. They revolutionized this thing. That's now it's common practice where they fused his two legs together to get blood supply. Whoa. And worked, got up, won five championships. What? Yeah. And now his son is Jack Deen who was driving for Alpine. Oh my. That's his son? Yeah. He's a rookie this year. Yeah. Oh wow. I had no idea. I Just had a flashback. Did you ever go to demolition Derby? Oh God, yeah. Okay. So demolition Derby is a bunch of guys get in a car, any kind of car. Usually Station wagons one.


'cause they would go in reverse and they just bang the shit out of each other. And the last man standing wins sometimes there's a figure eight. But I went to those a lot. And then I had an crazy uncle who was a preacher, had this kind of Elvis hairdo and he raced stock cars. You just grew up around it? Yeah. How much were you in search of masculinity? I was deeply, my story is my dad wasn't around, so I was like, whatever the dude said to do, ride a wheelie, jump your bike, whatever the thing was fight. I was racing towards it. I had to get some kind of masculine validation. Were you in search of that? I never put that much thought into it. My dad was a pretty cool customer and I think I absorbed, you know, I see it in my roles. I'm either doing him or I'm rebelling against him in some way. Oh, Fun.


Yeah. Is he with us still? Yes, He's 83. Gonna see him next week. Oh, he's pretty cool. But you know, going to the drive-in theaters, they didn't have a lot of money so we would pop popcorn by the time we got there, it was wet. They'd make Kool-Aid and we'd go sit on the front of the big Buick and watch movies in our neighborhood. We had a drive-in Theater. So American. Yeah. But also these ideas of masculinity because we've seen a lot of Clint Eastwood. We would see Butch and Sundance. Yeah. Do your brothers and sisters? I got a younger brother, younger sister. Okay. So you're first born. Yeah. That wouldn't have been my guess. Yeah. You don't read as first born. Why? You're kind of too nice. Hey, what was your thing? Because I'm first born, we are bossy.


I suppose I associate that type of adventure with a middle or youngest. Ah, okay. That's The other thing. I had an older brother, five years older than me. So whatever he was doing, I was trying to do. So he was in BMX and then I was in A BMX and he was in Skateboarding. You're always trying to raise the stakes when you're a younger sibling And prove you. That'd be my brother. Certainly. Really always getting in trouble. Yeah, Because he Wild. He was wild then. Now he's uber successful and whatever he takes on, he masters it. But that was the thing, I think when you talk about masculinity, maybe I put in terms of capability. 'cause that was a big thing with my dad. You get up and you do it. And he had us mowing the lawn at eight. You know, like he shouldn't be around these blades and things, Dumping the, But all my life I had a job.


Okay. So maybe that's another thing I chase and maybe do is competence. Competence is so hot. I'm gonna agree with you. You've talked about all those sports. I was okay at all of them. Didn't stick with any of 'em long enough to be great at 'em. Not that I even could. Yeah. But to be competent in all of them. Yeah. Did you ever have to beat anyone up to save your brother? No. In fact, I remember he got in fights before I did. Oh, okay. Yeah. I remember getting in a fight and I grabbed a guy in the balls like, oh wow, it worked. Yeah. Desperation, I tell you. Yeah. Desperation again. It Worked. I wonder why it worked though. Was it because it hurt so bad or? 'cause everyone's such a homophobic back fuck, He's gonna away runaway.


Was that happening then? Was there like a lot of calling a woo, Don't cry, don't be gay, gay, gay. Don't be gay. Fag. That kind stuff. A lot of that. That was that. Error. Error. That era. But error. Yeah. It's still happening though. We thought it was gone. And then we were talking to DAXs kid the other day. She was like, this kid in my class is racist. And she was like telling, I'm like, he is racist. Oh Yeah. Like crazy racist. And Alley School was like, oh, and They're 10. Yeah. And I thought it was done. And maybe it's just human nature to be cruel. It is. I Think. Yeah. At that Age and Nice. Yeah. Yeah. No, benevolent is the word I was looking for to, yeah. Okay. So you go to University of Missouri. Yeah. You must had pretty good grades. That was all Right. Yeah.


Just All right. Good enough. Yeah. Good. Capable. And you wanted to do journalism? I wanted to do architecture, but there wasn't an architectural path at Mizzou, but they had the best journalism school. And then I thought, I don't really want to interview people, but I'll design magazines or movie posters. It was going kind of the design angle. Had you read Fountainhead already? I had not read Fountainhead. Okay. Let's talk about Fountainhead for one second. Okay. I'm not a big fan by the way. I, 20 years ago, read some interview with you. I swore it said you like Fountainhead. I think I did Then. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. This is what I wanna talk about. Because I was like, Hmm, I'm gonna check that book out. This is his favorite book.


I read it and I was like, oh yeah, Howard Rourke, I want to be Howard. No matter what happens, it's just proven I'm right. Yeah. That's a very appealing Arkansas, when You're young people who read it, what is he like? Howard Rourke is basically Frank Lloyd Wright. Right? That's the kind of model. What's The idea is model on. Yeah. Ein Rand modeled it off. Frank Lloyd Wright. Yeah. So he would design things for people, but he wasn't really interested in what they wanted. He was a genius. And he would come in and he would build something for you. Let Me show you what you want. Got it. Yes. Yeah. It's his vision. Certainly people would be against it, but when it was all over, he would be right. And I think when you're 20 you're like, yeah, man, Validation. I was right. Yeah. That's all you want. I'm a genius. And there was also this idealism of, she came from socialism and this idea of an individual voice and supporting the individual voice, I think meant a lot to her.


And I think as the basis behind this. And so as a young person, you read the idealism because spoiler alert, he'll burn it all down if you take his thing and corrupt it. There was no group sport in it. So in this day and age, blowing up buildings, not really. It's not cool. Yeah. Not the cool, it's not the course you want to take. There's Other ways to handle it. Probably. Yeah. Okay. So you already had loved architecture, so yeah. If you already loved architecture and you're in your twenties and you read that book, it's like this thing was written for me. Yeah. Then did you read Atlas Shrug? Yes. James Gal. What is it? Cult Galt? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I read it and then I went, Yeah. It fell apart for me. We're eating that. I know so many people love this book, but for me it was like, we're special and we're gonna keep our specialist to us.


Similar Theme. It was all about individualism. Yeah. But it was also this. This entitlement to our opinion is right and we're best and we're gonna keep it to ourselves because you don't deserve us. Compromise would be a very ugly word for Yes. Her or any of those books right Now, is this true that you left college a week before graduation? No. I actually went through graduation. I just didn't finish my last week of classes and actually graduate. But my parents were already coming. Oh, you Went to the ceremony, but you didn't graduate. Fucking walked the line hat and all cap. You wanted to be able to throw your hat. Well, sure. It's very nuts anonymous That that's a crazy fucking Decision. No, because I decided come to la. But you Only have one week left.


I had one week left. But what's the Spike Jones movie adaptation? Remember when Chris Cooper talks about he's in two orchids? Yeah. Yeah. He talked about his former Jones was about some kind of fish breeding. I think it was Merrill asked him what happens and he says, done with fish. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It Felt like that for me. Just done. I was kind of lamented that movies weren't an option. I'd always loved movies. I met this friend whose dad had a condo in Burbank and said, I could stay there for one month. Ugh. And I went, Green light, I'm going to it. And he moved to Beverly. Wow. What car did you drive out for that? Dotson 206. Oh wow. With the bumper hanging off. Okay. I wasn't in great shape.


You still Have it? No. Oh. Sometimes it's fun to have those old original. Do you fantasize about getting any of the stupid cars you have? 'cause I had a 91 Honda Civic DX for a decade here. That's funny. And I want to get one and make it fucking fast. I was just looking. My dad had a 74 Monte Carlo. You Gotta get it. Just looking It up. You gotta get it just for fun. Just A little tribute. How often are you scrolling those cars? Be honest. Almost as often as I'm scrolling Zillow. Yeah, I know Zillow will really? I love House porn. House porn, car porn. I know bike porn. Well, you've been in this situation for a long time, but for so long it was just, I dreamt about it and then I could do it. And then I did it. I bought too much stuff.


I saw the toys out there. It looks fun. This is me now constrained. So I have these rules I have to have in place. Like I have to look at the car like 10 times. So you make sure that you put the time in to make it worth Its while. That's right. 'cause I'm dangerous. I get on bring a trailer and I'm like, oh my fucking God. I need that thing so bad. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform designed to help you stand out and succeed online. Whether you're just starting out or scaling your business, Squarespace gives you everything you need to claim your domain, showcase your offerings with a professional website, grow your brand, and get paid all in one place. Squarespace has been along for the ride with us, as we've you know, first just had a website, then started selling merch and it's grown with us and has helped us scale. If you're a fellow creator, Squarespace makes it easy to monetize your content easily sell access to online courses, blogs, videos and memberships. Start with a fully customizable website and earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. Simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. This is why we love Squarespace. Setting up that kind of tech sounds hard, but they take all the guesswork out of it. You can get your site up and running quicker than you would've thought possible. Head to squarespace.com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, use offer code Dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's squarespace.com and promo code Dax to get started today.


We are supported by Quince. You know when you look back at photos of yourself in your all black punk stage in high school or wearing head to toe nineties neon and you wonder, what was I thinking? Sometimes trends just don't stay on the test of time. If you want an outfit that you're gonna feel great about both now and later, check out the wardrobe staples from Quince. They're classic and elevated, so you're gonna love the way you look now and years from now. And they're made with high quality materials. So they'll hold up for years to come to. I love Quince. I love their cashmere so much. Yeah. If you wanna revamp your wardrobe, which I suggest per season, yeah. Add some pieces in that are fun kind of just for the season. There's some really good summer pieces, some great button downs that you can also wear by the pool. They have European linen bee shorts now. Organic silk polos. Stick to staples that last with elevated essentials from quince. Go to quince.com/stacks for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/dax.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Each Apple product like the iPhone 16, is thoughtfully designed by skilled designers. The titanium apple card is no different. It's laser etched, has no numbers and earns you daily cash on everything you buy, including 3% back on everything at Apple. Apply for Apple card on your iPhone in minutes subject to credit approval. Apple Card is issued by Goldman Sachs, bank usa, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


The CareCredit credit card lets me pay over time for just about anything my dog needs from food to vet care. But But what if, hypothetically speaking, I got a bird. No a horse. Well I've got good news for my hypothetical self. CareCredit is accepted at more than 270,000 locations and works for wait for it all animals. And the even better part is it also works for me. I can use it for spa trips, dental treatments and more. CareCredit offers flexible financing for all my hypothetical animals and hypothetical me. Visit Carecredit.com to Apply and and find a location near you subject to credit approval.


Okay, so you drove out into Dotson. I did hear a funny story about you wanting to get your SAG card and interjecting Shut down so hard. I was doing extra work for about a year and a half before I got to do something real and I was thrilled. I loved it. I couldn't believe I you'd be on set. When I landed in Burbank, I got the paper. I went to McDonald's. I had $275 left in my name. There were three extra agencies you could pay 'em 25 bucks and you were in. I found it in the paper and I got in. I'm doing an industrial video by the end of the week. And I get this, I get this gig. I'm about I You're already inflating what happened. I'm an extra in this movie. I land this role, I land. This Job is extra.


It's a waiter. When I started, I put 'em on resume like they were real and it still haunts me. That's great. It's a restaurant scene. The main characters, Charlie Sheen and DB Sweeney and a bunch of other actors that I wasn't necessarily aware of. And I am the waiter. I'm supposed to bring up champagne and pour champagne and they show me how to do it. You gotta pour, you spin, you wipe the thing. I said great. That's more Than an extra. Well it was a chosen extra. Oh Wow. I gotta put Forward. Oh my God. And the whole game was how do you get your SAG card because you can't get a job. You don't have your SAG card, but you can't get your SAG card unless you've had a job. I know. So it was this catch 22 and Specifically you need to speak. Yeah, that was the The finish line. Bigger entry. Yes. And like a jackass, her doing the scene.


I get to the last actor and she seemed lower on the totem pole Like I thought maybe. And literally the scene is going on. I pour her champagne and I go, would you like anything else? Hey, what the dailies from? Now listen first A D runs over you do that again. You're outta here. Oh my God. He was just shame for the rest of the night. Took a shot. Look, it Was there. These are the best stories. Favre has one took a shot. Favre is an extra, I think it's a Hoffman Hoffer or something. Something's shooting in Chicago when he lives there. He's an extra and he's in a van and he is driving through the background of a scene.


It occurs to him, they're not gonna be able to see me. There's not enough light in here. No. So he decides, no, I'm gonna turn on the interior lights and I'm gonna drop the visor and turn that light on. Take three. Someone finally noticed like what's going on with the fucking extra, why is the extra lit in the kaka? What? You can't light yourself. Oh my God. Industrious though. Oh my God. Yeah. We're desperate at that time. Yeah. Yes. It's so endearing. It's so hard. It's sweet. How long before you were, I guess when Selma and Louise, how long before we get back? They always say what, five years? If you're not working in five years, go home.


I got that at year four. We just need to honorably mention Monica. And I shared favorite movie is seven. Yeah. It's actually hard for me to with you sitting there connect, think it's you connect. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's that Thing. It's that thing. You've watched it so many times. It holds up. It does hold. Oh, It's bulletproof. That's David Fincher. That's Andy, Kevin Walker. But The two of you also. Yeah. What about working with Morgan? I interviewed Morgan this year. Yeah. With The gun down David. Yeah. Oh my God. No, he's the voice of God. I had hit a point 94. Such a bugged out year. That's Cobain, that's oj. Oh, the whole summer I had had not such great experiences coming off a couple of jobs and I just wasn't sure what I was doing.


I had the weirdest summer. I had this girlfriend who was into reptiles. We bought 40 chameleons. I was living in Errol Flynn's, old bachelor pad glass windows. And they were filled. Our house was like a terrarium girlfriend Who was into reptiles and 40 specific, Not Five or 10. I know. I know. I Know. Were you showing off? Like we'll take 'em all. It was the most unhealthy time. I just need to check out. I would wake up, I would get a bong load. I would have four Coca-Colas on ice. Yeah. No food. This Particular summer. And I've watched the OJ trial and trying to figure out what do I do next? What do I do next? And then I read this script, my dear friend and manager and basically my sister now Cynthia sends this over.


She says, you gotta read this. I read the first seven pages. I call her up, I go, are you kidding me? The cliche, the old cop wants out, the young cop comes in, he's looking at his trophies, his high school football trophies. He goes, just finish it. Yep. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And then I go meet Finch and he was just talking about films like I'd never heard anyone speak about film. Yeah. What had he made already? Just alien three. And he had had a crap experience on that got fired off at three to times. Oh wow. Yeah. Wow. And I just got the Jones back and finding that it just reinvigorated what I wanted out of this thing. What's possible? Can I argue there's a humility to that performance that I'm wondering was that new? Because you're coming off of California, like I watched California and that's kind of the dream role I would wanna play growing up.


Hey Dale, put your titty back in your shirt. Hey Dale. Put your titty back up. Back up. Yeah. That's who I want to be. I want to drink the fucking beer and be a badass and all that stuff. And so to go play, you're kind of a Putin seven. Yeah. It's the naivete or even the hubris that you think you know the world. And that's what I liked about the Mills character. You grow up in this vacuum, you see the world as your own backyard. And you do not appreciate that there are people who think differently than you have. Ulterior motives, other beauties, different beliefs. And that was always kind of a theme for me. This idea of your own hubris. Anytime I've ever gotten knocked down it's been because of hubris.


Yeah. It's been because I think I know what's going on. Yeah. Yeah. I think I know the score. But you gotta go in there and say lines like, no, he's fucking dancing around his grandma's underpants or whatever the hell That wine is. Like there's no vanity in that. Yeah, Yeah. No, he thinks he understands there's good and there's bad. Yeah. Yes. There's black and there's white and that's the world. Bad guys gotta go. It's that kind of stupidity. Was it already the situation where it's like a bazillion takes, I entered this with a lot of insecurity, like I'm not sure I belong here. That would've triggered for me like I suck. I don't think it's completely fair for my friend David Fincher. 'cause I think he's brilliant and he knows what he wants. The only time I ever did that was on Fight Club and it was a big steady camp shot outside in the parking lot, coming into the bar, going down, starting the Fight Club.


Yeah. That was like 40 takes. But there's so technical. Yeah. And so usually there's a technical aspect of it. Or if he needs to beat the acting out of the actor, which is the Kubrick way. And that's the only time I've ever seen it flare up in that way. It never triggered your insecurities. He is not shy to do it. No. In fact, I was more insecure. The first three takes, four takes. I'm trying to find my way at that time. I'd feel safer now. Like two takes. Please. Yeah. I gotta get Home. Take and a half stitch together. Yeah. Take and doing that. And you Can edit. I guess it's true. If you're doing that many, you feel safe. That one has worked. I did, but it was so important to me. How Much insecurity were you working with at that period? First Half of the career was a lot of insecurities and always doubting.


You know you get in there and you get in the ring and you have this amount of time and that's concretized that goes into cement. And that's it Also, it's not like you necessarily had some long period where you're working with Okay. Actors. You're pretty immediately working with, I dunno, legends of the Fault. You're with Anthony Hawkins, right Outta the Gate. Yeah. Yeah. It was cool. I feel like my learning has really been on film also. It came from just a love of movies and a love of performance and wanting to make sure I got it right. Like there's this idea, right. And what you learn to understand is it's just being truthful and if it's truthful it's gonna play. What's The first time you felt that? Oh, that's a good question. Monnie. It is A good question. Oh man. I just know the best moments I started figuring out in the nineties were things I hadn't planned for.


They were being in the moment and then it flows. I'm not sure when I'm good and not. There's times I thought I was great and I'm just okay. And there's times I think I suck and I'm kind of good. That's The early stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Fucking rock that one. And you look at it and you go, I'm finding people. Oh my God, I do have some moments. One of the first one was in this teen horror film, one of my very first jobs. For some reason I was thinking I was Sean Penn. I run into high school, I see a dead teacher and I go, no, No, I don't even know this guy. You wish you had a wall On against and slide Down. Is it your street car moment? Exactly. I'm afraid to ask you this one, but here we go.


Have you ever heard this Carrie Grant quote, everyone wants to be Carrie Grant, even I want to be Carrie Grant. Yeah. You relate to that at all. Maybe The earlier years. I don't know. I don't even think much about perception anymore, but yeah, certainly people look at you this way and I don't feel that good. Other people look at me like I'm an asshole and I go, I feel a little better than that though. Yeah, right, right. You run into that. But I don't think about perception much anymore. I believe in what I'm doing. I understand my craft. I feel like I elevate the jobs I'm in and I make sure I do. And I put the work in. I work hard. When were you able to drop that? I made a big switch. I remember going in the nineties going, you could plug any one of us into this role, this kind of movie, this leading man kind of thing.


It's all gonna be the same. So that's boring. And it's really about chasing an image. And then I made a switch in the early aughts where I said, I know the movies I've enjoyed this far and why I'm not taking anything because someone tells me it should or it's good or someone else is gonna get if I don't. I did a couple of those and always didn't work and I just made the switch. And really I enjoy what I do Now and I'm gonna admit that this is really Malcolm Gladwell's question 'cause I admire him so much and we're pals and I called him, I was like, I'm interviewing Pitt and I'm nervous and I want it to be great. And I'm wondering if we have the same curiosity. What is your great curiosity about him? And he said, I guess I'm most curious the gap between the public Brad Pitt and the real Brad Pitt if that gap has shrank or gotten broader.


Wow. And I thought that's a cool question. And I guess I'm curious. I don't break a lot of this down. That's a hard, I dunno if I'd put it in either way. Because I go in and I go in hard, I work hard and then I always need to disappear and step out. I just need to refill. I'm not that guy that's really can be out and about and the public and people. And I've always enjoyed my solitude. Not my loneliness, not those periods, but the solitude that can even be with loved ones and friends or family. And I really need it. I'm getting ready to start now. This big press gauntlet juggernaut for this film that deserves to go worldwide. And I gotta go do that. I'll get up for it as I need to do. I don't feel like I'm very good at it. I've always been a little embarrassed this side of it.


Yeah. And and I still have that feeling each time I gotta get myself up for it and it takes a lot outta me. So then I need to step back and really disappear. And that's worked well for me. So has it gotten bigger or smaller? I think it's gotten smaller. My relationship with it, the gap's gotten smaller Is the embarrassment because it feels like there's some kind of lack of humility in that part of the job. Yeah. You know where we grew up, and especially that era, you are braggart. If you talk about yourself, you're conceited. And I got accused of that a lot as a kid. Even just being quiet would get accused of being conceited or something. And I didn't understand that. And then there's just the fear. I'll always have of just putting my foot in my mouth or stepping in a pile of shit.


Yeah, Having to Live with it. I've never considered this my specialty. I'd rather make things, whether that's a chair or a shirt or a movie, and let it speak for itself and move on and get to the next, but this is a group sport and we gotta support it. My arc, I'm embarrassed to even try to compare it to yours, but my arc was, I wanted it so bad it happened. It was so fun for a minute. Then I was down in Austin, I was making iy and I was in fud, Rutgers. And I was like, oh, that table of people staring at me. Oh, that table's also staring at me. And I remember leaving the restaurant, calling my girlfriend almost in tears, going like, I have no control over my environment anymore. And it felt very claustrophobic.


Then I hated it. And then I came to accept it. And then even more profound in therapy a few years back, the dude really figured out or helped me figure it out. I feel very fraudulent receiving that attention. I don't feel worthy of that. Yeah, That's fair enough. But when you say worthy, because the importance isn't there, it's looked at from afar like it's important in some way. And I have a similar version of that. I mean, the way I was able to get my arms around it was I just remembered when I saw my first celebrity. I've moved here in a week. I saw John Ack at a fishbone concert. I embarrassed the person with me. 'cause I was like that thought about. They'd be like, shut, You're in la You 30 literal. She turned her back on me. That's not Cool here.


Yeah, that's not cool. But I just remember what it meant to me. I met the Harlem Globetrotters when I was a kid. I got pulled out on the court. No. Oh, They first taste Metal ark and all of that, remember? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Deep de Curly and the Og, the original squad And what it meant to me. And so when you look at it that way that you can brighten someone's day, that could be like a highlight in some way. Like those days were, for me, that's how I found my way around it at least. Yeah. I was reading an interview with Owen Wilson years ago and I thought he summed it up the best. He goes, you know what's kind of cool if you think about the fact that you can just make someone's day? And I was like, well that is a cool power. Yeah. It's A lovely thing.


You need to like accept it. It's easy to get caught in fighting it. Yeah. And you can ruin your life I think. Because You know, guidebook tells you that part of it. I just love movies. I didn't really understand fame. Yeah. That part of it. What you lose what the trade off is, but we gotta talk about punk. 'cause punk was pretty revolutionary. Jackass and then into punk. We're coming off this time where we gotta be tough guys. We don't show weakness to this punk rock kind of approach. Like no, no, no. Not only that, we're gonna embarrass ourselves the most we can. And there was a real freedom in that switch that happened. I don't think I can appreciate that. I Ranked punked up there as something kind of revolutionary. Oh really? No, I mean this. I mean this. Thank you. Yeah.


Jackass as well. Okay, Great. So that's one of my questions. Okay, great. Great. Thank you for the compli. I want nothing but approval and then when I get it, I'm like, I don't, I know it. I All I want is approval and yet I can't stand it when I can. You Don't think of someone who needs approval at All, do you? I think you do. I wouldn't put it that way either. I know if I like the work I'm putting out there, if I like the stories, it's not gonna speak to everyone. But I know it's gonna speak to someone else too. And I have a comfort in that. So it's different than approval. When I think of what movies meant to me as a kid, living in a Christian vacuum, you saw different ways to handle things and you saw different cultures and things around the world. You saw John Travolta swearing as dad for messing up his hair.


You know, I caught on my hair that kind of shit and I was just enraptured with it. And movies for me. Was that kind of other teaching You as Brad, do you need it like Dax and I need Or bottomless Pits approval From, let's be really honest, people who we think are high status, high status. It's the gross way of saying It. It's my grossest quality. Oh it Gross people I admire. Gross. Yeah, exactly. He still Had that. Yeah, that's fair. Yes. And by the way, I still feel like that kid in Oklahoma, Missouri Ozarks, who's still like groping his way through this whole thing, Still kind of can't believe you're here. No, I take total responsibility for being here. But to me it's just another craft. Like anyone who works hard at what they do and has confidence in what they do.


Now, jackass, the person I admire the most is Will Ferrell. I will not miss a Will Ferrell movie More. What I love is his art installations as a human. So I'm at a Lakers game one time. I'm with Kristen and I go the security guard looks like Will Ferrell. You know what the Lakers, the guys with the red jackets? Yeah. Yeah. My God really Looks like Will Ferrell. And I'm like, that's Will Ferrell. Will Ferrell's sitting there as a security guard next to the other security guard. Oh my God. I interviewed him. I'm like, what was, I saw you at the late. And he goes, oh, I have this bit with Adam, where on our birthdays we give each other outfits and then you have to go use the outfit wherever. And so Adam gave him the full, that's great. And he smuggled it into the Staples Center and he went into the bathroom and put the outfit on.


He came and I'm like, I just admire it so much. I'm almost mad at myself. I haven't thought of that. But I love the sabotage, the underground fun you gotta have with this thing. We'll do that with interviews going down press lines on oceans like Matt, you have to use God willing in every single interview. Right. Or give some word or something. Yeah. But what I really liked about you is I'm watching Jackass one time, which I loved. And all of a sudden you're on the show and they kidnap you. Celebrity kidnapping. Yes. It was Great. What? And I'm like, he likes Jackass. Did you reach out to them? I'm not sure how it happened. I knew Spike through Fincher. Oh. They were shooting being John Malkovich right next to us while we were shooting.


We'd visit the 17th and a half floor, whatever it was. Duck like this. I love Jackass. I loved what they were doing. Again, I thought it was revolutionary. Maybe with Spike I said, you ever need I'm in. And then Knoxville called up. How'd you end up on Dave? There's another thing I'm watching, Dave, you're on. And I go, oh my God. And then I reverse engineer. I go like, Brad loves Dave. How rad. I love Dave. My favorite humor is the most irreverent humor. Maybe because I'm so worried Stepping shit. People who say the wrong thing. I will at times say things that are so wrong and it just makes me laugh. And so maybe he got word that I really like to show and he wrote me, said, Hey, you want to do something? And I just said, I'm trying, but I can't find a reason not to.


So I guess I have to. Oh, that's a Great answer. Yeah. It's good karma to go participate in the things you love In my genius show. Yeah. He's incredible. And I so admire that wit, 'cause I don't feel like I necessarily have that really quick wit. Isn't it funny who people like admire? Like I was watching the You and and Adam Sandler, he did the Actor on actor thing. Oh right. And I was like, drama dudes love comedians. Comedians love drama dudes. I love Comedians. I love Stand. I always up musicians, Love comedians, love musicians. God, we all just wanna be the thing. We're Not. Yeah. It's Wild. How could you not? Okay. So I saw Once Upon A Time when it came out, I liked it a lot. Then five years went by and I'm on a plane a year and a half ago and it's there.


So I start watching it and then I'm like, I guess movies way better than I remember. And then we get off the plane and now I gotta finish it. So now I'm in a hotel room watching it on my iPad. And then I'm like, I gotta watch it in my theater. I come home, I watch it in the theater. Then I'm like, I gotta watch it with my friend Nate in the theater. He's gotta rewatch it again. And I've watched it now sincerely, probably eight times in the last 18 months. I'm so obsessed with that movie. I think it's second Best to Only Pulp Fiction. It's so good. And then I was started thinking, the one bummer about being in a Tarantino movie is, do you rob yourself of the experience of getting to watch the Tarantino movie? There's no bummer about being in a Tarantino movie. Okay.


That dialogue come On. I encourage you to watch it eight times in the next 18 months. That will never happen. If You need to watch it with me in My theater. Watching your own shit. Yeah, exactly. That's what I'm saying. That could rob you of the experience. Can we talk about Leonardo in it for one second? Yeah. Come on. He's great. In My obsession with this movie, and the more and more I watch it, the more and more I'm blown away with his performance. Me too. I've been watched it eight times, but He's playing like six layers. He's an actor. He's not as good as Leonardo DiCaprio as an actor, but he's gotta have the scene of his life. But it can't be as good as a Leonardo DiCaprio scene. Yeah. I don't think people understand the math of what he's doing. That's The thing that's least understood is the degree of difficulty.


And even we'll get credit for a great director or great writing. Perfect Song choice. Yes, absolutely. Great editing. We need all these ments to help us out. But nah, he was doing multiple layers in there. And that star tan from cracks me up buddy. I'm a has been. That's an old buddy. I'm a has been. He's crying as he leaves the place. I'm not gonna ask you to rank your costars, but just where does he fall in that? Do you love acting with him? Yeah. He works hard too. I watch someone like him or Margot works so hard. I can go through phases where I'm, I'm approaching it a little easy. I'm wondering if maybe I don't have the fire anymore, maybe not offering, then I find something else.


Or I see performances like that and then I go, Ooh, gotta up my game. Yeah, I wanna Be like that. Yeah. Look at all the cast in that. And these were all up and comers new kids. You got Austin Butler, Margaret Qualy, Sidney Sweeney, Mikey Matson, Ethan Hawke's daughter. Pretty incredible. Now they're all doing their own things. That was part of my joy of going back and watching it over and over again. I was like, oh, I know all these people now. Yeah. That's really fun to see. Yeah, That's part of his genius is being able to scout talent and then help them blow up. I guess. So your resume's annoying because we're not gonna get to talk about Amy. We Gotta go ask is one of my favorites of all time. I came into this show, talked about Moneyball for like three months straight. We Just had Michael Lewis on.


Oh really? What a fucking dude. What a brain. Huh? Oh my God. He's so charismatic and charming And eloquent. Genius. But chill. Yeah. I would want him to like me. Yeah. Yeah. You me too. Approval. I wanted him desperately. Okay. The only thing I want to ask about once upon a time, and then we'll move on, is I was getting Duffy vibes. Is he at all in the mix? We owe Duffy an explanation of who He is. Ah, that's funny. I thought I was watching Duffy. I see my dad, but I understand Duffy's got some of my dad in him. That's not a bad call. Our mutual friend Duffy was a Navy Seal. He's the toughest human being on planet Earth. Yep. Rock Solid. He's gorgeous. Okay. If you can't see that, you need fucking glass. Okay.


He's the only 60-year-old man. I see. Like 30 year olds fucking buying him drinks And shit. There's one scene I always love to point out. GI Jane. He's a trainer. Thank you. He's a trainer. How Long has he been intraining? I met on Troy. Okay. So I trained him on Troy in a few of em, probably the next decade in GI Jane. They needed real Navy Seals in The Movie. And he's in The Movie. Is that right? Watch it. Okay. Because there's one moment where they need someone to do the ultimate Navy Seal thing, which is they're in a zodiac boat and they're flying. Someone's gotta hang out of the side of the zodiac with a fucking inner tube and the guy in the water grabs it and then Duffy rips the human being out of the water. The lats are like that wide. Yeah. Yeah. That's him. And you're Like, how'd that dude just rip a guy outta the water on a zodiac going 25 miles an hour.


Those guys, Navy Seals, Rangers, Delta Fort, I mean their baseline is discomfort where we would tap out. That's where they begin. So if that Character's your dad, you said they're either your dad or you're rebelling against your dad. Yeah. What are the characters that you are actively rebelling against? Really my upbringing. When I say my dad, probably my upbringing. Like Fight Club and things that are more irreverent. Maybe even being flashy in oceans. Was That flashy? Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. You're embracing the flash in That. The char. I feel like we lost our way after the first one. Or at least my guy, because he was kind of the Deval consigliere guy to George's Danny. I'd like that much more. And then, you know when you watch CSI or something and they're trying to give a speech, but they gotta give each actor one line.


Yeah. They just pick up in each line and just equal distribution. Everyone needs a moment. Yes. And kind of went that way. One last question then. F1. You've worked in four different decades now. Nineties. Two thousands. Two thousands, tens. We're now in your fourth decade. Do you have a favorite of those decades of working? No. Then I don't have a follow-up question. Oh, okay. Is there a sweet spot you get nostalgic about? It's More like periods. So certainly seven. And then losing my way a bit with choices and then landing back with Fight Club and Snatch, snatch. This area felt good. How did you learn that accent? Get a Cade. Can you still talk like him? She's, I dunno.


She's terribly partial to the Parity. Winkle Blue Boy Bice, Something like that. Parity. Winkle Blue Bice. Oh my God. I dunno. She's terribly partial. Something. I dunno. Take a bit. I would be So scared to take that role. I was too. I'm sure. Scary. Yeah. Okay, so Motorsport, we talked about why you're into Motorsports. Oh wait, before we started I brought you a gift. Oh You did? I brought you a Apex GP souvenir. I cannot wait. I didn't bring you one. That's Okay. You're gonna understand why. I Don't even know what that is. Could you give her like a hundred bucks or something? Oh my gosh. This is exciting. And unboxing. I wasn't anticipating It. Yeah, it looks VA and all. Oh, I'm on this. Okay. He, okay, look at the front. Oh, First of all, you don't know this about me.


Black and Gold's, my scheme. Maybe I did know. This is day one. This is the pit crew shirts. And we have Real crew, proper Car guys and design. They bring the shirts out all for the guys. It's day one. We're in Silverstone. We're shooting the crowd's there. It's race weekend and they start getting shit from the other teams. 'cause look what's on the back, The Action Factory. But They put it on Tramp Stamp. Oh. And they, we started getting so much shit from the other crews. We were between Mercedes and Ferrari and they're laughing their ass off at our team. That Is fantastic. So they switch out all the shirts, change 'em. But I saved One. Someone went, can you get Glen from Wardrobe? Oh My God. Dex. That's so special. You got a Tramp stand one.


It's very special. You got the Tramp stamp one. Maybe By the end of knowing you, I'll have a full wardrobe of clothes you've given me. We got two items. I'm gonna work on the waist down now. Okay. So I had it wrong and I've wrongly taken a little bit of credit for this. Again, I'm an approval junkie, but my telling of it is I text you at one point and I said, are you watching Drive to Survive? If not, text me when you've finished it. I bet it'll be in 18 hours. Something along those lines. Yes, yes. I remember this. You did. You texted me like 80 hours later and you're like, oh fuck. I watched them all. Yeah, probably nine. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So you fell in love with it like I did from that. Right? Well, I'd been watching a little because Moto GP races, there's just not enough of them.


There's Not. So then you start dipping in F1 a little bit. Now there's not enough F1 races. So I started dipping into indie. You watching Indie? No, You're Ian. Oh, I love it. I've even as a tourist, I've stepped into NASCAR a little bit. Oh, Okay, Okay, okay. Yeah, I've done a little dabbling in NASCAR too. I really recommend the night race at Bristol. That's a vibe. Wow. That's like old fashioned, you feel like? Yeah. There's bootleggers out here. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Just real quick. Valentino Rossi. Ah, come on. We still miss him. Don't we miss him? I miss Him. So number one, God Don't You, I don't even wanna talk about it. I miss him so much. If I had to say the number one God on planet Earth, I think it's Valentino Rossi. Yeah, it's Valentino Rossi. He's so Fucking charming. Have you ever seen that thing with Louis and Valentino?


They No. No. I've been told I keep meaning to go look it up. So Lewis gets on his bike and Val gets in his car. That's right. And they go on on the track and they've both put down times in Valley's fucking Fast. I'm sure he is. And Lewis is fucking great on the bike. Yeah. He's gonna be, yeah. You see him? There's some video he is put out where he went to a gun range. No. Oh my God. He's like, boom, boom, boom. Oh God. Yeah. I guess he's a great surfer. He can do everything And well. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. So you fall extra in love with it though, through drive to survive. I'm imagining. Yeah, I've been dipping in, I guess a little in the S you know, in the Schumacher period. I wasn't in like the religion that it is now. I Think the show really, I think you did a lot, especially for America.


Yeah. Bringing in new fans. But people have their driver and it's like the success or know the struggle of this driver is emblematic of their life. The emotional rollercoaster we've been on by being really good friends with Ricardo. It's almost too much for us. Yeah, it too much. It's almost too much. It's heartbreaking. I know. It's Too much. We love him so much. I know there's a second generation of where he's gonna go in this sport doing something. Absolutely. I know. You know, like the Gods are with you. Everyone has their own path In the confidence and how tenuous your grasp on the confidence is. Yeah. Even Lewis talks about that. Oh he does. You know what, there's wind. Last year in Silverstone in a inferior car, he was having doubts and we're talking about fractions of a second. Such a mine Fraction.


Sometimes one or two hundredths of a second for pole. The Idea that 20 guys can go around four mile track, three and a half mile track and be within a second of each other. It's crazy. And the guys on the back end are considered slow. Yeah. Yes. So you don't initiate this, you get approached. I Get a call from Joe. Okay. The director, Joe Kozinski, this mapping technology that he discovered on Top Gun Maverick mapping in the planes. He has this idea, he can do this with the cars on the track. Formula one cars so very wisely. He said, we're outsiders. I gotta have the tap on the shoulder from someone on the inside. And he goes to seventh time world champion, Louis Hamilton, let's Go to the greatest driver.


Yeah. And you gotta understand, I've been trying to get a racing movie made for 20 years in cars, in different classes, in Bikes Island, man, even. And for whatever reason it just never came to fruition. Yeah. They're Kind of high risk. They're hard to do really well. They are Hard to do really well. In fact, when we talk about this one, the most difficult thing of it was threading this needle between a faction of fans. Again that revered this sport as the greatest thing on this earth. And people who don't understand how the sport works, but is gonna enjoy The Movie. So this thing that we're constantly trying to negotiate, like Moneyball, the analytics of it all. Yeah. We only use the surface analytics of the easy things that we could understand of don't steal go for walks.


And the analytics that they were doing were so much deeper, so much more complex. So how to tell the story, it's not gonna piss off the fans. Right. And you're not dumbing down for the fans, but it's not gonna be over the head. It's a time needle. The thread took Us two years, really. Three, developing the script from nothing. And I think Lewis was an incredibly smart move because here's the unbelievable triumph of The Movie is I think it's closest comp. And I say this in the best way 'cause I fucking love The Movie is Days of Thunder. First Of all, I write him, what'd you think? And he goes, it's titties. Well, I said, fucking titties. So Titties. I guess we all like titties be The best. But then he said it wasn't a but.


But Kristen loved it. I said, more importantly. Oh, more importantly, okay. It's like, you know, after a screening you couldn't quite get it. And you go, man, the music was awesome. Oh yeah, you gotta say something. You know when you're in one of those screens and you're literally going like, God, I picked something. I can say believably. Oh no. Boy That shot with the crane Was was incredible. Incredible. That must have been really hard. How many feet was that Crane? A hundred diverse and diversity version. Yeah. Yeah. No fucking titties is my ultimate compliment. All right, great. Because titties are the best thing in the world. They kind of are. Yeah. Not been kin. Are they been Around for 300,000 years? I think men and women would agree. I agree. Yeah. But the genius of having Lewis is it's really hard to make a movie about F1 that could exist actually within the world of F1.


I think that's a really tall order. Dude, this is unprecedented. Yes. The fact that they're involved is crazy. That's a coup That we're infused into the racing season. I don't know what other sport you could really do that with it. Stay tuned for more armchair expert if you dare.


This is Nick. And this is Jack. We're best friends, ex finance guys and resident nineties experts. And every week on our podcast the best idea yet we're bringing you the untold stories behind your favorite products. For instance, can you guess which billion dollar fashion company went viral thanks to a rhinestone covered tracksuit, or which cartoon turned four turtles into a global toy empire by accident? It started as a joke. Last one. Which cold beverage was so hated by Starbucks, they actually ended up acquiring it. Spoiler. The Frappuccino. Howard Schultz apparently thought cold coffee was super lame. And then he bought it from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to Juicy Couture to the orange mocha. Frappuccino. Join us every week to learn how your favorite things got made. Follow the best idea yet on the Wonder app or wherever you get your podcasts. And you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus. And if this podcast lasts longer than 45 minutes, call your doc.


Today is the worst day of Abby's life. The 17-year-old cradles her newborn son in her arms. They All saw much. I loved him. They didn't have to take him from me. Between 1945 and the early 1970s, families shipped their pregnant teenage daughters to maternity homes and forced them to secretly place their babies for adoption in hidden corners across America. It's still happening. My Parents had me locked up in the godparent home against my will. They worked with them to manipulate me and to steal my son away from me. The godparent home is the brainchild of controversial preacher Jerry Falwell, the father of the modern evangelical right. And the founder of Liberty University where powerful men emboldened by their faith, determine who gets to be a parent and whom must give their child away follow liberty lost on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts.


I think having Lewis, there's all of the mechanisms and devices that were driving the plot could really happen. And they're so intricate and they are true to Formula One. We all know the reality of it. As you say, it's by a 10th of a second if you're not on the right team. That's that. There's so many things that are antithetical to a great movie. You can't have a magic device in this. It has to all be real. There's so many clever things your character does that are totally believable, that are so fun. And they're very days of thundery. We're last place team. So the idea of you gotta play with what you got under. So how do you win what you got under, which is a Moneyball. There's good teams, there's bad teams and there's 50 feet of crap.


Then there's us. Yeah. Well the gap in real life is you have Mercedes and Red Bull spending $500 million a year and then you have name the team Haass doing it on a hundred million. That's really significant. Yeah. So how on earth are we gonna build any stakes where anything can really happen in reality? And it all really works. What I'm saying, days of thunder. The reason that I think that's a compliment is that took something that not everyone was into and it made it so widely appealing. Yeah, okay. Fair enough. Like Everyone loved Days of Thunder. You did not have to be into cars. Kristen came with me 'cause she had to. I'm like, come on, we're gonna go see this movie. And it ended and she's like, fuck. That's one of the best fucking action movies I've ever seen. That's incredible. I Think it's fun of shit. Yeah.


Did I wasn't able to go because I had work. But you did get an invite. She got an invite. I did Get an invite. He didn't cut you Out? No. Okay. No, no. I get myself in places. It almost made me question who Monica was. 'cause she was gonna ride with us and she goes, I'm not coming. And I was like, what has happened? Look, I have an operation to run here and I had to do it. I bet you had to edit. And Dax made a good point. Sometimes it's good for me not to have seen The Movie in case things get very esoteric. I also edit the show. So if I'm like, no one's gonna understand any of this, I wonder if this was gonna be an hour and a half just talking about wheels. No, no, no, no. It was the danger of us sitting down here. I know. That's why I'm there. You did really well to hold it off by the way.


Yeah. Thank you. Thank I have a lot of practice. Anytime someone arrives in a cool car, she's like, we're fucked. He can read my face where I'm like ready? Ready to move on from this part. Really specific look that says you're in the weeds on this and no one gives a fuck but you and the guest. But the driving's a huge part of this. I can't imagine you want to do this movie unless you're gonna drive. I'm so grateful the others didn't work out. They put us in the fucking cars During the race. During the race weekends. Okay. That was my first shot though, was the race weekend. I mean it was the whole cruise first shot. So it's race weekend. You are driving It's race weekend and the first thing we're going do is put us out on it was quality day. It is such a military precision design machine.


That whole day to this second, we're gonna get 15 minutes to go out in front of the crowd of Wow. How many a hundred thousand people are at Silverstone Silverstone's, Wimbledon. To put it in perspective. Yeah. It's a cathedral. This is the UK track. F One's British. That's their track. Right? Yeah. It's the beginning of the official F1 in the fifties started on this track. It's hallow. Yeah. And they strap me in the car half hour early. I'm sweating my balls off. It's really hot. And they screwing the horse collar. You have a Hans on and everything. Hans helmet. It's really sensory deprivation at that point because you have earphones and you got the fire retardant gear underneath. Then you got your suit and you got the helmet and you're sitting with the window bathtub. Oh God. It's too short to stretch out. And they screw in the horse collar. Oh. And You can only turn your head about this far with the Hans On. Yeah. And they put us in a half hour early 'cause we couldn't miss our window.


Wow. And we had to prove ourselves like if this weekend went bad, if it went tits up, this movie isn't happening. See How come tits up that sits used in a bad way. End up on your back. On your back. Okay. Let's say, oh man. Let's say if we cock it up. Yeah, I like that Better. We Make up If it goes pear shaped. Yeah. If we say over there. So we go out Now I had practice. It's a whole nother thing to have all these bands there. Yeah. I'm not gonna be hitting the speeds that those guys are hitting. You see them go around cops flat out. Dude, it is so breathtaking. I stood at the base of Old Rouge. This is a storied track in Belgium. Okay. Spa for me it was the greatest track we got to drive. But I stood at the base with my back at the bottom and they go up this blind ass up.


Oh. Lewis talks about the G. At first it compacts your spine into the ground, then you get up to the top, it's blind, you lift up. He said it's the only track where you have down upward Gs. Anyway. It's amazing. But you stand right next to the wall like this and the cars are right here they go, they're flat out. It takes the air out of your lungs. It is so staggering. Yeah. It's Wow. It warps space and time. Yeah. If we could Chris Nolan that moment. Yeah. So it's race weekend. I had practiced in my mind driving the track. This is Stressful. I know. I don't wanna spin out. 'cause we spin out, we go off the track and I'd taken a few a misadventures, so I don't wanna lose the car and it's the fan. So I'd practice in my mind people in the stands and just hitting my breaking points.


Practice, practice, practice, practice. And so when we got there, I just told myself the last minute, just have fun. And it was such a joy. Was it? Yeah. But I'm gonna break 10 yards earlier just to make sure I'm not gonna get on it hard coming out. Because again, this is our first attempt and then the next day we're shooting on the grid, national anthem. We're off to the side. Oh wow. The main feed cuts us out. You just see the drivers. It's me, Damson Max and Checko and then Claire. And I'm almost embarrassed. Yes. Because I have such reverence for these guys, this sport. And here's this jackass actor saying it at the end. Like he knows what he's doing. Yeah, yeah. So I just had to swallow that. I'm like, we gotta do it.


And there's this real energy because we have 10 minutes to get back to our cars and then have a little scene there with Javier Barm and Tobias. And then we gotta get in the car. So we do that two takes. We get off the grid and they're lining up for the start of the race for the warmup lab. And then our cars one's gonna go, it's already choreographed where he is gonna peel off. And we had two great drivers with us. We couldn't have done it without him. Luciana Bacheta, he was F two champion. And then Craig Dolby, they're in the cars. We're not doing this part. Okay. And one of our cars does not start one that's supposed to take off. Oh. But they had already had plans for that. If it didn't, guys came running out, push it off the track and everything went. Oh wow. And so then we were in and running. But then we went on strike the next day.


I was gonna Say, you have this triumphant, fuck this movie's gonna work. We got it. We're in. And then we went on strike on the Monday. Oh Fuck. It was such a let down. It was just bumping into walls. It was such a high. And you had to do a unique thing on this, which is The Movie has to be insured. If something goes wrong, there's so much money on the line that someone's gotta insure that. And they've never insured a movie and let the actors drive 180 miles an hour. No, this was Steve McQueen's problem filming Lamont the last week. He was supposed to drive in the race and insurance stepped in at the last said, Uhuh, we lose you. There's no movie. Right. Yeah. Our movie was predicated on us being on the track and driving. Did you personally have to explain to them like what these cars don't work till 180?


This Is a really good point. This happened because we're hitting speeds. We're running with a hundred kilograms of extra weight. 'cause we got camera gear. We gotta gotta block camera here. I got a camera here where I can't see break points, turning points. Oh my God. Four on here and one over here. Yep. Sometimes they'd be a big camera up here, which would diffuse all your downforce on the back rear. So you'd be sliding out. And we don't have power steering 'cause we're on an F two that's been chopped and stretched and arrowed. We're in Abu Dhabi and we've been getting away with a lot. And insurance got hip to it. And they came and they said speed limit 140. And it actually in these cars it becomes more dangerous. You don't have heat in the tires. You don't have heat in the brakes. And they actually become undrivable unstoppable.


You're not creating the downforce. So you can't go through the turns. This thing would go off and I would just ignore it. And we would go and the guys, especially Looch and Craig put together a case for the insurance to show them this is actually more dangerous. It is actually safer to go at 180 and breaks and get the heat in as we need. Then keep us down at 140. So it took three or four weeks of negotiations and we got there. I watch F1 and I am deeply humbled by, I know that you have to believe this car is creating so much down force that yes, you can turn right at Silverstone in seventh gear going 190 miles an hour. And that's a leap of faith. It's shocking. Yeah.


So what was your curve? The first time I got in, I just could not believe you could take corners at these speeds and the car would stick. Every impulse is to get off the gas. But you do that, you destabilize, ah, you'll go wide. Then you'll go off the track. So you actually need to stay on it. They say if you're not on the gas or you're not on the brake, you're not driving the car and you're upsetting the car. I just kept saying, trust the car. Trust the car. I've had this mantra going in my head. This is week one. And then the braking capabilities are Shocking. Now what they do kind of defies physics. Yeah, they called an upside down airplane, don't they? Oh yeah. Yeah. When you're driving it, you can't be in character. Right. 'cause you have to be so focused on We do the scenes, but we're also in a helmet like this.


So if you fuck up the lines. Yeah. So how are you doing That're doing? And we're getting to drive and we can actually use our side view mirrors. So that leads to the authenticity of it all. But you asked about downforce. Yes. I don't know how to explain it. It's the greatest feeling. You wanna go roller coaster, but no, that's not it. Because you feel the fulcrum under you and a roller coaster on corners. I was in an aerobatic plane once and guy took me for a ride. That'd be the closest thing. I think it is a high. I just can't wait to do it again. Yeah. What's so great is these cameras are fucking mounted on the car in such a way. And Joe can control them. And we're seeing you and you're almost blueprinted to think, oh yeah, he's on the green screen and we're watching him and then it's just a fluid fucking pan and oh no, we're going 180.


And there's the other cars. It's so intense and novel. It's really a technological kind of accomplishment. Yeah, I think so too. It's really visceral. Yeah, it's interesting to hear that it was tech first almost. That was what started this whole thing. Tell me about, you go out to a track, I think you're at a Porsche training center and there's a GT three and you get to go out for a bit and Lewis is there and then he takes you for a ride. This is after the controversial 21 finish. This is the only time I felt some stress between you and I. Yeah. Because I love Max Who's undeniably so damn good. Especially This year in a shit card he is Doing. Oh my god. He's incredible. But yeah, I've been in a few arguments over that one. Yeah. So this is the first time he's been on a track since that controversial end where he loses the title.


I just feel like an idiot. He's getting in the car with me. So I'm not gonna even try to push, I know lines from being on the bike and on the track and understand trail breaking and when to get back on the fuel, the throttle and all that. And that felt good. But I was just, oh, I was feeling such an idiot. Yeah. But then I got in with him and it's this bit on the track where it's just a straight way. And then it's got this, what do they call it? The carousel. And it's just one of these spanked things and it's walled and the guy says, take it easy. Going out, giving Lewis instructions. There's a bump. He can really unsettle you and oh God, it just takes off. We hit the bump, we're here, we're going going. We hit this corkscrew. He comes sliding up around in the back end, kicks out. Now we're in the gravel and inches from a wall. And he comes out and he's just laughing his ass off.


He Loves it. These Guys have such control of this car. They're at the very max and they have control. You Know, he came in, we're getting close to the final cut and he is so detailed, he would come in and go, no, no, no. That's the wrong gear. You're turned 11. You need to be in fifth by sound. Yes. Wow. Because we're in an F two car. So we gotta redo the sound for it to sound like an F1 car. He would go down the strai. There's this reverb that comes off the left wall. You need to add that in what knowledge? Have you ever seen these videos where they just put headphones on the drivers and they play the audio from the car. And these guys within about 30 seconds will go spa. Wow. Have you seen 'em do that? No.


There's many videos of them doing this. They can tell. I would love to see that. Just from from the audio. Oh, it was third gear, then fourth, then third. Real quick. They'll name the track. Wow. Did you get to do all the tracks? No, we drove spa. We drove Coda, we drove Vegas. That was weird and sketchy way. Yeah, it was cold. And tell me about that. Just sketchy. And we got no rehearsal on it and we just had to go out and we had our one 15 minute window. 10 I think. Even sketchy. Yeah, slippery. Right. And not Only that, there are points in it where you're breaking on a curb. It's just odd technical. I Went, Wait, wait, wait. I wanna brag some more. Yeah, please, Please, please. Abu Dhabi, please. Oh yes. 'cause this is where the GQ guy was at Silverstone.


What About Abu Dhabi? 'cause it's Night. Amazing. It goes from day, dusk night. Ugh. I'm so fucking jealous. The fact that for your job you had to go drive all these tracks i's also About you should be, You should hate me. No, this one I will rub in. I can see how lit up you are about this. This is so fun. Both of you. I'm hard as a rock for the listener. Yeah, Yeah. Slight chub over here. We have so many actors in here and they're artsy for the most part. That's why they got into it. Do you sometimes feel like an outsider amongst all these artsy actors? Because you are their peers, but you're also this guy. And by not artsy, You are Artsy. Right. After I went right into a man and a dog's survival story out in the wilderness of New Zealand.


Okay. So I'm trying to mix it up. You're doing both. But this part of the conversation is the happiest you've been in the whole conversation. Let's be real about That. No doubt. No doubt. And we could go on for another few hours, you know? I know. We'll wrap this thing up and we'll still be at it. I know You'll, I want to add some, there's so many rad things about The Movie. The fact that all the real teams are there. Is that insane? You're in Shas with Charles LeClair. We could not do it without them. And we had to go into the driver's meeting and make our case. And of course they're gonna be suspect of us. What are we gonna do? How Hollywood is it gonna be? Who are you gonna make the bad guys? Ferrari, a Red Bull. Like, 'cause you have Lewis, you're gonna make us, you know, didn't know what this thing was gonna be. And little by little we made our pitch. I think they understood our respect and told him, we're gonna be here in the race weekends, wherever you're away.


Tell us to fuck off. Have no problem fucking off. We know how to do that. Quite good at fucking off At first. Certainly weekend. I felt like a tourist who had no right to be there by the end of it. We'd been so integrated into the old ecosystem of it all, just having laughs with the guys. And we could not have done it without their participation. Without the teams totos in it. Fred's in it. Yes. Oh, I love Toto. All the team bosses are in it. I mean this production value. There were $30 million cars and their entire teams for the whole pit lane. And they gave us an hour. They pulled out their cars, they all came in, worked on it. I mean it was unbelievable. The whole F1, Stefano and his team. I think once we proved ourselves, they were super accommodated.


I've talked to some of these dudes. They're pumped. They like it And they're all in it. There's only a single completely unbelievable part of the whole movie. Go. And it's when Toto offers the kid a ride on Mercedes and he says, no thanks. I'm like, bullshit. Everyone wants to drive for Mercedes. How do you get Toto in? We love Toto. Yeah. We Had so much fun. I've never encouraged you to watch anything that I've done, but I text you like you gotta watch Toto on the by. He's so playful. He's so playful. Yeah, he's really charming. I didn't watch it, by the way. Yeah, I know, I know. I'll get there. You're smart. You know I'm an approval junky. So you withhold enough to keep me on the hook. He used to get through eight viewings of once Upon a Time in Hollywood. First. The only thing we've done a bad job at is the premise of The Movie, which is fantastic.


We meet you and you are driving in an endurance race. You're one of the drivers 24 hours a Daytona in A push GT three. And you come out, you've gotten the lead before. Then the other drivers lose the lead. You come up, you get 'em back in the lead, you get outta the car and you're like, don't fucking lose this lead. This guy's like a fucking has been. But he's a genius. He's still incredible. He's very good while hunting. Yeah. So you're obviously an insanely good driver, but you're kind of a fucking renegade and a vagabond. And then you get approached by Javier Baram. Yeah. The great Javier bar. What a Oh my my God. Can that man wear a suit? Dear Lord. He'll be by number two. Yeah. Okay. That's a good pick. Yeah, he's so good and such a beautiful guy.


He Penelope, his whole family. They're just beautiful people. When you watch a movie, one scene makes the cut or some kind of amalgamation of one scene makes the cut. But this guy take after take just doing different things and any one of 'em you could throw up there. And it was so fun to watch. That's the other side of being behind the making These Spaniards too. They have like an art of living. Were you attracted to his whole thing? Europeans certainly more than Americans. They carve out more time for enjoyment of life than we do. Yeah. They know how to get in the fucking ju. Yeah. Okay. So he approaches you. He is the owner of this terrible team at F1 and he's in this situation where he has to win a single race where he is gonna lose control of the team. And he is got this incredible rookie driver.


Damson Andris is a rookie Young phenom, but he is just gotta get reeled in a bit. This Is great. This is Bull Durham. Bull Durham is probably the closest connection where two guys have to work together who are at odds through the whole movie. And that's the fun we have. Yeah, It's a great, great relationship. He's a gem man. Snowfall. That's where he is from. Yeah, he's cocky. Yeah. Yeah. I like Cocky. Yeah. Not only that, he enjoys this whole parade in a way. I never knew how I admire that about him, but on the court, he's in on the joke. He doesn't mind being the brunt or he'll give it back. He's really well-rounded. Well, It's spectacular. You guys. Guys did it. You made the most realistic racing movie that's ever been made. You're fucking radical.


Okay, I'm gonna end on this. You said no, I met you before the meeting and you did, and I'm gonna tell you when you wouldn't remember, but I don't think you know the punchline of the story and I think you'll get a kick out of it. Okay. So we're at the Academy Awards. Kristen and I, I've never been. And I go to take a squirt and she knows you're my number one. You're like three rows ahead of us. We're coming back to the seat. And as I'm getting close to her, she's mouthing something to me. I'm like, and I'm like, what? And I hear he's talking to you and I go, what I do, Brad remembers Brad Is talking to you. And I'm like, What? Brad Pitt's talking to me and I fucking turn around and you're standing up and you go, we loved your movie.


Right. And You're talking. That's right. I, I remember this. I guess about hit and run, but I lose my shit. Yes. I don't really remember that I've directed a movie at that point. I'm just like, oh, thank you. And you're like, yeah, we loved it. It was so nice. You know, You see people up on screen, you still recognize your people. And I'm doing a hundred percent of the driving in that movie. And you know, as someone who does these things, like I'm in shots you can't be in unless you're sideways. There's also just a down home, more country vibe that you just recognize your people. Yep. In Ireland, New Zealand on screen. So you're standing up at the Academy Awards shouting to me, we loved your movie. So then I sit down and this is the punchline, you don't know about the second after you said that, the very next thing that happened was they started the immor portion of The Academy Awards.


And I'm sitting down and I'm like this, I'm so happy that Kristen goes, honey, stop fucking smiling. It's the Im part. And I couldn't not talk about things. I also want the outtakes of if there's any camera on me during that immemorial, you almost got 'em canceled. I would've Escorted outta the business. I've never been happier watching this group of dead people be celebrated. So that was the punchline that you missed from that. That's the Highlight of your life. I love that shit. I love big fails. Yeah. Yeah. I'm so grateful that you did this. Thank you man. I really appreciate it, Dude.


I so appreciate what you guys do. And this is the one I got to, I didn't have a choice, did I? You did not All, I mean, we've been talking about wheels. I mean, I think it enters every conversation we ever had. That's awesome. Yeah. Something about wheels. It's inexhaustible. F1 is out June 27th. Don't listen to me 'cause I wouldn't. Trust me. I love everything with engines that you put gas in. But listen to Kristen. Kristen fucking loved it. And it's fucking titties. It's Fucking titties. Put on the poster. That's where we end. You can quote me. It can be on the poster. It's fucking titties. Dak Shepherd. All right brother. See you soon. All thank you both. Thank you. Love you. He isn't our care expert buddy. Makes mistakes all the time. Thank God.


Monica's here. She's gotta let them have the facts. We had a fun run in this weekend. Yeah, we did. Delta and Aaron and I went over to Mustard Seed Cafe. That's a cafe nearby, which I've recently become all renewed obsessed with. Yep. Because they got a, they got a dish for me in there. That is, it couldn't be more perfect. Describe Broccoli. Egg whites. I add capers. Oh, so broccoli, egg whites with capers. Scramble. Yeah. Okay. Turkey patty On the side. This is all one dish. You know one plate. Right. But is, is it? Is the egg on top of the patty separate? Everything's separated on one plate.


Okay. And I get this ramalad sauce, which I don't know if I'm saying that correctly, but I have a whole history with this, which is, I thought they made just a special sauce at that place. That was their signature proprietary sauce. And I was obsessed with it. And then I was there recently and she said, oh, we just ran out the like, somehow she said like the bottle just ran out. And I was like, oh, they're buying it. So then I went home and I searched. That's a popular Cajun sauce. Do you know about Ade Re milad? Yeah. They have one at Houston's. Oh. It's got horse radish in it. Some kind of stuff that I think is fishy, but I, I don't focus on that. Sure. Probably anchovy. I think tartar Sauce tart. Yeah. There's just maybe some cocktail type sauce vibes.


Does cocktail sauce have fish in it or just you combine it with fish so often that I've associated it with fish. You combine it. But it does have horse radish often. But no fish in it. It might have anchovy fish taste a lote of things that are tasty. Have anchovy. You wouldn't know it though. Earmark that Ian McGregor on his motorcycle show. He eats so much fish paste and I'm just like, he's so much, he's so much more manly than me. I can't eat fish paste. I want you to try it. I, nothing sounds worse to me than fish. I already don't like fish. I know. And It's original form. I That's what you think. Remember we talked about this on a previous episode where you've been to a restaurant and you were like, I don't like any of these things. And then you like it.


Yeah. Yeah. French laundry. If if, if the French laundry had a fish paste I would try it. But they're getting it at a gas station in a tube and they're gobbling it up you Anyways, Ramallo sauce ordered. It was great. I'm there getting that wonderful breakfast. Yep. I think it's called the lean plate there. And I see you and your tall gentleman friend Jess Stroll by you. Pass through frame. Yeah, I'm facing the window. Okay. You were inside. Yeah. Eating. And I said Delta Monte just walked by and so she ran out, flagged you down. She Ran out. It was such a fun pop out by then I was passed, I was at Maru, I was tempted to also run out.


But then I had this thing where it's like it was, we had already eaten. I, I really felt like it was gonna look like we were running out on the check, Dine and Dash, Dine and dash. There's another couple good terms for it. But of course that they wouldn't have thought that. 'cause I'm a regular customer there and they know I'm a nice person. But I, anyways that, that stopped me. But then you guys were en route to the protests. Yeah, We went to the rally in Los F is on Saturday. No Kings rally. No kings, but definitely Short kings. We'll Get to that. No, not if they're trying to be monarchs. No, just, I like all the boys that have been getting short King love. Sure, of course. So you guys are still good Not Napoleon.


See? Yeah, he took it too far. Yeah. Yeah. He wasn't just getting some dates. No, he wanted to take over the world. So then I said, where did they say they were at? Let's go look. And then en route to there, we saw you guys, we shouted at you. You were probably already on edge 'cause you were going to a protest and you cops were there. Yeah. We had a very fun run in. Yeah. And you guys looked so excited. Yeah. And yeah, We were excited. It all happened very fast. Okay. Tell me, I told, I think also on the last fact check maybe, or a couple fact checks ago was saying that I've been pretty overwhelmed by social media. Yeah. So I was, I kind of wasn't paying much attention to it.


And so I didn't know. I didn't know. There was like a bit a day where Yeah. The country was protesting. Yeah. Trump's birthday. Yeah. You would only find out on social media, right? I would, I mean, I don't, I also didn't You don't watch the news. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So Jess texted me in the morning, or he texted me and he said, there's a no Kings rally happening in Los Field is right now. And I was like, we should go. Yeah. And I was already on my walk. Oh, okay, great. So it worked out per, and he was like, okay, let me just like, finish a couple things. And then next thing he knew, two minutes later, I was at his door, knock, knock, knock. And he said, oh, wow.


Okay. Yeah. I guess we're where we are going. Yes. And so he put on his sunscreen and his tall socks. Yeah. And off we went, and we walked there and we ran into you. And it was a lovely run in. And it was so, it was so, so fun to Can You pause for one second? Yeah. Right. Yeah. So it's almost as if I planned that Planned the whole rally? No, just now. You had to step out because there was a dog barking a lot. Oh, yes. It is almost as if I planned that. 'cause I, I have a, I wanna talk about something about dogs. Oh, Okay. Okay. But first let's finish up the rallies. So I thought maybe like farted while I was gone or something.


No, it feels like a great place to meet a lover. I mean, sure. Like-minded people. Yes. I, I could see that. But that really wasn't on our map. And it had a good party vibe. Like I drove through it. It had a, it was, yeah. It felt very much like a parade, kind of a vibe. It did. And that was one thing about it that I will comment on. It was very heartwarming. Yeah. Yeah. That's what it felt like as we were driving through. There's also so much to look at. There's so many signs. Everyone's gotta put a spin on their thing. I know. There's some fun ones. There was really fun ones there. It was really, there was some we disagreed with. Okay. What did you disagree With? Well, Wes, one of them, it was, this man had done a very, a beautiful oil painting of Trump.


And it said, this man has never had a friend. Oh. And I said, well, that's, that's, he's assuming quite a bit. He seems to know a lot about that. And then we were, then we were making up signs of three of us of stuff. Like, you couldn't really know. Like he stabbed his toe in second grade on the way to the pool. Mm. Well, that was your, your claim that you knew. Yeah. I, And then there was really clever. There was, so there were really, really funny ones. A lot of plays on the word ice, which I found very, very fun. Yeah. I did really like the one that was, that said you were worried about the cost of X, but what about the cost of ice?


Ooh. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. There was some great ones. A lot of dictator, but DICK. Oh, sure. That's a fun one. That's fun. Yeah. Anyway, It was, Everyone got playful. Everyone got really playful. Yeah. And it was a, it was a happy environment. Yep. There, it was a, it was emo it was kind of emotional. Like there were some people, you know, there was this like, young boy with this like, Mexican flag and it was really sweet. It was very, it's like, yeah, that's what we're doing this for. And yeah. Anyway, it was heartwarming. And I'm really, really glad that we went. Yeah. And what I also like about it is, it's not, it's not for the pur like it's, it's to show up and say we don't like what's going on.


It's not active in that. Like you're, it's not a vote, you know, that's what really is gonna make a difference. Right. But it, it's solidarity and it's like, look, you're not alone. Yep. People are here to support you. Yeah. Whatever. So anyway, it was lovely. We did that, and then we went to the Beverly Hills Hotel and had a martini. Oh, Wonderful. Yeah. Very, very classy of you. Okay. Now pivoting. Yes. Dogs. You know, I've taken a break from speaking ill of dogs. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Because people Don't like it. No, they hate it. I know. I get it. Like, I get that you love your dogs.


But I have a, I had a, I had a resurgence of annoyance for them this weekend, and it was a one-two punch. Okay. So, I'm so sorry. I just thought of a very funny analogy. Oh, man. He was like, Chappelle just couldn't stay away from trans, Trans. I know. He just, it kept, it kept just pulling, even when he was saying it can't, I know it's not gonna be about trans. And then it is. And he Knows like, this isn't gonna go well. Yes. And he just, he can't resist. Yeah. That's how I feel. So I almost texted you Saturday night because I need you to pass along a really important message for me. Okay. To Amy Poer. Okay. Okay. Babes Babes.


AKA Babes, A k Babers. Amy has an awesome podcast. New podcast, new-ish called Good Hang. And she had Dakota Johnson on her podcast Who you're obsessed with. People should know. I am currently a bit obsessed with Dakota Johnson. That's so true. I've been going down real rabbit holes. It started, because obviously I do watch a lot of, not obviously, but I watch a lot of Vogue videos. Yeah. Obviously it was the right word. Yeah. I watch a lot of Vogue videos and there's a lot of like, get ready for this red carpet or get ready for this, whatever. Yeah. So I'm served a lot of that content. So I was served Dakota Johnson getting ready for can.


Okay. And I love her. The dress she wore, it's a Gucci dress. Pink fringe, sequined silk. Gorgeous. Okay. So I was obsessed with the dress, so I was like watching that. And then once that happened, it's all I'm getting Auto load. Yes. And then I saw a Vanity Fair. Is She Melanie Griffiths? Yes. And Johnson Johnson's daughter. Yes. Okay. And she, she notoriously is, has kind of wild press Oh, tours. Oh, I didn't know this. Yes. She, she has some controversial press tours, Political opinions or No, like, okay.


So she was in Mme. Webb and it was like a whole thing because she was pretty much shitting on it the Whole time. What's Mme. Webb? It was some movie. It Was a movie. Superhero. Superhero thing. Okay. And she did a bad job Yeah. Speaking favorably about the product. Correct. Yeah. Okay. And it was a whole thing. Okay. And I, I will Be So she's a liability on a pressed, I will be honest, during the Mme. Webb thing, I was like, I just think if you're in a movie, it's part of your job. You got paid to be in that movie. You gotta, it's too late. It's too late. You gotta Do, sometimes they turn out good, sometimes they turn out bad. You kind of gotta stand by it. Unless you were like abused or something. Sure. You gotta go down with the ship. Yeah. Yeah. So anyway, so I had this idea about her based on Madame Webb.


And Callie loves Dakota Johnson. Okay, great. And Dakota is her kind of girl crush. Yeah. And, and I was always like, I don't really get it. Yeah. And now I get it. You get it Now. I totally get it. Okay. And I have been wanting to get her on this show. Oh, okay. Because of my new obsession with her. Yeah. Also because I saw a Vanity Fair lie detector test. She did. And she doesn't know a lot. Like she, that I found interesting. Like she didn't, they slid a picture of Alex Earl and also Alex Cooper. Ding ding ding. Alex Dingo Cooper's episode came out today. Great episode.


Great conversation. Anyway, she didn't know who they were, but she was like, oh, for Alex Earl. She was like, oh, is it call her daddy? Okay. And they were like, no. And then they showed that picture and she was like, this is a different person. Like, she didn't, she doesn't know a lot about pop culture. Okay, great. I find all this kind of interesting. Yes. And it feels authentic to you. Yeah, It does feel authentic. Okay. Great. To me. And Anyw. Anywho. So I've been sort of obsessed with her and I've been, I've been trying to get her on it can't happen. And all of a sudden I see her pop up on Good Hang. Oh, okay. So I have mixed feelings about this. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. I'll be honest.


I was like, fuck Yeah, sure. I Wanted her. Yeah. But I love Amy, so Of course. Next best thing. Yeah. And I, I turn it on and Dakota has her dog with her Tokyo. Very, very cute dog. Yeah. But this interview is happening. Oh. And I will say she, Dakota said she has never done a podcast before. That was her first podcast ever. Okay. She doesn't, she's kind of afraid Of them's never heard of a podcast until That moment. She's afraid of them. Yeah. And she felt she'd be safe with Neighbors. Yeah. Anyway, the dog was really taking up a lot of the conversation for the first chunk.


And I could feel Talking about the dog, or the dog was being rambunctious and they were having to corral. He or She mainly talking about the dog. Talking about the dog. But the dog was like drinking water outta the cup. And then they had to address that the dog was drinking water outta the cup. Yeah. You know, it was just very dog centered. Yes. Yes. And Amy said, you know, she has a no Dogs at Work policy. Oh, she does? Yes. That must be very controversial. And I have, I mean, I, I didn't think I could love her more, but my God did. I feel so seen and, and loved. I felt Loved. Wow. Okay. Great.


And I want you to tell her that. I'll tell her that. Yeah. Please Pass along the message that I felt stressed on her behalf that the dog was, and it wasn't anyone's fault. Especially not the dog's fault. Yeah. He's not supposed to be at a podcast. He's supposed to be in the woods. Correct. He was really cute actually. Yeah. He won Me Over whatever it Tokyo was commandeering the conversation. And I could feel like if that was us, I would be a little, like, you'd Lose it. We need this dog to get outta here. Yeah. Because you Get, there's, there's Tokyo. Oh, wonderful. Is it Tokyo? Tokyo looks like a puppy. Like if she also, she brought a puppy, I think to, and actually, to be fair, that's wild.


Tokyo was very well behaved. Tokyo just fell asleep in her lap pretty quickly after that. Sipping of the water. Wow. Anyw who? So I, I just really respect Amy's policy. Oh. And, And then, God, I'm gonna get in trouble for this. That's okay. From My friend. So I feel bad, but I, I have to say it Morally. You feel obligated? I do. I'm watching this on Sunday. I feel like Amy's a hero for handling Tokyo so well, but also stating her boundary, but not sticking by her boundary. Sure, sure. Yeah. It's, it's mixed. Yeah. And She gets a C on that part.


And then I go to Anna's house and Anna has a dog who we love. We Mona love Mona. Mona. We love Mona. I was just saying this morning, I wish Mona was my dog. Mona's a great dog. And Jess and I went over there to, she got a new apartment. We were gonna see a new apartment, and we were gonna go on a walk. And as we were getting ready to go, I was like, is Mona coming? Because I could sense that Mona was gonna come with us. Okay. And last time we went out, she also came. And I, I, I'm very hyper aware when we're out at a restaurant and we have Mona also Mona's huge.


Mona's Gigantic. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She's a Mo and she's in people's biz. Yeah. She's like a puppy. She Thinks she's a puppy. Yeah. But she's a big girl like a horse. Look, we are in LA a lot of people are like totally standard. Five standard. Yeah. People are fine with it. But I'm like, Mona is in that person's lap and they're trying to eat and they're strangers. So I already had this last week, and then here we are again With the dark. Well, I think it is Mona, by the way. I think the same offender It Is. Yeah. That was barking. It Is. Yeah. 'cause Anna brings Mona to work. Yeah, I know. Okay. So, So then we're at New. But I love Mona. I love Mona. I I do too. But because Anna was really nervous that to bring Mona to work.


'cause I 'cause of me. And it took me telling her like a thousand times. Like, I love Mona. I don't mind Backyard. I've been very kind. I keep thinking like, what if someone has an allergy? And then at one point Mona got on the seat, even if you're not allergic, you might not wanna step over a dog. Yeah. You might not wanna sit on dog hair. And she did get up on the, the furniture. And then someone did come over and say like, we can't have her on the furniture. And I, I, you know, as someone who is a rule follower in general Yeah. And I think maybe that's, You don't want attention. I don't want attention. That's really what it all is. And I don't want, it's all about attention. I don't want attention for something that I fundamentally feel like we're getting in pe we are in people's way.


I don't like That Conveniencing People. People. Yeah. I really don't like inconveniencing people. Yeah. It's, it feels selfish. It's, well, it's very tricky for the dog owner because a, a huge percentage of the city loves it. I know. They genuinely love it. Kristen's happier when she runs into a dog at a restaurant, or she's gotta step over one. Like, it improves her day. But she doesn't bring her dogs out. Nope. Ours are assholes though. They would bite people. But we used to bring Lola around. Lola was cool to take to a restaurant stuff if we were gonna sit outside at ding, ding, ding, mustard seed. She ate there a lot. Oh. For the dog owner, they're running into tons of people that are so excited to meet their dog. Yeah. And then the people who are are don't enjoy it.


Are not saying anything nor Yeah. Because you, nor should they. Why the, see, this is what's unfair. Well, I'll tell you why. Because it's small. You, you have the choice. And overall you should go. It's than giving this group of people a lot of joy. I don't like it. I can live with it. I think, I think it's definitely the aspirational version is to just let it be without it bothering you. I think Buddhism, I can't get you, but maybe Buddhism, It feels unfair to me. So I recognize they, they might not be fully aware of how much people, but, but, but I would urge the people, you have to acknowledge you're bringing an animal somewhere.


Like the, the restaurants and our transportation, they were designed for humans. You throw a a there's not like parking for dogs at restaurants under the table. Exactly. Yeah. We're on podcasts and stuff. Or at work, if you're Amy. Although We gotta be honest, we loved having Nico. I know, but Nico, that's a different thing. Nico like a service Dog. No. Rob. No. This is also, it's like everyone's just calling them service dogs. That's crazy. You know what my service need is no barking, No dogs barking. And funny. Listen. Yes.


At the aforementioned thing, these two, you saw one person with a fricking boxer, another with a pit bull, and they're, they're both insisting, the dogs are nice. They're not nice. They get no fights in the four way one's. They're all barking and Causing a scene and making people sort of trip. And like, I don't, I don't, I'm fine with it, I guess. I mean, I'm not, but I am. I have to be in this world. Yeah. But I want some, instead of me being the enemy, I'd love some acknowledgement that like, people who don't like dogs are constantly just dealing with Dogs. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All the time In la For sure. And they don't get to say anything or they're bad.


I don't know what it's like other places. I mean, I feel like LA would would trend towards the liberal. Definitely. Maybe crazy would be like Portland. Like where you, I imagine Yeah, they're like up on the counter. Yeah. Yeah. Like they, they get seated and everyone's got their, Well you said their husky that you went to a, a pet pet. Durant. Petant. Oh yeah. Yeah. I picked up food and delivered to a dog recently. Yeah. For my other Job. Oh, this is outrageous. Do you wanna hear about Father's Day? Yeah. You know, the tradition at this house is on Mother's Day. Moms get to have a spa day and the dads take the kids away.


So you're pretty much in our house, I think in our pod. If it's your Father's Day or your Mother's Day, you get an indulgent day. Yes. Right? Yep. So mine was, we had just had a guest on one of my funniest favorite moments we've had back to me, loving, being embarrassed. It's a male guest. And myself, we come upon the topic of The Godfather, and then we start the male guest and I start talking about Godfather. And now we're starting to explain to you some things about Godfather. And it hit me all at once. I was like, oh my God, we're Ken from Barbie.


Yeah. Oh my God. Was that funny? You guys were Ken. It was. So we already have been made fun of about it. I know. And we still did it. You couldn't stop yourself. Oh my God's so funny. Yeah. And Embarrassing. It was very funny. So then I decided, oh, I am in the mood to watch Godfather. I haven't in 15 or 20 years. Yeah. We made a group plan to watch it with this guest who doesn't live in this city. So it's gonna take some real planning. Yes. And, but you couldn't wait. So you had to watch it on Father's Day. Well, and I would watch it again next week for sure. If everyone wants to get together. Yeah. But yes, I had two other fathers over and we, I ordered a ton of Italian food.


Oh, nice. Really good Italian Food. Yeah. And watch Godfather. And it was a blast. Both. No, that was the goal. Can't be done. It, it's like three hours long. And we were pausing to go make plates and Yeah. We were making a lot of jokes. It was very fun. Good. But then it was kind of early on the earlier side. It's five. I still have a bunch of leverage. They're basically like, what do you want to do, dad? Hmm. And I said, well, if, if everyone's up for it, I, I would want everyone to be up for it. I would love to watch a movie together as a family. Oh, nice. Let's grab something from the kids list. I keep a list in my phone, kids movies, romancing the Stone.


These movies that I, I know they'll like, yeah. Oh, pirates of the Caribbean. That was recently. Yeah. And so I said to the family, so Yeah. Something off the kids' list. So I was thinking either Rocky or Smokey in the Bandit and goes, when did Rocky get on that kids' movie list? And I was like, oh, I added it. Sure. Because we were watching Friday Night Lights, and I was like, oh yeah, these sports stories are really simple. You know what the goal is and you know the stakes. Yeah. And Rocky was either one best pitcher. It was certainly nominated for best pitcher. Right. It's like an incredible movie. Do we all watch Rocky? It is a great movie. It Holds up. Yeah.


Great. Yeah. There's so much cool stuff about it. The fact that he, you know, the whole story behind Rocky? Yeah. He paid for The Movie. He, he, he had been on, he was completely penniless. He wanted to play Rocky. Rocky. And he turned down a million dollars in 1974. That's right. For a screenplays. And do you know why I know that? Oh boy. Goodwill Hunting. Oh, They referenced that a lot. Oh, they do. So you're watching this guy that really gambled it all And it worked out And it worked out like as big as could work out. Yeah. He was the biggest star for 15 or 20 years. But anyways, I felt like I really, I was FaceTiming with my father-in-law, and when I told him what the day was, godfather, and now we're watching Rocky, he just started laughing so hard.


And I said, my powers are so strong today, aren't they? I've convinced everyone to watch Rocky Good Father's Day. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Did the kids like it? They, They did. They loved it. Good. Yeah. They really, really loved it. There's weird stuff. There's really compelling stuff you have to talk about as a family, which I loved because Have you ever seen it? I don't think so. He's not smart. This is one of the things I like about it. Like, he wrote himself this role, and it's so not vain. Like Rocky is a simple guy. He has to carry his combination to his locker that he's had for six years in his hat, written on a piece of paper. Like he's very simple. Yeah. And Adrian works at a pet shop, and she's like morbidly shy.


Okay. And, and Rocky knows her brother and he keeps trying to date her. He keeps going to the, the pet store, and she's just too shy to deal with it. And he eventually goes on a date with her, and then they, they have this date and then he's, they're at his house and he's like, come inside. And she's like, no, I don't want to come inside rocking. He is like, come on, come inside. Come, come inside. You're gonna like it. And it, she says no, like six times. Right. Oh Boy. Okay. Yeah. So you're watching this with your kitchen. You're like, wow. Well, that this wouldn't be a scene today. Yeah. Start there. Yep. And so she says no. She says no. She says no. And she says yes. Then she comes in and then she wants to leave and he doesn't want her to leave.


And at this point, we, we are now pause to talk about this. And I said, so number one, a woman should never go into a place she doesn't want to go into. She should not have to. Number two, any guy who would not listen to a woman say no three times and keep pushing her to come in is off the table, is a no-no. Right. Three, she is morbidly shy. She's not going to get to this point ever. If some super assertive man doesn't come in and invite her to cross her fear. And in her total life, that's also maybe what she needed for her life isn't that complex.


What do we do with that reality? It's complex. But it is, it's an invisible line. But it, there is a line and I think you gutterly know it. It's just interesting. 'cause I said, you know, the analogy I gave them is like, Jackie did not, Jackie was in love with our dog, Glen. We needed to get rid of Glen. She was in love with him and would not take him because she had such commitment, anxiety. And I literally at one point had to shove him in her hands, and I shut the door and locked it and said, you're taking him home for the night. I Know. I find this story complicated actually. And it's the love of her life.


Yeah. She's thanked me a bunch of times for forcing her to take it. And I knew what would happen the second she got the dog home. But That's the part, it's the part I knew. Yeah. That is complicated. Yeah. And because you hope You're a good judge, you Don't know. You know what I mean? You, you were in that case, right? Yeah. Yeah. But there is no knowing about what a person will or won't Feel. Right. So do you, do you risk never helping the nine people that are, that, that are, you're right about to prevent the one person you're wrong about? I actually think, yeah. Personally, I think if Jackie's gonna let the commitment issue derail her life, it's not really on you to change it.


It's not. But we're, we're, we are a, we are attracted innately to people that we think can get us someplace that can benefit us. Sure. I mean, like, you know, like a lot of betas are, they're super attracted tous because that they desire someone who doesn't have decision anxiety. Yeah. You Know, but that's different from, from forcing you to make a decision. You might, you can be attracted to someone's self-assuredness and confidence in their ability to make decisions. And that is attractive if you aren't good at that. I don't think I, I think But that then, then it crossing over onto you is where that is different to me.


Because I think if you're attracted to that, what ends up happening is you sort of take some of it on by osmosis. Like, you like it, you're seeing it modeled and it looks cool, it looks good. You start te you know, you start trying those pieces on. Yeah. But the forcing is where things get muddy for me. Right. And then you're talking about the, like, the nuance between forcing and pushing Yeah. Mean's like, there, there's a difference in my mind between forcing and pushing, like people do. Some people want to be pushed.


Yeah. They want to to be helped and pushed in a direction. Do they want to be forced? They don't have a decision. No, I don't think so. Right. But I do think people seek out, people they know will push them. Some people love coaches. Like, I'm not this type of person. Right. But there are people that love being coached, love being pushed and yelled at and the whole nine, that's not me. Yeah. I think it's God though. It's so dependent on the person, this Scenario, the outcome. It's dependent on the outcome. Because like for Adrian, she undoubtedly would, if you asked her, she would go, thank God he made me come inside and thank God he didn't let me leave because It worked out. Because yeah. She would've never, ever come out of her, her shell unless someone drug her out.


And then she, she was so happy and loved Rocky so much. That's comp, that's wonderfully Complicated. Very, very complicated. Yes. I love it. Like what a fun thing to hear their opinions about. Yeah. Yeah. So it delivered in a lot of ways. Great. Yeah. Yeah. That's fun. Yeah. Well, I'm glad you had a good father's day. Oh, thank you. Me too. Fathers are fun. Yeah, they can be. I talked to my dad on Father's Day doing good. Was he spoiling himself? No, He had, he had exercised. Oh he did? When I called him. Oh. He exercises every day. Oh Good. He's very disciplined. Yeah. Extremely disciplined. What's his chosen exercise? What do you think?


Naps. He doesn't nap. I've never seen him nap in my entire life. What do I think? Knowing me? Jogging, Walking. Walking. Yeah. He goes on long walks. Plotter. Plotter. Outside and on the treadmill. Well, I like dads. Yeah, me too. You wanna do some facts? Sure. Let's do it. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, If you dare there. Wow. Wow. Brad Pitt. Facts. Who would've thunk that sentence?


Could possibly come outta my mouth. I'm a little scared for us. Like, will die. Yeah. Just like, It's too good. Yeah. Life's too good. This is some suspiciously good Portrait. Well, there's some real suspicious stuff because that day, the day we recorded Brad, we also recorded an episode Super suspicious that it happened to be on that day the subject matter. Yes. And I'm not gonna say what it is yet, but when that episode comes Out, okay, I would be you, you're gonna protect This. Okay, fine. It's on the simulation, It's on the same guys. What are the odds of the day that we have the sim? Then BP walks in. Your dad's getting playful. I dunno if he's getting playful or if we are gonna die. And he's like, let's give him a lot of good stuff before they die.


Let's go Out big. Let's throw pit their way. Let's throw a sym. I'm scared talking About this. I'm getting scared talking about it. What a dream. What a dream. I said it to you. I've said it a couple times, I wanna say it in public. I appreciated you so much in that interview. Yes, you were. You did the perfect job. I was just really, really grateful for the way you just handled the whole two hour Bach. Thank you. There were moments where you could feel that I probably value being on his good side of enough that maybe there's like a next emotional question I would normally follow up with that I was incapable of at times.


Yeah. And right as I was thinking like, oh, I should ask that. I can't, I'm afraid to ask that. Then you would come. It was, it was, it was every time I ever thought that you immediately kind of were there to do that. Oh, That's nice. And that was awesome. You also were like, you knew it was a big day for me. I could see the generosity in your spirit, and then also you would click out of it and go like, no time to make the donuts and you'd make the donuts and you'd hang back and then, and then beyond actually all that stuff. That was for me, selfishly, I was filled with such joy, sincerely that the little girl that was afraid to talk in front of Mike Sure.


Was sitting across from Brad Pitt and letting it rip. Yeah. I just felt so proud of you and happy for you. Thanks. Yeah. Yeah. We've come a really long way. We really have. You were so confident. I just was really happy for how confident you were. Well, BTS You had shit yourself three or four times. Yeah. I had already unloaded. No, I had a whole morning, you know, where I had to talk to myself. Yeah. Steady yourself. Yes. About expectations and knowing it was him and knowing that there was a chance that I really wasn't gonna, this, it's hard to, that I, I might not be able to say much.


I could feel myself when I would think about that getting upset. Yeah. Like, I should be able to say stuff and I am gonna, I'm big enough. Yeah. And I'm gonna do it. But also I'm not like he, I doubt there's a gonna be space and how will I do how, you know? And it was starting to happen and then I had to really like take a second and, and, and say like, this is a big, this is such a big deal for us. Yeah. Not just you for us. Yeah, yeah, yeah. As a show. And it's kind of like the thing, it's kinda like before Matt, David, when me and you were in a fight Mm.


And you said, don't let this fight. Fuck up your big day. Get in the way of this moment. Yeah. Yeah. And you need to be present for this moment. Yeah. And I, I've sort of circled back to that. Like, this is just a big day for us and it is a big marker of the show and it's something to be proud of regardless of what I singularly do. So, and just enjoy it. Yeah. And be excited. And, and also because I guess, you know, making not having space was highly possible because this is your dream guest.


This is what you've sort of been looking forward to for seven and a half years. Yeah. Yeah. And you guys ha also have a short shorthand, you know, each other kind of Yeah. It would've made kind of, kind of. Yeah. Yeah. So anyway, I was then very, very grateful that it did not feel like that at all. It felt like there was plenty of space for me. It did not feel like you were, like, if I spoke, you were like, sing us. Yeah. We're off story. Yes. I have a whole arc plan. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I was having my own ruminations in the morning as one one would have. And I, yeah. My thing was like, you gotta prioritize the audience and not you.


Because recently I did prioritize me hanging with a guest and we left and I was like, I could have, I could have gotten a lot more outta that person. That would've been more rewarding for the audience. But I was definitely, I have prioritized my own Yeah. Experience. I was like, so we can't do that today. Dax Dax Shepherd. Yeah. Had a whole laundry list. I had at that point, I'd watched enough interviews with him. I saw him and Adam Sandler talking for an hour and a half from what I saw immediately. He is like, he is so fucking allergic to you saying he is good and stuff. Like, he just doesn't like it. Yep. I went, I gotta get through two hours with this guy and not fallen over him. Yeah. That's a deal breaker.


Because I had a lot of deal breakers going in. Sure. Yeah. Well, it went great and It, it was at all. But, and I'll, I'll just, I'll credit and thank him. He showed up like so casual, feeling good, relaxed. And he, he put us at ease Nicely. Yeah. He really did. He is such a nice guy. He is. And it was great. And we all had fun. We had a ton of fun. That's all we can ask. Yeah. I wanted him to stay forever, but he had to carry on and promote This. We kept him way past the amount of time we were supposed to. And Yeah. That was another thing. I was, I was like, I was juggling in my head, I'm like, 90 minutes, I don't know. I'm gonna have to read him and see if he's cool going over. Yeah.


Boy did we blow by that 90? We didn't look back. We Kept on going. Okay. The one thing that I, so before he came, we were getting kind of worked up into a lather. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like really feeling Well. And then I, well this will remain a mystery. So I text him like 14 minutes before he was to arrive, Hey, this is the gate code if you wanna just pull right in. Yeah. And then he wrote like, bueno. Yeah. And then he wrote, oh, is that today? And I wrote, ha ha ha ha ha. But then I'm like, I don't know if that's ha ha ha. I know. We don't know. Still. We don't Know. Yeah. But suffice to say we did have 10 minutes while we were waiting for him to get here, where we were just sitting Yeah.


Waiting to do the thing we've been thinking about all day long. And for me, three weeks maybe. Yeah. Our whole lives. Yes. Yes. But so then when he walked in, you, you went out and you got him, and then you guys walked in and I, you know, I get up to go introduce myself and this part's embarrassing. I was gonna cut it, but I left it so people can see it if they want to. I like stuck my hand out to shake his hand. Yeah. And he, his hands were like full. I missed that part. So he like had to like kind of put down his coffee and he had, and he was like, oh, my hands are wet. And so I, but I just had my hand out straight and you weren't moving it for the whole time.


All this was happening. And I thought, put your hand, but then you have to put it back up. So just leave it. Yeah. This is the stress. And then I yelled at you for not hugging him. You did. I think that's in there. I didn't even hear that. No, That was with another heart Thro. That was another heart. Thro. And then you hugged him at the end. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. But then you hugged Brad at the end too. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, so that was bad. That was the worst part, the handout. Mm. Rough start. Yep. But then it, then it was fine. Yeah. Then he was just a regular old boy. What did you say though? You said something, then you go, oh, this is off the wrong, on the wrong foot.


Yeah. But you came hot. You came hot. What was it? No, I said, I said I stepped in it already. Yeah. Do you remember what it was about? Yes, I do. And actually it leads into my first fact. Okay. So the first fact is you asked if he was wearing a waffle. Oh, waffle shirt. He's wearing his brand God's true Cashmere, which you're also wearing. And I actively did not wear. I have the shorts. They're so cute. And I actively did not wear that. But it's like when I was with Gwyneth and like I didn't wear goop on purpose. Yeah. It's that move. Yeah. Your famous move. It's like one of my moves. Yeah.


So he's wearing, I'm pretty sure. So I'm on the site right now and I think he's wearing the Ian Melange cashmere shirt. It is not a ruffle a wall ruffle. It's not a waffle. Okay. I think that's the one. It's either that one or the a Azure cashmere shirt. Mm. Now no one's gonna like this. Both of those are sold out. Ah. Yeah. Anyway, if you wanna look like me, my shorts are the, I love the origin story of God's true Kme, Emerald.


Cashmere surf Short is what I have. And it is so cute. What happened is he was telling the explanation of God's true cashmere. And I said, oh, you said, oh, I thought like, I think the assumption is it's you That you're the God. And he Was like, what? He did not like that. No. I was like, well, I know he hates compliments if he gets told he is God. But it was, But it was, I thought it was sweet because his shock and horror That he would do something with It. Yeah. That anyone would think that was actually very endearing. I agree. So It was worth it. And I did think that you did, and I just had to be honest. I appreciate your honesty. I did not think that, Well, for whatever reason, you were right.


For once You, He mentioned that maybe he, Robert Downey Jr. Was wearing a zoot suit. Mm. And 'cause it said weird science. Yeah. But actually the term zoot suit is primarily associated with Robert Downey. Senior's filmed Greasers Palace About Zoot suit guys, I guess, Do you know about Zoot suits? It says he didn't wear a zoot suit in weird science. Do you know what a zoot suit is? Yeah. Okay. Right. And like LA gangsters wore Zoot suits. Yeah. We learned about them. I don't know why in college the suits were first associated with African Americans and communities such as Harlem, Chicago, and Detroit in the thirties.


But were made popular nationwide by jazz and jump blues musicians in the forties. Okay. In The Movie Adaptation, the Ghost Orchid. The Ghost Orchid is The flower. Mm. It says the film uses the idea of finding your flower, your soulmate or passion as a metaphor for life's journey. That's an incredible movie. I don't know when the last time you watched that is. I don't know if I've ever seen it. Oh, it's exceptional. But what's so great is, in the same way I love Fall Guy, it's like acknowledging the meta reality that they're in a movie, making a movie, trying to figure out the story of The Movie. It's just so satisfying. Yes. And he is reading this very famous writing book, how to Called Story, the most famous screenwriting book there is.


It's like the Bible. Oh, Is it like Save the Cat? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So he is struggling to write a script about this orchid hunter, and The Movie is about him trying to figure out how to write this script. And he has a twin brother who's like a hack, and he goes to a story book convention. Oh. And he's like, oh, it's so easy to write. And he's like getting stuff sold. Oh. And it's like it's, it's talking about all the rules in story as it's breaking the rules in story. That, which is really fun. That's great. That is great. Yeah. It's very, very meta in the most satisfying way. Oh, I love that. Yeah.


Okay. The Harlem Globe Trotters, the original Harlem Globe Trotters founded in 1926, basketball Team. Oh, I guess he didn't meet the Originals. Exactly. That's what I'm, unfortunately he needs, He needs to know, Although he mentioned Curly and Curly's in this mix, and he's from 1942, born in 1942. I think I mentioned Curly, and I think the characters recycled, I think new basketball players came in. But these roles that the Harlem Globe Trotters had, I think they might have recycled What? No, his name is Curly Neil. Yeah. And I, when I was a kid, there was a curly as well that was in the Harlem Globe. Trott. Really? I'm pretty sure It said the first lineup included players like Walter Toots, Wright Byron, fat Long Willis Kid, Oliver, Andy Washington, and Al Run Pullins.


Hmm. There's nothing in there about the character's. Rec recycled Frederick Curley Neal. Yeah. I Don't know. I think there was only one. Okay. Yeah, it's weird. I knew that one played For 22 Seasons. Sweet l Dunbar. Well, I think I know Sweet Lou. I think he maybe mentioned Sweet L, mainly Curly and Sweet L and a bunch of others. They were kind of gone by the time you were on the scene. I've Heard of them. Yeah. There would be ads all over when they came to your city. A big deal. They sell Like, because they did like tricks and stuff, right? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. And they'd always played the same team and it's like big time wrestling, but with basketball. Yeah. Yeah. That's fun.


That's It. That's everything. So Brad Pitt done. Noah Wiley not done yet. Not done Yet, but hopefully Nick Cage still out there. Yeah, we have Leo. There's still, we still got some, we still got good old Tay. Yeah. She's always gonna be on the hook. Jay-Z. That's right. Yeah. Okay. Thanks to all those people. Yeah. Thanks for keeping us going. All right. Love you. Love you.


Follow Armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at wondery.com/survey.