
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert Experts on Expert. I'm Dan Rather. And I'm joined by Leslie Stahl. And today our guest is Chris Nowinski. He is a neuroscientist and author and a retired professional wrestler. We've been just accumulating bizarre origin stories, but bizarre might not be the right word. Super fascinating origin Stories. Unusual. Unusual, which is probably the definition of bizarre. If you look it up, probably says unusual. Yeah, I've been thrilled. Thrilled to have Chris Nowinski on. I've been wanting to have someone on to talk about CTE for a long time. You Love CTE. It's your favorite topic. The dream scenario would be a CTE episode of the Pit.


Oh My God. I'm surprised They didn't, Didn't do That. They'll season two. I hope So. It got a season two. It's like rushing a season two. Of course. John Wells is a legend. Okay. He has a book called Head Games Football's Concussion Crisis. And if you want to get involved with the Concussion Legacy Foundation, concussion foundation.org. This is a really, really interesting episode and his story is second to none. Please enjoy Chris Nowinski.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card today and start earning up to 3% daily cash back on everyday purchases. And that daily cash can even grow automatically when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. What are you waiting for? Visit apple.co/card calculator today to see how much daily cash you can earn. Subject to credit approval savings available to Apple card owners subject to eligibility, savings. And Apple Card by Goldman Sachs. Bank, USA member FDIC. Terms and more@applecard.com.


We are supported by Addie Phin, the Little pink pill. Ask your doctor if the FDA approved little pink pill Addie is right for you. See full prescribing information, medication guide and boxed warning regarding severe low blood pressure and fainting in certain settings@adi.com slash pi or call 8 4 4 Pink Pill.


He's an, Do you know that author David Sedaris? Yes. Our greatest gift this whole show has given us is we've interviewed him like six times and he sends us postcards. Oh. And that postcards from Saris is like, But he writes, He writes them from all over the world. It's Such a throwback to a better life. Where are you coming in from? I live In Florida now. Oh, you do What city in Florida. Boynton Beach. Where's Boynton Beach? It's north of Boca, south of Palm Beach.


Okay. Near My wife's family so that I can be living to dream on the road. Do You have kids? Six and four. Kenzie and Charlie. Okay. So yeah, you definitely need grandma and grandpa around. They're doing a great job helping. Yeah, we did it without a grandma and grandpa, but thank God my sister lives next door, so Oh yeah. Helping. My God, this is incredible. No, she said this is for P baby part two. No, for this Space. Oh, that's a deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep. That is a real listener. A real orange. So cute. My God. How does one get, She probably invented it. Oh, What do you call it when you commissioned? Oh yeah. Did you commission? She commissioned This. It took years to build. Oh. And you have to pee in the tank because the lid doesn't open.


Of course. Oh wow. That's so perfect For us. She's gonna be so happy with with that Reaction. Oh my God, That is incredible. Wow. And does this say explicitly for P baby? Yes. Oh my God. You wouldn't know the story behind P Baby. I Gotta explain to Guy. I don't go back that deep. Yeah, Of course. Don't Expect very early days. P baby. We barely go back that deep. Sometimes. We've completely Forgotten. We forget. Okay. So where did you move from to this area of Florida? I was in Boston for 25 years. But you're from Chicago ish. From Chicago, right? Yeah. What suburb? Have you already bonded with Robbie about this? Yes. Yeah. I grew up in Oak Park and in Arlington Heights. Which right by him in Offman Estates. Okay. What did mom and dad do there? My dad worked in hotel restaurant management.


So when I was growing up, he was at Northwestern Food Service. Oh, the College? Yes. That's actually my first love of football was going on Saturday mornings. He'd have to work and I'd get to go sit with the football team while they had breakfast. Mm. Can you imagine like all the cereals being lined out? Like it was like a dream. Yeah. And watching guys probably consume like seven, 8,000 calories before practice. You're very Chicago. Thank you. Yeah. I thought I lost it. No, right. Rob Be like, nice. He could be standing next to DKA and look like his son. Maybe you know that. Very Midwestern. It's a nice Big white boy vibe. Yeah. Yeah. I'm from Detroit, so we have our variety as well. Yeah. We consider ourselves brothers state wise, right?


Yes, Absolutely. Also a high rate alcoholism is standard. Yeah. Well my dad's family is Milwaukee. My mom's family's East Lansing. Oh. Oh yeah. So deep Michigan. A lot of time in Kalamazoo grown up. Oh My goodness. I just, I won't bore you with it, but No, I'm gonna bore you with it. I drove around with a homeless guy for an hour and a half interviewing him and the only reason he trusted me to get him was 'cause he was from Kalamazoo and I was from Michigan. Wow. What was in Kalamazoo? Just great ants. Okay. So you Such a weird thing you just said with no context. I Know. I kind of like it that way. Just leave that hanging until maybe one of the mysteries revealed. Okay. So you played a lot of sports. I'm sure mom and dad were supportive of all the sports. Yes. And you excelled at football.


I did. And then you ended up going to Harvard to play football. Yes. Now walk me through the selection process. Like would you have been good enough to go play at Notre Dame and then you decided No, I really want the education. I Wish it was that good. I was good enough to play at Eastern Michigan. Okay, great. And northern Illinois. The Mac was interested and luckily my high school coach said, listen, if Harvard invites you to come, you don't turn them down. Right. Yeah. Smart. What kind of grade point did you have coming outta high school? Five and change? I don't know. Wait, You can get a five. We had a five Point scale. Grade inflation was happening. You Were a really good student. I Was a student first. Okay. Five. And change sounds nuts. I've never heard it go to five.


I've heard like four point fours with all the AP classes. It's 'cause of Yeah. AP It's, It's inflated by ap. All ap. We Were on a five plus ton ap. Yeah. Yeah. Classes. Yeah. Okay. You're likable, right? Did you pay any penalty for being that smart? Were you like a nerd? Were you getting shoved in the hallway? No. Luckily I got big. So I was the jock and I was a nerd. I don't wanna go that deep. I had a high pity of myself in high school. Okay, Good. Cocky, little cocky. It Does cocky. Did you have this thing? 'cause I was in a few AP classes and I definitely think that first day of the AP class, a lot of the kids were like, oh god, how embarrassing. He's in the wrong class and he doesn't know it. Do you think you were getting any of that when you would walk into these AP classes? Like oh fuck. The center of the football team's in the wrong class. I mean, no one on the football team was in my AP class.


This Is, I'll say, Say for real. Yeah. And the highest honors. I remember looking in my high school, it was all women and me. It was like 30 women. Wow. That was weird. So I could think it was just accepted that I was there. I did get that at Harvard though. So I do remember football shows up two weeks early as practice and then the rest of the students show up and we're in the dining hall and would last. 'cause we came from practice with boisterous and I hear somebody say a couple people in front of me. Oh, I thought we left those guys behind in high school. Yeah. Yeah. If I were them, I would be like, oh that's fuck the jock here too. Isn't that when we work so hard? You Gonna get shoved into a locker in college. Sorry, nerds. They're always around. What was the Harvard experience like? Was it incredible?


It was the best. You're just around the most motivated, talented people you can imagine. And so it's just infectious. Is the football team competitive? I don't know anything about it. Yes. Forgive my ignorance. I never see them in like a Rose Bowl or anything. No, no, No. We haven't won since 1909. Oh boy. Okay. So don't be bad appalled that I'm asking you how good They're Yes. We at that point we were one double A and I was part of a big turnaround to the Harvard program. Now they're one of the best perennially in now what's called FCS. Don't jump out of the couch and tackle me. Are they division one? So There's no more Division one. Oh, there's not. That's the thing. Like they totally screwed up football. So it's football bowl series. FBS. Okay. And football championship series. FC S's the old one.


Aa. There's a tournament at the end versus bowl games. Okay. And Harvard plays all these teams I'm familiar with. Yeah. No, no. We didn't play Them. No. How familiar are you with Lehigh? Sorry not to knock on Lehigh, but let's do it. What Is Lehigh? It's a nice school in Pennsylvania. Nice. Can't get Into Harvard. Oh, an equestrian first school. A great. Be some squash program across. Okay. Yeah. Well there was a really interesting who, oh, Malcolm Gladwell just recently wrote about the absurdity of the numerous sports at Harvard that they have more sports than any other school. So that there's so many routes in. Yes, exactly. Yeah. Anywho. Alright, so you loved it. What degree did you pick up at Harvard?


Sociology. So I saw you were an anthropologist. I love it. The same distance between Detroit and Chicago. Really? Yeah. Academically between you. It was very close. I started sociology. 'cause my perception was I was trying to figure out what was important in the world and sort of stripped down what I was told was important growing up. I was outside Chicago versus what it really is. What do I really care about? What are my values? Was It culture shockey at Harvard? I mean, I guess you were around Northwestern the kitchens, Right? Without man idea with the Classrooms. What honors program. Right? That's true. Nevermind. You were shoe in the Culture shock for me was wealth. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Did you have friends that were like, you want to get on the jet and go to Martha's Vineyard? With my family, I wasn't invited, but I heard about it. You know, it Was talking about that. Taking the helicopter down to do Port Rhode Island for the weekend to the mansion.


The first time you're asked, where do you Summer. Yeah. Summer's averse. You Never forget that feeling. You don't know how to answer it, then they pity you. Right. Okay. So how on earth do you get on this MTV show? Oh, another thing we have in common? Yes. Oh yeah. Oh my God. Ding, dinging, ding, ding, ding. What's the timing? Crossover. He's much younger than me. Nine years maybe. Are you 41? No, but thank you. I'm 46. Oh. Oh. Not that he still in the seventies. You were born in seventy nine, seventy eight. All right, we're doing good. Okay. So yeah, how do you end up on MCV? So I took a real job outta Harvard Life Sciences Consulting, working for pharma, biotech companies. Oh yeah. Drug development stuff. Intellectually challenging, but not what I was looking for. I was working for them during senior year, making side money.


And we would talk wrestling. I became a really big fan that year Growing up. Did you love WWBF and Hulk Hogan? It wasn't allowed in my house. So I had two sisters and I was the only boy, so my mom could control that. You're not watching wrestling. Okay. I'd go to the cousins, I'd catch it. Or the cartoons. So I knew a little bit, but it wasn't a childhood thing. But summer of 99, I lived with five guys in like a two bedroom, one bath for football. And we watched Monday night raw and smack down, and I got hooked. 'cause it was like the rock and stone cold or like Oh Wow. Peak. Oh yeah, yeah. Golden age. Yeah. It was amazing. So a lunch conversation says, you know, if you don't get drafted in the NFL. 'cause I was a distant prospect. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think he'd make a great wrestler. Would he ever try that? He knew people because he'd consulted. I think when Vern Gya was trying to sell the A WA Outta Minnesota Deep Cut.


He's like, all right, if you don't get drafted, let me know. I don't get drafted. He said, I'll make a call. He calls Jerry Jarret, who ran the Memphis Territory, who calls JJ Dillon runs talent for WCW and they say, Hey, we've got this six five Harvard guy. I think it'll be good. Oh, wow. And so suddenly I've got a plane ticket before we even graduated to Atlanta to the power plant where Mr. Wonderful Paul Orndorff just beats me up for a day Just to train you like a tryout. Okay, great. Not in front of anybody. No. I gotta imagine you're appealing. You have the size. Great. You have athleticism, but what a story. You're from Harvard. They're gonna hate your fucking guts. It's like a built-in story. Yes. Although I didn't realize at the beginning I was only gonna be a heel if they found out I went to Harvard. Okay. Okay. So that's where the reality show part comes in. Then the test was they would just make you run the ropes till your side's bleeding.


They would just see if you're tough. Yeah. That wouldn't even like performance or anything. And I passed it. I needed shoulder surgery. They're like six months when you're healthy, give us a call. By the way, you're 22. I'm 21. You're 21. You need your first shoulder Surgery second. I know. Oh Lord. AC separation. No impingement syndrome. Oh, okay. I was getting shots while I was doing my training. Another Thing, I've had three. Oh yeah. Wow. This grow rock a tally. I hope we fuse at the end of this. Okay, so you needed surgery. Yeah. Maybe You two should make a pee baby. We should it explode out the toilet. This first trimester, it'd be 12 pounds. So w said's going out of business.


By the time I'm healthy, the hiring freeze and Ted Turner thing falls apart. So I'm working part-time in this consulting firm. I find Killer Kowalski's Wrestling School. I'm gonna go in old school. I'm going nights and weekends. So then WWE and MTV partnered to create tough enough to sort of bring in the MTV crowd to WWE E. And it was just after Real World season three, but it's hot and survivor's hot. This is so early in reality show that we had no last names in the show. 13 people live in a house train with WWE for 13 weeks. Oh my Wow. And have their whole life filmed. But old school, 24 hours surveillance. Yeah. Yeah. Did you have a romantic? No, there's no women there. Right. Of course, they kept it. It was MTV. They wanted that. So it was eight guys, five girls. Okay. They two are on the wrestling track.


Yeah. And was there any romance happening in the house? No. Oh. Oh, they didn't get you drunk enough. They probably hadn't cracked the formula yet. Yeah, exactly. The prize was a three year contract. And so everyone sort of knew if you're spending your time not focused on the business. Yeah. But There's always romance, even when there's Involved. I Would found time as people smartened up reality show, they might've realized it'd be good for tv. Yeah. For them to Do that. That's what I'm saying. They would've gotten you hammered on the introduction and then, oh, everyone in the pool, the next Everyone in Bikinis. Yeah. This is what year? 99. So this was 2001. Okay. What was the value of a three year contract at that time with ww? We had no leverage. So I think it was like a a hundred thousand, 150,000 a year deal or something. Okay. Nothing Crazy.


So 30 to 50 grand a year? A year per year. Okay. It's so bad. They paid us 600 bucks a week to do the show. And then one person gets dangled. When You're 21, you're gonna make 450,000. That's great. Yeah. Of the people that were on this show, how many got that contract? Two. One male, one female. And you got, you didn't get the contract. I'm sorry. Wait, but you did end up in wwe. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So you didn't get the contract. What then happened? And the Only reason why now that we look back Yeah. Is because hindsight, well, the show was meant to bring in the wrestling crowd. And so third week of the show, there's two Chrises on the show. They can't differentiate us. Oh. And so they tell everyone, start calling him Chris Harvard. Oh. 'cause everyone just called me Harvard.


Oh shit. Because I was the only Harvard guy that ever met. And I didn't realize that that would be your Heel forever. I wouldn't be a dick, but maybe the only college grad there. Yeah. That would be my guess, Joe. I'm glad you said it. I'm glad you said it. El us on. This is why we lost. I know you said it. You're the one that said it out loud. Yeah. Okay. So the show ends. How big was the show? Were people recognizing you and stuff? It was the number one show on MTV that year. It Was, I'm really upset. I missed It. Were you gonna bars in Boston? And people were like so excited. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's so cool. Oh, what a fun time. Yeah. But I was the bad guy in the show. They added me to be a total Oh villain. So I didn't get that kind of reaction. It was more like, oh, that guy's here, You're in Boston. Are dudes trying to challenge you at the bar?


No, Thank God. Yeah. Thank God I haven't been in a lot of real fights. So yeah, I went and worked the wrestling scene, went back to the old job, and then I get a call like, all right, come do a tryout match around the WrestleMania stuff in Toronto. And so I go work some matches and they're like, Oh yeah, move to Cincinnati. You're going into the minor leagues. So I got the contract and then two months into that, they're like, all right, you're going on the Monday at Raw. And I'm like, okay, I've only had 30 matches in my life, but I'm ready. Whoa. Yeah. Were you ready? You weren't ready. Well, I mean, I survived as We'll learn. You have a big injury. Is that your fault or his? I'll Take the blame. It's A dance. Yeah. But it's multiple hits over time. So some of them are my fault, some of them were not and they accumulated. Okay. So this is a question that's been really eating me alive, and you're one of the few people that can really answer this.


So we were in Mexico City over Christmas and we went to the wrestling down there. Lu Libre. I mean, it is wild. I'm watching one Match and I'm like, these guys, there's no way they can walk for like two weeks. It's over and over onto the concrete. It's so violent. So what was the violence level in WWE E compared to football? It was night and day. Football's way worse. Oh, okay. Because Football, you're actually colliding and wrestling, you're trying not to hurt anybody. Right, right. But I was also there at the time where we're as safe as we are today. And so it was real chair shots to the head. And don't put your hand up anymore. You're a coward. That sounds worse. And there's high flying stuff that goes wrong now All the time. This Is what I was seeing. Monica guys were running and leaping out of the ring onto the cement floor that would at that point be probably 10 feet below them with that fucking two inch mat on the ground.


Good luck. Very small margin of error. It's like million stunts in a row, but you don't rehearse it and you just sort of, oh my hope God, Because they're all improv. Right. All these matches. Yeah. Which I think is fascinating. Yeah. Did you watch the McMahon documentary? Yeah. What a doc. Huh? I Think I didn't it? Were you in it? Oh, This is embarrassing. That's not too embarrassing. There's about 150 guys in. We hadn't met Yet. No, that's right. I'll check dots for you. Yeah, yeah. Oh no. You were in for the CTE stuff. Yes. Story. Nobody cares about my wrestling career. I mean, this is most have been asked about in a long time. I know you Seen the ct. Yeah. So I guess that was a stupid question. Did you watch it? But did you deal with McMahon at all in that period? Yeah. I mean, he was guy who hired Me. And was he just a good time, Charlie? Was he fine to work for?


Yeah, if you liked you, it was fine. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So you cut to the point. You get a pretty gnarly concussion. You get kicked in the head and what happens? So I Got a bad concussion, but it didn't get better. So I learned later on, I've been getting concussions, playing sports, and wrestling for a long time. I didn't realize they were concussions. I wasn't educated on them. So I thought like as long as my vision went normal or the headache went away, I was okay. Yeah. What was the conventional measure of whether someone was concussed or not worry? Bl flurry Ion was one. Yes. And speech impediment. Back then it was if you were knocked out, that was a concussion. And then if you weren't knocked out, it was a gray area. You know, you didn't take it too serious. If you'd still play, you'd never go tell a doctor.


It would never get into the system. So it wouldn't count. But this last one, my head was just throbbing all the time. I couldn't remember anything. And so I kept wrestling for a few matches until they sort of realized something really wrong with you. Why don't you take some time off? Was Your balance fucked up and your coordination? Yeah. So you're now a liability to yourself because you're not functioning correctly. Right. So where did that take you? I took A few weeks off and then I, apparently I learned, I was accidentally put on the roster for the next weekend shows. And I thought that was a test of like get back to work. I went into the doctor and I'm like, I'm fine, even though I wasn't fine. Yeah. And I went and wrestled again for a few more weeks and I sort of went into the ground. I stopped only because the match I was supposed to do. My manager on the road, Teddy long called ahead and they're like, he's not making sense on the plane.


Don't let him wrestle. And then that night in the hotel room, I had my first instance of REM behavior disorder. Tell me about that. Do you know about this? Tell me. You know how when you're dreaming in your mind, you're moving around and all that stuff, but your body turns off your limbs that broke. And so I turned back on and so I would act it out. My first dream girlfriend I was with at the time was in the room, said she woke up to me standing on the bed trying to climb the wall, couldn't wake me up. And I remember in my dream something was falling. I had to catch it. And she washed with headfirst in the wall. Oh, through the nightstand. My God. And not wake up for another two minutes. Then I woke up and I'm like, that's chaos. And she's crying and screaming and Oh, I'm scared to go to sleep. I woke up the next day, I went and told making man what happened to me? And I go, you're not wrestling until we figure this out.


And by then I'd just done too much And it didn't get better. Okay. Not to spoil or alert, you become a neuroscientist. Am mirror marking that. But let me just ask you really quick. As I recall from biology in college, I was told that all of the cells in your body are somatic. They go through mitosis, but your brain cells do not. They're gray cells and they don't repair. Is that still what we think? Tell me what happens with the cells in your brain. They can Repair, but when they die, they don't come back. They are different from the rest of your somatic cells. Yeah. Well I only know brain. They don't care about the body Fuck anything that what's down Here. But the idea is you don't get new brain cells. Now we know you do get some new brain cells.


There's some neurogenesis, but it's not nearly as much as we would want it to be. Yeah. So when you get like a severe brain injury, you don't come back. You might build new pathways, new dendritic connections to compensate. Right. You're gonna relocate to a non damaged area of your brain, some motor control or some other thing. Yeah. You build a new network to take over. The neuron is gonna get eaten up by the brain's gone and new neuron's not coming. Its place filling and making those thousands of connections. Okay. So given that, what was the method to repair the condition you had Back in 2003? We didn't really do concussion rehab. I was just sort of like, sit in a dark room until you feel better. We've now learned that doesn't really help. And so I just never got better. So I basically would act out my dreams every other night. And it was chaos. I was taking medicine to be sedated and I had a chronic headache all the time.


And so after this 12 months of hell, I told them, even if I do get better, I'm probably not coming back to wrestle. If I actually can get rid of this pain, I don't wanna lose it. You're really knowing now, unfortunately, the preciousness of that. Yeah, exactly. Now I'm the idiot who went to Harvard and then destroyed his brain. Right. Because he wanted to have some fun being a pro wrestler. Oh Man. Yeah. I did have a really gnarly concussion wakeboarding. And I had amnesia for like 14 hours. Oh wow. And I was on like a three minute loop and I had the MRI and looked in there and yeah, it was gnarly. What was The question you kept asking? I Would see, I'm in Michigan, but I know I live in California and I'm with my then girlfriend of nine years. And I would say, why am I in Michigan?


And then my mom was there too. 'cause they were all taking me to the hospital. You're home for my birthday. Why don't I remember that You were wake boarding, you hit your head. And then I would say, oh. So it's like the episode of Gilligan's Island where I get hit in the hell with a coconut and I just gotta get hit in the head with a coconut again. No laughing. And then I go, that's kind of funny. Have I said that before? Yeah. You've said that like 40 times. Crying. Then why am I in Michigan? Come outta the crying straight back. And I was just on this loop for like 14 hours and then it stopped. And then all those memories that had been happening during that 14 hours were becoming clear. That's a very common thing. I'll share a similar story 'cause it's actually in that book I just gave you, just because it's so wild.


That happened to B Ray Dudley, a wrestler tables, LA chairs match. He forgot his mother died. Yeah. Recently. And apparently was going around the show asking people, how's my mother doing? And they all knew she died. He kept reliving his mother's death over and over again until someone figured out. Guys stop answering the question. Yeah. Yes, yes, yes. Okay. So when do you decide that you are going to go back to school and get a PhD in this? Well, did it ever get better? That's a good question. Thank you for asking. I am feeling a lot better. Okay. I'm presuming it's better you sitting here. Yeah. But you said it never got Better. I still have the REM behavior once in a while. Okay. I wake up thinking I'm choking to death. I always think something's wrong with my throat. The headaches are mostly gone, but it's more than a decade. I'm doing better.


Thank you. So the reason I dick shifted, I'm so happy you're better, Chris. Yeah. The reason I shifted is because, so there's a doctor played a very important role in my life. Dr. Bob Cantu, he was the eighth Doctor W sent me to, but the first one to help me understand what I was going through. 'cause every other doctor would ask me This concussion a few months ago, your first one. I'm like, yeah, because I'd never been told by someone in a white coat. I had a concussion. He was the first one to say, well, how many times you been hit in the head and you saw stars, you forgot where you were, you're dizzy or confused. And I was like, oh, that happens all the time. It's like every Day, every couple weeks Of a bunch of stories of wrestling matches and football things. So he goes, okay, well if you had a lot of concussions, it sounds like you didn't take any time off 'cause you weren't diagnosed. I'm like, no. He goes, those two things are bad and they can lead to what you're going through post-concussion syndrome.


And I'm like, really? How am I a Harvard grad who'd been banging my head for 19 years and having no idea what a concussion was that bothered me? And he is like, I don't know what the hell means long term. The data's questionable. So I'm like, all right, well I'm gonna figure this out. So I took what I'd learned from that consulting job, and I went over to the Harvard Medical School library and I started reading every study ever published on concussions to look for the secret. Wow. Right. And as I'm digging into that, I'm realizing, oh, we've actually known for a hundred years that concussions are bad. We used to take care of it much more seriously than we did before. Oh really? The really 1950s, the Harvard team doctor for the football program said three concussions in your lifetime and you can't play here anymore. You should retire. Wow. That's how serious was in the fifties. So what Happened, the thing that I could pick up was the NFL was orchestrating a nice big tobacco coverup about it.


And it sparked many times throughout their life. But in the nineties when Steve Young and Troyan both had problems, they said, all right, we're gonna take care of this. And they started a concussion committee full of friendly doctors who were now publishing research in the medical journal, neurosurgery saying, there's nothing wrong with concussions. We put half our guys back in who are knocked unconscious. None of them had died. Therefore, there's no long-term effects. And no one's ever developed any problems long term. And I knew how to read the studies and I was like, well, these studies are designed to show that finding. If you had to retire midseason from a concussion, they couldn't follow up with you legally. 'cause you were no longer part of the NFL. You would just drop out of the study. You died on the field, you wouldn't fall out. All undesirable data would be jettisoned from the study. Yeah.


So I got pissed. And so working with Dr. Candu learning about all this, I said, all right, I'm gonna write a book about this. And that became this book, Head Games football's concussion crisis that said, a concussions are much worse than realized. B, there's this thing ct, the tooth cases have been found. And by the way, the NF L'S covering this up. So that was oh six when that came out. Got a $4,000 advance. Wow. I paid $21,000 for libel insurance. Yeah. 'cause what the bill was doing. Yeah. But luckily I Was right. Okay. So when do you pick up your PhD In 2017. Oh, okay. So it's a long leap. And it iss, because I started nonprofit, started the research center at Boston University School of Medicine. But I was the guy who just got brains for a brain bank. And literally they had an office and they were like, Hey, as long as you're in the building, why don't you just go down the hall and get a PhD?


'cause the shine's gonna wear off of the interesting ex athlete. Yes. Yes. Okay. So what is a concussion? A concussion is a traumatic brain injury that changes the way your brain functions. And does it have to require swelling? How would one test For it? There is no objective test. It's still a clinical diagnosis. But basically there's two things happening. One is there's a chemical cascade and metabolic changes that happen from the energy going through your brain or from your neuron stretching or exon stretching and all these things happening. And then there's also, in probably most cases, physical damage, but not stuff that we can pick up on a standard MRI. Will you tell me more about the chemical aspect? The Great work was done at UCLA.


I'm not shocked. Much Better than Harvard department. It's interesting. I hadn't heard that. Just to explain, you have 80 some billion neurons in your brain. They have long projections. Some of them go from your brain down to the bottom of your spinal cord. And they're one 20th width of a human hair. When they stretch, they get injured and they open up your channels. So you get too much calcium flooding inside of your neuron potassium flooding outside your neuron. It's not operating. So It's, it is becoming porous through the stretching. So now all these chemicals that are inside of it and outside of it, start dancing around. Yes. And the calcium's affecting your mitochondria. You can't produce energy. The electrical signals aren't working Right. You get restricted blood flow. The whole thing just sort of is malfunctioning. But it all depends on where it's malfunctioning and how much your brain's impacted to determine symptoms.


Okay. So that's why some concussions, you can't remember things. Yeah. 'cause parts of your memory are impaired. But other times it's because you can't see because your visual cortex is impacted. Are there regions of the brain that are more prone to this damage? When you see concussions, does any area over index? Well, your frontal lobe is more sensitive to the trauma. It's big. It's right in front. If Your brain was a sphere, you'd be a lot better off. But because it's not quite shaped like that and your frontal lobe is sort of hanging off to the front, when your brain moves violently, those axons are more likely to get stretched and twisted, not well designed for trauma. And it's also tethered in the back down to your spinal cord and your brain stem. So it's flopping around in there. Okay. Now, when I got mine, they put me in the MRI or the ccan or whatever the fuck I got.


And what they were looking for particularly is they told me, well, your brain has swollen and the swelling has probably caused some pressure against the area of your brain that has these short-term memories. Or that's why, until it un swells, that's what's gonna go on. And then we're looking for bleeding. They're looking for bleeding for sure. To make sure you don't die. Right. 'cause if you're hemorrhaging in your brain, you can't feel they gotta get in there. Right. And they gotta release that. Or else you're gonna have some real long-term problems or could die. So that's what you're usually looking for. But your brain doesn't swell too much. Okay. From a standard concussion, most people will never swell. Okay. So maybe mine, they just were scaring me. Trying to convince you not to go wakeboarding the next day. Yeah. I Haven't been since they didn't have to say much.


Yeah. But no, it definitely can't swell a little bit. You just wouldn't pick it up much. Okay. So for people who've had, and we don't know the number, obviously at some point in your study as we accumulate more things, maybe we'll get some kind of predictive sense. But some multiple concussions result in this CTE. Yes. I'm obsessed with CTE. Yeah. Monica know. You know this coming in. Yeah, no, I Appreciate you guys mention it a lot. Yeah. Well, Monica matches it a lot. Me, I bring it up a lot to Dax Chari. This is her pork belly. I Do. People don't know enough about it. We need to have a conversation about it. They really don't Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Addie. Addie. That's that little pink pill, right? Oh, it sure is. Addie is the number one doctor prescribed FDA approved treatment to get this increase women's sex drive in certain premenopausal women who are bothered by low libido. This is very important, Which brings up a really interesting conversation. What do women want out of sex? I mean, it's different from men, right? Well, I'm not a man, so I guess I can't really speak to that. But for women, it's definitely about pleasure and orgasms of course. But it's really more about the intimacy. Like being really excited about the person. Yes, totally. Yes. Be so into someone that you're like, let's do this. I want this. That's a good feeling. Well, Apparently there's a lot of women out there who struggle with low libido, but there's not enough honest conversation about it. Yeah. And women should know that there are options out there and we shouldn't be embarrassed to talk about it and get help. No way. It's your life. You deserve this. If you wanna learn more and get back to feeling like yourself, go to addie.com. That's A DDY i.com. Addie or flip anin is for premenopausal Women with acquired generalized hypoactive sexual desire disorder, HSDD, who have not had problems with low sexual desire in the past, who have low sexual desire. No matter the type of sexual activity, the situation or the sexual partner. This low sexual desire is troubling to them and is not due to a medical or mental health problem. Problems in the relationship or medicine or other drug use at is not for use in children. Men are to enhance sexual performance. Your risk of severe low blood pressure and fainting is increased. If you drink one to two standard alcohol drinks close in time to your ADDIE dose, wait at least two hours after drinking, before taking ADDIE at bedtime. This risk increases if you take certain prescriptions, OTC or herbal medications or have liver problems and can happen when you take ADDIE without alcohol. Or other medicines. Do not take if you're allergic to any of addie's ingredients. Allergic reactions may include hives, itching, or trouble breathing. Sometimes serious sleepiness can occur. Common side effects include dizziness, nausea, tiredness, difficulty falling asleep, or staying asleep. And dry mouth cfo, PI and medication guide, including box warning@addie.com slash pi.


We are supported by Better Help. We've had a lot of talk recently about therapy when we had other Monica on, and how helpful it is in steering your way through so much of this quagmire that is your own perception. I just got a friend of mine into therapy and they really, really are liking it already. Oh, Good. Mental health awareness is growing, but there's still progress to be made. 26% of Americans who participated in a recent survey say they have avoided seeking mental health support due to fear of judgment. When people hesitate to get help, it doesn't just affect them. It impacts families, workplaces, and entire communities. This Mental Health Awareness month, let's encourage everyone to take care of their wellbeing and break the stigma. The world is better when people are healthy and happy. Better Help has over 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapists. There are over 30,000 licensed therapists to choose from, from diverse backgrounds with a wide range of specialties. They make it easy to find a therapist who fits your specific needs. We're all better with help. Visit better help.com/dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE lp.com/dx.


We are supported by Quince one day. It's cool. The next, you're sweating through your clothes. That's how you know it's time to switch things up. Quince is gonna have exactly what you're looking for as we move through spring lighter layers, better fabrics and prices that don't make you think twice. I've been in the market for shorts, short sleeve shirts. I'm getting prepped. Monica and Quince is the place. It's time to do a little refresh. This is such a good place because it's a really good price, but it's really good quality. Super high quality Quince is all the things you actually wanna wear. Like organic cotton, silk polos, European linen, beach shorts, DDD and comfort pants that work for everything from backyard hangs to nice dinners. Quince keeps prices down by working directly with top artisans and cutting out the middlemen, giving you luxury pieces without the crazy markups. In this economy, making the most of your dollars is a priority. Quince gets that. Elevate your closet with quince. Go to quince.com/dax for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/dax.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, to double check the hamper first before turning your white laundry into a lovely shade of pink. Like you know, to check that your headphones are plugged in first before blasting your guilty pleasure playlist in the quiet section of the library. Like you know to check that you're texting the right person first before sending that spicy gossip about your cousin. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You are in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Okay, so what is the full arc of the condition? And Mike, what are the mechanisms that are happening in the brain? CTE Is a degenerative brain disease that is caused by repetitive traumatic brain injuries. Right? So it's only seen in association with a lot of hits to the head. So one of the important things to say right away is that one concussion is not causing CT in almost anybody. 'cause now we've looked back at brain banks and even ones where people have had a severe brain injury from a car accident or something and you just almost never see it. Although You did say one concussion doubles your outcome for suicide. Yes. That's fucked up. Really? Yeah. One concussion. And I know I've had that's, that's not the only one I've ever had.


That's horrible. Yeah. Yeah. Although the incident rate for suicide, you know, group of 100,000, it's still quite low. So even it's so rare. Even you double it, it's still a low number. Don't get too worried. Yeah. A lot of people have had concussions. Yeah. And so that's interesting to know that Data's usually from hospitalized concussions, which you had. And the theory is there's sort of two things going on. One is that maybe it's changing the way your brain functions and maybe you're in chronic pain. Headaches is very much associated with suicide. So maybe there's some of that going on. And then on the other side though, it might affect your life in a big way. It might affect your job, your relationships, your circumstances have changed. Right? But then also we get into a correlation causation problem, which is, I'm sure there's something we could say about people who accumulate concussions, people that are drawn to that lifestyle, probably doing a whole suite of Behaviors.


It is complicated to unravel. So we don't want anyone to think suddenly you got one concussion, you're gonna go kill yourself. Yeah, yeah. Right. Okay. So you get multiple injuries. For some reason, football being probably the best example, I took 10,000 hits to my head. One of those hits was hard enough to spark this inflammatory process around a blood vessel at the depths of the sulcus in my frontal lobe is where we usually find the beginnings of it. Is that generally if you have ct that is where it's, yeah, That's where the first lesions will show up. Dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex, which again, we think is part of the physics issue. That part of your brain is most likely to stretch. Like rats don't get CTE because they don't have that fold. So the depths of the sulcus, the energy of a rapidly rotating brain causes it to go to that bottom of the valley.


And that's where you see the initial lesion. And then for some reason, that lesion will keep spreading in the absence of further hits. Oh, we think in most cases explain That. We Don't exactly know Atrophy, begats atrophy, Misfolding proteins can act like a virus and can continue to spread. So you have a protein called tau in your axons neurons. That's sort of a structural element. And when the axon stretches that tau can misfold and then it's sort of like a crack in a windshield that it just keeps spreading And it can actually jump the synapse and go to another neuron. And so we don't understand, we can't diagnose this during life, which is why we're trying to get brains for study. So we only have these windows into, at the time of death, what do we see? But now we pick up these small lesions in teenagers.


If you look at now over 15, 1500 brains, you mean like dead teenagers? Dead teenagers. Okay. Yes. You see that the older people have a lot of it. The younger people have these tiny lesions. And you can see the Spread. Now, just to be a skeptic, what is our control group? What are we making this relative to? We have other brains, but we don't totally know the history of their impact. Are we seeing most people don't have any of these lesions. Right? The Good news is, at the beginning we, we were a little more in the dark, but one of the great things that Boston University where we have this brain bank led by Anne McKee. She leads five other brain banks and one of them is the Framingham heart study. Have you heard of this? No. So the town of Framingham outside Boston has been followed for generations. And now they're old enough where they're dying. Thank God. And that's where we learned. No, I'm just joking. That's where we learned all about how high blood pressure has later life implications for stroke of things.


'cause we were following this town. So when we first published that group, there were 164 people who'd passed away in the study. One of them had CTE. And we also went back to everyone and asked about sports history, brain injury history. That person was a college football player. Wow. Now let's jump really quick to the first 111 NFL brains. You looked at how many had CTE 110. So one out of 1 47 versus one 10 out of one 11. I'm sold. I've been saying this. That should be enough. And For people who have not seen the images, Jesus, they're taking these thin slices of the brain and they're putting them next to each other. And a healthy section of this brain would be kind of just white. And then if you have a mild case of ct, you're seeing some discoloration.


But in an extreme CTA, you're seeing like it's been dipped in coffee and then there's just pockets of saturation of this dark stuff. It looks like the lung of a smoker. That's what I compare it to when I show healthy lungs and diseased lungs to help people appreciate how abnormal this is. When the NFL used to bring in international experts to tell us this was all fake. One of them would refer to as the gingerbread brain for this hall of famer who died in his nineties, whose brain had trunk like almost half its size And it was all brown. This is just impossible. Like they must be faking it. My god. It's actually how sad it is. And he made it to nineties. He, well, he was in this institution for 20 years. Oh. And then I went, this is relevant to bring up 'cause we're in the early explanation of it. So this was observed and I grew up hearing this 'cause my dad loved boxing.


We called people punch drunk. Right. And so just talk about what that was. So Punch drunk was first published in a major medical journal in 1928. Wow. That Long ago. Yeah. They figured out very early. Yeah. That boxers were getting very strange slurred speech, movement disorders, bizarre behaviors. There's a lot of literature from the twenties, thirties, forties about punch drunk. Then Dementia Pesa, they didn't really start looking at brains as much until the seventies. There was a famous case series of it where they sort of talked about all these abnormal brains from boxers. But the problem was no one really dug into it. What defines CT is this abnormal T protein. We didn't know how to see the protein until the late seventies. We didn't have to pass.


So it wasn't the original part of the diagnostic criteria. 'cause we hadn't invented the antibodies that make it show up. Ah. So it's a lot of reasons why that didn't happen. But also in 1984, the American Medical Association said boxing shouldn't exist. It's too barbaric. It was sort of at that point that research on boxing stopped. And so it was like, yep, boxers get punched drunk. Well, end of story. Yeah. Occupational hazard. Nobody connected the dots to the fact that all these other sports, You're also looking at a pretty small group of people versus Yeah. High school football, which is millions of people. Right. It's not like that many people go into boxing. I Agree that the social part of, it's like they're punching each other in the head. They really don't expect to have problems. Yes. Yeah. And they sign up for it.


That's the problem. It's not an epidemic. And it wasn't like there was the sons of doctors off doing it. Yes. So it was just like this other part of the culture. Okay. So what are the symptoms that people with CTE experience? This has evolved over the last 15 years as we figured this out. But basically the one thing that is best predicted when you have CT pathology is cognitive decline. It'll start with executive dysfunction, meaning you're no longer making good decisions. Your career goes to hell Make dumb investments very Common. So executive function goes to end memory, goes short term memory first, but start to lose episodic memory. Long-term memory that is very frequent with end stage CTE. And then we also see neurobehavioral dysregulation, impulse control problems, anger issues.


This Is the stuff that seems to get the headlines. And I'll say that anecdotally, we know someone that was married to a very successful football player and they had a total personality shift. They Died. Yeah, he died. And you hear about this, I see it on real sports. There's violence. All of a sudden, people who have never been violent are getting violent to their family. They're getting violent around town, they're self-harming. The addiction is spiraling. You're seeing a real tornado of depression and just the personality shift. I think that's the scariest thing. Yeah. Because people are married to these men that they love that were so kind. And all of a sudden they're erratic and impulsive and scary. Well Said. Because one of my talking points is often that the number one thing you see is personality change, but that's not a diagnosable condition.


Yeah. So it's not like in our data, but they always say he's a different person. Yeah. 'cause you Go like, okay, memory loss. To what degree you can live with that. But that aspect, and then I have to imagine the suicide rate for people with CT has gotta be among the highest, Actually not true. That's something they're actually trying to help share. Oh really? Part of it is that a lot of the early cases were suicide cases. The third brain I ever procured was Chris Benoit, the wrestler who killed his wife and 7-year-old son himself. Oh my God. Tell us that. I mean, I guess you did this. Tell us that. It's a complicated story. When I was writing that book, he was the only guy in the locker room. I'd show up for shows once in a while. Half people welcome me. Half people thought I was lying and stealing a check and faking my injury. But he was the guy who took me seriously and sat me down and said, what are you learning about concussions? How many have you had?


I asked him how many he had. He said, more than I can count. I'd known him for five years. He gave me his phone number. He goes, call me next week. Oh my. I wanna talk about it. God, I called him, sounded like he was in the middle of an argument with somebody. He's like, I'll call you back. And he never called you back. And then months later, he kills his wife. He killed his entire family, Killed his 7-year-old, killed himself over 48 hours, left Bibles and strange statements. And then Maissa I've talked to, he was falling apart. He wouldn't plan matches anymore 'cause he couldn't remember them. So he would just say, let's wing it. It's so Sad to me. He knew though something's wrong, he knew wrong, Wrong, knew. So he knew something was wrong and I didn't help him. And that sort of sparked, now I have five full-time people just to deal with people. Reach out to us, we make sure we do everything we can to help them because this keeps happening.


If someone were to recognize in a moment of clarity that this was happening to them, are there medications that could help? Yes. The advice for everybody is treat the symptoms. So whatever the symptoms are, there's probably medication that work and make your life better. So on the suicide front, even though that's all the high profile stuff and Dave Dorson junior sale. Yeah. You hear These wild cases where the dudes shoot themselves in the heart. 'cause they know they want their brain studied. Yeah. That's something we discourage. We don't need those brains anymore. But that was a troubling trend that started. I've now learned it was like a conversation that a bunch of them had together. Really? Oh yeah. 'cause they were all mad at the NFL for lying about everything back then. And so let's show 'em. So everyone's shooting themselves chest. We're trying to say, look, CT symptoms can be treatable. We can't stop the disease. Yeah. Yet we need to work on that. There's help and there's hope.


Yes. So anyone's struggling. Let's, we have a helpline, reach out to the Concussion Legacy Foundation helpline. We will find you something and we will help make your life better. But we do keep seeing these suicides. But the actual overall rate of NFL suicide is not that much higher than the population. I mean, OJ definitely had it. Right? Right. Yeah. I think it's impossible that he didn't, and I think it sort of puts his life in perspective. It does. I don't know what would've changed with the trial, but I do think if we had known then that that's clearly at play here, we would've looked at it much differently. We would've Looked at it differently. Like, it doesn't mean that you don't go to prison. You're not allowed to Kill your ex-wife. Yeah. Well apparently you are. 'cause he He got off. He got off. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. But it would've been an interesting part of It. Yeah. It forces you to look at a lot of the things we've seen with a lot of the people.


We've seen them with Mike Tyson, a lot of these boxers that have had episodes that are inexplicable. You have to imagine there's a lot going on and it's Not just CTE brain injury itself in the absence of CT can cause a lot of the stuff. What positions in football do you track those? Obviously the kicker has very low risk of getting this. The Kickers haven't been exempted from this. 'cause in the old days, the kickers were former position players and in the new days, they're all former soccer players have had the ball too much. But actually we cannot find CT trends by position. Even though linemen get hit, you may be twice as much as other positions, but the average hit is bigger for those positions. But there's also a missing piece of data that people didn't realize that sort of explains why we don't see it by position.


Can you guess what that is? Maybe. 'cause they've all played different positions before they landed in those positions. That's Part of it. What you played at the NFL is now what you played as a kid. Yeah. You see all these stories. This was a layer of racism where these incredible black quarterbacks would come into the league and they're like, you're not gonna be a quarterback. 'cause you don't have the brain to run an offense. Right. They all became wide receivers and running backs. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The other part is special teams kickoffs and punts are actually the most violent plays. Oh. But it's random. Who goes on those? And it's not tracked when I did my interview, 'cause I'm gonna be donating my brain. It's like, so how many weeks were you on kickoff for your junior year of high school? And I'm like, I don't remember. Right. Like I was on this week. I was off this week. Kickoff's very fluid. Special teams changes all the time. Only in the NFL with a handful of specialists to do special teams. Otherwise it's usually the backups.


Oh, interesting. Yeah. I think that is actually skewing our data. Some linemen are gunners or wedge busters in the old days and all these things that were very violent. Yeah. Yeah. Now how did the sports compare to one another? Is football the worst? Where's NHL? Or is boxing? Where's soccer? We Don't have enough data and especially 'cause we can't diagnose the living people. But for football, we've looked at now over 400 NFL brains and 93% of them have had it. But we just published our first study of NHL players And it was 18 of 19. So it's actually a higher percentage. I grew up around hockey more than football. Concussions are standard because you're falling. You're hitting the ice. Yeah. The ice is way worse than any football hit. And you're going faster 'cause you're skating faster than you run.


Fuck Yeah. Those guys are flying and hitting the back of their head on the plexiglass. Yeah. Why can't we look at the brain while the person's living? You'd have to go in and do a brain surgery. We are trying. I feel Like scan technology has gotten so good and like FMRI. But no, we're close. I'm not There. The problem is no one's done the work. The CT stuff shut down in the seventies and we've started the first academic center back in 2008. So there's no research on this for Alzheimer's. None of these diseases can be diagnosed definitively during life only until very recently we started imaging beta amyloid plaques, which was a breakthrough a little over a decade ago. That Was part of that as well. Right. So we've been piggybacking off of a lot of Alzheimer's research to try to catch up. So we don't even know the pattern of atrophy to distinguish it from Alzheimer's.


Right. It's frontal, it's temporal, but we don't actually know. So we will figure this out probably much sooner than we realized, but we can't right now. So soccer's bad if you're a prolific header. Boxing is bad if you take a lot of punches. There's also a dose response issue going on with that. So the reason why 90 some percent of NFL players have it 'cause they've all played 20 more years. The fewer years you play the less risk. So would we study the high school football players brains? It's a minority of them, although it's still far more than I'm comfortable with. And I did hear once, maybe it's sort of the opposite of what you're saying, that you think if you haven't gone to the NFL that you're in the clear. But you may have started in rec league, you may have started when you were five years old. And so you've still had a long time playing. That's Exactly right. And it wasn't. One of the things that we've learned since we started studying this is it's not these big concussions necessarily that it's also just repetitive smaller hits.


It's repetitive hits but not smaller. So actually a talking point I've been trying to drive into our team for the last year is that when you actually look at the sensor studies, what we find out is that the average concussion with linear acceleration is happening at about the 90th percentile. So let's say it's a hundred Gs, if that's what's happening. If you're a football player, you take a thousand hits over a season, that means you took a hundred hits harder than neck concussion. That other 10%. I think that's what's causing a lot of the CT risk. It does take hard hits to cause physical damage to your brain. Well that's comfortable, but most Of them you can't feel, 'cause you don't have pain nerves in your brain. And so when one neuron dies, you can't feel it. So you just said a hundred G's, is that the scale we're looking at?


Yeah, a hundred G's in a few milliseconds. Oh My god. 'cause you think of these F1 drivers are pulling five G's and their necks are this thick 'cause they're dealing with five Gs. That's Over much longer period of time. Yeah, yeah. Some of those impacts can create a hundred Gs. Yeah. Oh my god. Now is the onset period of this condition, do we know, is it age related or is it duration from impact related? There is a delay between when you get the damage when you start having symptoms. And there's a lot of variables that contribute to that, including your overall brain health and aging and vascular disease, cognitive reserve. So if you're smarter, you'll have delayed symptoms versus other people because your brain's wired better. And so you can lose more neurons before you start showing functional problems.


Right. So We don't actually know when the onset of symptoms is from ct especially because everyone who gets CT has taken these thousands of hits and also has other types of brain damage in there like frontal lobe, white matter damage that would be obvious for some of these symptoms. When you think about there's four pathological stages of CT stage three and four. Everybody's got some symptoms. The more you have the worse off you are stage one and two, you're usually younger than 40. You also have white matter damage. You also have all these other things. And we don't know if it's the CT lesions themselves that are contributing to everything or the white matter damage or these other types of brain damage that we see. So the onset of when CT starts affecting you is a little bit unknown. Well now I wanna say, so you took it upon yourself once learning about this.


And at the time I think you said there was only two or three brains that had been studied for CTE. There were two NFL players and there were 45 brains in the world where they'd found CT And you kind of appointed yourself the person that was gonna have to try to go out and get more brains to be studied. Which meant that you were in a position to start calling family members of people, mostly football players who had died to ask the family if you could have their brains. Yeah. I want to know if few of these stories, I mean if there's one in particular, but I wrote down Aaron Hernandez, Demarius Thomas, Vincent Jackson, Ken Stabler, any of these. I would love to hear someone's personal story with this. Not everybody's on that list that I call.


Part of what I'm doing is trying to set up a system so they call us. Maybe just start with the first conversation. 'cause that's on public record. These are all very sensitive, intimate conversations. Absolutely. The first call was the family of Andre Waters. So do you remember him from the Eagle's Strong safety? No. Okay. I'm sure a lot of people do, but we Don't. I know from researching you, he had a great nickname. Yes. Dirty Waters. 'cause he liked to lead with his head. Yeah. Oh My God. So for my 85 Bears in the late eighties, he was a nemesis. The Eagles were beating him. So Andre Waters takes his life. I just wrote the book and no one cares about the book. And I'm trying to think like, are I walking away and moving on with my life or am I gonna stick with this? And so he dies by suicide. He was still Division II football coach. He's employed.


There's nothing obvious on the surface. I called the medical examiner in Hillsborough County, Florida and I said, Hey, you should study his brain. And he's like, no, this is crazy. He'd never heard of this. But after multiple conversations over many weeks, 'cause I was just trying to see if I was right. I was like, can I convince this guy that I'm right? He said, well, it just so happens that I know waters is buried two weeks ago. But we kept part of his brain and I will give it to you. I'm now convinced that this is worthy of study. If you can get someone to study it and you get his family's permission. And I'm like, all right. So I called, the only doctor I knew at the time was the doctor from the concussion movie, Ben Omalu. So I called him and I said, we studied Brandon. He said, yeah. I said, all right, here's his mother's phone number. She's 88, we call. And he goes, no, he wouldn't make the call. There are other doctors who work with, no one wanted to make that call.


So that's how I got stuck making the call. You're Calling the mother of someone who Someone's Just died son to suicide. She doesn't even realize that not all of them's buried. That's even a revelation itself. Yeah. What do you mean? Yeah, the medical examiner keeps tissue. Like what? I just remember like I can't be a coward about this. And so I cold called his mother. Luckily she didn't answer because I had this vision that she would just like listen to me and like just drop dead. You know? I mean, yeah. And instead of Sister answered, I had written a script and I'm like, Hey, just this guy you've never heard of. And I have no medical credentials, but I think his Braintree studied first. His sister answers and she listens. She goes, hold on, I'm not the right person in the family. She got somebody else on his niece and his niece had some medical training and over a couple days I convinced him to do it.


Wow. I would imagine as scary as that call is to make any family member of someone who just die by suicide would love an explanation. Yeah. They were so happy that someone cared. Yeah. To find out, maybe there's more to this. It's almost like finding the killer of someone who was murdered. Right. And then they started saying, well, you know, he was getting lost driving to the house. He bought his mother to his own house. All these things weren't adding up for them. So luckily they were so nice about everything and so appreciative that I was like, all right, I can keep calling families. Wow. And so now I've called a lot of families. Yeah. How many NFL brains, I guess College two. You've gotten a lot of those. Our brain bank now is 1600 brains. We're getting close to 500 former NFL players. What's actually most interesting is, this is not widely known, but since a certain date we've gotten one in four NL players who've died.


Okay. And then you get the idea to start a pledge. Tell us about that. I also realized like I don't wanna be calling people within four, eight hours of their loved one's passing for the rest of my life. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. How did they get out of this is what you Were motivated by? Yeah, I doing this, I don't do this anymore because I still read the obituaries every morning outta habit. It's like really terrible. It's a weird way to start your day. Yeah. Although it could fill you with gratitude. Yeah. Well it does make you appreciate that you're aligned that day. So yeah. So I started asking all the athletes I knew if they would pledge their brain basically trying to create a culture of brain donation to America among famous athletes. Yeah. So that they would realize that this stuff, it's important and it's happening. And so it started with people I all knew very well. And now we have 13,000 people who've pledged donate their brain.


Wow, that's great. Probably more than we could ever Take. Yeah. It's incredibly successful. And then throughout many other sports like Dale Earnhardt Jr. Has agreed to do it. But I should pause here and ask. Part of my gimmick is I ask everybody, now that you guys are part of an Alzheimer's study, have you also considered donating your brain? Oh, I'd be happy to That I would totally donate my Brain. We just did a moral them founding question by Jonathan Hyde if someone having sex with a corpse. And I was like, I really don't care what happens to my body afterwards. So if I'm willing to have that happen. Yeah, absolutely. That went Into a different direction that I was expecting. I'm showing you how low the bar is for me. So Absolutely. My brain could be of any help. Why wouldn't I? Monica was a high flying cheerleader. I was about to say, that might be a group that needs sponsor study.


Obviously a lot of those are girls and women. It might even present differently. So that would be interesting to see. There's a huge concussion problem in cheerleading. Yeah. Especially the flyers. Yeah. That that's amazing. Or if you're the one catching you were Flying. Yeah. Did you watch that cheerleading doc that was popular? No cheer. It's called Cheer on Netflix. It's incredible. And you go, oh, these gals are doing something more dangerous than the football players. Yeah. And no one even is noticing what's happening. It's clearly not thought through. Right. Yeah. There's no regulations. They Don't practice with helmets on. We got in a fight about, I'm like, they gotta practice. You can't 'cause aerodynamics. But I know. I know, I know. I know. But you can't tell the football players. They gotta have these. I know. But even more than stunts, you're tumbling and you've fall all the time.


I fell on my head so many times trying to do a back flip. Just learning You fall. Okay. I'm very interested in this brain. Yeah. I gotta get My brain. You can have access To it. We've never seen CT a cheerleader. We haven't had many brains donated. It's a new phenomenon. So we don't have 70-year-old cheerleaders who are doing this. Exactly. Which is a whole nother issue. So it's something we gotta look into. But I'm hopeful it's not a huge problem. Well I'm delighted to donate my brain. Thank you. Do I have to officially go to a website or something? Yes. Tell Me how to do We'll Do it. I think it's donate your brain.org. But I'll send it to you and I'll make sure I get that right. Yeah. Okay. But we'd be honored to have you. You Don't check. My children have no plans for my brain. Well, once they sign up on it, Most people say, lemme check with the wife and they'll never get back to you. So I appreciate my Wife will like get that fucking Brain outta.


I mean, what are they gonna do with your brain? Reanimate me when the technology exists. Oh, alright. Yeah. Oh yeah. Sorry. Okay. So you've gotten this pledge, what's happening in Europe and obviously rugby, Australian rules, football, soccer's global. It's not like this is an American issue. What's the rest of the world think about all this? Well, they tried to frame it as an American issue. They did. So one of the tricks the NFL played is they brought in Australian doctors and British doctors who would say, this isn't our country so this is not real. So I went and started brain banks around the world. And so one of them was in Australia. 'cause that was the big bad guy who was coming in and saying, this is fake. This is fake. So we, we started Brain Bank in 2018 and by 2020 we diagnosed the first case as Australian rules football, the first case in rugby league.


We now have a brain bank at Oxford. It's been seen now in rugby. Is it a comparable percentage? I shot a movie in New Zealand for four months and I got super into watching rugby and I was like, well this is the ultimate gladiator sport. I mean these guys have nothing on, they must have enormous rates of this. We don't know because we just started the rugby research. And are you aware that it's only been professional for a little while? No. As you've learned, I know very little about these masculine sports. I didn't know this either until recently. I know about BMX and skateboarding. So Rugby was like a gentleman's thing until turn of the century. Everyone's 180 pounds and they're sort of tackling hugging Each other. But since then they've all become 280 pound monster football players who trained constantly and they're Fast as hell.


The professionalization of rugby has made CT a huge problem. We still see it in the older guys by comparison. We've looked at nearly a thousand American football players brains and we've looked at 50 rugby brains. Mm. But it was about half And it was how long you played, your odds went up 14% per year. You played. We just diagnosed the first New Zealand rugby case two at our Brain Bank, university of Auckland. Okay. So now we can get into a fun liberty question and what is the future and what would you advise? Because obviously for children, that's one conversation we have about children. And we would agree they're not old enough to make this Faustian deal. I Would agree. And there are a lot of people that I couldn't argue back. If they go, yeah, my life fucking sucks without this thing and I'm an adult and I want to do it and I take on the risk and fuck you.


I have liberty. And I can't really stand in the way of that. I am of that mind. How do we deal with all these facets of the problem? I'm of the same mind when people ask me, do we end football? I said no. I used to let people hit me in the head with folding chairs for a living and I thought it was fun. Yeah. And that wasn't nearly as dangerous as cops and firemen and people go into military service. If you wanna do a dangerous job to support your family, great. But let's not lie to you about the risks and let's take reasonable precautions and let's give you a voice to negotiate those precautions unions. That's why the NFL has gotten safer is there's a union. So totally fine with the NFL continuing as a business and players having informed consent. But you're right. The problem that we cannot reconcile is that everybody who've played in the NFL made that choice to start playing as a child.


And once you're on the train, we all know it's really hard to get off and a culture that says quitters are terrible. And Let's be honest, it might be the greatest part of someone's whole time on planet earth. It might be, I still Know people. It's like the greatest years of their life for being on that team and doing that. So it has some value that needs to be acknowledged. Yes, Team sports are amazing for the connections and the physical health. But getting hit in the head, there's nothing good about that. Yeah. Right. And so the question becomes when and how do you get into this? So they've done a lot of cool things, right? Like practices have changed at the Highest levels they have, but they have not gone all the way to the bottom as a umbrella. Our campaign to change the sports is called Stop Hitting Kids in the Head. Stop Hitting Kids in the Head. I love that.


There's just no reason. Like do you hit your daughters in the head? Not intentionally. You can probably count how many times they've ever been hit in the head. Yeah. Yeah. Because It is really abnormal for kids to get hit in the head outside of sports. Even in old cases of abuse, if you hit your kid in the head a lot, they would stop showing up. So I think it's safe to say we're hitting children in the head more than we ever have in the history of time. Wow. A thousand hits to the head of the year is hard. So let's make reasonable reforms. Driving is actually a really good analogy for this. I think it's sort of like when do you start driving a car? Well, there's no age at when magically starts becoming safe. And so in some states it's 16, some states 17, we've looked at data, we think about brain maturity, we think about all these things. And so we should think about that for all the sports.


We shouldn't repetitively hit kids in the head probably till 14. That is a good neuroscience perspective for brain development and a little bit uninformed consent. It sort of becomes more reasonable to start taking risks at that age. But the idea that you take a 5-year-old and put a five pound helmet on 'em and have 'em get hit head two, 300 times a year doesn't make sense to me. Yeah. Because the risks are serious. You are actually increasing your risk of CT and the rewards. You can get that from flag or some other sport and then have your period of time where you get to play the rough sport. Football is not the problem. It's too much football. One season might be too much for some people, but usually it's double digits when you start getting into real risk of ct. Oh yeah. So start later and hit less. Would one bit of advice for soccer be like, no, heading the ball until a certain age In 2015 we got us soccer say no heading until 11.


Oh. So that's a thing. Oh, okay. We asked for 14, we got 11. We'll still push for 14 as the data accrues. Yeah. Yeah. But there's limits at 11, 12 and 13. Only supposed to do like 20 a week, but even 20 week. Oh god. A thousand a year. That's still too many. Completely. And it still can be. Yeah. What the hell? Right. We actually saying let's actually start counting it, which we might be able to start doing with like AI and two dimensional video. It's analogous to pitch counts in little league. If you're a coach, when your kid pitches, you have to count each one and you have to like send it to the league office because they'll realize it was destroying Elbows. Oh yeah. Tommy John mean Tommy John's surgery. Right. The response to that was pitch counts. So we count how many times kids throw a ball to protect their elbow. We do not count how many times any child is hit in the head in sports. That's wild.


And now that soccer's, you know you could play four seasons a year now. It used to be in in high school it was one. Yeah. My Daughter's buddies, some of 'em are four leagues all year Round. We're not monitoring that. Could be getting more exposure in soccer than you are in football. My kids play soccer. They can't head now. But when they can start heading, my advice could be don't head. Yeah, exactly. Tell you coach. No, it's not for me. I'm gonna play it off my chest. I'm gonna control it better. Anyway, this whole idea that projectile coming your head, you should knock back. It's very abnormal. Yeah. Using your head as a baseball bat basically. Yeah. Stay tuned for more armchair expert If you dare.


We are supported by Squarespace. And boy do we have a gorgeous website. I implore everyone to check out. We made it on Squarespace. I and when I say we, I mean Rob. He did a beautiful job And it was very easy for him to do. So. No matter what kind of website you want to build, Squarespace is the perfect partner to get it launched quickly and easily. And their design templates are gonna make your site look incredible too. If you're trying to do some good this year, you can use Squarespace to set up a fundraising site. Let's say you wanted to raise money for first responders or families impacted by the recent fires here in la. You can fundraise directly on your Squarespace website and grow your impact with built-in donation tools. Create a professional on-brand site that makes it easy to accept one-time or recurring contributions and engage supporters with built-in email campaigns and marketing tools you can connect with your community and inspire more people to support your cause. They're making it easier for you to make a difference. Another reason Squarespace is a company we're proud to be partnered with. Check out squarespace.com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, use offer code Dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's squarespace.com and promo code Dax to get started today.


We're supported by Skims. You guys know I love Skims. I talk about it all the time. Ad nauseum, maybe too much. Never. I don't know, never enough. They did recently send me some new products, which were so great. One was from the Ultimate Bra collection, which was really fun. And I got to do a little unboxing everything. Their bras, their clothes, they're all so comfortable and so cute. That's the through line. They have it all. They have made comfort the priority. Also what I really love about them, very inclusive, the bra colors, if you're going nude, people's nude is different and they really do. Make sure to have all the availability. Check out skims for yourself and find out why Monica can't stop raving about this brand. Shop skims Ultimate Bra collection and more@skims.com. After you place your order, be sure to let them know we sent you select podcast in the survey and select our show in the dropdown menu that follows.


We're supported by ship station. Boy did they bail us out. We had an incredible merch drop recently. Thousands of orders came in. Carly would've been buried without ShipStation. 'cause life can be unpredictable and if you're in charge of order fulfillment for an e-commerce business, you know that it's its own special kind of chaos. ShipStation is the partner you can count on to help your day-to-day stay as calm as possible. Save hours and money every month by shipping from all your stores with one login, automating repetitive tasks and finding the best rates among all the global carriers. You can focus on other parts of your business because Ships station takes the worry out of your shipping and fulfillment processes. You'll never need to upgrade. ShipStation grows with your business no matter how big it gets seamlessly. Integrate with services and selling channels you already use and manage orders on one easy dashboard. Calm the chaos of order fulfillment with the shipping software that delivers. Switch to ShipStation today. Go to shipstation.com and use code Dax to sign up for your free trial. That's shipstation.com code Dax.


So what we see too, And it has to be acknowledged, is the demographics of the sport are changing because educated white people with means are not letting their kids do this. And we're seeing it change pretty dramatically. Who's actually playing the sport is disenfranchised disadvantaged kids more and more. That's True. HBO real sports did a nice piece piece. Yeah. That was part of that piece where they said the percent of kids on food stamps who were playing tackle football in Illinois was starting to dramatically go up, changed by 10% over only a few years because people with options started to realize my kid could do another sport, get the same benefits without the risk. It is a cultural conversation needs to be had. 'cause then that quickly goes to, but it's their way out.


Right. That's always the next Sentence. Yeah. It's a legitimate argument. It is. Except for my next response is, but no one's getting recruited off their film when they were seven. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. So you could go flag into that. I think people aren't thinking about it deeply enough to realize that yes, it can be a way out, but it doesn't become serious till high school. Also, if there's just a regulation that that can't happen until you're 14, then everyone is still starting on the same playing field. I guess the reason I bring it up is to say yes, there's liberty until you observe that only certain people have liberty and don't have liberty. Exactly. Like when you're seen that some people don't have an option and other people do have an option, there is some societal obligation to protect the people that are most vulnerable.


That's what I'm getting at is these are necessary because you're asking people who are in a position where they've got a risk at all to make these decisions when they have much bigger fucking fish on their plate. You know? Yeah. Whatever the goddamn saying, fish to fry. Fish To Fry. One of the ways to look at that, there was a study by CDC showing in white communities you're more likely to have both flag and tackle and you have a choice. But in black communities you only had tackle. You don't have the option. You're either playing tackle or you're not playing football at all. Which in some cases might be worse for various reasons. It's one thing to say, oh, they were told the risk and they made a decision. But if you acknowledge that some people are in a worse position, right. And they're more incentivized to make that decision.


That has to be accounted for. We also Have to add, when people say yes, it's their way out because they're vulnerable, they need the pathway it goes. Yes, but you're talking about vulnerable people who already have problems. Let's layer on brain injury. That doesn't make any sense. Right. Brain injury can lead to these other problems down the road. So don't take our most vulnerable people and layer on 5,000 hits to the head for that tiny chance they can turn into a living. Exactly. Well yeah. What is that percentage? Do you know it off the top of your head? I mean it's under 1% of kids who enter the football in their school are gonna end up in the nfl. It's 0.1 or something so small. This is such an important topic. I appreciate all your research on this too. I know it's a dive. I like it. So this is like a really maybe bad question. Do you think you have It's not a bad question.


I have to wrestle with that. Every day it waxes and away and some days I'm like, yes, maybe not. My problem is it got very real a few years ago because one of my college roommates died. Ugh. He was the Harvard football captain my senior year. We shared that room when we were all watching wrestling in 99. He played three years in the NFL. He was Tom Brady's housemate when they were rookies with the Patriots and then didn't work out for injuries. And so then he went and got his MBA from Dartmouth and then he ran the hedge fund, the perfect life, Mary's high school sweetheart, four kids. And then we found out he had a secret drinking problem And it got so bad that it killed him even after interventions and everyone becoming aware. So the perfect guy, the Superman ended up drinking himself to death. He had stage two ct. Oh my god. We played basically had the same sports experience.


He played 11 years of football. I did my eight years of football and my wrestling and the fact that more of those guys seem to have it than don't. The guys who have my history, definitely more than 50% in our brain bank have had it. Then I just have to ask the question of how biases are brain bank right now. I don't think people look at me and think I have it. Yeah, It doesn't Seem it. Yeah. Maybe only my wife. So I don't know. Well You have to acknowledge that same stimulus input results in some different output because we're so variable. So like tens of millions of people smoke same amount of cigarettes and some percentage gets small cell carcinoma. I don't know. There's a lot of factors in there. Yeah, you're right. It's not so predictive of the symptoms. Well Not predictive symptoms condition the pathology.


Yeah, Yeah, for sure the condition but not the symptoms per se. Correct. I think there's a very good chance I have it. If I showed you my MR MRI from 20 years ago, it'd be like that does not look normal. But I don't have symptoms or at least ones that are overwhelming me. Yeah. But that's part of my passion race to find a cure. It's like I still might have 10, 20 years before it clubs me over the head to find something that actually stop it so that I can just have what I have. Your best defense is that you have a wife that's highly educated exactly on this and you are and is an outside observer. I think it gets hard to observe yourself, but you have a partner who's hip to all these things to look for presumably. Yeah. But she's also gotta be completely in denial to choose to marry me. Well she hasn't proven to be.


We had that talk though when I proposed. I was like, now look, I don't know where this is gonna go. 'cause this was more than 10 years ago now. We had even less knowledge and I'm like, I might have this. I might lose my mind. Here's Benoit thing. It happened a couple years prior. Yeah. It's like I don't know where I'm gonna be at 40 now past that. I don't know where I'm gonna be at 50. It is scary to think about sometimes. Right. Okay. So that did bring me to the final thing I want to talk about is this isn't just for athletes, right? There are occupations that over index in concussions. All my friends in the movie business are all stunt men. I can't tell you how many concussions these guys get. They'll go unnamed. But yeah, there's one friend that we've had where a few of us have talked and I'm like, these feels a little loopy. Is anyone else noticing this? And we know of many, many concussions.


Anyone who's doing like motorcycle shit, you're gonna deal with that. So what occupations? Military fire and rescue. So we're starting to look into that. Cts been seen in some military people who do not play sports, but we're like artillery or special forces. A lot of explosions. So it can happen. It's much more rare than football, but it's definitely there. We are looking into more first responders. We have gotten some firemen and police who have had a lot of concussions, but I don't think we have a case yet. So hopefully it's not as bad. We actually seen in people on the autism spectrum just bang their heads all the time. Oh Yeah, yeah, of course. But it is probably out there. I'm hoping it's rare. There are some jobs where you're getting hit in the head quite a bit, but it's not anywhere near boxing and football.


Well Also because probably you don't start those jobs till you're older. That's a great point. Your brain's not as protected against those hits when you're young. The sheath around your accent, this type of cell that grows there isn't there when you're young. And so those stretches are worse. But we have diagnosed a stuntman with CTE. He was also a football player. Well again, most of stunt men are coming from a different high risk background. You're right, exactly. Be happy to help your friend if you want to connect us. Oh, he's open. That's interesting. Yeah. I wonder how open he would be to that. That's a vulnerable thing to Acknowledge. It's a hard thing to bring up to people. Well It is a hard thing to bring up because as you say, there's no cure, you know? And there's no cure for things. You're really disincentivized to even know about it because why?


So you can worry more about it. Right. And the studies have shown that with genetic studies for Alzheimer's, some people respond of, okay, I'm gonna use this and take the time I have and really enjoy it. Other people can't handle it. And it just becomes their obsessive thought that oh my God, I'm gonna get this. I think for some reason hearing that it's connected to the brain, that really scares people obviously. But like you said, it's still a matter of just treating the symptoms though. And you should, especially if you know it's something happening in your brain, then you can't just think your way out of it. Right. And sometimes we do a little bit of selective framing where we say for something like that, transition can be really hard from careers. And so a lot of guys go through this depression, actually, let's go see this doctor to try to help figure it out. They'll do the cognitive test that'll give a window into, actually could see part of this.


Well, right. So everyone who leaves the NFL is gonna get depressed. They had a purpose, they had a schedule, they had teammates, they had community. But CBT or therapy will help with those. And if that doesn't help with those, then you're going, well there's probably some kind of structural issue that's probably not gonna respond to that type of treatment or therapy. Okay. So if people want to get involved or help Concussion Legacy Foundation is your organization, is there any place people should go to support or is there any call to action? Yes. Thank you for asking. Go to concussion foundation.org or find us on the social medias. This is one of the more neglected areas of research. And so we are always looking for support.


We're always looking for brain donors. Thank you both so much for your brain. And people participate in clinical studies. You can also be an advocate in your community to try to keep your kids safe. So we have various programs you can get involved with. But the key is get involved. The sad thing is CT should not exist. Almost all of it is voluntary. And those choices start as children and we can change this culture. And at the meantime we have to dramatically sell our research so that we have cures for all the people we grew up watching. Or now all people are friends. Are you In the unique position where when you go to a football game the players love you and the upper brass can't stand that you're there. The upper brass definitely can't stand that I'm there. They don't give me access to the players. So it is hard.


And then when you are a player, most of them I'm finding live in a bubble where they don't even appreciate what we're trying to do. Yeah. Right. 'cause it's really hard to go do your job when you're thinking about your brain. Of Course. But they have been motivated as a union. They have pushed internally for these changes. Right. And so the ones I know through like the executive committee who are actually in those meetings, they do love us. I spent time with one of 'em yesterday. Those guys are great. The only places really happens. Actually, when I go back to WWE e, the wrestlers really appreciate how much safer wrestling is now. They Made a lot of big changes. Yeah. Shockingly that was part of the doc. Yeah. I was like, humans are so complex. Yeah, This guy's doing this. But then he is open to that. Triple H was on our board for six years and he really gets it. And so it's amazing now that he's in charge, the influence that has over the whole safety.


Yeah. Well Chris, you're radical. What an incredibly weird story that brought you here. I love it. And I'm grateful for the work you're doing and I hope you're effective in making sure little kids don't get hit in the head over and over again. Thank You very much dad. It's been an honor. It's no cause. Yeah. Thanks for coming. Thank you. We hope you enjoyed this episode. Unfortunately they made some mistakes. I had a rare occurrence and I would do also, this is great. This dovetails nicely into what we did a week ago. Okay. Delta's play. There was two showings of Delta's play. 1:00 PM 5:00 PM Yeah. You went to the 1:00 PM Yes, I did not.


And I regret it deeply, but while I wasn't at that play, I was like, oh my God, I can finally go get my shingles vaccine. Oh, when you turn 50, this is a public service announcement. Okay. You are now eligible to get the shingles vaccine. Interesting. I mean maybe they'd give it to you before, I don't know. But when you, I was at my physical this year and he is like, okay, so now you gotta get your shingles vaccine, which sign me up. Right. Do you know anyone that's had shingles? Well that's a ding day thing that comes up in, not this week, but if you're on listening to Wondery plus the episode. Well that is a real, that's crazy. Anyways, I've had a friend who had it, it's Miserable yeah's really bad Nerve pain.


And as our lovely pharmacist we share our pharmacist, Rosalyn. Yes. She was saying like, opiates don't block nerve pain. Which I didn't understand that or know that or whatever, but Oh yeah. Just agonizing pain. I don't, I don't want that. Also, I've complained about this in the past. What? What a gross name for a disease. Shingles. I know. It makes me think of shingles on a roof and that your skin starts getting, Of course, that's what we all see Flaps when we hear it and then tearing off and stuff. Yeah. I, that's not what happens. Is it just adult chickenpox shingles? Yeah, but it is, I think it's more nerve. Yeah, it's nerve pain. And then for a percentage of people it never goes away. Oh, I know. Okay. So I was in there and I don't, I never go to the pharmacy, but I get all my pharmaceuticals from r and d.


This the cutest. We've talked about it once before. It's the cutest pharmacy and all of Los Angeles. It is at Hurst and Franklin. And because I was there for a vaccine, she had to help a couple people before me. And I felt like I was in Mayberry. Everyone that walked in, she knew by name. Yes, She does. Yeah. Knows everything about them. It was like a town haircutter or, or I guess town Pharmacist. Pharmacist. Yeah. Yeah. She's so nice. Maybe people will remember if they've listened for a long time. Her and I had a beef originally. What Was that about? We had a beef when she used to work at RiteAid. Yes.


And I had to pick up a prescription for Kristen and she wouldn't let me get it on her behalf. And there was a hole to do and we were in a beef. Sure. But then we made up and now she's one of my favorite people. I love her. You squashed it as they say in beefs. Yeah. We squashed the beef. Okay. Now do you wanna tell folks about the, the play on Saturday? Sure. So I went to Delta's play. It was at 1:00 PM she, Allison Wonderland. It was Allison Wonderland. She was Tweedle D of Tweedle D. And Tweedle dumb. Her Best friend was Tweedle dumb.


And yeah. Well we've discussed, sometimes we've discussed the plays at your kids' school and it's no shade, but it is shade. That's why like there's no way to talk. It's not shade. I'll tell you why. It's not shade. Every movie you see with plays for kid, this is how plays for fourth graders are. So there's like, there's no shade. They have like three rehearsals. Well I did walk out and there was a man talking to his daughter who obviously had gone to that school and he was like, I don't remember yours being this bad. So I'm just saying they're all like this. But yes, there's, there's always technical difficulties.


There's always Memorization issues. A lot Of memorization issues. Which that Yes, that I can, I thought that's what you were referring to. No. Okay. The like the play itself. The sound, the, the mic's not being on for this and that. The light being here when it should be there, like it's a mess. Yeah. And it is very funny and fun to go and see. It's what you want. It's what you want. I guess that's what I, I guess that's why I'm saying it's actually a success. It's part of the appeal. It's what you want. Because I then went to five and they had figured it all out. Like they really did. Really what it seems like is they just needed one more rehearsal. Yeah, sure. That one be a rehearsal.


'cause I had heard that like, you know, no one has their lines. People are nudging the narrator. I mean, and that's what you live for with fourth graders on stage. Delta's barking orders at people. Yeah. She's breaking the fourth wall a Lot. There is no fourth wall for Delta. Yes. People started clapping. Explain that. Okay. Well first of all she saw you and then put her tongue out like provocatively and crawled on the ground and was like, well no, No, that's not, no, That was Lincoln's reenactment of It. Yes. That's not what happened. She was already in, they were in the dance. She was in a position where she was sort of squatting. She wasn't getting down. She was like down and she was doing her move. And then she just like looked up up at us and gave us a little, I don't remember it being like nasty, but Kristen and Lincoln think it was nasty.


We thought it was Like, And it was directly to her soulmate. Yeah. Me and Ana. I think she was like to both of us, like a little like, Hey, I see you. Yeah. Like wagg my tongue at you guys. And I was ha really happy she did that because I will say it was the first time as soon as she came out Yeah. She, it was a dance thing or a song. Yeah. And Kristen was filming the whole time. You know, she was filming and, and Lincoln was cheering really, really, really, really loudly. Yeah. And Delta like looked over at us and just like shook her head Too loud. It Was just like an overall like shaking her head. And I was like, uhoh, she's mad. And we just started, we just started the plane and she's not happy.


I love too that those two could find a way to get into a little power struggle. Not even in the same Exactly. Reality. Exactly. And so then every time she came out she was clearly like, she was pretty annoyed by the way, like this play was going. And so then later when she did that like Winky thing to me and Anna, I was like, oh, maybe it's lifted. Maybe she's happy now. Now she's having fun. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. But yes, she came out, she had like, they had this big scene and Lincoln was cheering again, like really loud, but also like screaming her name. Yeah. Yeah. Delta said this song isn't even over yet. And then they did their thing. But then something happened with the mic.


The mic. And so she was upset about that. I think she said, this sucks out loud. Well, After she got off stage. Yeah. This was fun. This was a more of a detective thing that followed me going, which is some kid when they walked off stage said, well that sucked. Yeah. And they still their mic on. Right. Exactly. And that was the last thing the audience heard. So I heard that from a parent at the five o'clock. Like, oh my God. The funny, the funniest part of the whole thing was at the end, one of them just said, well that sucked. And I go, that sounds like my kid for sure. And then I'm telling Delta later, I go, yeah, I guess someone said, well that sucked. And she goes, boy, that I feel like I might have said that.


And I go, good. 'cause I, I, it really felt like it would definitely be something you would say to Gerald. Yeah. I think it was Her. I think it was her. But also in, while she was still on stage, there was a snafu with like the mic situation. And then she was like, she got upset about that. And then she did say, she did say like, no, you're supposed to say this. You know, there was a lot of people saying, no, now you say this. Now you say this, you say this. Yeah. There's a lot of that going on. Oh, there's nothing better. It was really funny. It was really, really funny. So I got the report from everyone that that's what had gone down. And so I was so excited to go to five o'clock. Yeah. And five o'clock went off with almost without a hitch.


Yeah. Everyone knew their lines. That's all the mics were working. Sure. I was delighted that she still was fully breaking the fourth walk because What did she do in that one? Well she Saw me. Yeah. And I was like, you know, cheering and waving and then she started waving at me and then she was doing the I Love You hand signs to me. And then she was doing the heart thing to me. Yeah. And, and just really blasting me from the stage. Sure. And I just, it made me so happy and I was laughing. Yeah. So hard. And it was, God was it fun? And I'm gonna commend them on this too. They kept that fucking thing under an hour. And that's, that's incredible for these kids' plays. Wow. That thing that came in at an, you know, just under or about an hour. Okay. And a lot of times these plays have an intermission.


Yes. Yes. And it, it's a long time. Yeah. This was a perfect amount of time Also For this place specifically, I guess not enough people signed up. So they opened it up to like the young, young kids. So there was some really small kids involved. There was some super Cute And they were so cute. I'm telling you, one of the kids was definitely Ralphie from Christmas story. The wolf. Yep. Yeah. The wolf was, he was so cute. So cute. I know. I couldn't keep my eyes off a couple of those kids. Yeah. Though there was a little girl too with glasses. That was, I just, she was, she When you see someone like she was in it. Right. That's okay. So this is where, this is where I have some trouble.


Okay. Okay. Yeah. And I get it. This is like a school play. No one's really, I guess they are picking, but not really. They're not really picking. They're just like doing it. So the level of commitment is so varied. Oh right. Yeah. And I, I think my sense of justice sometimes starts flaring up. Oh, okay. During the place. Because I think, look at this kid. This kid is here to perform. They, They put a lot of energy In. They care so much. Yeah. They Practiced a Ton. They, they practiced, they're memorized, they're off book. And like then there are other people who haven't done anything clearly.


Yeah. Yeah. And they're ruining the play for these other people who have put in a lot of work and you know, It would make sense that you have that point of view. And I have my point of view. Yeah. 'cause I didn't wanna be an actor in school. Yeah. And clearly you're not gonna find 35 kids who are trying to become actors. We're in la Yeah. Five or six of the kids on that stage are probably going on auditions. Right. For sure. But 98% are just trying to be social after school. Yeah, exactly. And so I love, so for me, 'cause I, I wasn't trying to do that. Yeah. I'm going I'm so glad they're just having fun. Yeah, I know what you're right. What a memory of horsing around and fucking the thing up.


Yeah. And, But when I was in fifth grade, we had a play. Okay. And we did have to like, kind of audition for it in the way that they're, they're doing the same thing. Right. And it was like this weird mashup of, of Hamlet, Romeo and Juliet and Taming of the Shrew. Oh wow. Okay. I didn't wanna be an actor. Okay. At that point I didn't know anything about that. But I auditioned and I got the part of the habit. Asher. Okay, great. That's A Someone who sells Stuff. Yeah. And she, it was not a good part. And it was, I had one line. Okay. And I was very shy. Like I was so shy at that time. But I like the amount of times I practiced that one line.


It had nothing to do with wanting to be an actor. It was just like You wanted to do the right thing. I just knew like, this requires commitment. Yeah. And I nailed it. Here is the hat your worship ordered is the line. I'll never forget it. It Silly's barely even a line. Yeah. This this's a few words, but I Presented the hat. Here's the hat your worship ordered. Oh, it's really good. I hope everyone clap. And then you said, oh, it's no that's not over. So what's what's immediately great about, for me, Delta's interest in it. Yeah. She doesn't want to be Alice. She auditioned specifically to be Tweedledee with her friend Tweedle. She just wants, I love that to be in the play.


If she can be with her best friend Yes. As Tweedledee Tweedle on. Yeah. The kids that want to do it, they want the bigger parts. Right. So it's like, I already love it 'cause it's just about her and her friend. Yeah. Doing this thing together. I Agree. Yeah. Also, and they were good by the way, But they were, and so, but that also for me, a tiny bit, I was like, Delta don't do that because you're good at this is cute and good, like the tweedle deed. Tweedle dumb back and forth is a real like kind of tongue twister. Yeah. And they nailed It. And they nailed it. Yeah. And it was really, it was really good and impressive and I was like, oh man. Like, I wish we hadn't had that li I mean, it was funny for me. Yeah. And I liked it. 'cause I, you know, I just enjoy any time she's doing anything.


But I was like, like it did, it did take away from a very impressive thing that these, these two little girls were doing together. Yeah. I thought it was all very true to who she is, which is all I want for her. If that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. She was so cute in her little, in her little makeup in our outfit. Yeah. And their little exchange was tricky. It's A, it was hard. Yes. I, that's what I picked. I was like, this is fast and tricky. 'cause they're getting names wrong because Tweedle dom is dumb, presumably, and doesn't know their name. So it's like they keep introducing themselves and Tweedle dumb keeps introducing herself as Tweedle D And then they have this back and forth kind of who's on first thing.


Yes. And it's very confusing. It is. It's a lot to keep in your brain. Yeah. And I wa I was like, that's really good. And I wasn't sur surprised. I was like, no wonder she got that part. 'cause she is able to hold a lot in her. No, I don't know if any of these other, I mean, whatever, maybe they could, but like, seeing what was going on with people not being able to memorize, like very basic Choose your hat, sir. Yeah. Here's the hat. Your worship ordered. That's hard. 'cause you had worship in there. No, now I'm nervous. Oh no. You blew your line. If you can't get that, yeah. You can't do what they did. Yeah. And so I was, I was impressed. I'm gonna admit too, I'm just, I'm probably just too in love with Delta.


Whatever she does, I think I like, yeah. And I reverse engineer why that's perfect for her. 'cause I just see her being herself and I'm, and she, I'm wrapped around her finger, so I'm just, I guess I'm trying to acknowledge that I love her too, so much. And it's not, it wasn't like, oh, she shouldn't do that. It was like, oh, she doesn't have to do that. Right. She's just good enough. Right. Like she's good enough. They were good. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And it didn't, and oh, I guess also for me, I was like, I was like, don't let your, don't let your sister get rattle.


You get your head rattle you. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, now you're rattled and now you're doing this and you're in the middle of like a really cute thing that you're doing that you know how to do. Well that's impressive. Yeah. Don't let the emotion interfere here. Right, right. Sure. Sure. There's a bigger fun worldview here, which Right. Is like, if the, if the show is good. Yeah. I will not remember it when I'm 65. Yeah, Of course. So It's like, it's just interesting, like, if you can fast forward what in life you'll enjoy and care about and remember and all the parents there. Yeah. Like I'm, what I'm saying is I'm bummed I went to the five and I, the One No, I, I know and I bet most parents that went to the one had the most amount of fun.


Yes. It was so fun. I'm glad, I'm glad I went to that one and I didn't go to the five. Yeah. Yeah. It's hilarious. And, and that's just funny that about life. Let's say your kids in soccer, I guess Lincoln was in soccer. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But she was in soccer. Yeah. So I probably, I've had this experience. She was in soccer, but everyone was kind of not very good. Well, they, They had a perfect record. Yeah. You know, they lost every game and even more so like, they never scored a goal. Yeah, exactly. It's Flawless. Yeah. Flawless seasonless season. Yeah. Yeah. Which we love. But like, let's say you are watching her, and this is probably just my personalities and how I grew up, how my parents parented. Right.


If Lincoln, if you're watching and she's like, good, like really good. Yes. But something's happening that's not allowing her to like Realize her goals, Realize her goals and her potential. Do you think it's good, bad, or just personal, I guess to say it to them, like, Oh, this is a huge endless debate you have in your head the whole time. Yeah. So two things are really relevant. One is, I, I have the inclinations you have right now about Delta. I don't have, when I watch Delta, I have them towards Lincoln. Interesting. Because Lincoln and I have similar character defects.


And additionally, I would probably be less forgiving of the chaos watching a Lincoln play. 'cause she really takes it serious and wants to do great and she's Put her heart into it. Right. And so Delta's not betraying herself and she's not getting further from her goal. Yeah, That makes sense. That makes sense. Yeah. And on the soccer team, all this stuff's going on. And now what I'm feeling bad for is my friend Scott's daughter is an awesome soccer player and she's on this team with Yeah. You know, people who don't care and Yeah. People playing for the first time. Right.


And so I do, I'll observe that and I'll go like, oh, she deserves a much better team. Look how hard, I mean, literally she's, she's carrying the entire team. Yeah. And, and then the thing I have with Lincoln while watching is like, I don't want to give her a tip about passing or about kicking or scoring or any of that, but I'm fighting the urge to tell her I expect nothing from you other than you run at that person and run dead into them. You commit, you've got to get over your fear of a collision. And you minimally what you have to be is, I'm not asking you to be skilled and have all these skills, but I want you to right now acknowledge it won't hurt if you decide to confront.


Because that's so much of these young soccers is like someone's coming with the ball and the other, the defender runs up and they're just so afraid of locking legs or just confronting the way you have to. And so, and that's my age old. I want her to be brave. I don't want her to get taken advantage of her. I want her to be fearless Yeah. In defending herself. Right. So when I'm watching all, I don't care if she scores. I don't all, I just like, I don't want her to be afraid to confront that runner with the ball. And then I, then I spend the whole game debating whether I'm gonna bring that up in the car or not. Mm. And for six games, I don't bring it up. And then on the seventh game I bring it up and then I don't know if it was the right or wrong decision.


Yeah. Everyone has different beliefs about the world. And then I guess you're just imparting it on your kids. So like each kid is gonna get a different thing. And I can totally acknowledge both sides of it. There's like a group of people that are taking life really serious and they're trying their ass off. And it's very unfair to them that oth some other people are just here to have a blast. Well, It's not unfair. No, no, no. I don't, I don't think that's the problem. The problem is if you do care. Yeah. Right. Like if, if she's like, I really wanna be good at soccer, and then she isn't practicing. Right, right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like I think that is something to say, right? Yeah. Like, if you wanna be good, you can't get Good by thinking about something.


Yes. Yeah. Or if you're on the field, if you're on the field and there's like an issue, you have an issue, there's like a thing you're not good at. Yep. I think it is okay to say, Hey, let's work on this. 'cause this is where we have like trouble. If you wanna be good. Yes. If you are there to just run around and who cares. Yeah. Yeah. Your thing is bravery. And I think my thing is like commitment. Yeah. And both are legit. And I feel bad for the serious people that are annoyed by the people fucking off. And I feel bad for the people having a great time in life who people are mad at. You know? Like I, I see it all like, you know, is life a big farce? I think so. Well, you, you don't think so when you're in Costco and you're trying to get your scene done and somebody's fucking around and it's, it's interfering with you.


Great point. Yeah. Yeah. Because you care about that, right? Like that's the, and and it's Well, yep. Yeah. It's just all, I mean, it's a, we've all, we've all flown to New Mexico listen to execute this thing. It's not like you can't, you can't wander in onto a film set. Right. You know, you, but you're right. You're right. Yeah. It's the same theory. It's the same idea. It that this person's like, I'm here to have fun in this life. Yeah. And you're like, I'm here to do a job. Yeah. And the first time I was like, I get it. I might've done the same thing if I had a smaller role in the movie and I wanted to pop. And then when I said, Hey, if you keep doing this, we we're never gonna get the seen 'cause because my character can't be interrupted in this race.


And then you choose to do it. Yeah. Then I'm the person who wants to get the job done. Yeah. And someone else is fucking around. So yeah. I'm, I'm, We're all on both sides of it at different times. And now God bless him for giving me that experience because I've done a million scenes in a million, million movies and I remember very few of them. And that is so memorable and it's one of my best stories. And it's like ultimately in the game alive, I'm delighted he fucked that up so many times and all the shit happened. Right. So I guess it's like what point in time are you evaluating these things is also really relevant. Sure. Is it in the moment? Is it five years later? Is it on your deathbed? Is it, as you know? Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. Tricky stuff.


And the can't be the whole world can't be thinking this whole thing's a joke. Yeah. Because things gotta get done. Exactly. Yeah. And science has to be done and I get it. Yeah. Yeah. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by edible arrangements. There's just something special about getting a delivery isn't there? Getting a gift from Edible Arrangements is a surefire way to put a smile on someone's face. I love when people send us this. It is really fun. I'm really keen on the pineapple when they come With the chocolate. Yeah. I can't get enough of that. Yummy goodness. You probably know Edible Arrangements has delicious fresh fruit bouquets and those are great. But Edible Arrangements has so much more than that. They've got chocolate dipped fruit, new dessert boards with cakes, cookies, and brownies, balloons and even fresh flowers. And free gift wrapping is included. So your gift recipient will feel extra special. So no matter what your occasion hosting thank yous, birthdays, celebrations, Hey, even a good apology Edible Arrangements is your one-stop shop for gifting. And if you happen to forget a special occasion, no worries. Edible Arrangements has fast and flexible delivery with next day, same day, and even one hour delivery options. Go to edible arrangements.com and use promo code armchair 10 to save $10 on your order. Over $59. Offer ends at midnight Eastern Standard Time on December 31st. Additional terms and conditions apply. See site for details.


Oh my gosh. I guess it's a ding ding ding because this is for a Chris Nowinski. We were talking about soccer. I have a Quick David Chang update if you wanna Oh Yeah. David Chang Update. Oh gosh, I hope it's about the bread. Oh, here we go. Wild Flour Bakery and Freestone. We were coming back from visiting some friends and they said the bread there was great And it was And it was Wild Flour Bakery. Wow. Shout out. Yeah, You, you did a whole graphic here Rob. I did. I Had a little more time for this one. Nice. Now Rob, how do you deal? Because Rob, you do everything right. It's something I am so grateful to you for. You are such a meticulous planner and just a great manager of all things that need doing.


Does it drive, did it drive you nuts growing up when people just were fucking off and didn't give a shit? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm sorry. On behalf of us. I'm Sorry. I mean, I was also the one doing it, so depending on what it was for too, Right? Yep. Yep, yep, yep. Okay. Chris. Chris Re show me those creamy Hamstrings. I used to be able to do a voice, but now I've lost my Is registered. What is it? It's a family guy character. He always wants Chris to come in his basement and show him his creamy hamstrings or creamy thighs. Oh no. I mean he's clearly a pedophile, but they find a way to make it quite cute and funny God in the cartoon. Oh yeah.


Wow. Okay. So I said that no one on the football team was in my AP classes. And that's not true. Uhoh there at least was there was at least one Doug Sellers shout out. I remembered him after the fact and there might have been more. I don't know when was tough enough the TV show on and how many seasons of Real World had there been? There are six seasons starting in 2001 and the first episode of Real World was in 92 In nine years. Yeah. So it was in its 10th season when Tough Enough started And as I told you, in 96, I partied with Pedro. Yes, Yes you did. Who was a who?


Season one season? San Francisco. Real World. Wow. Since passed. Sweet, sweet guy. What a fun night we had. Okay. How many people currently play high school football in the United States? In the 2324 school year, over 1 million high school students in the US participated in 11 player football. This number includes 99% boys. For boys. It is the most popular high school sport with over a million players. Now do you think that remaining 1% that's girls that's, do they have a girl league or there's girls playing on the boys football team? It's a great question. You wanna know something? I'm embarrassed to admit what? I'm deep in my Friday nightlights rewatch.


I cannot recommend it enough for people with kids. It's such a fun family show. Yes. We've never had more fun watching a show together. Fun. It's just so fun. Just it's a drug. We love it. Yeah. We fight every night about when to turn it off. It never occurred to me that they can practice that. Of course they can. They can just play games in practice. Yeah. Because the team is split into two teams. Yeah. The defense, I don't, I don't know why that never crossed my mind. Like we're watching Friday Night Lights and they practice a ton on the show and I'm like, oh duh. Yeah. They can play a real game endlessly. Right. Because they have everyone they need. True. You can't do that in basketball. I mean you're, you're just, you'd be splitting up some. You split it.


Yeah. Yeah. It's just, it's very in. I don't know why that number crossed my mind. It's hard though. 'cause you aren't playing like the best, like you're not playing against, unless Your team has the best defense. Right. I guess then you almost have, your offense almost has an advantage. 'cause they're being forced to play against. That's the best defense. That's true. It's probably like a, A virtuous cycle. Yeah. Probably. Hmm. H hockey gets that a little bit. 'cause you've got four offensive lines and three Defensive lines. Yes. But then you're gonna have like, it's goal is gonna be half as good. Talk about a fucking position. I would not want to have No way. There's all these things where consistency is important. Yeah. Those are not good things for me. Yeah. Or everything.


Your whole job boils down to one second. Like, I need a lot of time and I need to be intermittently good and I'm gonna be bad intermittently. That's kind of how I can operate. Interesting. Does that make sense? Yeah. You, you think you can't like make the shot when it counts, But even when you make the shot, you've been dribbling for a while and you made a couple moves and you're in your rhythm. This is just, you're standing dead still and you're up. Right. And here it comes. Right. Yeah. Or You gotta be perfect. That's true. With no leadup. That's true. I need leadup. That's why I don't, that's why I like driving is like anyone will tell you. Like it's very rare that a a dr. Unless you're in F1.


Yeah. There's 21 turns on a track. You're not acing. All 21 turns on a track. You've blown one, you're recovering on a couple and that's standard. Right. So now it's just like a percentage of how good you, so that works for me. Yeah. You have a lot of time to make mistakes and recover and be perfect and then not good. But these jobs that require you to be excellent every time. Yeah. Scare the bejesus outta me a symphony orchestra player. Mm. So, so impressive. I need to be a jazz like improv. Yeah. Or it's like, some of it's like, I don't know. Is that okay? And now, whoa. That was a nice lick. Yeah. Did you hear Skype is done? What? Skype. It went away.


It lost out to Zoom. It did Was Skype owned by something else. Microsoft. Microsoft, yeah. It's hard to feel bad for Microsoft. I know. But it's just like, I feel so bad for Skype. They, they really shit the bed during the, the Pandemic weird. That didn't take off. It was, it was already there. It was there. It was there. It could have been. That might speak to like if you didn't catch the learning curve initially, you think it's insurmountable and you'd rather just learn the new thing that came your way and everyone's figuring it out. Well, this'll comfort you. I just weirdly stumble. I don't know why I read an article about quarterly profits and Microsoft's quarterly profit was $70 billion.


That's, they're quarterly. That's pretty good. That's not, yeah, that's awesome. Like two, 280 billion is what they'll profit. It's nuts this year. Yeah. I just feel like the story of Skype is a sad one. They were in leading position. Yeah. To take the pandemic and they didn't, they let this like this little like, well brand, Isn't that the story of the internet? It's like you had Yahoo, you had a OL, all these things that seem like in, you know, institutions. Yeah. And some of the, they just a OL bought Warner Brothers in Time Warner and just vanished. Yeah. I mean there was, so at the beginning of the pandemic it was, we were saying like, we'll Skype you now, we'll Skype you in, but we were using Zoom.


Right? Like the verb was Skype. Yeah. And it wasn't even being used. It didn't work out. I guess it's an underdog story too, which we like. Yeah. I have friends who invented a very popular one and I had to, and I even had to talk to 'em and I was like, I don't want to use yours. I want to use Zoom. Ouch. Okay. The percentage of high school football footballers who make it to the NFL of The million, we just learned that play football. Right. Okay. A tiny fraction of high school football players, roughly 0.023% make it to the NFL. This means that for every thousand high school football players, 23 will about 23 will eventually play in the NFL.


Which I thought was kind of like a lot. That's what the article says. Yep. God, that seems, yeah, that seems really, really high. Because how many people get into the NFL every year? Let's see, how Many people, like how many are drafted? 250. 257. 2 57. So that would mean there was only a hundred thousand players. Hmm. Of age? Well, yeah, exactly. Senior year. Right. I guess there's the million playing football might include junior high football players and youth football. And Maybe it includes rec Definitely nine through 12.


It definitely includes nine through 12. Okay. And then 9, 10, 11 obviously aren't drafted. Yeah. So there's approximately 77,000 college football players. So fourth of those are probably of age to then go get drafted. And then, did you say 300 get drafted? 257. Wow. God. I mean that's, that just seems really impossible. Which one doesn't it that a few hundred will go every year? Oh, I know. Outta 77,000 that are already playing in college. So hard to Someone's impossible to play college Football. Yeah, I know.


Really hard to do. Again, Frank Lights smashes. He thinks he's going to the NFL. Everyone thinks they're going to the NFL. Yeah. Well you gotta, you gotta dream big. I mean, you gotta go for it. Yeah. I think that might be it for Chris. I loved this episode, obviously. I'm trying to think what the equivalent episode would be for me. It's a very important topic and I'm glad we covered it. Yeah, me too. Can you think of an obsession of mine that might be fun. It would be car related, I guess. Well, No, total Wolf. This isn't shopping Mine's Total Wolf. Well, that would be Anna Win tort. This is like, oh, okay. What's your cost? Like what do you care is is being talked about? That's not being talked about.


Yeah. We've had a couple people that their main concern was that we're not listening to each other. Right. That was really rewarding. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. So Chris, and he was very cool and nice. Yes. Yeah. Very cool. All right, love, love you. Follow Armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts.


Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey


At 24. I lost my narrative, or rather it was stolen from me and the Monica Lewinsky that my friends and family knew was usurped by false narratives, callous jokes and politics. I would define reclaiming as to take back what was yours. Something you possess is lost or stolen and ultimately you triumph in finding it again. So I think listeners can expect me to be chatting with folks both recognizable and unrecognizable names about the way that people have navigated roads to triumph. My hope is that people will finish an episode of reclaiming and feel like they filled their tank up, they connected with the people that I'm talking to, and leave with maybe some nuggets that help them feel a little more hopeful. Follow reclaiming with Monica Lewinsky on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to reclaiming early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts.