
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dak. She and I'm joined by Monica Padman. Hi. Today we have Kristin Meti on. She's a star. She's a star. She's hyper talented, she's a force of nature. She's Been in everything, she's been In everything. Incredible career. Palm Springs, How I Met Your Mother, black Mirror made for love the resort and her incredibly standout work on The Penguin, which we are here to talk at length about. She's so good on that. And we're gonna announce our armchair anonymous prompts. Okay, great. Okay. So get out your pen and paper, get ready to submit.


Tell us about a crazy jury duty experience. Oh, I'm So excited for this. Yeah. My friend Tim loves dad texted me and said, Hey, I, I, I want to tell a jury story. Oh, great. Yeah. So we're gonna have a friend on for that one. Tell us a crazy story about finding a foreign object in a patient's butt. You can be a nurse, you can be a doctor, you can be a, Can you be a civilian? Sure. Yeah. Alright. Tell us about a crazy 4th of July disaster. Hold On the butt one. I bet we're gonna get some moms. Oh, it's kids putting items in their butt. Maybe just Keep it like, make sure you ask your kids permission. Actually, yeah.


Don't, but just don't say their name. Okay. Tell us about a crazy fourth. The July disaster. Tell us about a crazy sleepwalking experience. This is a part two. We had a really exciting episode previously. Tell us a crazy cop story. Woo woo woo. Wild card. This is, you know, everyone collects these. Yeah. We love the wild card. We love wild cards. So tell us a crazy wild card story. Ah, without further ado, please enjoy Cristin Milioti.


Get Into your body's vitals. With the Vitals app on Apple Watch. I wanna get The vitals. App tracks key overnight metrics so you can spot changes in your health before you feel them. The Vitals app on Apple Watch iPhone 10 s are later required. The Vitals app is for wellness purposes only, and not for medical use.


We are supported by Domino's. You'd be hard pressed to find two people that love Domino's more than you and I. It's an integral part of our friendship. When we were just baby friends, We discovered we both love Domino's and we ordered it with reckless abandon. If you haven't tried Domino's new Parmesan stuffed crust pizza yet. What are you waiting for? What? With a buttery flavored crust, melty cheese and real Parmesan sprinkled on top. Oh. Every bite is absolutely packed with flavor. Order one today@dominoes.com.


You want a coffee or Anything? No. I've like very caffeinated. You're Caffeine to the hilt. I'm caffeine to the hilt. Nice. What's your sweet spot of caffeine intake? Where it's productive, it's helpful, and then it's destructive. Do we know the cutoff? I've yet To find it. I saw I still, after all this time alive, haven't been able to find the line. So You do go too far sometimes. Oh, all The time. Oh, wonderful. Yeah. I did it this morning. You did? Yeah. And what was that intake? Well, I had a canned latte from the hotel mini bar. Oh great. 'cause I don't live here. And then I walked to Eron. I'm like a moths to a flame, unfortunately with that 'cause we don't have anything like that in New York. Yeah. And then I got a regular coffee. I don't go there, but I had did go in there one time. 'cause a friend of mine who was also sober was like, you gotta go get this smoothie there.


It's cocaine and it's not a relapse. Which one? I can't remember. But it was like a 21 Bath ba probably Dober. Yeah. They're all like that. You are aware that you're being actively bamboozled. But it's a little bit like I feel when I walk in there, I'm in agreement with it. Look, you're bamboozling me at Casino. It's a casino for health food. You're gonna gimme a great juice. I know you're hosing me. Yes. You're bending me over And I'm gonna just buy it because I do want the taste right now. It reminds me of like an FAO Schwartz because I know all the sections and I get excited. Now back to your coffee though. The thing I'm gonna say about it is it's a little bit like taking pot brownies before everything was legalized and you knew what was in them. Yeah. Where it was Russian roulette. You don't really know. You're gonna get the brownie with like a hundred milligrams.


Yeah, sure. THC or one because er one's like it was single batch from this Mountain. Yeah. Yeah. Ecuadorian often it could have could Six x the caffeine you're expecting. But that's the gamble. Yeah. That's the fun of it. That's the ride. I think one time we went on Postmates and went to a and was creating the most expensive smoothie we could. We didn't order, but we just wanted to see what could you get to. Yeah. Because there's all these add-ons you can do. Yeah. And I think we got to like $43. Yeah, sounds about right. So I'm gonna say of the many people I've researched over 800 at this point, I've never gone to the early life and not one word about the parents. Oh really?


Are you parentless? No. Oh, thank God. Oh my God. Not At all. I'm so relieved. No, no. Cherry Hill, New Jersey. Cherry Hill, New Jersey. Of course, when I think of New Jersey, I immediately go, oh, it's gonna be a suburb of New York. But no, A suburb of Philadelphia. Suburb Of Philadelphia. And I dunno how much time you've spent New Jersey, we get kind of like a weird wrap. I think most people, and this is very much in our blood, they associate us with the Sopranos or with the Jersey Shore. And that element is definitely there. But I couldn't wait to get outta New Jersey when I was growing up there. And now as an adult, I realize, realized what a special place. There's like something in the water there. Yeah. It's very spooky and mystical. Ooh. Yeah. And there's a lot of big emotions there. And we have the pine barons, but then we also have the ocean.


What's The pine barons? The pine barons is where the jersey devil allegedly lives. The Jersey Devil. It's in the Sopranos. They Go kill people there. The Russian, They take the Russian there and then they get lost. Yes. A lot of schools in New Jersey take you there to teach you about the land you're on. You go through these swamps and bogs and it's really legitimately like the forest and beauty and the beast where he can choose one of the two roads and he is like the spooky one. Yeah. Yeah. But it's really cool. Okay. So what did mom and dad do? My mom, she's a banker and then my dad works in it. He handles tech for small businesses. Okay. Siblings, Younger brother. How much younger? Seven Years. I Have an eight year gap. Were you cruel to him like Monica was?


To Neil? I think I was early on because seven years is your two different generations. You Are an only child. Right. But he is one of my favorite people in the entire universe. Okay. He grew into someone. He's Just fabulous. Do you think he benefited from having an older sister? As I've seen many boys who had older sisters turned out better. Maybe He's like a golden human being, but I don't know how much I had to do with that. You should take Them. Yeah. You're Allowed to take credit. Don't be afraid. The big fun turn in your life happens at Long Lake Camp. Wow. You guys do deep art. Yeah. And now this is an East coast thing. Monica and I are always perplexed by anytime we interview someone from the East coast camp life.


Are you West coast? No, Detroit, Atlanta. And I'm from, yeah, the south. So many of my cousins, I grew up going to like Kennesaw. Oh sure. For Christmas Law. What's Kennesaw? What's the vibe there? It's A little more rural there. Yes. I would say Marietta too. That's More suburban like where I grew up. Did they introduce you to any weird country shit when you were there? No, Not that I can recall. But I just love the accents down there. They're like a warm bath. Yeah, but were they setting fires and stuff more? No, there was no Fires. No ATVs? No, No ATVs. Oh, you have an ATT V out there. Several very well stacked with ATVs. Where do you ride them? All over the country, But not around la. Yeah. We have the best sand dunes in the world outside of Dubai and the Middle East in Glams, California on the border of Mexico.


400 square miles of huge sand dunes. Whoa. But no, he doesn't drive it down low fields. Yeah, that's what I was, I just did the RS one last week. Did Yeah. 'cause it just got back from getting the turbo tins. Can you get pulled over? Is it illegal? Yes. Highly illegal. Oh. But the city, I don't know if you've noticed, this is happening in New York where everyone rides dirt bikes on the street now with no helmet and they're doing wheelies. There's been some movement and everyone's just like, we're just not gonna deal with it. We have every now and then at an intersection, like eight tricked out. They're not motorcycles, but they're not dirt bikes. Four wheelers. But then sometimes there's just one long wheel. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. They'll take over an intersection and do donuts and like do like Rear up and then it'll disappear. When you see that, what is your thought? And you're not allowed to use the word horny.


That's the only word you're not allowed To use. You're allowed. Of course. Don't worry. That word doesn't come to mind when I Say that. Okay. So do you think it's cool When I see that I have a little bit of like a, oh, okay. You have some pity. Like you feel bad for the boys trying to be manly. But I also get it whenever I've done like a go-kart somewhere, I feel like the king of the world. Yeah. Yes. And so I also can imagine what it must be like. I'm a real fan of petty cabs in New York Petty cabs. How do they differ? They're only in Times Square. Oh, it's the bicycle with the, oh, they're like $10 a minute. It's a really poor investment, but they let you choose the music and they blast the music and they ride through all the taxis. Oh, sure. And it's like thrilling. Yes. Yes. And obviously that's a gentler version of riding an A TV through Times Square.


Yeah. But I do get it. It's the loudness that I don't like. It's only the volume things Are moving into the electric space. I just am getting my very first electric dirt bike. It's en route right now, but you've kind of nailed it. The appeal. Two things. So both my daughters ride motorcycles, the youngest one just recently actually got into it in the way that you need to get into it. We were riding in the neighborhood and she was like right next to me and she goes, oh my God, dad, I get it. What's so cool is you're in total control. And I'm like, yes. That is the whole thing. I tell to do this and it does that. Then there's also, it's a break from the given reality. Like you're on a street, you're supposed to make a left turn. Yeah. It's in a grid. And then you have this thing with suspension. You can drive on the sidewalk. You can split between the traffic.


So it does feel like a superpower as well. Yeah. That's a part of the appeal. I've never explored this topic as in depth. It is just the noise that bothers me. It Is intrusive. It's obnoxious. And yet I live in New York. I'm surrounded by loud noise. But there's something about that like, because everything else I'm like, oh, I would love this. And it feels probably a little toxic. It's a little aggressive. Yeah. Or Something. It's the scary side of maleness Maybe That Part of it seems so unnecessary. And it scares dogs and it scares kids. It sets off car alarms. I know. It feels like selfish. It feels selfish. It's like you like this thing so much that you don't care that this is bothering the entire city. Right. With your noise. But I wrote a moped in Paris once. It was like living inside of a song.


This is so transportive and it's such a precious memory, so I get it. But mopeds aren't loud. The Experience of traveling briskly is just taken for granted. And in a car you're kind of removed from the sensation. But when you're on two wheels with nothing around you, it's as close as you get to riding a horse somewhere. Yeah. I bet You're very aware of this neat gift we've gotten where we can go places quicker than we would otherwise be able to. Yeah. I've never ridden on a motorcycle. Well, After this interview we're gonna Okay, we're gonna hop on. We'll take a Yeah. But it would scare me here just 'cause of how everyone's texting and driving for Sure. Watching movies, smoking weed. I see guys watching pornography on the way home and I just think, oh my god, my God, it's that bad.


We've really rotted, See, really taken a turn. I have a really good glimpse of this city because of lane splitting and just seeing what everyone's doing in their cars all the time. And very few people are driving. Yeah. Yeah. Oh God, that porn one really got you. Yeah, it does. Well 'cause it hurt my soul a little Bit. We're chimpanzees that are in mechanized machines. I know. So that's why I'd be afraid to ride a motorcycle here, I guess. Okay. Back to Long Lake Camp. So that's kind of a thing we didn't experience. I'm very envious of it. I know, right? Sounds fun. It was cool. How did you end up there? Something my Parents suggested, and I didn't have a lot of friends, I don't know this for a fact, but I think they were like, we're gonna just make you be social. And I was bullied a lot during that time of my life.


But at camp I was there with a lot of other kids that I think were also experiencing that. And I was king of camp. It was run by hippies and I was only there for I think two weeks. It became this beacon where I, for those two weeks was fully accepted and so confident and my full strange self. Was it an arts camp? It was like they did sports as well, but it was mostly artsy kids. Okay, got it. It was just really special. Well, first of all, I want to know what your explanation is for why that was all happening. Oh, yeah. In the public school, but then also, yes, just to visit someplace and go, oh, okay. So there will be places I will fit in.


Yes. It has gotta be the most optimistic thing that could happen. It's Such a helpful thing. It it buys you hope. It gave me these little bursts of confidence too, where I was deserving of not being shoved into a wall Yeah. Or Something. Oh, okay. So why wasn't it working? It actually kind of all happened at the same time. I definitely had friends. I was a soccer player and I was just like a regular kid in New Jersey, suburban elementary school. But I had different pop culture references. I just didn't totally fit in. And then I went to this camp for the first year, had this incredible awakening where I felt like I was king of camp. And the hottest girl at camp that summer was from Venezuela. She was 16 and she shaved her head at camp.


Yeah. And it was like the coolest thing that had ever happened. And the entire camp was like, and she had a nose ring, no makeup. It was like INE O'Connor. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. And so then I got home from those couple weeks and I shaved my head, Rob, what? Oh, you have it. Okay. You have it. So you do. Wow. So Hit my head is among, among the cutest photos I've ever seen of a human on planet Earth. I know. It's really Cute. That's a week into a new middle school, Sixth grade, Seventh. I don't know. A lot of the kids I'm stressed. Do you know what I mean? Yes. I think this is really, really sweet and so cute. And I have almost cried because you know exactly what happened when that kid walks in the door of a middle school with 2000 other kids.


Right. The high school you ultimately graduated from was Cherry Hill East, which implies Yeah, there's a west. Right. So this is like a huge district, giant Sprawling suburb. Okay. So for the listener who can't see, it's a buzz cut. It's not because shame Is not. Yeah. It was a buzz cut because my mom took me, and to my mom's credit and my dad's credit, I didn't do this myself. I came home and was like, Hey, I want this. And they were like, okay. It felt really mean. But I did want to say, you can't tell when you said I didn't do this myself. I know you can't tell. Picture day is halfway through the year, maybe a couple months in and Grown out a little bit. Grown a little Bit. I love you. You know What makes me so sad about it? Tell me. And I want our listeners to really think about this.


All of our middle school listeners. No, no. Our adult listeners, when I see that, I know me as a middle schooler, everyone's just trying to survive middle school. Yes. And make it through without getting shoved in a locker. Yes. That I know. And this is so regrettable and sad that if this sweet, sweet child walked in, I would turn, I can't be friends. Oh, absolutely. I'm saying that. But Hearting No, And I Know that. Yeah. They're doing something you're afraid to do. Yes. In a way that's scary. I Mean, you can see, like I, I was like a tender. Yeah, you're a little Bambi. Yeah, yeah. Now here's what's deeply unfair about the world. So I too, in seventh grade, I had a mohawk, but because I'm a boy and it was so not what you were supposed to do.


Yeah, Sure. Girls were like, oh, this guy is so confident in a man or a boy. That kind of quote, bravery was rewarded. I was like, He's bad. That's cool. And that's unfair, but I'm promising you right now. Yeah. I would've a hundred percent been friends with you. Really? Oh, absolutely. I would've been drawn to this like a moth to a plane. Well, well, I would've seen what you were up to. And I was doing a similar thing and I would've been like, all right, I'm gonna pass you notes in class and we're gonna get through this. Well, It was such a 180 of feelings. So good for those few weeks over the summer and then coming in and I was like silent for months. Ugh. I was like afraid to talk. And you were reminded of the other world Tenfold because at least before I had long hair, I could kind of Blend.


Blend. And I of course was aware of the social situation too, of that age. It does feel like Lord of the flies, if you think I'm stupid, look over there. Get It So sad that that's how humans are. I know. Yeah. Well, I love her. I do too. This picture made me so happy when I saw it. And you should have been absolutely rewarded. You should have skyrocketed to number one status. Yeah. I really did not. What's the opposite of skyrocketing? Plummeting? Plummet to the Mariana Trench? Was it girls who were mainly both? It was both. That Was the other thing though. The boys thought I was a young boy, so they would truly like throw me into the wall and then be like, oh, oh, You have girl parts. It was both sides. I truly was a unifier in terms of people.


You got to experience on me what? Unfortunately, the smallest boy in a class experiences, which just any kid trying to earn his stripes is gonna shove him randomly. Exactly. Oh boy. Yeah. Did it level off? Did you find a sweet spot in your schooling? The way that it leveled off was that the only kids that were nice to me were the drama kids. There were like a couple girls in the middle school theater department, which oh my God. What? I wouldn't give for the footage of the plays that we did, but they were like, you can hang with us. And I started going to these rehearsals and drama classes and I was like, oh, I love this. I can have fun and disappear probably also. These kids are nice to me. And it was like a version of camp.


You're right. There was a little tiny safe space In the cafeteria where we would rehearse after school. I felt this grand relief and that I could giggle again. It just was a respite. And so it was a really actually fortuitous way to find myself in acting a famously stable industry. Yeah, yeah. Full of mentally Well, people were Successful, heal all those wounds magically. Yeah. And then you went to NYU. Yes. Right outta high school. Right outta high school. Okay. Now you shared this in common with Kristen. I think she left, maybe you left a little earlier than her. I Left halfway through my sophomore year to go do theater. No, just to take a leap. Get the fuck outta there. I was like, get me outta here. Yeah. What didn't you enjoy about it?


I wrote down the quote you said about it wildly unhappy. Yeah. I was like, oh God, what do I say? Sometimes interviews make me really nervous 'cause Oh, they do. Things are read back to me and I'm like, I don't feel that way anymore. And it's very strange to adhere to. And also who cares? No one's thinking about it that much, but it's sometimes an odd sensation to be like, oh, oh God. I did. Huh? When did I say that? Why? I Agree with you. I think it would be easy for people that read interviews to think the answer that was given was one that was well thought out as opposed to, I am obliged to answer this in some way immediately. Yes. And so I'm gonna do my best at it. And it's not necessarily your walking opinion of everything. Totally.


It's me trying to figure something out in the moment just so you can evolve. You evolve the way you think about things. Changes. Totally. But wildly unhappy. I wasn't wrong. Just say that in this one. Say it's actually like pretty accurate. I knew that I was accruing debt and I was in a musical theater program. I was at Tisch, I was in Cap 21. That's Kristin as well. Really? I didn't know that. Yes, yes. I dunno what her experience was, but I was doing some stuff every day that I thought was cool, like tap dancing class. But then I would be like in the middle of tap dancing and I'd be like, I'm going into debt. Yeah. To learn to tap Dance. I'm never gonna tap dance. I'm not good at this. Right. Yeah. I love this as like an experience, but I'm not gonna be in anything goes. And then we would do scenes from Chekhov.


This sounds so theater studenty. But I was like, oh, I love this. And then they'd be like, well, that was the 20 minutes we gave to Chekhov. So now we go to ballet and I get what they were doing, but I felt like a square peg in round hole a little Bit. Were you lonely going To New York? Even though that's where I've like wanted to live always. And I will never not live there. Was overwhelming for an 18-year-old. I also wasn't a great student, and I didn't understand that. NYU is like a liberal arts program, so you have to take regular classes. I thought it was a conservatory. Imagine my surprise. Also, why didn't I research that? But I just wanted to be an actor in New York. And I showed up and they were like, okay, you have tap dancing class on Thursday and then on Friday you have to study French history. And I was like, oh, sorry, I didn't wanna do that.


And they were like, well, that's the program. And I was like, huh. Interesting. Right? I didn't realize That. Yeah, you're gonna take some biology. So I think that was part of it too, too. And I was like, this is not what I thought it was. And so then I left. Were mom and dad at all disappointed or scared? They Were really supportive. They were definitely like, listen, you've made this decision. We support it, but you have to now go support Yourself. Last question on that. Yeah. Is it also possible that you had had an expectation or a fantasy that it was gonna be like camp, you were gonna land in your group and be seen? Yeah. And then you got there and it was like, no, I'm lonely here. Music has always been a huge part of my life. And I love musical theater so much, but I didn't quite fit into that world.


I've done a couple musicals, but they've all been not conventional. Yeah. They're not like thoroughly modern Millie. Yeah. And I say that as a huge fan of thoroughly modern Millie. They're different. I sound different. So I think I also just felt like I was in the wrong place. Yeah. I don't know how to say what you're saying without it being a pejorative, but yes, there's a kind of type of musical theater performer. It's a very specific kind of thing that works really well, which I also Love. Like Fiona Apple's Not Gonna Be, And That's my girl. That's Right. And they're not, by the way, gonna end up on Sopranos. Sure. Sure. Okay. So yes, in oh six, shortly after you've left NYU. Now, I can't imagine anything more exciting for a girl from New Jersey to be on Sopranos.


Clearly everyone in your family's watching it. No, we couldn't afford HBO, so I had never seen it. Oh, I just watched The Sopranos for the first time two years ago. It was wasted on me. But thank God best Show ever with the best performance by an actor of all time. I had Resisted it. 'cause I was like, certainly it can't live up. Right. The expectations of being the greatest show of all time. It is the greatest show of all time. And thank God I didn't know, because for me, I just was like, whoa. I knew who they were. But the most exciting part of that experience for me was that Steve BMI directed it. I grew up watching the Coen Brothers films with my dad. We would watch a lot of movies together, him and I, and certainly movies that I probably shouldn't have been seeing. Yeah, sure.


Sure. That's how it should be. Yeah. And so I was like a huge Steve Buscemi fan, and that was actually the part that I would start shaking. Yeah. Yeah. Did you see him in the studio or are you watching the studio? Yes. Buscemi guy. Yeah. He's So wonderful. But he's great. He's wonderful in everything. And he was so kind to me. How old were you? 19. It was your first job? Yeah, first Time on TV in Sopranos. Wow. And like really not Knowing, missing it. Like missing it. No, not completely. I knew it was a big deal intellectually where I was like, I see the posters on this show on Rus. I know, of course. Who all these people are. Wow. If you cared, you wouldn't have booked it at that age. When you walk in, you're brand new and you're obsessed with the thing.


It wouldn't have happened. Yeah. I watched a clip of it today. You Did? I'm not good on it. Yeah, You are. You're really good. When I watched it, not that I had forgotten that I was on it. Oh, right, Right, right. And then when you were watching It, but when I was rewatching, like that episode started and I was like, wait, why have I seen that before? Oh my. And then I was like, oh my God, I'm about to appear on the screen. And it took me a second. And then I appear and I'm so young. Oh. And I'm such a little baby, and I'm like holding that cigarette and I'm yelling my lines like I'm in a theater, But it works. Wait, what do you play? I'm like a mob boss's daughter. Ironically. Ironically, Yes. But I pop in, I show up in a later episode two. You Did three, right? With a shaved head. Oh, I don't know That. Your life is really full circle.


Okay. So I did Sopranos. I didn't work for the long time. And I did a bunch of odd jobs. And then I booked this Martin McDonough play called the Lieutenant of Anish Moore. And I was an understudy in it. It's how I got my equity card in the play. The character has a buzzed head. They buzzed my hair. And I only went on one time in like an eight month run. I Was just gonna say, as the understudy, couldn't you be like, well let's wait. It doesn't take long to buzz my hair. It's also the power of a good agent. My agent At the time was like, oh yeah, just buzzer. So do whatever. You should do it. Yeah. And I would've and did. But as I was in the middle of that, we filmed a third episode and I showed up and they were like, your hair's gone Surprise. When I got to that episode, when I was watching it, I was like, no one knew that you were his daughter. It's so random. I'm in a room with a buzzed head.


Well, they didn't put a wig on you. They Didn't put a wig on me. And I'm sitting, I don't wanna give anything away on the edge of his bed. Oh, ooh. And I was like, wow. What a delight though. For you two later, watch this thing and go, that's cool. I was in the greatest show ever made. I was in the greatest Show I ever made. You're in like the godfather of TV Kind of sim. But I did a play also a Martin McDonough play The Pillow Man. Oh. One of my favorite plays. And I loved it so much. Me and these two other girls kind of played these ghost type characters. Yeah. The ones that are in the terrifying part. Yes. She had this whole vision of us and she was like, whoever books these parts is gonna have to shave their head. Oh. And I was like, sure, I'll say that, but I'm not really gonna do it. Yeah. And then I booked it and me and this other girl were like, we're not shaving our head.


And we had to have this huge conversation with the director and she was so pissed, obviously. But I was like, I'm in college. This is for one play here. Yeah. Those parts don't require it. It Was her vision in The lieutenant of Inish Mor. It's because she's militant. Yeah. She's supposed To. She has like a gun and she's got the aviators and the shaved head. That's just artistic liberty. It was. But I also was like, am I gonna be able to do this as an actor? I'm not even willing to do this. Yeah. We ended up doing log caps and hats. Yeah, bet. I bet. That look great. I don't You don't love getting scared? Theater. Theater. I don't. But you've seen great theater. You Haven't seen many straight plays.


You get dragged Those. I the least Favorite when theater is great for me. There's nothing like it. But when it's bad, there's nothing like it. Yes. Yes. It's tough. I feel like it's Phish, like people who love Phish. Yeah, yeah, sure. And they're like, no, no, you gotta get the right. The possibility of failure is so high with Phish and with theater. And then you're really there. Anyways, I respect it. My issue is are we pretending we're seeing this or are we acknowledging there's people in front of us doing it? Interesting. I can't get into the paradigm of it. I've never thought about it that way. I went to Lion King with an ex-girlfriend's family in Seattle, and everyone was so delighted. And I was like, I'm confused. Is everyone buying into the animals are talking and they're not in front of us? Or are they going, what a cool production.


It's so beautiful. And look what the humans can do live. That would be one way to view it. And I'm caught between. I'm not sure what I'm supposed to do. I Really find that so fascinating. I would think that if you were watching the animated version too, where you're like, am I supposed to believe Z? Who's real? Yeah. Why is a movie better? Because the movie is very removed and it has this Yeah. Filter over it, which is the screen. And so yes, I can buy into like I'm watching Godfather and I can believe this world exists. I can't touch it. Do you know what I wonder? Or I don't know. I'm just trying this on, You'll get quoted later that this was your permanent opinion on this. Yeah. Like this is not necessarily how I feel in a week.


I kind of liken theater and I can't reiterate enough when it's bad. There's nothing like it in terms of a torturous experience. And I'm someone who's also been in some awful plays. And when you are in an awful play and you can like hear the seats going up as people leave, you can just feel it. And it's just excruciating. It's why you do it though. 'cause those are the stakes. Those are the stakes. You know? If it didn't have that, yeah. Then when it works, it wouldn't have violation. When theater is great, it reminds me of, I'm a very avid concert goer. I see everything. And you cry through most performances. I do cry. When you saw Joni Mitchell, you cried for three hours. I cried For three hours. Why? Where did I share that? Yeah. It's really emotional. And I think it reminds me of a place of worship. Yes.


Where I can be in communion with an experience that is so individual to that one moment in time with the people who I'm seated next to and the people who are also communing things. I wasn't raised with any organized religion. And I have wondered if that's what that at its best is supposed to offer. That there are things moving through us that are bigger than us that unite us. And I think when theater is good, my own heart and memory and life is in communion with a strangers. And with strangers in a dark room like we've gone to pray or something. I'm being so lofty, But lofty as hell. But it's good. It's right. It's cool to believe That. And I think that's maybe sometimes easier to do with a concert.


Especially because that music is something you listen to in private moments. That's what makes those things so gorgeous and emotional. But you're feeling it. You know, when I saw that got me the Fleetwood Mac one stereophonic beautiful. That was fucking radical. You begin to feel like a fly on the wall. You know what I get what you mean. Maybe I have just a, because I've been inside of them too, and I just really like theater as an art form. Oh, I am really being lofty. No, You're not. Stop self-policing yourself. Yeah. Be who you are. You're loved and you're valued and you're at camp. I do think the fly on the wall, this is also what I like about theater. You can feel like you're in the experience with them. Again, if it's really good, it's the difference. And we do this show in person, the people in it.


If somebody was a live show versus if they are watching it on YouTube or when we did Zoom interviews. Yeah. That was still great. But the electricity that's happening between people, you can't feel. Yeah. Okay. Now I talked way too long to you about theater, but oh, six year in Sopranos. And then without discrediting anything, it seems like the next moment for you is once. Yeah. You were in it for two years. I was in it for a year and a half. Is that kind of a record? Sometimes people are in things for like five years. Oh really? 10 years. Oh, it was like a year and a half when all of was said and done between doing it out of town, doing it downtown, and then doing it on Broadway. I performed over 500 times.


Wow. And you got nominated for a Tony. Okay. That's so thrilling. And you won a Grammy for it. I did. Oh my God. Well this is so exciting. Yeah. You Might get an egot. This is so exciting. You're Halfway there when you Yeah. And then you are on Glen Hansard's album. Yes. Okay. So he was on an episode of Parenthood. He came and recorded at the luncheon at which was a studio we had on this fake world. What a sweet dude to spend a week with. Did you love him? He Was lovely. And that music, I'd never seen the movie. Oh. Oh. Before I did the musical Intentionally. At That point I hadn't seen it. And then it became intentional. You know what, I'm gonna just do my own thing. And the play was different in a lot of ways, but getting to sing that music night after night, it was a really magical experience.


Yeah. Well I wish I would've seen that. Okay. Now we go to TV 2013. You play Mother on How I Met Your Mother. Yep. Big reveal. Another Show I'd never seen. Oh, I'm in that camp with you. I hadn't seen it. I loved it. I had never seen it. I am glad that I hadn't. I don't think I understood the Way the love To understand the weight And I don't. So tell me, the show's called that, and I guess I'm learning today, if you appeared on season eight and then nine. I Met in it for like six episodes. Yeah. The premise of the show is he's telling his kids about how he met their mother. And he goes back in time at the beginning of his story to tell it. So you don't know throughout the whole series who the mother is and new people are coming in and out, new girlfriends.


And it's like, oh, it's probably Robin the best friend. And then turns out it's not Kristen. It's Kristen. Kristen. Yeah. Yeah. And you didn't know. She comes in Shave, Shave with a shaved Head. I burst through the wall like the Kool-Aid man. And I go, oh yeah. And then the show ends. Oh yeah. I'm glad you didn't know because that is stressful. Because I bet. I mean, and you'll tell us, people had strong reactions to that. They Surely did. And you know, I am pretty good about staying very far away from the internet. It's not a good place for a, not a healthy space human brain to Be agree. I also Was pretty good at sheltering myself from that as well, but I definitely didn't understand the weight.


Yeah. 'cause people are like, what? We don't even know her. Yeah. We've been here for, it's a very Famously contested finale. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by dominoes. You know I have the app. Me too. It's not talked about in this ad spot. But I do gotta give a shout out to the lava cakes. Mm. They're outrageous. I want it right now. At long last, Domino's finally, finally has stuff. Crust pizza, and not just stuffed crust, Parmesan stuff. Crust. Oh man. What are you waiting for? Who doesn't love a little Parmesan? Nobody. That's who it's hard to believe it's taken them this long to make a stuffed crust pizza. But let me tell you, this was worth the wait. They've taken their buttery flavored handmade pan pizza dough and stuffed it with melty cheese. And if that wasn't enough, they topped it with garlic seasoning and Yes. Real Parmesan. I Can taste it. I love mine. Smothered with pepperoni. Ooh, more the better. Okay. All this talk about Domino's has got me hungry. And I think I've got tonight's dinner plans all figured out. Order Domino's new Parmesan stuff crust pizza on the Domino's app and use code Dax to get any three topping Parmesan stuffed crust pizza for 1199. That's code Dax on the Domino's app to try it today. Prices higher in some locations. You must ask for this limited time offer prices, participation, delivery area, and charges may vary. Delivery orders subject to local stores delivery charge.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apply for Apple card today and start earning up to 3% daily cash back on everyday purchases. And that daily cash can even grow automatically when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. What are you waiting for? Visit apple.co/card calculator today to see how much daily cash you can earn. Subject to credit approval savings available to Apple card owners. Subject to eligibility, savings. And Apple Card by Goldman Sachs. Bank. USA member FDIC. Terms and more@applecard.com.


We are supported by Liquid iv. You know how I feel about hydration, mainly electrolytes. Yeah. It's your religion. And you know what? Tis the season 'cause summer is upon us. That's right. And you gotta be extra careful about your hydration goals. Yeah. I'm going to Palm Springs this summer. Last time I went it hit records like 120 degrees. We were busting out the liquid IV And we're gonna do it again. Yeah, You just dump it right in the bottle and you're good to go. Ooh. And they have a new flavor Arctic raspberry, which I'm so excited to try. Look, it's the perfect companion for hot summer days. Liquid IV has sugar free solutions powered by LIV Hydra Science for Smart Hydration. I love Liquid Ivy. 'cause it's so simple for me to just add it to 16 ounces of water and get the hydration I need. Much better than water alone. With an optimized ration of electrolytes, essential vitamins, and clinically tested nutrients, your water will transform from ordinary into extraordinary hydration. And it's always non GMO vegan, gluten-free, dairy-free and soy-free. No matter what your summer brings, tear pour, live more. Go to liquid iv.com and get 20% off your first order with code Dax at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with code dax@liquidiv.com.


We are supported by Macy's. Let Macy's be your guide to gifting this Father's Day. Father's Day is fast approaching and Macy's is the gift destination shop for your dad or all the important men in your life. They've got a great collection of clothes for him. From brands like Lacoste, Tommy Hilfiger, Calvin Klein, Levi's and more. If you're shopping for me, I love Levi's. The selection at Macy's is massive. So whether he's more of a tailored suit, guy likes to keep a casual and some comfy shorts in a polo or only wears activewear. Macy's has all of that and more. And if you're looking for something different, you could snag him a fragrance, sunglasses, electronics, barbecue, gadgets, sleepwear, gaming equipment. They make it easy to find something dad's gonna love. So again, just grab me some Levi's. I'm size 33. Let Macy's be your guide to gifting for Father's Day. Shop now at macy's dot com or in store.


Okay. Now this is where I become aware of you is Fargo. Oh yeah. Betsy. Betsy Silverson. She has cancer. Yep. And she's Papa Ted's daughter. I Love Ted Dancing. What a man. You racked up pretty quickly some pretty significant co-stars because you also did Wolf of Wall Street. Yeah. Being opposite Leo. Do you get nervous? I did then and I do now. Okay. I get nervous with like any job. I go immediately to a place of I'm gonna fail or something. Imposter Syndrome. Imposter syndrome. Yeah. But I was certainly so nervous on that set. That was such a huge set. It's a great test of an actor. Like if you can be in scenes with Leo and you're just as captivating. Thank you. That's a tall order. People need to think about it a little bit. Like you're playing one-on-one with Jordan.


This person is gonna be riveting. That's why they're who they are. And you are gonna have to carry your side of it. Well I've Never thought about it like that. That's very kind of You. But it's true. It can also be a help because if they're that good, He's an extraordinary actor. Yeah. You can sometimes get carried into their bubble. I've been carried into people's bubbles. I wish I'd been less afraid in the beginning. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I'd never been on something that big. Yeah. And then just by way of the energy of those sets and you're working with people who are at the top of their game, They've already worked together. Yeah. But it's actually quite intimate. But the first two weeks I when I was not in my body. Yeah. Yeah. Not even remotely. When we talk about missing the Sopranos, I mean that's probably what you really missed.


Being able to be like, wow, I'm really doing it. 'cause you are so Nervous. I'm much one of the best to ever live What? Yes. With one of the best actors to ever live. It's very wild to be in those situations. It can be a disassociated experience. It Can be. But obviously this is like a huge understatement. It's so profound. And it continues to be profound. When I find myself in spaces with people whose work meant so much to me growing up every time I am so shocked. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now we're just gonna zip too. So Fargo, you were great. I loved you in Fargo. Thanks. I love that show very much. Okay. Palm Springs. Love That As well. The next show I watched was Made For Love. Oh, you watched it? I did. Okay. I Loved it.


Not everyone did. I have such a warm spot for that show. Especially because the cast is so outrageous. So much of what we explored in that show is now reality. You had an implant in you. Yes. From a tech billionaire husband. I was like married to like an Elon Musk and it really examined that whole thing. As well as having a very complicated father-daughter relationship with the astonishing Ray Romano. There was so much in there and you know, it's just sitting in a vault. Why? We were part of the tax writeoff that Warner Brothers did where remember they ripped a bunch of stuff off the platform. Oh. Oh they did. And just counted it as a loss or Loss As a loss. It was like us Westworld. That was the whole Coyote Acme.


What is that movie? And like Bat Girl? We were part of that. So you can't even watch it. Oh no. You're kidding. You cannot watch it. Can You not watch Westworld? I think you can finally watch Westworld, but I know you can't find Made for love. Wow. And it's such a bummer. Okay. So I'm a little bit aware of this strategy. I used to work for General Motors and so they have a fleet of cars that they loan to journalists so they can review them. And then this fleet of cars, when that's done being lent out, they can't really sell it 'cause it would be a liability. It's been driven on racetracks. I used to drive these cars to the crusher. They Just crush 'em. Like brand new Corvette zero ones. I was 16. I was like, oh my God, how do I get this car not to Oh God crush. Oh God. We're so, But yeah, they would crush it. 'cause then it's a total write off. I don't know if they still do this, but that's what they used to do. But yes, it's a complete write off of the full value of the car and now the car doesn't exist.


I didn't realize they could do that with movies and TV shows. That's heartbreaking. It's heartbreaking. Wanna make your fucking work vanish? Well yeah. We worked on that show for three years. Wow. Oh, it's two full seasons. That's The most you'd ever been given. Clearly. Right? I mean that show is you. I'm going through a ton. I just had never seen like a world like that either. There's so much that exists in that hub where it's all virtual reality. They just were exploring stuff. There's also stuff on it that is just such a big swing. I don't know if you watch season two, there's a character that has an affair with a dolphin. Oh, oh yeah. Yeah. It's really out there. I loved it. It's going there too. That's where our tech's gonna go. It's like AI's gonna let us talk to dolphins. Yes. People are gonna fall in love with dolphins and vice versa.


This is like what it was exploring. We've done more content on human dolphin affairs than any other show in history. We talk obsessed lot about dolphin love. We've got A whole conclusion. Well Then you're gonna wanna petition to get back. We decided the only ethical version is a male dolphin is allowed to date a female human. Huh? You did not trust Not Fully. Board. Board. I don trust A male human. Oh, I certainly don't trust A male. No. That's the female dolphins in love. But a dolphin male is gonna decide whether they are. I Don't like the collab. Yeah, I get that. Yeah. I would just prefer separate to keep It. Think of the laugh you and your dolphin husband will have in 20 years when you're listening back to this interview. We had a armchair listener write in and Tell us about his experience.


He fell in love with this dolphin at an aquarium. They had like a moment. Yeah. But he was like, it was real. I knew this dolphin. Wow. It knew me. We had a real connection. He didn't seem crazy. I really believed him. I can Get behind that. I can't totally get behind like the sex part. Yeah, yeah. Obviously I understand. I even feel that with my dog where I'm like, oh, we're really connected and you were found on the street. That's wild. Do you think maybe you knew your dog before? I don't know. No, I'm really asking. I'm starting to really take on that theory. Yeah. But we've known some of us.


I do believe that. I think It's real. You don't. Well I It's okay. You don't have to. I'm happy for you in love that you're open to astrology and you're open to that notion that makes life more fun and interesting. I'm almost envious. It's not necessarily lovers, it's like the dog where you're just like, this is not the first time. Totally. It's just like how people find each other. How do you find each other on this big planet? It would make sense to be like, we've met before. I don't think there's enough. Wow. I'm really gonna go out on a limb here. Adams to go around. Isn't there like a whole Thing with like That's the quote Atos and molecules that You can't get. Get rid of 'em. Well, energy. Yeah. Energy can't be created or destroyed. Right. They keep so like we've shared atoms anyway. Sure, sure. They're forming and reforming.


Yeah. I can't tell if you're glazing over. No, not at all. I have kids. The closest thing I can experience spirituality is through the children in that I very much agree with the very common cliche, which is when you have kids, it feels like they've existed forever. Yes. And that very much feels like there's no way these two little girls didn't always exist. Yeah. They also Kind of did. They lived in their mom that lived in the grandma. Yeah. It's very cool. Yeah. It's Cool. There's some spiritual stuff going on. I'm coming to Yes. Embrace that notion of, you think of it as so split between my father and I. But there's no split. It has the illusion of a boundary. His body and my body. But they're so the same thing. I'm open to that Part.


Yeah. But not open to astrology. Not at all. No. That's Where Do you land on astrology? Where do I land on astrology? I can understand that the time of year we're born can affect us. I don't put a ton of stock in it. That's fair. But I also sometimes will read about traits. I'm a Leo. Okay. And I'll read the trait of being a Leo and I'll be like, Ugh, that's me. Nailed it. Nailed it. And in a way I think that sometimes makes me feel less judgmental of myself. Yeah. Yeah. Forgiving. Yeah. That's A where great quality. I'm like, oh Okay. That's very Leo to do that. Yeah. When I read the Capricorn description, I'm like, yeah, that's spot on. But I also think if I read any description, you told me it was mine, I would find You can Completely do that.


Yeah. Yours Is, is so spot on. You're like a triple cap. What are you a Virgo and I'm double Virgos. Yeah. I'm laughing. It's so important. I know. But sometimes I love those conversations too. I'm The amount of times I'm gonna unauthorized biography of you and there's gonna be chapters. One's gonna be the pit. Oh, have you watched the Pit? I haven't watched The Pit, but I keep hearing about the pit. It's great. Okay. I'm gonna bring up the resort simply 'cause I just want say William Jackson Harper is like the sweetest. I love Boy Alive So much. We've played husband and wife twice. You have? Yes. In a play. Oh. Which I dunno if you would've seen, we have played a married couple on the brink of divorce twice.


Ooh. And he's one of my favorite people on the planet. One of my favorite actors. Yes. He's brilliant. I love working with him. America will know him as Chey. Yes. If you watch The Good Place, I Just love him. Okay. Alas, we have landed at The Penguin. So how did you get this role? No. Yes. I also wanna hear the Wicked audition story, which Sure. Which very Fantastic. They reached out to me and asked if I would meet with Lauren Franc, our showrunner, Matt Reeves, who did the movie Craig Zobel, who directed our first three episodes. And they sent me just the first episode and I sat with them on Zoom for two hours. 'cause I'm a huge Batman fan. Oh you are? Okay. Yeah. Huge. How would we define huge As a kid? I had posters and outfits.


Oh wow. I was like a real disciple of Batman returns. Oh no. Were you in your cape while you had your shaved head? A cape would've really made it Put A bow on it. Yeah. No, I didn't have a cape then. But Batman really attracts outcasts When I look back on why would I have loved that so much as a kid? Not that I wanna analyze it too much. 'cause I also loved Beetlejuice. I really loved Big Worlds. And you know that Tim Burton Batman Returns. You're like inside of a painting. Yeah, yeah. Michelle Pfeiffer. It is truly like I'll show everyone who's ever bullied me. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That is kind of the vibe. But like Superman's, the jock in high school, you're gorgeous, but Batman, it's almost like Will Hunting too. He is an outcast, but he is superpowers and he's got all this wealth.


Wait, What's Will Hunting. Goodwill Hunting. Never seen it. Sorry. You gotta go. I think we gotta end this. You gotta Go. Yeah, I think, sorry, I can't continue on. Never seen it. But I've seen a couple scenes where they're like, who did this problem on the board? Oh no. Our Notion is that we're different, but we're special. It's a very appealing archetype. I'm Not terribly familiar with the Marvel universe, but I think that there's a real good versus evil in that, in the way that Superman is. And in Batman it's like really blurry because he's going out. Yes. Batman himself is on the right side of justice, but he's also going out dressed in a costume. He's so traumatized and he's looking to put himself in these dangerous situations to Right.


A wrong that was done to him. And so are the villains and that, because none of them have superpowers. Interestingly, with your relationship to theater. Yes. Like I wish I could fly and I would love to, and I think it's so cool. But Now we're in a completely different reality. Batman seemingly could exist in reality, and so could Ironman. Seemingly, it's Like why I think, oh my God, get ready for this. But X-Men, I was always like, yeah. 'cause I was like, I could see you could fill someone with an exoskeleton. Oh, right. There was like something around it. Not that I need to be a hundred percent believing something, but yeah. Batman seemed like it could happen. We're living in a world run by villains. It feels like sometimes. Right now they may not have capes or specific layers. Yeah. Layers. Layers. Although I think they all do have layers. They kind of have layers. They do have layers.


But it seemed real. And did you have to read at any point for them? Yeah, I had a test with Colin. And Was he in the full garb? He was not. We read a scene together, a scene in the first episode where we have lunch and martinis and it's this long sit down and I was incredibly nervous. And then I found out a couple days later, but He's a sweetheart too, right? He was probably helpful. Salt of the earth, sweetest, Very Irish. I've really lucked out with costars. Yeah. Have all been really golden hearts. He is an extraordinary actor and an extraordinary human being. The First time you saw him in the suit, The Penguin character, It was surreal. Was that a camera test? That makeup is so incredible.


Oh my God. But like I'd watched the movies, it was sort of like, oh, the guy from the movie. Right. Do you know? I didn't see the movie. It's really, really great. Who's Our Batman? Robert Pattinson. I love his interpretation because he really leans into the blurring of the line between someone who's so damaged going out, looking to feel things hurt themselves. Yeah. Yes. It's a great movie. Hearing That description of Batman, which I think is right. I'm really surprised you aren't more into Batman. I do love Batman. And there's no reason I haven't seen the recent one, other than my kids probably wouldn't have watched it At the time. And I get to see very movies. 10 and 12. It's Dark. Yeah. Yeah. Just the other thing that Matt did so brilliantly.


Burton is very heightened. And you're almost in an art deco Matt's film feels like it's right now Darker than Nolan. 'cause Nolan went dark too. Those Nolan ones are No went fucking too. No, I would say of a world, they're different, but they both feel like you're in New York Current day. Yeah. And You're scared. Okay. So you play Sophia Falcon and you're the daughter of Mob Boss Carmine. You've spent 10 years in Aum. You're in there for 10 years. You're tortured. Yes. And you've got a pretty sizable axe to grind. Yeah. Wrongfully imprisoned. Okay. And I hate to have to always, and if I were you, I would kind of be annoyed by this. 'cause you gotta talk about Colin every time we talk about this, which is, I think in a weird way, unfair to you.


I don't know that Colin has to talk about you every interview he does. Right? Sure. So that part feels unfair. But I'm gonna bring him up only to say a, he's insanely talented. Yeah. He is one of the greats. And he has the benefit of this enormous artifice, this huge prosthetic, everything. So it's a very attention grabbing scene partner you have. But I wanna say this is such a testament to you. You don't have nearly that amount of stuff to work with. And you're blasting him in scenes like you're just so fucking powerful. Thank you. And terrifying and thanks. And subtle and plain opposite. I Mean, you are the one everyone has been talking about since the show came out. I mean, even though he's him, everyone's talking about your performance.


That's Very crazy. And I just think it's harder. 'cause you're up against a force of nature in a huge costume and you are just blasting. And that's very sweet and scaring all of us. And it's so impressive. Would you be afraid to say you're proud? Are you proud of that? I am proud Of it. Good. I feel like I am proud of so many of the things I've been in, which is different than being like I did a good job. Whenever I've watched things I've done, I've been like, Hmm, I would've done that differently. You can tinker with it forever. But I'm certainly very proud of that experience and of that character. I love that character so much. I mean, it's a real two-hander in a sense. Yeah. The upside is 10, 12 years ago, this show would've been about the son of Carmen.


Yeah. One of the other things I'm really proud of with this show, and this is a real testament to our show and our Lauren, is that I've had a lot of interactions with people about Sophia, and it's with people who would not usually be part of the demo of watching a show that's in the Batman universe. Like the old woman at the concert. Yes. Like an older woman. Actually women. Like Women say women. That's Been really profound. And it is because she is such an outsider and she does this thing. She'd very hurt. We like that. Yeah. And then she lets everybody have it. There's a real escapism and obviously because you understand what she's been through. But to see her absolutely annihilate everyone who's ever wronged her and that she's in this world that keeps telling her that she's crazy and that she's not worth anything.


And so I think that has reached a lot of people, which is very profound. It's very of the moment. Or that you're in a sub dom relationship with the doctor. Yeah. So twisted. And I kinda love it. I did too. Even Colin and I, I haven't seen a relationship like that. There's a real chemistry there. But what is that chemistry? It's like the only other person Can feel each other's pain. Yes. And knows how to twist the knife. But I don't know like how you would categorize the chemistry of those two Characters. Yeah. They should get married at some. Well, yeah. That is what don't think so. The most intimate partner does have that ability, right? To know your weaknesses And music. It feels like familial or it's a kindred spirits is how I would describe it. Yeah. It's just two very wounded people Probably knew each other in another life.


Yeah, sure. Sure. I mean, I guess we're circling back to that. This Is probably your dog with the doctor too. How do you quantify? I thought Lauren did that so beautifully. There's like these relationships where you're like, what is this? And not in a way where you're like, oh, and this is this and this is that. Yeah. Ambiguous. It's ambiguous. There'll be season two, right? We Don't know. How could you not know? It's a big hit? What are they waiting for? I dunno. Isn't it a huge hit? You gotta get on the phone. I'm gonna Call somebody. Yeah. Not that that shoot wasn't a challenge. It's like the middle of winter in New York all nights. Really intense material. But I gotta say it was such a golden experience. Our crew was incredible. The cast was incredible from people who would come in for a day to like recurring.


We all really loved it and believed in it. It must have taken a long time to shoot. 'cause it looks a really long time Impeccable. We also were shut down with the strikes for the six months in between. So it was eight months total or something. So it was like four months, then six months off, then four months. Okay. For eight episodes. Yeah. Long. Yeah. I just love it because again, yeah. I'm not a big into superheroes. This is like a mob show to me. Yeah. It's like a mixture of both, which I really like. Because then there are these moments where you're like, oh my God, I'm in Gotham. It's Batman. That's like what I loved about a lot of the AUM stuff for me as a fan. I was like, oh my God. The uniform. Yeah. Oh my God. We're back. Some of the other characters in AUM, in the comics. Go on to be other villains. It's a breeding ground. Yeah. It's so cool. Okay. You got nominated for a Golden Globe.


You got nominated for a SAG award. You got nominated for Critics Choice Award. And then when did they nominate Emmy people? Soon, I think soon. Soon. Okay. Will you please tell us This wicked story is so funny. Oh God. You Don't have to. You don't Have to. No, I will. I just feel like I've told it so many times. Okay, Then you don't have to. No, but I now I wanna, no, Basically you've auditioned. There's nothing more embarrassing. It's really something. And sometimes you go in on these things. I knew I couldn't hit that note. Do you know Wicked? Yeah. The movie and the play. Yeah. Are you talking about the play that You auditioned? Movie? No Movie? No, the mo, the John CH movie and four. So she's got, okay, You gotta hit this. You know the one do. That's a big, I can't do it. I refuse that riff at the end when she transcends SNS and transcends, actually.


Yeah. I knew there was no way I was gonna hit it. But you have to say yes to the opportunity and then Exactly. Absolutely. And do you start working with a vocal culture or anything to try to get yourself? This Was deep in COVID. Okay. So like, no, It wasn't on Zoom. Short Answer. No, it was in person for John. Yeah. Who was so lovely. Yeah. Oh, what a sweetheart. Oh God. And is it one of those, you're in the waiting room, You're like hearing Oh, People, fucking people. Cro Bright Glass. Yeah. Yeah. Break Glass and you're like breaking. You know, that was a nightmare where you spent so many years auditioning for musicals before Once and once matched the way I sing. Yep. But before that, I would be in these waiting rooms for years going in on these big musicals and just hearing through the door Chris and Chenowith.


Exactly. That type of voice. And then I would go in and I'd be like, I'm singing A Bob Dylan song. Yeah. I would sing. Oh Darling, by The Beatles. Oh my gosh. How sweet. I used to sing Carbon Monoxide by Regina Spector. Do you know that song? I didn't Know that one. I know her. I don't know if I know that one. It to me sounded musical theatery, but it's about like killing yourself. Oh, wow. And I would go in because I was like, oh, I could give them a journey or something. And so I would be hearing glass breaking from behind the door. And then I would come in and I'd be like, I will be singing Carbon Monoxide by Regina Spector. You would just sort of slowly see them. Yeah. I mean, I tried and it eventually worked. Yeah, exactly.


But I've heard her tell it. She's just haunted by the Ah, for weeks. For Weeks. That's all I could think about. 'cause I know it so well. And she goes in and she said the noise that came out tight, Tight, vocally tight. Oh. Go through any YouTube compilation of national anthem's gone wrong. Yeah. And it's like that when they try to get to like and The Rock like, but they started it too high. It was like That. Oh God. Yeah. God. They start at the very top of the Range. When you can hear in a national anthem when someone's like, oh, say. And you're like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You're not gonna get there. You're not gonna get there. And it's that I knew there was no world in which Were you like, can I start over? And it was Again, again and again. Oh, I'm so just like accumulating proud of you for putting yourself through that.


Yeah. You gotta keep doing it. I remember I auditioned a bunch of times for girls. Oh, oh, Okay. New York actor. Yeah. I Could see. Yeah. Every 23-year-old girl in New York City was gunning for that incredible show. And I auditioned a couple times for it. And then I remember watching it and I was like, oh my God. I was way off tone wise. Oh, I don't know what I thought it Was Sex in the City. I just saw Sex in the City for the first time I had, I also not seen Sex in the City. Wow. Until recently. Another one of the greatest shows ever made. It's such a show. God, what was I doing? I was, I remember going back and thinking about my audition and I was playing at a real like, will what do you, we are like four gals in New York. And I watched it and I was like, oh my God. Kristen Flay.


Yeah. I guess. Which is like totally not what it is. Or just like four girls in New York just to trying to get around or whatever. And then I watched it and I was like, oh my God, I really, Yeah. The Mark. It's a Sundance movie. Yeah. Like no wonder, I have to say, I'm impressed that you went in for Wicked at this stage in your career knowing this is gonna be hard for me. Because I think so many actors and actresses, once they hit a certain level are not like, you gotta, they're like, I can't and I don't wanna embarrass myself. And now the stakes are like, hack things are going well up, things are going well. I was like, I can sing a lot of these songs. You do this delusional deal making with yourself where you're like, well, I love that musical so much. I knew that was in no way, shape, or form a reality, but I was like, I'm gonna try.


Yeah. Good for you. It's, I think that's great. It's such a strange part of our jobs. Sometimes there's a comfort in it. 'cause sometimes I'll do jobs where they've just offered it to me. Very blessed to be in that position. But then you show up and you're like, hope you like what I've been working on. I remember there was a, my God, this is so embarrassing. I did an indie film when I was 25, and it was like the first time I'd been offered something without having to audition. And this woman had seen me do an episode of 30 Rock, but I play this really big character, and it was like a small part, two or three scenes in this movie. And she was like, I'm giving you free reign to be a character. And I was like, oh my God, this is my dream for weeks with these three scenes. I was like, okay, she's gonna be this pill addled sort of stumbling on heels.


I was going for Catherine O'Hara crossing the Field on Best In Show. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh great. Yeah. Yeah. I got there and we did the first scene and I began and she was like, stop. What are you Doing? And I was like, what am I doing? You're like, great question. Yeah. I feel like, and like I'd watched clips of Anna Nicole Smith. Oh, wow. She was supposed to be this party girl that always said a loud thing at a party, Like a Samantha type. Not even Samantha's more together, just really out of it. But I'd really missed the mark. Ah-huh. And so they held for a second while she took me aside and she was like, yeah, I don't think you can do that. Can you just do a southern accent? And I was like, yeah. Yes, absolutely.


A southern accent. A sure. A region, or you're so humiliated. And then I was like, yeah, gimme five minutes. Yeah, exactly. And then I like ran to my honey wagon. I'm gonna cry for four of the minutes. I'm gonna cry for four of them for a minute. I'm gonna just try to be like, well, We gotta bury the body. We Gotta bury the body. And also people aren't stupid. And it was a group scene. It was a group scene of a dance at someone's house too, where my character walks onto the dance floor to no music. Everyone doing that like horrible shuffle. And I walk in to be like, Hey, such and such heard about the thing. And then they were like, ah, cut. So also everyone else is now gonna see me do take two. Yes. With an accent. Yes.


So anyway, deeply humbling. What an endeavor. Well, this segues perfectly into my last question, which is you're being thoroughly recognized as you deserve, but it's happening 20 years into your career. You turned 40 this year. Yes. I guess my question is, do you have gratitude that it was delayed? Immense. Tell me, how would 25-year-old you or 30-year-old you have handled? I'm immensely grateful that it's happened in stages. I've gotten to be a part of things that I have genuinely believed in and would watch and worked with people. And it's been a long but steady ride. When I look at the pressure on people in their early twenties who get recognized in a way you've been to award shows, they are really intense.


Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. There are many things at once. You're seeing people that you haven't seen in a while who are friends and it's very joyful. But you're being filmed the whole time. You are wearing clothes that you wouldn't wear, that you're not comfortable in, but that you feel fabulous in. Everything has a dichotomy to it. Every step of the way to stand on a red carpet and get your name screamed by 80 people is extremely unnatural. Yeah. Yeah. And every time it happens, I walk away being like, huh. I feel that feeling when like your car goes over a hill, it feels Dangerous a little bit. Yes. And then each time I have to be like, oh yeah, that's not natural. Not a position you would normally find yourself in. Yeah. Like it's okay to not get used to That. Yes. If I were in those situations when I was younger, it's pressure.


I'm so glad that I got to be in my early twenties in New York just messing up. And I think I also understand too, more in a way that I may not have when I was younger. The chaos of it all and the beauty of it all, and the machine of it all. I've peeked behind some curtains at this point, and that doesn't make me any less grateful for those curtains. Yeah, yeah. Back then when it was happening, when you were in all these things, but you weren't necessarily on the cover of all these things. Sure. Did you have resentment then? Were you like, why am I not am in all these things? I'm working all the time. No, I had that when I was working really consistently in huge off Broadway. You know, Lincoln Center, playwrights Horizons, New York Theater Workshop institutions in New York.


And I was broke. I couldn't afford an AC unit. I couldn't afford my cell phone, and I couldn't understand how I was working, but starving. Yeah. And I remember feeling real frustrated at being like, but I don't know what else to do. And certainly when I would lose out on certain jobs, I would audition in pilot season for anything from a sorority sister to dead body in Trunk. Yeah. Yeah. And I wouldn't get them. Yeah. And I would be like, what am I doing wrong? Why isn't this not even happening in, why aren't I such and such? But just, why can't I afford a cell phone? Right. Yeah. Yes. And yet I'm getting the validation of being in all these plays and working with like these incredible people. So that I would say that There's a lot of dissonance. Yeah. That was very frustrating.


Yeah. I'm very grateful that I've been able to take the time that I have. It's kind of the theme of the year a little bit. Like Goggin, I was about to say. So Walton Goggins, It's very Walton Goggins where it's just like, oh, right. I now remember that this guy's been great for the last 20 years. And I Exactly. And I've been observing. He's in everything and been great in everything. And now people are really starting to say his name. Yeah. It's 51 years old. He's on the cover of everything. I Also forget, this is not the first time I've been asked this. You've been at this for a while, and maybe that's a layer of the imposter syndrome or something, but I consistently think I've only been at this for a couple years ish. Oh, okay. It's so odd. And then it's only when it's presented to me. Yeah. How do you hear that observation?


I'm So touched by it. I think it's that thing of, in my head, I always feel like I'm maybe 27. Right, Right, right, right. Yeah. I don't know what that thing is called. Is that called Be Alive in Na Fargo was four years ago. Right. That all feels very fresh still. I constantly forget that I'm 39. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Always. I'm like, oh me? No. Yeah. Wait till you're 50. Well, this has been a delight and you've so earned all this attention in fanfare. You're just fucking crazy talented. Thank you. So I'm really happy for you. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. We're happy for that little girl when we're Too. I'm Too, you should go to the Emmy's and recreate that exact look. Yeah. Maybe even get reverse Invisalign now. The irony.


'cause you do have a ton of status. Everyone would be like, She's so cool. Oh my God. Yeah. She gave herself an uneven sight Of Venezuelan. What a Gangster. I know. I wonder where she is now. Yeah. Well, Kristen, and delightful meeting you. So nice to meet you. You too. Yeah. It's been a pleasure. Thank you so much for having me. Everyone, watch The Penguin if you haven't already. Yeah. Didn't spoil anything, even though I wanted to Stay tuned for more Armchair expert. If you dare.


We are supported by Welch's zero Sugar. New Welch's Zero Sugar is a refreshing beverage made with real vibrant fruit flavors and zero grams of sugar. It's the perfect drink to enjoy this summer as the weather gets warmer. Enjoy Welch's zero sugar by the pool or at the beach camping, hiking, or any of your favorite summer activities. It's available in 10 out six packs that are perfect for those on the go Summertime adventures. You bet your buns that they're gonna be on the pontoon boat. Oh, that's so delightful. Yes. Cracking open a little grape or, oh, I love the grape. It's available in a variety, delicious flavors and sizes. They've got real fruit flavors like Tropical Punch, strawberry concord grape and passion fruit. It's also a great source of vitamin C. And with zero grams of sugar per serving, there are zero compromises or sacrifices on taste. It might not make sense how a zero sugar drink could taste so good. You just gotta sip it to get it. Find Welch's zero sugar and both the juice and refrigerated aisles.


We are supported by Quince. You know, when you look back at photos of yourself in your all black punk stage in high school, or wearing head to toe nineties neon, and you wonder, what was I thinking? Sometimes trends just don't stand the test of time. If you want an outfit that you're gonna feel great about both now and later, check out the wardrobe staples from Quince. They're classic and elevated, so you're gonna love the way you look now and years from now. And they're made with high quality materials, so they'll hold up for years to come too. I love Quince. I love their cashmere so much. Yeah. If you wanna revamp your wardrobe, which I suggest per season. Yeah. Add some pieces in that are fun kind of just for the season. There's some really good summer pieces, some great button downs that you can also wear by the pool. They have European linen, beach shorts, you know, organic silk polos. Stick to staples that last with elevated essentials from Quince. Go to quince.com/dx for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's QUIN cce.com/dx to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/dax.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, you know, to check your flights on time first before heading to the airport. Like, you know, to check your presentation is save first before closing your laptop. That's one mistake I'll never make again. Woo. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You are in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates, north Brook, Illinois


A I sure hope there weren't any mistakes in that episode, but we'll find out. When my mom misses Monica comes in and tells us what was wrong. What? Nothing. Talk to Me. No, nothing Off the record. Talk to me. No, Everything's great. Everything's Golden. It's just Busy. Busy. Yeah. You had to not come to a movie last night. I know. Was it great? Yeah, it was great. It was great. Yeah. I Really, I'm sad about that. It was the right decision. I will say that. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But, but I do really wanna see it. But I'll just see it in the movie theater. I wonder if you'll see it earlier than that, but Yes, you would.


Well, let me ask you. No, I can't ask you. 'cause then we need, yeah. We don't wanna give it away, but we have I guest coming up that we are, People are kind of guessing, Whatever. Okay. We are, we're so excited about Yeah. And Slash Scared has been a long time coming and is a Scaley one. A Sc And we were invited to see a movie early A season. We were Excited, we were invited to see a project early. And I, The timing was great 'cause my brother and sister-in-law are visiting and I got to seem like a real shooter. Like, Hey, do you wanna come to the screen with me? That's cool. It's a movie they're dying to see. Yeah. So I felt like I was so cool. They're The cool brother.


I felt cool for those two and a half hours. Yeah. But I had to miss it because of of work. Work And Yeah. It's just a busy week. We're heading into the summer. Have I publicly thanked you already about editing? I mean, I tried to occasionally, but, oh, you don't? I'm in a wave right now really having renewed gratitude. Oh, thank you. Right. 'cause I'm editing and I, and it's, it's miserable. Editing's miserable. It's absolutely miserable. There are days, so yesterday I was going to edit two and I was in one and I started at one 30 and I ended at six. And I was like, oh, I I I act like I can't do it.


Right. I can't do another one. Yeah. And I don't think if you haven't edited Yeah. You don't understand that feeling. It's like, well you could have, you could have pushed yourself and you could have, but your brain will shut down. Well, I'll add too. And do you have this experience? So I'll do these chunks on days off. We don't have, I try to do two episodes in those days. Yeah. And it's like seven, eight hours of editing. Yeah. And what happens is, for me, I slowly start hating everything I hear. Like it's just like, I don't know. At towards the end I'm like, just cut everything I don't want done. Don't anyone ever talk again. And so, like, you're wondering if the decisions you're making are the same at the end of the episodes as they were at the beginning?


Yes. Yeah. I mean, you probably don't have that because you're, you do it so much. Yeah. I, I don't, I don't have that because there is no, there's no end. Right, right. Like, like you're editing a project that's, that's Yeah. I'm doing 12. You're Doing 12 And then there's an end in sight. There's an end in sight. So I could, I could almost see that being in some ways worse. 'cause it's like I just, I gotta be done with this. I haven't accepted that I have to do this. Yes. Yeah. There's still that like Yeah. But I am, I, it is funny that you brought that up and we're talking about it because I'm also, as I warned you on the last fact check, I think I am PMSing this week Of this week. I thought that was next week. Nope, This week.


Okay. So right now you're Up here. We'll start hopefully on Friday. Do you have your, do you have your nixies? I have my You got your Next, next fees ready to go. Yeah. They're laid out like a flat man. They're, they're just stacked up ready to go. Just Wait. Yeah. They're prepped and ready. It folded. They're on deck. Yeah. But along with the Ziploc baggies, you Gotta have 'em. You gotta, no, I don't wanna be on the record saying I don't do that. 'cause I don't need it. I did though. But It's great for people To do. So it was a very polarizing debate. Yeah. And people landed on all sides of it. Some people agreed with me. Most people agreed with you. What Did they agree with you? What did they say? Like, I'd be, I would be way more embarrassed about undies falling out than tampons, which, sure.


You know, some people are like, fuck, now, you know, it is much more. But a lot of people were like, yeah, I flow heavier than Monica. Like I gotta, I can't get away with one. I, I understand that. I've heard that as an explanation for why you should use the cup If you got a ton of Just, yeah. So anyway, I would see that as a sign of great health. Just my proclivities. I wonder how I would deal with having a menstrual cycle, because my greatest days are like a day and one just happened where it's like, I go number two. Oh my God.


And it's so robust, of course, where I go, oh, I must not have been going the last couple days. This is like, where'd all this come from? I love that. Or a big bugger or a big, You know. Okay, listen, part of that's so, because then you feel better after like, you feel lighter. You feel that doesn't happen on a period. It's not like you had a heavy flow and now you feel better. Yeah. But I will say, so thank you for bringing this up. Yeah. I do struggle mentally sometimes with a light flow. Like, I'm like, oh my, I'm done. Like I'm not helping. This is a sign of per meno. Like I'm definitely in perimenopause. I'm probably like about to hit menopause.


The eggs are out now. The blood's out. Exactly. Yeah. We're done now. Like we're heading towards no period. But that's my hypori inclination and I don't want that. So don't, don't reinforce that line of thinking. Last night I thought maybe I had also a new disease. Oh, What new disease? Because my foot, sometimes my foot has like kind of this numb, like this side of my foot here. Yeah. The inside, The inside where sometimes Where Step is sometimes has a, has a numbness or like a weird tingly feeling.


A weird feeling. Some Kind of neuropathy. Yeah. So yesterday I was starting to slip into, oh, I think it's, And you started Googling? I didn't Google. Oh. But I was like, oh, I have a LS Oh, that you went straight to neurological disorder. Yes. Yeah. And, and then I, but then I immediately thought, if I think it, I'll get it. So I can't think it That's right. Can get psychosomatic A LS but then that's, you know, that's its own thing. Yeah. So I put socks on and I ignored it. Oh, great. That's a ding, ding, ding. I have entered and I think this is a real period of life, period. Ding, ding, Ding. Period.


Pun intended. I have, and I've embarked on my slipper phase of my life. Whoa. Yeah. I got a pair of like, oh wow. I just, like, I, I was recently feeling there's all these times I wanna run out to grab food from the driveway or whatever, and I don't wanna put on my tight shoes. Yes. Seemed like I was time. And I got a pair of really comfortable slippers. And I'm realizing, oh, this is a whole era of your life. Once you start walking around in slippers, It's, oh wow. I, I am shook a little bit. Like Yeah. It's a, it is a real indicator of Age. It's an end to an era maybe.


Yeah. Yeah. It's like I'm prioritizing my comfort. Wow. I just, And I hate bending over to put shoes on so I can just slide these on. Like, it's definitely a harbinger of probably bad things to come. But also I kind of love it. Well, I'm glad you love It. I played volleyball in my slippers. What? I hurt my shoulder that Yeah. That's not good for volleyball. No, but it was, I was in them and they're comfortable. And Dad, can you practice? And then I'm just playing in my slippers. Yeah. But slippers can be slippery. They are slippery. So you definitely should not play volley. Okay. Okay. And then additionally, as I said, my brother and my sister-in-law's, and she's been in her slipper phase for seven or eight years.


Oh wow. Post menopause Or middle of me. Okay. Probably maybe related. Okay. Yep. But I, I realize like, oh, she's really knows how to do it. The second we get home, like anything post lunch, if she gets home, those slippers are on immediately. So She packs her slippers. She is in the On trips Full center of her slipper face. And so I'm finding, I'm with her at like five 30 in the evening. She has her slippers on, I have my shoes on. And she's like, you should already have your slippers on. And I'm like, I know. I'm, She's teaching you. I'm not fully, like, I haven't learned the lifestyle all the way yet.


The lifestyle. I'm not putting 'em on early enough. You know, the lifestyle is Swinging, you know? Yeah. That's my lifestyler move is I wear slippers. I, I may start wearing 'em in here on days that we don't have a Oh God. How do you feel about that? Okay, I have a question about slippers. Now, your house is tricky because even though you hate to admit it, it's dirty, large and made of tons of houses actually. Okay. So you have to walk outside to get to places. Yeah. To get like to your gym or to whatever My garage. Yes. This studio. The studio. Exactly. So for me, if a slipper touches the outside, it's thrown in the garbage. That makes sense. It's A house slipper.


Yeah. It is meant for inside the house specifically so that you aren't dragging in stuff. Yeah. And, and so you're outing me, but yes, I'll own it. We are a shoes on in the house family. Yeah. And people will think that's disgusting. Sure. But I, what's funny is I'm actually having a harder time wrapping my head around, I might want Nashville to be a shoes off house. Whoa. Because I'm thinking there's gonna be kids there endlessly a yard to really play in and get dirty. Okay. And do I want this whole brand new house to be filthy outdoor stuff? And then I'm like, we're so not a shoes off people. I can't even, like, what that's challenging to my identity is way bigger than it should be Because it's like the white Christmas sites.


It is, it's like snooty and fancy. Yep. And what do you take your shoes off? What are you talking about? Who are we? Yeah. Why do you to fucking take your shoes off at the shoes? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I feel that. I'm a, IM a shoes On. I want that. I want shoes off in Nashville. Wow. And I'm afraid to declare that. Well, it's exciting. What would be if you, when you, when you come over this summer and I say to you, Hey, shoes by the door, I gotta figure out something cute to Say. Yeah. I think you're gonna need some sort of cute phrase. Yeah. Don't let our shoes get lonely. Put your shoes with them. That's what needs some work. But what would be your first thought when you heard me say you can't wear your shoes in The house? If I hadn't, if we hadn't had this pre-talk Yeah. I would've laughed.


Yeah. At you. Like, I know. Who Are you? Yeah. Well, and then for me that, that triggers my own stuff. He's Changing. I don't know him. Yeah. He's changing. He, I knew it. I knew that as soon this Money would infect him and, and Destroy him money this southern life. Like Oh, You would chalk it up to this Is a southern thing. A lot of just like, oh, he has this extra house now. So white and and he's extra white in the south. Yeah. And he's hoity-toity in the south. All the people that made me feel brown. Yes. Now he's like, he's one of 'em. One of them. And I thought I knew him, but I don't even know him anymore. And then I would cry.


You're teasing and you're not. And it's really, it's true. People just assign whatever previous baggage they had to any situation. That's the explanation. Like you, you've got like a handful of explanations in your life. Me? Yeah. All people. Yeah. And then no matter what situation, you're like, oh, it's that thing that I already figured out when I was 12. No, but not really. It's, it depends on who it is. Like if I go to a random house and they say shoes off, I don't think that, I'm not like, oh, hoity toy. I don't have that. I'm like, oh, they just don't want dirt. But with you, because I've, I've been around you so many times. You were choosing your bed. Okay. So the fact that, don't say that but, well, I've seen it that I, I would be like, what?


Just to be clear on that, On top of your bed On top, I have on top of my bed and I very rarely, but there's occasions I've seen that lot. I've got like my cleaner vans on and I'm like, I'm not gonna put my head at the bottom there at any point. See, even this, even this, you're, you're even getting self-conscious about this and just getting defensive. And you used to not care at all. I'm changing. I'm becoming, I Guess we all call, I'm Becoming an old white man who wears slippers With you. I want you to wear slippers outside because it's keeping you still kind of dirty. Shithead. Yeah. Shit. Bird. You're not elite. But I had a, I have a friend who's also very famous. So anytime anyone who's really famous does something, I'm quick to associate it with them being so famous.


I think that's really normal. Okay. Like something's different and then you go your brain just quickly catalogs what else is really different about them? And may, so that might well likely be the explanation. Oh, okay. Like you, you know, your friends are orthodox Jews and you're at their house and they say, could you please hang the towel in a, you know, just something that's different. And you go, oh I bet it's about them being orthodox. I was like, anything you don't understand. And then you know, there's this one thing different about them. You're like, oh that's probably part of being orthodox. I guess that's true. I think it's a little different with religions. 'cause there are like rules and stuff. Yeah. Than being famous, which is just, you're still a person.


But there's also just cultural stuff. Like I would if something happened in your family house Yeah. That was ab abnormal to me. I would probably go, it's probably 'cause they're Indian. Oh I would, I would think it's from like something that your parents did. You know, Still you Would, it'd be a high probability guess. Oh my god. I Think that's different than racism. It's stereotypes. Well it is. I don't understand this custom. This custom wasn't around me where I grew up. And I know that he's from India. This custom must come from India. Even Though I grew up in the United States. No, this is not Matt. Not your house. I would never be in your House.


No know I at my parents' house. But if I was at your parents' house. Yeah. And your dad only ate toast out of a cereal bowl, let's say. Okay, hang on that. So nobody eats toast out of a cereal bowl. That must Be in What could explain it. Okay. I bet in India they eat their toast in a cereal bowl. Don't you think that would be like the highest probability? Guess But this is what I am actively against. You're fighting this. I know. Yeah. That you just make, not you the royal you but you, you're calling yourself out for this, I guess not the TV show you, which you also talk a lot about now That anything a little different is associated with being a different type of, per a different ethnicity is bad Anything.


So if I go to a nuclear physicist's house and there's something different, I go, oh, I bet these in. This is something the engineer, I figure out the thing that I don't share in common with them. And I explain the other thing. I don't share in common with them as the explanation. Okay. But how come with if my dad is eating toast out of a cereal bowl? You are not saying, oh, it's 'cause he is an engineer. Okay. So I might, but I'm going probabilistically. I'm first going, well he's from a totally different country. There's 23 years of his life in a country that I don't know any of the customs on God. And if, and if I said, oh Ashok, I noticed you're eating your toast out of a cereal bowl that's unique. Is that an Indian thing? And he would go, no.


Then I would go, okay, what's the next thing I know is he and I don't have any overlap on, I think what I would love is let me coach you. Okay. Okay. Okay. First of all, let's, let's never say is that an Indian thing? You think your dad wouldn't like that? I don't like it. I Know you don't. And I don't like it on behalf of Him. I know, but, and I would never say to you, is that Indian thing, I don't want y you to say it to him. I know you, I overheard that you'd I'd be in trouble. I need this at me. I would, I would, I know that. And your, and I know that would happen and I wouldn't do it in front of you. Is it possible though that your dad wouldn't care about that and, and that par parri wouldn't care about that?


It's about the f very specific phrasing. I guess you could say. First of all, my dad doesn't care about anything. So Yes, you could, you could say whatever the fuck you wanted to him. Yeah. He's not precious about Anything to maybe detriment. But I think if you were gonna say it in a way that I would feel comfortable. Yeah. Did you grow up eating, eating Your toast in a cereal Bowl? A cereal bowl? Yeah. Yeah. I've never seen that before. And so yeah, I would've phrased it right. Like that would be the correct way to phrase it. But all the other stuff really just happened. 'cause it's very logical. It bums me out. I know. Maybe 'cause I'm in my luteal phase, but Well, I understand why it bums you up.


'cause that's in a name example of it. And then there's really bad examples of it. Okay. Hold on. It's a name to you. It's not a name to me who's been othered by that my whole life. It's not a name to you. So let me, I think it might be a name to your dad is my hunch. Okay. We can't use him. He is, he is not a good, he is not a good measure. He's not a good Man. Now. He's a too good of a man. He's a a very good man. He's too good. Really. Now how about this, if I ca if I was at your house Yeah. And you ate your steak with your hand Right. Steak you like picked up up steak. Like I Or a potato chip. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. No, like more like a hamburger.


Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Like you picked up the steak with two hands and bit into and ate it. Yeah. And I, I'd be like, whoa, I've never seen that. Is that something that happens in trailer parks? Well, first of all, I don't mind that question. Okay. What if I asked Aaron? Yeah, he wouldn't mind either. You wouldn't mind if I saw Aaron do something. Oh, If you said that To Aaron and I said, oh is that like a trailer park thing? Yes. True. Point. Point receive. But would you agree trailer park is never used in a positive way. It's only a burn and and you have a gut feeling of any questions about India are implicitly negative.


Whereas I don't associate, is that an Indian thing? Isn't is that a trailer park thing? To me there is a, there's a hierarchy of judgment in, is that a trailer park thing or is that an Indian thing to you? Because Indian is like a cultural national thing because You, that, you know, people who were judged for living in trailer parks. I don't. Right. So I actually, I know people who are very insecure about being Yeah. Yes. From a trailer park. It's the same thing. But I think for you it is 'cause you're insecure about that. Rightly so. Right. But I don't think your dad is like, I don't think it's an insecurity of your dad's to talk about stuff that was normal in India and different here. I know you're using him as such a, you're, I'm hanging a lot on him.


But I would also hang a lot on Parri. I wouldn't feel comfortable with you being that open with Parri. Like is that an Indian thing? We don't know him well enough. I don't know his whole relationship. Yeah. Yeah. To being Indian. Obviously he likes talking about it and he's comfortable with it. Yeah. He's comfortable with it. But it's, these things are complicated. They are Complicated. But it does start with what is your own feeling about the topic being brought up? It should be the person who's experienced it that gets to dictate It. Absolutely. Which is why I am conceding and saying, I wouldn't ever ask you that. Oh My God. And I am making a prediction of how I think your dad would take it. Which maybe is right or wrong. So how do you think Aaron would take it?


I don't think he'd mind. Okay. Yeah. But you would mind I would be nervous. Well, not around you. No. If I said it. Yeah. If you said it, we're fine. Oh, because Aaron knows you. Yeah. And he knows you want the best for him. And you're, you don't think poorly of him. No. Or that he's a low life. No. But wouldn't you be like, what the fuck is she doing? You would and you should Me having, knowing your background. Yeah. Knowing his background, knowing that those things have been used against him. It would be so insensitive for me to be like, Hey, is that a trailer park thing I don't under just 'cause I don't understand it.


And that's the different thing about us For sure. And also there are some stuff you can say about trailer parks. I mean, there's a reality in the world, as I've said before, like the average level of intoxication on a weekday afternoon in Aaron's trailer park was much different than the average intoxication rate elsewhere. Right. You know, that is also a reality of it. So I say you're kind of, I think you're, what you're trying to do is be honest about the world you live in and not hurt people's feelings. And sometimes those things are against one another.


If that makes sense. If you're curious, you can ask it in a way that's not implying that it's something. So like if I saw him eat a steak with two hands, yeah. Maybe I'd be like, actually, I mean I know me. I would just be like, well that's how he eats it. He's A grief man. Look at him. No. Where guy go When you do grow up as a minority, everything's different. Like, so you don't have the luxury of being like, oh that must be different because of this or that must be, it's like, yeah, it's all different. Everything's different. Now lemme ask you this though.


If you walked into, like, you had had your experience of living with other girls a lot as roommates. And I even went to your old apartment where you had a bunch of female roommates and like you guys would like cook dinners together sometimes. And there's just all kinds of stuff that's kind of predictable in that scenario. Oh Sure. Yeah. And I'm sure if you walked into a, an apartment that four dudes lived in and you're like, oh wow, X, y and Z is different. There's a bong on the table, there's dishes in the sink, there's your brain would logically and rightly so I think go Well this is a much different scenario in here. What's different?


And it would be right for you to go like, oh yeah, this is boys. Yeah. Right. Like there's an explanation for it and I think you would be right and logical to start with. What's the biggest difference between you and your three re roommates and these four people? Well, this is four dudes and that's four. But the difference is, that's correct. The, the toast out of the bowl and the eating the steak with two hands are not because of what you're We don't know though. Right? Well I do know that that's not an Indian tradition. Well I know 'cause it was made up. He doesn't do it. Yeah. Yeah. And either is eating steak with two hands. But the whole point is like, wait. 'cause what you're bringing up is something that you really don't under.


You're like, oh, that's new. Seeing a bong in a basically a frat house isn't new. I've Seen it. Right. But if it's just trashed inside and you're trying to figure out why these people live in a trash place and you and your friends don't, I think it would be right of you if your life depended on it to make a prediction of why it's different. To assume it's 'cause they're boys and your girls. Listen, I think if you came into my parents' house and they had a picture of of Krishna on the wall. Yeah. I think you could probably deduce indefinitely deduce that that's because they're Indian. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Okay.


I don't think you can see like a bouncy ball in water on the counter and say, oh, that must be Indian too. For Sure. I think what what both things are true in, in a and absolutely legitimate is a, you should treat people as they're an individual. And the thing that you're experiencing could be their own individual idiosyncratic ness. That would be the fairest way to treat everyone. And that's valid. And I agree also, groups of people have patterns also a reality They do. But for the most part, we know those already. Like we've been taught those and told those already.


Yeah. So like, yes, if my mom is making curry. Yeah. Yeah. You could say to yourself like, like it would be reasonable to think, yeah, that's because she's Indian and she grew up eating curry. Yeah. Yeah. And that's an Indian dish. All of that makes sense. And I'm, and those are stereotypes, so that's tricky. But it's real. That's real. Yeah. It's just, yeah, That's normal. I'm, I'm fine with that. I'm just not fine with arbitrary. That's different. So it must be because of, I understand your objection to that. Okay. But do you also agree that that might be the high highest probability explanation just across the board?


No, I don't. Like I had to be friends with lots of Jewish people before it went from, I noticed one friend had this thing hanging in his doorframe and he touched it every time he went in his house. At first that was just, oh, John has a thing. He's hung up that he touched. Sure. Then four other Yeah. Jewish friends along the way who have it. And then I go like, oh yeah, that's a Jewish thing. Yes. So I think that's the right train of thought. You, you see it and you assume that it's actually individual to the person. It's just John's Thing. Yes. And then over time you see a pattern, then over time you're like, oh yeah, this is, this is cultural. But that's the correct order, not the other way around.


Mm. Yeah. Sometimes life's moving really fast and you got like one stab at it. No you don't. And you kind of go the the highest probability you don't. No you don't. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oke, I love you. I love you Dad and everything you do I love. And if I saw something I didn't understand, I would still love it. I just would be curious if that was his own unique invention or if that's like he's fourth generation of toast in a bowl. Well Look, here's an interesting, so a lot of Indians do, they eat with their hands. Okay. So they eat like rice with their hands And they got the non Yeah.


They going to, they're scooping with some bread. They get their fingers in there. Yeah. Depending, sometimes there's none. There's, but sometimes not like they're, they're just eating with their hands. Yeah. That's a co very common way to eat. In India, my grandparents did that. That's how they ate. Well they did. Yes. And that and my dad too. Although I haven't seen that in years. Not really quick. So when you were over there and you noticed, oh, grandma and grandpa eat with their hands, were you like grandma and grandpa? Interesting. Or were you like, oh, it's gotta be an Indian thing? I mean, I was so little. There's no way for me to remember know that. So anyway, I guess I would hope that you would've seen it a couple times before you assumed it.


Yeah. But that's a, this is an interesting one because it's true. You know, it's real that that's a cultural difference. Yeah, that's right. And that's what you're trying to beat out in your head and figure out what, you know, I think your impulse is to like explain stuff. I mean I think, well let's start with like things we agree on. Everyone's impulse is making sense of reality around them. Yeah. Like that's just your number one Yeah. Job from the second you wake up, it's like, oh, I came in this room and this is going on. Why is this going on? Yeah. I need to, you know, I think approaching it with like true curiosity that doesn't have any judgment or otherness around it. Like I do think phrasing it as, did you grow up eating toast in a bowl?


Yeah. Or did you grow up eating with your hands is different than, is that a group insert group Thing? Yeah. Yeah. For anyone who wants to practice. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. It's a lot. Look, life is a lot of phrasing. It's a lot of judgment calls. It's a lot of how you phrase things. Yes. And it makes A huge difference. Yeah. And I'm just trying to be honest about acknowledging what the real process is in my head. Like I'm trying to be honest about the fact that when I see something that I've never seen before, my 100th of a second. Right. Like I'm not the frontal lobe's not even involved.


It went, huh, that's different. What could explain it? What's the other thing I know about us that's different? Maybe that's the explanation that is like the, from almost the moment I see it that that math happens. Yeah. And then the frontal lobe goes, well, is that a stereotype? Is that offensive? Is that this, is it that, and then you hope to land with a high percentage that you were on the right side. Well, Hopefully you just keep your mouth shut until the second part of your brain has done the other things. That's the goal. The space between your emotions and actions. The initial thought, we can't control the initial thought. I, That's all I'm trying to cop To. Yes. I have no, I have no, there's nothing we can do about our initial thoughts. Okay, great.


I get a little scared that I even, like, my initial thoughts are offensive and then I'm kind of just a bad No. Like, you think I'm a bad person. We all do This. I, I commit to like working through all the other steps. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's all that's being asked in any of these, like racism or stereotypes or any of these things. Like can't, you can't help your initial thought. You have it and then you think, is that right? Yeah. And that's how you get to having I think those thoughts less over time. Yeah. Anyway. I think when you and I talk about race openly, it's wonderful. Me too. Yeah. We can. 'cause there's trust. Yeah. And I, and I think hopefully it's good for people to hear because it's hard to find someone you trust to talk about race with.


'cause there's a lot of explosive. It also, again, it's so much of where you come from. It's like Joy grew up with her people and like, so she loves to talk about it. Yeah. She'll, she's happy to engage in it with pretty much anyone. Yeah. Whether or not she's even earned that. Yeah. And it's simply, so what you'd be inclined to think is like, there's something predictable about being a minority in this country. Well, no. There's something predictable if you're a minority in this country and you're surrounded by the hegemonic group. Yeah. And there's something to be said if you, you know. Yeah. But also she, if she was talking to certain people, I mean, she, the way Joy talks about it, she does.


She's with you. There's like fun and it's funny and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. But she can get very serious about Race. Oh, she's dead serious. Yeah. About the inequity. Exactly. And she is not gonna be afraid she To say it likes to 'cause she's so skilled that Exactly. Pointing these things out. But yeah. She's, but she's never seemingly, she's never triggered in some inferiority way. Right. She's like, oh, you think that that's broken? And I can't wait to, you know, there's like, she doesn't seem, seem to, but I mean, she, but she, to grow up with her people. She did. But she's also lived a li she went to an Ivy league school. She lived a life where she was around.


She did a ball ball. A lot of white. Yeah. So she Did a boarding school. I'm sure. I'm sure there's elements of That. There's some complication for sure. Yeah. But I don't think you can be a minority in this country and not have some level of like, It is just fun to think about what your homeostasis would be if you grew up with all Indians in Indian neighborhood. And what would my homeostasis be like if I was the only white person in all Indians, or all black people or whatever. It just, I think improves the point that we are always saying, which is like, you're not you, you are a product of So many things. Yeah. Yes. I agree. Okay. But real quick.


Yeah. Speaking of cultures, yeah. Callie Max and I went to Dan Tana's, which is a rest, an institutional restaurant in Los Angeles, Which I've talked about a bunch on here. 'cause I like to go with Nate. Yeah. And what did you think? I loved it. You did? Yeah. I loved it. Okay. I'm, I need to know more. 'cause what I like about it, as I've told you, is that it is time traveling. It is, it's old school Italian. It has mob energy. It's super Hollywood. Eighties. Yes. I mean, the stakes are named after famous actors. You got the, the Debney steak. You got the, I thought, oh, I didn't notice that.


Did you not notice all the, all the, no, I didn't look at the meat. They're known meats. What ones? The meats? I didn't look at the meats. Oh, You didn't? No, because it's an Italian place. I'm getting pasta. Oh. They're kind of known for their, what's the thing that people are against eating a cow? It's a veal. Veal. And there's like eight or 10 ves on the menu, but all with different movie stars names. Oh, wow. And famously James Woods was behind us eating the James Woods. Oh, that's, yeah, that's right. That was, I thought that was at Mu and Frank's. No, that was Dantana's. Oh, fun. But you liked it. I loved it. Were there any 85-year-old men with 21-year-old woman. Oh, Shoot. Because that's still thriving there. Yeah. Which is so fascinating to see.


I did notice, but at some point in the night, a, a group came in that was dressed like to the nines looking mob kind of mob bossy. Ooh. And then our server, who obviously had been sort of like a lifetime server there, he was giving us the intel that they come at like nine or between nine and 10 every night. And they order the same thing and they get fettuccine for the table. I love it. I know. It was really, really fun. And did You have a cool cocktail? 'cause that bar, I had a martini how Maybe the coolest bar in all of la I mean, more shit has happened at that bar than probably any other bar in la. It was so fun.


And one bad thing happened, he'll probably be mad at me for sharing this 'cause it was a blunder. Okay. Thigh guy. Yeah. Thigh guy Max. He's kind of like you, I think in, in a, I'm worried things are gonna run out. Oh, sure, sure. So I guess last time they got a Caesar and he was like, this is not enough. Wasn't enough. This is not enough. Caesar Scary. Yeah. I can feel it. So for his entree, he got double Caesar salad. Okay. And Kelly and I got individual Caesars as our starters. So they bring our starters.


And I look at this and I think Max is getting two of these because It was huge. It was huge. And then he had trapped himself. 'cause he was like, it is that, that wasn't the size of it last time. And the Caesar that arrived was so, It was like a large pizza. It Was enormous and piled up so high. Oh no. And he couldn't really wait for his, like, he was like too hungry. So we had some of mine and some of Callie's before his enormous Caesar arrived. Oh, wow. Okay. And then He really painted himself into A corner.


He did. 'cause then he was like, I, I have to eat it. Like I've made this crazy mistake. Yeah. And it looks crazy. If I don't like the people are gonna be pissed if I No, I love that. We think that as if they're thinking at all about what, What we do. Well, no. Then our server came. 'cause he said, is this the size it was? And he said, yeah, that's always been the size. Yeah. The guy in the back was like two. Okay. So they Are Yeah. They're judging. They're judging. Okay. Anyway, he ate pretty much all of it. He had to leave a little bit, but when you factor in the fact that he had some of mine and Callie's, he had more than, than two Caesars. Two. And what did he have for an entree? That was his entree. He Didn't go a steak either. He, no he didn't. We got some appetizers, but, Okay.


I'm so glad. When was this Last night? No, it was Couple months ago. Yeah, It was Sunday. That was Sunday. Yeah. Okay. It was really fun. Yeah. That's a fun place I need to be better at. Not like, I wanna go back tonight. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. And then I wanna go back in five more days. Like I've been doing that with Sunset Tower. I've been going a little, like a, a lot. Okay. Yeah. And I ordered, I order an interesting martini. I order one with a lemon twist and an orange twist. Unconventional. I invented it. Okay. And so, Never been done. So when I went last time and I ordered that, he was like, oh yeah, I, I remember you.


Oh, now He's got you. Yeah. And he was like, when? Yeah, when were you here? Like two weeks ago? And I was like, yeah. But really it was like five Days ago. Yeah. I had to lie. Is he in li He's is he a suitor now? No. Sounds like he's A suitor. No, he is not. He's not. He was a nice man, but no. Okay. Anywho. I guess that's it. I do have a, maybe an update. I haven't decided if I'm gonna share it. So that's TBD. Keep listening. Sure. Sure. All right. Let's do some facts. Yes. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by better help. You know, there's still a bit of surrounding stigma for men's health. I think it can, I think so too. Still be challenging for men to admit they're struggling and seek help. I have a friend who just started therapy, a male friend, and he loves it so much. And, but yes, I think it's taken a little extra long because you're right, there is a stigma, but there really shouldn't be. Yeah. Men today face immense pressure to perform, to provide and keep it all together. So it's no wonder that 6 million men in the US suffer from depression every year. And it's often undiagnosed. If you're a man and you're feeling the weight of the world, talk to someone, a friend, a loved one, a therapist. I'm a man I've benefited greatly from therapy. And Better Help is a great option if you're looking to start therapy. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Talk it out with Better Help Arm cherries get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash dax. That's better. Help HE lp.com/dax.


Okay. Facts for Kristen. It's so weird that her name's Kristen. Is it weird for you? Well, because it's spelled the way it is. There's a lot of leeway in the way we, people are spelling Kristen. I don't think of her as Kristen because of the way it's spelled. Right. But then when we were saying her name, I was like, oh yeah, it is actually, this is a dumb story. No, that's a good one. But Kristen, CRI, you know what I mean? TI know what you mean. I think the same exact thing. Thanks. I I didn't realize it was even pronounced Kristen. Yeah. Yeah. C-R-I-S-T-I-N. Now this goes this. My ex-girlfriend Brie too. She had a very novel spelling of Bree. Yeah. How'd she spell It?


BR still does. B-R-I-E-G-H. B-R-I-E-G-H. Yeah. Everyone gets to, you know, do however they like. Parents get like funky when they're making spellings up. I know. Yeah. It's an interesting impulse. It's like, I'm gonna give them a name that a lot of people have, but I'm gonna spell it uniquely. Yeah. You know what's funny? You, well, Callie has that a little bit. She always has to say Callie with a KN An I. Well, so, so now's, Now's a great time to tell you Actually. Yeah. I think it, I have stress every time I text you about Ka as I'm like, is it kh? Is it KH? Yeah. It's a look.


It's a hard name. Yeah. I actually find it very endearing. 'cause I think it has to do with your dyslexia. Okay. But 'cause you always spell it KALI And you're so close. Oh, what do I need? It's K-A-L-I-E. Oh, easy. I can, but I always think it's funny because you, you do it and then I'll respond back with her name kind of on purpose. Yeah. Spelled correctly. Yes. Try gently tell me. Yeah. I Made a mistake. Oh. I think one day he'll see that he has been doing that wrong. And then Yes, I was with Callie instead of saying I was with Yeah, Callie said this. Yeah. And then, and then you, you haven't noticed that. But, so I guess now the cat's out of the, I think, I think I noticed it and then I don't, I remember it.


Yeah, that's fair. Like a month later when I want to text about Callie. Yeah. I don't try to go back and find it. Yeah. Okay. I think this will be the learning moment where I get it. IEI can handle that. I have this same issue with Seth's wife, Claire. Every time I seem to write Claire, I picked the wrong one. How does she, Why? Well, 'cause you could go C-L-A-I-R or C-L-A-R-E. Oh. And it's one of those two, and I generally get it wrong. C-L-A-R-E is unconventional. That's hers. That's hers. Yeah. Okay. So she's unconventional. Yeah. And Seth will, he doesn't say he doesn't do what you do.


He is even more direct. He's like, it is C like he corrects me. Me, He gets upset. Do you think I do you think he's Think it's defensive? No, I think he's a very like, respectful, integrity person and he, he wants to correct you if you're not spelling his wife's name. Right. Wow. Okay. Two sides of a, two different coins, I guess. Yeah. Because I feel like I'm being respectful by not telling you because I don't wanna hurt your Feelings. I think they're both valid. They're valid points of view. Okay. What is interesting about the way people spell names is sometimes the spelling does make me like the name in a way that I didn't previously like it.


Sure. In fact, Claire being one. I really like the spelling. C-L-A-R-E. That changes it for you Now. I love it. Yeah. Maybe I'll name your daughter Claire. Well it's like we, we spell Calvin Weird. How do you spell it? C-A-L-V-I-G-H-N. No, you don't. That's a lie. That's Robin is his lies. He tells so many lies. And I've been, and when I'm watching you, there's so many lies to juggle. Oh, so yours on swimming. Deception. I'm on. Yes. Yeah. Speaking of when I asked if he's protective, Seth, the guy in you, he's so protective that he has to murder.


Oh, too protective. Yeah. I could see you like Yeah. Sliding down that scale a little bit. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. I kind of want you to watch it to see if you kind of can relate. We had an expert. He's coming up and it's really fucked up the whole way I processed the world and it's, I'm frustrated by it and I know it's the right thing to do, but a guy for, we're having an expert on about rage addiction. Yeah. And once it's, once it's fully framed for you, what's going on in your head and the science behind it, it's a bummer. 'cause I do like the right, there's some level of vigilantism I like, you know.


Me too. Look, we all do, we all love the story of like Robinhood a little bit. But again, this circles back to our other fact check. In reality. No. Like, no. Yeah. Revenge is bad and it's a poison. Yeah. And forgiveness is very good for your brain. Yeah. It stops this back and forth cycle. Yes. It's just the right thing. And I kind of hate it. It's taking the fun out of, you know, like these movies that are just great. It's like you kidnap Lee Neeson's daughter and he's gonna fucking kill you. And we love that. That's so clean. You should get killed if you kidnap someone's daughter. When I was home for Mother's Day, I was watching D Dateline obviously, with my parents.


'cause Yeah. They just can't get enough of that. Yeah. Are they, do they, are they particularly into Keith Morrison the way we are? Or do they not have Preferences? No, there there's no preference. They Oh wow. They just, I, I don't like that. But as Much as they can consume, they will. In fact, I probably can't say this, but there was something happen, there's something happening in the family-ish. A good thing. But that my mom was like, well you gotta be careful 'cause people can get really crazy. And she like devised this whole point it's plan in her head of how someone Would get murdered. Yep. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. It could lead you to believe there's more murders going on than there are.


Correct. Yeah. Yeah. There was a man who killed a girl, like a 18-year-old or whatever, who killed another 18-year-old. Okay. And or maybe he was 19 or something, whatever. He killed someone. And like, you know, he's up for her. He's up to get out a lot. But the mom and the sister keep going into basically making sure he stays in jail. Yeah. And I respect, I understand, of course. I understand. Yeah. But there was a part of me, you know, and I was like, I mean, maybe it's time to let him out. Yeah. And I was saying that, and my mom was so disturbed by me saying that. Yeah. And I was like, mom, his brain wasn't even developed. It's not developed till you're 25.


And she's like, well, if you were the sister. And I was like, of course. Yeah. Of course. If I'm the sister, I want that person to rot in jail. That's right. So I get it. Yeah. But it's been taking the fun out of some normal fantasies I play with, You know? Yeah. Like having, like, because I, a lot empathy, having empathy kind of ruins vigilantism. Yeah. Just, just owning what's going on in my brain. Can you give an example? Well, just, I think of all these scenarios all the time. I just, that's what I fantasize about killing. No, but like protecting Oh, right. Yeah. Forcing someone to apologize.


You know, all these just like Yeah. Yeah. Taking care of everyone in sheriff. Right. And so I have all these bizarre fantasies and then I just have to now go like, right, so you're hurt or someone else is hurt and your inclination is not to soothe, it's to hurt. Right. And that that'll somehow erase the hurt. And it just, it it doesn't and it won't. And it's, it's the less fun my imagination now. And I'm kind of angry, kinda like I Oh, it's a cycle then. Yeah. Like, I couldn't, I had, there's so many things I've had to stop doing on this show, like, be disparaging about BDP people be disparaging. Right. Even the sociopath, we had a sociopath and I am like, fuck, I kind of feel bad for sociopaths.


Yeah. You're we're, yeah. We're, But I don't like it. I mean, I like it. I think like it, it's, I think it's good. It's a good direction. But I also, I've been thinking about this a lot. I, I, I think this show has fundamentally made me a, a fully different person. I was so, I was so, yes. That person needs to rot it. Like, I would never have ever thought for a second, like, eh, maybe it's time to let that guy out. Yeah. What's our goal? Are we, do we want to Yeah. What's our Goal? Or keep people safe. Yeah. And I think it has to do with the amount of stories we've heard. Oh yeah. And the amount of people we've gotten to talk to.


Yeah. I, I wonder who I'd be without it. I didn't know my mom and brother. We were at dinner and I was doing this about somebody or something. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And they were like, Ugh. You always see the best in people. Like they were saying it kind of annoyed. Yeah. Like, you're naive or Yeah. Or just like, we know you wanna look at that perspective. Yeah. But this is what we wanna talk about the bad thing. Yeah. Yeah. And I would nev I I I am not someone who was born thinking the best of people. Right. Right. Right, Right. So that's something new and I'm grateful for it.


So I wouldn't even say mine is that I now think the best of people. It's that I much more understand, or I think I understand how bad the person had it to begin with that ended them there. Yes. That some Things, like, I still think they're bad, but I think there's, you know, I think they're well bad in quotes, but, Well, yeah. I guess that's, that's the lesson. Like, I don't think people are bad. I think you become things who you become based on experience and things you can't control. Yeah. So, Yeah. It's hard to, It's hard. Yeah. It's hard after you know that. Yeah. I feel like I can only be like ethically judgmental of someone that's got the exact same scenario as me.


Like I'm free to say, no, you should be doing better with th this set of circumstances. Yeah. But beyond that, I really have no business saying what someone should, what level they have sh Yeah. Should have risen to. Yeah. And that applies to everyone. That applies to the person whose family was hurt. They've been through something that caused them to act the way they act. Anyway. Okay. So some facts. What is the Jersey devil? What is the Jersey Devil? In South Jersey in Philadelphia folklore in the us the Jersey Devil, also known as the Leads devil. A legendary creature or crypted said to inhabit the forest of the pine barrens.


In South Jersey, the creature is often described as flying biped. It looks kind of cute actually. It's Like hooves, but there are many variations. Mm. It looks kind like a smiling reptile, but with ram horns and chicken legs and dragon wings. Yeah. Bat like wings. It says, yeah. The origin of the legend though, a woman named Leeds was giving birth to her 13th child and exclaimed let the child be the devil. The child though born normally immediately grew wings, tail, and claws and flew out of the pine barons. That's all you gotta do is say, let him be the devil. And that you can convert your, if You're Mrs.


Leeds. Oh, wow. Yeah. How much is a petty cab ride in New York ish Through Times Square? A short ride within Times Square might cost 15 to $30, while a more extensive tour could range from $40 to $150 per person. Hmm. It's kind of steep, Pricey way to get around town. Yeah. But fast, Super fast because You get to go in between Right. Record for how long someone was in a Broadway show. The record for the longest time spent by an actor in a single Broadway show is held by George Lee Andrews, who performed the fan of the opera for 23 years. Oh my Lord.


From 1987 to 2011. Whoa. He performed a total of 9,382 performances. Oh my God. During his tenure, he played multiple roles, including ensemble members and the roles of Mansur for Men and Monie Andre 9,000 performances. Yeah. I'm like still so proud of us for 900 episodes and now I feel like a weakling. Yeah. And do you think it's one of those things when you've done something so much that if like he forgets a line in his 7000th performance, he's probably so afraid of dementia. Oh, He's like, how could I, I've been doing this 7,000.


I bet he could most certainly do that role soup to nuts and never once be present on stage. Yeah. Like it completely in his mind thinking about other stuff, why I'm sure his subconscious could do that performance. Yeah. And he's just probably in la la land for two hours. He, but he loves the theater Or he is addicted to that cheddar. I, I don't think that's what he is addicted to. I think he's addicted to Cheddar. They don't make much money. But that reminds me sometimes I forget the gate code to your house and I think every time I forget, I think like, oh, I'm Ill like something's wrong. Yeah. How could I possibly forget this thing I, I do every day?


I then have to look it up. Sure, Sure, sure. Yeah. Isn't That scary? Yeah. I get scared like that. Yeah. And that stuff happens to me. Does it? Yeah. And now we're being monitored, so it's like I have the thought, it's like I cannot think of a name of someone I know very well. Yeah. And then I go, well I guess the next cognition test we have for our Alzheimer's thing is just gonna show that. Yes, I'm in deep declining. Yes. Yeah. It's weird. Yeah. Like, I dunno if it's comforting or not comforting that we will find out. I can't decide that. Like, normally you'd just be having these thoughts in a vacuum and then you'd probably convince yourself later that you're, you know, you'd be thinking sharp that day and be like, oh no, nothing's going on.


But we're gonna be told Well, unless we don't decline. Correct. Which is the goal is to be doing all these other things. I mean, We're gonna decline, But not to a scary, hopefully not to a scary level. Yeah. Some days it feels like it's happening at a scary pace. I think it's when it's like gloomy out And that's when you, It's more weather based. Okay. This vault, this Warner Brothers situation where there are shows that are gone Yeah. Is true. And Yeah. You can't watch Westworld. I looked on Max today. You can't find it's not there. You can like go to Amazon Prime and buy it.


You can. Yeah. But you can't watch it on Max. That's So weird. I know. Also now it's HBO Max again. Did you hear this? No, They are, they Now they've gone back to Yes. By the way, I always said HBO is the crown jewel. Not Max. I don't know why they didn't. Exactly. Yeah. But I think, well, I heard it was just some guy's idea who had power and then they did it and then obviously it never worked. Like people wouldn't say it Right. Or everyone See, you still say it on HBO. Yeah. People would say hbo and so it's, it's HBO Max again. And I, if we have to redownload that shit, I'm gonna be pissed. But I, It would be like Mercedes buying Dodge and then deciding to rename all this Mercedes Dodge.


That makes no sense. You would, you, Would you wanna stick with your Pres most prestigious name? Yeah, I know. Home box office. I think maybe they got excited that Max sounds like the maximum amount of content. Well they didn't want it to just be HBO obviously because there's more there. Right. But HBO Max seems good to me. TJ Maxx, but It was HBO then HBO max, then Max. Right. HBO Go. HBO Go. Oh yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. John Oliver does a whole bit on the last episode of all the Different names. That's a really funny, I They are having fun with it though. They have like, obviously some like Gen Z person running their social media 'cause they're like putting funny, Burning themselves.


Yeah. Okay. That's good. But it's been making me sign in a lot lately and I wonder if that's related to this name change. It's been challenging Probably. Do we have to download another fucking app that I said or are just gonna update the Current one? One. That's what I just said. We're so intolerant. Used to be like you had to catch the show live or you didn't see it. Now it's like You have to Wait. I had to sign in. I know. Okay. I was gonna play just a teeny, teeny clip of her on 30 Rock. She mentions a character she plays that's like wild and it's wild. I knew I smelled sausage. Yes. Abby? I'm Liz. Liz. Thank you. Our nips just touched.


Mine are so hard. Mine are different sizes. Okay. That's all I'll play. But yeah, she's a very silly that 30 Rock is such a fucking good show. Yeah. It's almost like in some ways underappreciated. Yeah. There she is. Oh yeah. Our nips just touched. Is that what she said? Yeah. Yeah. It's a great show. Tina Faye, one of the great talents of all time. Okay. I, I found this weird thing. She said, what's it called when you Feel Forever 27 That has a name. So then I looked it up and it said, the phenomenon of feeling Forever 27 or experiencing a fascination with the idea of never aging beyond a certain age is often connected to the 27 Club.


A cultural concept referencing celebrities who died at the age of 27. Yeah. The idea, while rooted in tragedy, has also become a symbol of a certain rebellious energy and a desire to hold onto youth. Mm. Live fast and die young. I, I guess isn't that Weird? Who's Liz Hendricks? Janice Joplin. Amy Winehouse, Jim Morrison. Janice Joplin. Jimmy Hendricks. Well we know that Belushi and Chris Farley made it to 33 The age of Jesus. So they're not on here. That's good. Yeah. Okay. We did talk about astrology, so I did real quick.


Wanna just real quick? Yeah, Of course. Do Today's astrology costars the app I use, let's see what it says today. My preferred app. One hour go. One. You don't have high standards. You just want someone who Capricorn will discreetly tell you if you have food stuck in your teeth. Wouldn't everyone like that? You'd like that, right? No, I might. I'll be embarrassed. I do want it. You'd rather have food sucking. You do. No, I don't. I want it, but I I I don't want it either. Okay. You don't want the solution to it. You don't, You don't have high standards. You just want someone who, me, Virgo reliably uses the correct. There, there, there. Oh sure.


Okay. That adds up. Wait, Rob, what are you? Gemini I think. Oh Rob, actually that makes total sense. Oh yeah, That makes total sense that you're a Gemini. Such a Gemini. The twins, one's a rascal. Oh, aren't they the twins? I think they are. You don't have high standards. You just want someone who shares the passwords to all of their streaming accounts. I think people tell me I'm more of a cancer than a Gemini 'cause I'm running the edge. Okay. You don't have high standards. You just want someone who can listen without sharing a tangentially related story Who can listen without, without sharing it.


Sharing. I don't think so. I don't know many people like that. Kristen's a cancer and my Mom, she only tells tangential, But she wants No, so this is saying she wants to be able to tell you a story and you not go on a tangent. Yeah. With your own story. Basically everything we do here. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And, and I don't think that's true. I don't know if that's true Aaron either, but maybe I'll ask him. I think he likes a tangential story as well. I'll ask Anna. I'll ask my mom. All Ask So Many cancers. I I do have a lot of July and August. Big, big birthday months. Yeah, they are. Yeah. Coming up.


That's right around the corner. Alright. That's it. That's it. Yeah. That's it for Kristen? Yeah. That's it for Kristen with a C. All right. Love you. Love you.


Follow Armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at wondery.com/survey.


This is Nick. And this is Jack. We're best friends, ex-fiance, guys and resident nineties experts, and every week on our podcast the best idea yet we're bringing you the untold stories behind your favorite products. For instance, can you guess which billion dollar fashion company went viral? Thanks to a rhinestone covered tracksuit, or which cartoon turned four turtles into a global toy empire by accident? It started as a joke. Last one, which cold beverage was so hated by Starbucks, they actually ended up acquiring it. Spoiler. The Frappuccino. Howard Schultz apparently thought cold coffee was super lame and then he bought it from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to Juicy Couture to the Orange Mocha. Frappuccino. Join us every week to learn how your favorite things got made. Follow the best idea yet on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. And you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus. And if this podcast lasts longer than 45 minutes, call your doc.