
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert Experts on Expert. I'm Dan. She, I'm joined by Monica Padman. Hi. And Aaron Michael Weekly. Hello. Today's guest is Curtis Duffy. Any foodie in the world will recognize Kurt Curtis's name immediately. He's a Michelin starred chef and restaurateur known for the Chicago based restaurants ever. And Grace. Mm. He has a new memoir out that is hair raising.


He has really lived a life, My God, did he go through it all? The book is called Fireproof Memoir of a Chef. Was it you that was just making fun of how I say memoir? Yes, it was. Yeah. What do you, because sometimes I say memoir, that Is what you Wanna say. Memoir. Yeah. And I correct myself to Memoir. Memoir. Yeah. Which Is correct? That's correct. Yeah. Memoir. How would you say it naturally? Memoir. Memoir Memo. Yeah. You're the memoir up on The road. Maybe it's a Michigan Thing. We just don't dunno how to talk. Please enjoy Curtis Duffy.


We are supported by Liquid iv. You know how I feel about hydration, mainly electrolytes. Yeah. It's your religion. And you know what? Tis the season. 'cause summer is upon us. That's right. And you gotta be extra careful about your hydration goals. Yeah. I'm going to Palm Springs this summer. Last time I went, it hit records like 120 degrees. We were busting out the Liquid IV. And we're gonna do it again. Yeah, You just dump it right in the bottle and you're good to go. Oh. And they have a new flavor Arctic raspberry, which I'm so excited to try. Look, it's the perfect companion for hot summer days. Liquid IV has sugar-free solutions powered by LIV Hydroscience for Smart Hydration. I love Liquid Ivy. 'cause it's so simple for me to just add it to 16 ounces of water and get the hydration I need Much better than water alone. With an optimized ration of electrolytes, essential vitamins, and clinically tested nutrients, your water will transform from ordinary into extraordinary hydration. And it's always non GMO vegan, gluten-free, dairy free and soy free. No matter what your summer brings, tear pour, live more. Go to liquid iv.com and get 20% off your first order with code Dax at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with code dax@liquidiv.com.


We are supported by ShipStation. We love to talk about tech and AI advancements on the show. And if you're still operating your shipping and fulfillment processes with last year's technology, have we got an ad for you? It's ShipStation Baby. Lead your business into the future with smart features and automations that boost efficiency and save you time seamlessly. Automate repetitive tasks so you can work smarter, not harder. And you can seamlessly integrate with services and selling channels you already use and manage orders on one easy dashboard. We just shipped all of our last round of merch with ShipStation and it made Carly's life a breeze. Over 130,000 companies have grown their e-commerce business with ShipStation and 98% of companies that stick with ShipStation for a year become customers for life. Calling the chaos of order fulfillment with the shipping software that delivers. Switch to ShipStation today. Go to shipstation.com and use code Dax to sign up for your free trial. That's shipstation.com code Dax.


He's in. You have two sleeves. You guys are matching. Oh, wait till you hear about his book. I think we have very The same life. Yeah. That's Exciting. So I'm gonna show you one thing right away. Yeah. Is that what side it's on? Yeah. J two C. Yeah. No way. Is he a J Two C? July 2nd. Oh No shit. 1975. Wow. July 2nd cancer. Yeah. You're July 2nd. January 2nd. Capricorn. My very best friend is July 2nd cancer.


So in junior high we came up with J two C. Very exclusive club. Cool. No one could be in it. Now we have matching tattoos. Irony that you always make fun of me for astrology. And you have it tattooed on you. I Do. It means nothing to me other than the letters and the fact that Aaron has them too. But yeah, when I read your birthday, I was ecstatic. Wow. That's very rare. It's a rare club. Yeah. I think. Congratulations. I had a guest. Thank you. That was J two C. I know a lot of people with July 2nd birthdays. Oh, you do? Which is bizarre to me. Maybe six or seven of em, huh? Weird. July 2nd, July 3rd and July 4th. Mm. And would you always just do a full birthday party into 4th of July like Aaron did? I try never to celebrate birthdays.


Oh, I'm turning 50 this year. Yeah. Yeah. I just did it. How'd it go? It's okay. It's all right. Right. It's all right. It's just the number. I feel better than I did when I was in my early forties. Same for me physically. I think I'm doing my best Mentally in a better place professionally. Some people are like, where would you go back in time? I'm perfectly fine. So you start in Ohio and mom and dad are very young. You had 18 when they have you. Somewhere around that age. I don't know the exact date my father was, but pretty young. How much older Is your brother than you? Just one year. Okay. He's a January 2nd. J two C. No, he's a little bit later, but in January. What if he just looked at me and said, brother, Brother. Oh my God. Triplets. Weird.


Long Loss. But yeah. What was the scene that your brother arrived into in the scene that you arrived into? I've remembered most of my time in Colorado. But as a child in Ohio, I would imagine it was terrible. Yeah. Your biological mother and your father bear were already in a violent, messy situation when you arrived. Yeah. I was six months old when they separated. But your dad initially caught your mom with another guy. Physical altercation ensues, and then he leaves with your older brother and goes to Colorado and leaves You And leaves me. O Yeah. Six months old. And how long did that last? From What my aunt has told me, some of the stories, not long after I arrived on my stepmom's s doorstep.


For me, that was my mother. That's all I knew from six months on to current state. So yeah, six months old. And your Biological mom just showed up at this woman's house? Jan. Yeah. Jan. And she was 15. She was 15. Still in high school. And Dad's 19 or 20 or something. Yeah, somewhere around that time. But they're together. A couple Years together. They're together. So She's dropping you off to him Obstensibly. Yeah. The words were something like, you have my ex-husband or my husband, you might as well have all of my children. And my brother was already there, but then dropped me off as well. Wow. Yes. Trying to deal with that at 15 years old would be, gosh. Just mind blowing for me. Oh my gosh. She's a kid just trying to be a kid. Yeah. She probably loved being in high school when she got to be in class and not dealing with two little kids.


She was probably like, oh my God, I hope the school day goes On. I know. You know, I remember having conversations with my mom later in life saying how much she'd never gotta be a part of that growing up to experience those things as you do as a child. Like going through prom, experiencing graduation. Because it was all of a sudden here we have two children in her life that were not hers. Yeah. Wow. And felt incredibly responsible to take care of us all of a sudden. Yeah. And what kind of guy was your dad? He would give his shirt off his back to you in a second. But he was incredibly intense, angry, gentle. He was all over the place. Mercurial. Yeah. He was just a lover of fast cars and motorcycles and he was a huge biker. I mean, just a ball of energy full time all the time.


And violent as hell. Anything would piss him off. So You had to walk on eggshells a Lot. That's what it felt like a lot. Yeah. Just constantly wondering what the hell is gonna set him off all the time. And when He went to Colorado, it was some attempt to be normal. He joined the army. And so in some ways it seems like he was declaring he wanted to have some kind of a stable, better existence than he had. Yeah. A big part of what he was searching through life was just trying to be stable and have that family structure. I think he went through a lot of bad times as a child himself. So what you know is what you pass on and teach His dad. Your grandfather wasn't too dissimilar to him.


Correct. And that's what he's learned. So I think he probably craved that a lot, was to try to have a loving family, but obviously didn't know how to do it. Yeah. I was A little shocked when I learned of his kind of relationship with partying. 'cause he wreaks of an addict, but he wasn't very addict. Huh? He wasn't a constant drinker. I remember as a kid having that smell of marijuana in the house, but it was only when his buddies were over. And it was one of the smells that I love to this day, I don't smoke weed. Yeah. I can tell you what, I love the smell of it. And I want to smoke weed. I want to enjoy it. Yeah. I don't enjoy it, but I love the smell. So Jan though, she really kinda rose to the occasion. She stepped in and was a mom. She stepped in and really never let the foot off the gas.


There's notes that I've read from her in the past that said she really thought that these two kids could be hers. That's how much she loved us at such a very young age. But She's violent too to Some degree. Absolutely. Yeah. Just beating the shit outta the kids was totally fine and normal. It was back then To varying degrees. You were on the wrong side even in 84. Yeah. I felt it was in a way that she was trying to show that she was able to do it as well. I never felt it from like a intentional place. An anger. Yeah. When we screwed up, we knew. I mean, come on, you're a kid. You know you're getting your ass beat one way or another, but The strap they hit you with is like hanging on the wall from the stairs. Yeah, I know that. That's like a real declaration.


Like this is how we parent. We're not hiding it. No. You see that over there. You don't act straight. That shit's coming real quick. What would've been then, your dad's father-in-law, or your step grandpapa? Jan's dad. He owned a retreading tire place. Correct. And he took your dad in. I would guess. It seems like it's all gonna kinda work for a minute. Some of my favorite times as a child was being at that retread tire shop. Maybe it was the tire smell and maybe it was just watching these guys work incredibly hard. Yeah. I don't know what I loved about it, but I loved being there. The tires would produce these little warm rubber pieces and if you caught 'em in time, you picked 'em off the ground, you can roll 'em into balls. Oh Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


Everybody would collect those things and then they would have a rubber ball fight at the end of the day. Oh. All the employees would be throwing 'em at each other. Oh, I love that. That was a blast. Do you think any part of the appeal of that place was that your dad had to be somewhat in check of himself? 'cause he was at work. Was he more consistent and more predictable while he was there? Yeah, I think he'd get away with a lot more there. 'cause he was in front of peers or he was the guy who was running the shop. So he was the boss there. Certainly not gonna backhand one of us in front of all of them. Did it make You really close with your brother Growing up? Yeah, we were pretty close till we got about 12, 13 years old and then we kind of just separated. What age did you start skateboarding? Right around that time?


12, 13, Sixth grade for me is when it was time to skateboard. Right There is the time. We moved back to Ohio and yeah. Started skateboarding. My brother stayed in Colorado with my grandmother, which was my dad's mom. That's probably why we separated. He wanted away from your dad? Yeah. Yeah. At that point he never really got along with Jan. My mom. There was something there. I don't know what it was. At five, my dad and mom set us down and said that Jan is really not your real mother. She's out there somewhere. Oh, you didn't know that? Okay. We didn't know that until then. Wow. And I think around that point is when they were just always butting heads, always fighting my mom and my brother. And if it was an opportunity for him to stay away from them, he stayed with my grandma. Yeah. Grandpa sells the tire shop and you guys moved to Ohio and it's a pretty radical adjustment, right?


Yeah. Then we moved into a two bedroom apartment and that's where it was like, all right, you're gonna live in the closet And your parents' closet. In my parents' closet. That was my house. No bed. That was my room. No. Oh my God. That was the floor. And shortly after my brother had moved back to Ohio because my grandmother had passed away, The hitch just keep on coming. Yeah. So it wasn't long before my brother and sister shared that second bedroom. My mom and dad and myself. Now in the closet on the floor. And you talk about actually loving that closet and loving the escape. It was an escape. You know? It wasn't that big of a space. I don't know if you kind of relate it to a dog enjoying the doghouse. They love that cozy.


Probably for me it was the same feeling. I was able to throw some posters on the ceiling and it was a daydreaming moment. I can escape everything else that was happening and just go in there and think about a lot of stuff. A hide I would suggest. Yeah. Probably hide. Yeah. Yeah. Your imagination works over time when you're in areas like that. Yeah. I can relate to being the middle child. So my brother's five years older than me, so he was at like Apex Adolescent insanity and my little sister was still a baby, like a toddler. So one of them always needed a lot of attention. Right. And yeah, I just kind of went and hid and was happy to be out of it all. Yeah. Kind of unseen. That's Why kids make forts and stuff. They're trying to create a little World they control.


Yeah. Interesting thought. Okay, so another place that you kind of found comforting was Home. Ec place To feel loved. And I wasn't excited to be there, but I was thankful to be there. Oh, so I imagine you're getting validated there 'cause you're kind of good at all the stuff your teacher's impressed with the pillow you made. Yeah. Impressed with this and that. I'm sure you were in deep need of that. Were you getting a lot of affirmation at home? I can't Imagine. No. And you know with Ruth Snyder, she was the teacher there. That's where it came from. I was able to cook some things and one have a nourishing meal. That felt great for me. 'cause it wasn't like we were eating great at home. What were you eating? Chef? Boy, RD and TV Dinners. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely.


Yeah. Swanson's Swansons. Really shitty Aluminum tins and Salisbury steak. Boy, Swanson's good for them. I love salsbury steak. It didn't take shit to be a leader in that space back then. Then I think. Well just to be like digestible. It's true. I, Their brands came in after like Stouffers. I loved it. The microwave had just come out when we were kids. Yeah. Yeah. These moments you were still putting Swansons in the oven? Oh yeah. The aluminum foil ones. Aluminum fo ones. Yeah. I think the main ingredient was salt. No matter if you got like a steak or whatever, you looked in the back, it was gonna be salt. Salt. All sodium. Isn't it funny though, when you walk by those aisles? I have so many memories tied to those items and like I crave it.


Oh, me too. They were my favorite idols. Yeah. You just grab one every once in a while just to throw back and put yourself in check. Yeah. We Did another show called Flightless Burden. It was about learning about America basically. And so we did a frozen foods episode and I was just throwing so much in the car and I was like, and we have to get the Swedish meatball. Oh, we have to get, this sounds very steak. And then we made it all and yeah, it's so bad. It's bad. Yeah. I have so many memories. You know what? I still crave like crazy and I swear it's good when you look at the back of the can, you just can't go forward. But DTI Moore beef stew, do you ever fuck with the DTI Moore beef Stew? I remember that. We didn't Have That's a powerful can of soup right there.


I Remember that. I remember. Wow. Damn. Aaron and I, we would splurge when we got paid and we'd get six cans of DTI more. Did You cook it or did you just eat it Off? You jump it in a sauce pan, warm it up, and then white bread with butter dipping. Man. The struggles are real. Do You see this thing that, who's our guy? Rob Michael Voltaggio. Volta. Gio. Sure. Yeah. Where he does these things where he takes a stab at these things he liked as a kid. These kind of shitty meals. He does some of these famous dishes that are like, I Haven't seen that episode spa or any of those yet. SpaghettiOs, This is spaghetti that he is trying to make it like professional level, Like the high end version of Yeah. These hamburger helper.


Oh God. Like it'd be fun for if you tackled the Pop-Tart at your restaurant. Oh Yeah. A lot of that's been done. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Some of those nostalgic pastries people will bring back my staff, they used to make every Saturday for family meal, we would do no baked cookies. Oh. And I lived on those damn things in junior high and high school. They were 25 cents. They were peanut butter. There were no chocolate in them. It became such a thing for me. I had to search out a recipe and then adjust the recipe how I liked it. Yeah. And then I would give it to my staff and see if they can make it. Oh, And did It deliver? And they were always wrong. Almost 90% of the time they're wrong. I mean, you don't have to bake 'em. You have to do a certain thing with the sugar. You gotta bring it to a temperature and cook it for a certain amount of time. Let's see how good you can follow directions.


Mm. And they're always fucked up. They're not good. I wonder if that's similar to my mother all growing up still. My favorite dessert she would make is called C choc. No Bakes. That's what they were called my family. And it's chocolatey. It's got oatmeal in it. That's it. Those are phenomenal. Yeah. What A treat. Most of the time they have chocolate in them. Yeah. But the ones that I remember had no chocolate. Cocoa Powder. Yeah. Cocoa powder. Peanut butter, oat sugar, oats. My mom still makes these every Christmas. They're so good. I She gets 'em right too. Yeah. By my accounts, she has I Unlike Your sta, Unlike my staff. Staff or professionals, How are you doing in high school? How are you handling all of the chaos at home? How are you compartmentalizing?


What's it doing to you socially? Certainly don't want to have a friend over for a sleepover. No. You know, when I was 14 is when I really stepped into the restaurant. Not a professional kitchen of course, but it was a diner in my small town that I was living in. A Big boys Similar. Yeah. I did work at a Fishery's big boy. We had Elias Brothers and I worked there up in Michigan. Yes. Same. Same concept. Oh, real quick. Did you eat the food off the plates so that the tables were cleared? Oh no. Good for you. I did. Oh God no. It started slow. And my best friend J two C, he also worked there at a different time. One time years later, we were talking about it. I'm like, did you ever eat the food? And he goes, yeah. You know, it started with someone leave half of a grilled cheese untouched. So yeah, I'd eat that. Or they'd make the milkshake and they'd give you the steel container that they mixed it or Oh.


So if someone didn't touch that, I'd have that. Okay, I get that. But that grew into, I would just grab a big boy bite directly into the previous bite marks. Oh. Like that's what it, it just unraveled God to that. But they're paying 2 35 an hour and you only got half off on the meal. So I broke the event. Oh yeah, I'm gonna eat for free. Yeah, I had to do that. Okay. Sorry. So you got a job at a diner. Washing dishes. And I was able to cook what would've been my family meal. My staff meal. I was able to have a meal a night there working. Plus he'd pay me $15 cash every night. So I thought I was like the richest guy in the world. Yeah. Free meal. $15 cash in my pocket. 14 years old. Was loving life. And I wanted to work.


I wanted to make money. I was poor as shit. So I was smart enough that I started putting that money away. And over time it built up enough to where when I was 16 I was able to buy a car, then I could get a job further away. And then that spiraled into working in another restaurant. Not in my hometown, but further away. 'cause I could drive. And that just all expanded into better opportunities for me. And I already knew at that point, I want something greater than what I could possibly have here. Living in that closet couldn't be the end of the world for me. There's gotta be something else out there. So through high school, I didn't have a lot of time at home. I was always get up, go to school, go directly from school to work. And I work five, six nights a week. At that point, my parents were already on shaky ground and if I wasn't home, I didn't have to deal with any of the shit.


Yeah. Yes. I would get home at 11, 12 o'clock at night, do some homework, go to bed, hit repeat. But I was loving it so much. That exhaustion didn't even factor in my brain. Yeah. Again, you're like, Jan probably loving high school and yeah, 11th grade he was happy to be away. Exactly. So where are you at when you get the phone call? So I just got home from school. What college were you going to? Ohio State. Which Is in Columbus. Columbus, yeah. At the time, my girlfriend was a senior in high school, so she had just got outta school and I was on the second floor. She came by and honked her horn. I looked out the window and she's like, Hey, something's going on with your family. Your sister got picked up about an hour ago from school, from the cops.


And I'm like, what? What's going on? She told me that something happened when your dad kidnapped your mom or something. And I'm like, what the hell? What? And ironically, my father kept messaging me that morning or trying to get ahold of me saying, come and see me today at the house. I was so involved with school, so involved with work and trying to deal with my parents. I was stuck in the middle a lot. And I don't wanna be manipulating to my mom and telling my dad and telling my mom one thing because of my dad saying, Hey, go tell her this. Yeah. I hated those moments. And that happened quite a lot. So I just decided I'm not gonna go to the house today and just talk to you. Later the week, 20 minutes later or so, knock on the door from one of the local police department and asked me to come with him out to my dad's house, which was about 20 minutes away from where I was living in The house that he had inherited when your grandfather went to jail.


Correct. And so what happens when you arrive? So ironically, I'm sitting in the back of a cruiser, completely innocent for the first time driving out there. And I'm just trying to process what is going on. The cop was telling me, you know, your father took your mother at gunpoint, kidnapped her in the car and is now holding her hostage. What outta your house? And I'm like trying to process this for what felt like an eternity drive to where we were going. We couldn't get there fast enough. Turn the siren step on it. Yeah, let's go. So we finally got there. They took me to a house next door. It was in the middle of the country. So next door was down the street a half mile or so to what they called a safe house.


And there was my brother, my sister, my uncle, who was also a police officer At the time, But a terrible dude. Terrible man. Yeah. Beat You unconscious while they were out of town once. Oh, All the time. It's just a piece of shit of a man. Thank God he had a badge. Yeah, exactly. Oh my God. It justified everything in his mind. So yeah, we stayed there as the standoff continued for 10 plus hours I think it was. So it went in through the middle of the afternoon until well into the night. 10 o'clock, 11 o'clock at night. So She wasn't living there with him? No, at this point she had moved out. She had got her own place.


And one of the conversations I had with her was like, I need to live on my own. I need to experience all these things I didn't get to experience when I was younger. One of 'em was how do I survive on my own? Right. Living on my own, having my own apartment, having my own bills, fending for myself and making it through life by myself. She had already moved out six months prior to that. So I was in and out of the house a little bit with my father staying there. But we eventually would come home to a place where we had everybody living there to the now. Nobody except for him. So I think it was very difficult for him to grasp that feeling of no one wanting to be there. Nobody wanted to be around him. Yeah. At this point he's off the rocker a little bit, trying to stay on the meds of antidepressants.


And that was a whole rollercoaster as well. Some nights I would decide to stay there instead of staying at my house closer to school. And I would come home to an unconscious, couldn't even wake him up. Just out of it. Out of it. No alcohol involved, no drugs involved, other than just the stuff he was taking. I dunno if it was overtaking it or if he decided to stop taking it at that time, but Brought down with depression in So many words. Yeah. Yeah. Just didn't wanna move. Just didn't wanna do anything. So he shot Jan. Yeah. And then he shot himself. Oh boy Did Jan. Like Everyone's dead. And you're 19. 19. Yeah.


This is Sad. And in a unique and cruel twist. For whatever reason, the police who hated his father ask him to identify the body. And they're showing him a stack of pictures and they're showing both of them killed dead. And he is like, yeah, that's them. The guy just continues to show 'em pictures. Shows them the autopsy. Yeah. All autopsy pictures. Not just a picture of the face or anything. God, You've met the worst people on earth. Yeah. I mean, really's a, an abundance of terrible fucking people. It was so bizarre. Oh man. I'm sorry. Yeah. 'cause a few days later they asked me to come and grab all of their personal belongings, the bedsheets that they were laying on. Anything they used for evidence to come and get the clothes, the jackets, all their personal belongings.


And then as I sat down and grabbed all that stuff, they sat me in that room and just started dropping pictures. Polaroids of my parents. And one or two's enough. Yeah. I get it guys. Yeah. Yeah. It's so twisted. Well when you see the pattern of erratic decisions, we're moving to Colorado, we're moving back, we're gonna be a cop, we're gonna join the army. These are all from the outside. They seem like attempts to fix what's going on. Mentally running From something. Yes. Hoping that this big reset will somehow change him. Yeah, you're right. What's clear in the book? You still have a lot of love for your dad though. I do. It is bizarre. 'cause I did go through a long, long time of hatred towards him. He is disrupted, interrupted, fucked up my life to some degree.


Our lives, our family, the whole thing. There was a lot of hatred stuff I had to work through personally to overcome that. But I try to see who he is. I try to understand the position and the things that he went through, where his mind was at that age. I mean, I'm well older than he was at that time. It's 40 years old. Wow. So I've outlived him. My mom never saw 40. Yeah. Did you ever reconnect with your biological mom? You know, speaking of CIA's big boy. Yeah. My brother, when I was working one day, he's like, Hey, I got a friend outside who wants to meet you. He's dying to meet you. I'm like, all right, cool. I think I'm 16 or 17. I go outside, Hey, this is your mom.


Sue is her name. And I'm just in complete shot. I'm thinking I'm gonna meet one of his buddies. Yes. And I'm here. This lady is standing and she tries to hand me $50. I'm like, what the hell am I gonna do with that? I don't need your money. I didn't take it. $50 doesn't capture the last 17 years. So I never really reconnected with her. My brother has a relationship with her to this day. I just chose not to meeting her. It hurt me because I didn't want to upset my mother. I felt dis low if I told her right away. I had to tell her I was killing me. I was so worried about breaking her heart. I didn't put myself in that position. I was forced into that position. To this day, I probably would've never met her. Yeah. And it's weird because if you don't see her, you can kind of compartmentalize it.


Like she doesn't really exist maybe. Yeah. Yeah. The seeing her, you have to face, yeah, this person dropped you off at six months old. Yep. Made a choice. Your life is tough and part of it's 'cause she put you in that situation. Yeah. And never look back. Well, yeah, as far as the compartmentalization, there's layers to, it's like a is best to just ignore. She even exists. And then if she does exist, it's actually a lot easier if she doesn't want to meet you. Mm. Yeah. It's very complicated. If wait, she's gone and now no, she isn't gone. And I don't know if I can handle that. She actually wants to have a relationship with me. Yeah. That's kind of overwhelming. It is. There's a lot of things that I want to know from her medically. You know, the lineage of her father and all the things that maybe could affect me and my family.


Yeah. But not so much that I want to have that relationship. 'cause I'm verified. Reach out. It's gonna open a can of worms. You're not in the market for that. Yeah, I'm not. I'm good. My life is great. What do you major in at Ohio State? It was a Culinary degree in applied science. It was a three year program for culinary. You knew from that first restaurant job you got, this is what I want to do. Yeah. Once I got into high school and I started working like in a professional kitchen, this is all I wanna do. When do you decide to go from, for lack of better terminology, like a pedestrian cook to Oh, I actually want to be a chef, an artist. My last two years of high school was in a vocational school or a tech school. Luckily they had a culinary program there.


So I spent the last two years of high school in that culinary program. And I met a lady named Kathy Za, who was the teacher and the instructor there. She was very well connected to a lot of the professional chefs in the Columbus area. And she would take students every year once a year to a place called Muirfield Village Golf Club. It was owned by Jack Nicholas that held one of the PGA stops of the tour. And I went out there consecutively for two years and that's where I really wanted to work. So she was able to connect me with the chef and I just went there to work that week. But then I started going there on the weekends to work for free because I just wanted to be there. What Was he doing that was so intriguing? Because I think it's important for context.


Anyone that's 25 years old right now, they've grown up in a era where there were many, many cooking shows on. There are Instagram accounts where you follow this. There's knowledge of Jose Andre's teachers in Spain. Like yes, you could really know everything. Celebrity chef culture. Yes. Pre bourdain's book. But for you and I, I don't know. What would you see in a magazine, like a travel magazine? How would you even be exposed to this kind of far end of cooking? For me, it was the environment that was there. Being able to go there and the houses around the golf courses. This one has an elevator and this one has eight rooms. And it's just massive eye-opening moment for me that I wanted to be a part of.


And the only way to be a part of it is if I was working there. Yes. Not only that, the chef, John Souza was so great with the young cooks and was a very educational and a great hands-on teacher. So any opportunity I got, I went there to work for free or whatever. They didn't hire me, just let me spend my time that I wasn't working somewhere else here. So he agreed to take me on as an apprentice. As I went into college, I spent a total about six years there. Everybody would leave at night and I would stay there and I would start creating. I would leave at three o'clock, four o'clock in the morning where everybody else is out drinking and partying. I'm still in the kitchen working for free, doing my thing, trying to create, just trying to learn and learn and learn.


That's where I put the blinders on and just was like total focus. And Would you ever be experimenting and discover something and then pitch the chef? Yeah, As a young cook, that's the greatest thing is like to try to have something on the menu. It's like seeing your name in the credits of a movie. When you're an actor, It's the greatest thing for a young cook. 'cause most of the time there was always like, no, it's the chef's restaurant. It's his ideas, it's his everything. Yes. In 2000, you're now 25, you are working at Charlie Trotter in Chicago. Yeah. That was the draw to come to Illinois. The internet was around a little bit at that time. So it wasn't a lot of communication through there. It was just like sending resumes, sending a cover letter, just trying to get in the door.


And finally they called and said I could come there and do what we call a stosh, which is basically work for a short amount of time for free. It's a way to interview you, if you will. How standardized are the cultures in these higher end restaurants? So like the golf course that you were coming from, what was the culture in there versus what it was like at Charlie Trotter? I'm presuming some of these are more dictorial. Yeah, there is a brigade system that you follow by. You have chef, you have the executive chef, chef cuisine, sous chef. There's a banquet chef in there somewhere depending on how large the operation is. Pastry chef and then what we call chef de partis, which are all the cooks. So the hierarchy there is very interesting and something that's pretty standard across most high-end restaurants.


But culturally, huge difference. Going from Muirfield, which was more laid back, although there's a lot of great standards there and culturally there was a great time and place. But when I got to Charlie Trotters was completely different. Just really intense work environment. A Lot of panic and yelling. Not So much yelling. It was just very demanding, physically, mentally. Like you had to be on point all the time. Charlie was relentless for putting you in positions of uncomfortableness because of the perfectionism. Yeah. And I think he wanted everybody in that restaurant to be great. I imagine myself in some of these kitchens, at least that I hear about and I'm like, that would be too much for me. You punched them For me. I think it was welcoming to some degree.


I guess you admired the people. That's the key, right? You probably did admire this chef. Yeah. Yes, you're right. And want their skills enough to tolerate it all. Yeah. And I think even dating back to John, Susan, also a good friend of mine who's the banquet chef Regan. Coy vto. I admired these chefs so much that they could have told me to jump off a building. I probably would've done it right? Yeah. You wanted what they had. Yeah. And that was the structure I was craving. It was right At the time my parents passed away and now I'm like all of a sudden this malleable teenager that needs structure. I need it, but I don't have it. Yeah. So I could have went any direction in life I wanted to had I not had these structural pillars in my life. You know, Regan was a huge asset for me.


Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare.


We are supported by Michigan. Ding, ding, ding. Oh, I'm such a proud Michigander. I love Michigan. The people, the nature in summertime, in Michigan, I'm telling you I would put it up against any place in the world. It's such a beautiful state and it's a great place for everyone, especially kids, to experience all four seasons with beaches, trails and snow. A stones throw away. What you may not know is Michigan is also a great place to work. You can have a quality lifestyle and a rewarding tech career. The fast growing and rapidly evolving. Automotive and clean energy industries offer opportunities for career advancement no matter what your skill level. Plus Michigan offers accessible housing, exciting nightlife, and an inclusive community for all. It's really a one of a kind place. And do not forget the Lakes. Lakes, lakes, lakes, lakes, lakes. Live your best nine to five and five to nine. You can in Michigan. Go to the Michigan life.org to learn more.


We are supported by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all in one website platform designed to help you stand out and succeed online. Whether you're just starting out or scaling your business, Squarespace gives you everything you need to claim your domain, showcase your offerings with a professional website, grow your brand, and get paid all in one place. Squarespace has been along for the ride with us, as we've you know, first just had a website, then started selling merch and it's grown with us and has helped us scale. If you're a fellow creator, Squarespace makes it easy to monetize your content easily sell access to online courses, blogs, videos and memberships. Start with a fully customizable website and earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. Simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. This is why we love Squarespace. Setting up that kind of tech sounds hard, but they take all the guesswork out of it. You can get your site up and running quicker than you would've thought possible. Head to squarespace.com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, use offer code Dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's squarespace.com and promo code Dax to get started today.


We are supported by better help. You know, there's still a bit of surrounding stigma for men's health. I think it can, I think so too. Still be challenging for men to admit they're struggling and seek help. I have a friend who just started therapy, a male friend and he loves it so much and, but yes, I think it's taken a little extra long because you're right, there is a stigma but there really shouldn't be. Yeah. Men today face immense pressure to perform, to provide and keep it all together. So it's no wonder that 6 million men in the US suffer from depression every year and it's often undiagnosed. If you're a man and you're feeling the weight of the world, talk to someone, a friend, a loved one, a therapist. I'm a man I've benefited greatly from therapy and Better Help is a great option if you're looking to start therapy. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise, talk it out with Better Help Arm cherries get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash dax. That's better help HE lp.com/dax.


We are supported by Quince. You know when you look back at photos of yourself in your all black punk stage in high school or wearing head to toe nineties neon and you wonder, what was I thinking? Sometimes trends just don't stand the test of time. If you want an outfit that you're gonna feel great about both now and later, check out the wardrobe Staples from Quince. They're classic and elevated, so you're gonna love the way you look now and years from now. And they're made with high quality materials. So they'll hold up for years to come to. I love Quince. I love their cashmere so much. Yeah. If you wanna revamp your wardrobe, which I suggest per season, yeah. Add some pieces in that are fun kind of just for the season. There's some really good summer pieces, some great button downs that you can also wear by the pool. They have European linen beet shorts. You now organic silk polos. Stick to staples that last with elevated essentials from Quince. Go to quince.com/dx for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's QUIN ce.com/dx to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/dax.


You end up in 2003 as the pastry chef at Trio, correct? Yes. Again, I'm stupid, I know nothing about this, but I would imagine a pastry chef is solely gonna be a pastry. I just think of someone dessert as cooking dessert that feels like a specialty unto itself, that that would be the end goal For some people. Right. For most people in the pastry world, it is a completely different discipline and that is exactly what they do. They are set on pastry and this is what I do. I don't really screw around with the savory world. Like I want pastry sweet world's my thing. I need shit to rise perfectly. Yeah. And that's all I wanna think About. Restaurant Trio back in 2003, it was a different mindset. Like sweet and savory could intermix.


So I never really looked at myself as a pastry chef. I spent a lot of time in the pastry department in every job that I was at because I felt like it was important to be well-rounded. And when the opportunity came, when Grant had said, Hey, you want to take over the pastry position? I jumped at it because I felt like I had base knowledge of it and it was a way for me to express some creativity Because the pastry chef, I'm imagining is a little more empowered to create a Hundred percent. They're basically the Jeff of the whole sweet side. The head chef's gonna lead them to that kind. Yeah. But I felt so obligated as a younger cook to understand that side of it because the language barrier, talking to a pastry chef and someone who doesn't understand the pastry world can get blurred really quickly.


But if you can have that conversation about pastries as a savory cook, how much greater could you be? You can now conceptualize together. Yeah. It's like at other businesses when you should have worked every single piece of it. Yeah. Even when you're at the top. So you can then speak the language so You understand it. Yeah. You understand where everybody's at. And So you're two years there and then in 2005 you go to Aline Alinea, Alinea and Rob. That's where you ate. Yep. Couple times. How long had Alinea been a prominent restaurant in Chicago at At The time? So we, we actually opened Alinea. So Grant Aki, who was the chef at Trio where I was the pastry chef, we closed Trio with the idea that Grant is now gonna open Alinea and he asked me to be one of the chefs that would help him open it.


So then we spent the next year and a half in an office creating what would be Alinea. We were working in one of the investors' home to create dishes for A year and a half. These are not Normal for solid year and a half. Yeah. Dishes. You should watch the chef's table. I Watched. It's incredible. I watched several different videos of what happens at your restaurant ever. It's different level. You take this tochi, you cut it up, then you freeze it in little blocks, then you put it on a meat slicer to make it crazy thin. And then you let that curl up and you put that in liquid nitrogen. Liquid nitrogen and now it's this little curly tail. Yeah. And then it's gonna basically thaw the perfect time that it's on the plate.


Yeah, it's, It's science and art. Yeah. It's a little bit of everything. I Only remember this from interviewing Jose, but a lot of that was pioneered in Spain there. Well the liquid nitrogen aspect was certainly pioneered there. The science side of cooking was really implemented there in bui in Spain there. And then a lot of the great restaurants in Spain now still practice that modern gastronomy. So how are you guys becoming adept and educated on it? Back in the day, it was just about the internet. Everybody was on the race to post new and creative and interesting things. To be the first one to kind of say we did it. That was a huge race back then. That was early two thousands.


And you know, at that time Spain was so far ahead, everybody's eyes were on what they were doing over there and just trying to out, not really compete but stay up to speed with everything. Not Be embarrassed by what they're doing Basically. Yeah. I mean because they were so far ahead and they're always forward thinking. Even in their architecture, they're so far ahead. I'm imagining there was a huge reward for you with Alinea just having been a part of creating the whole thing. Did you have a sense of pride and ownership overall That A hundred percent. They're celebrating their 20 years right now. Grants traveling couple cities to celebrate to 20 years. I think it's a milestone. It's incredible because restaurants of that nature, they don't stick around that long. Yeah, yeah. Most restaurants don't stick around 20 years. Certainly one that's super progressive.


Yeah. And forward thinking like that. After Alinea, you go four years later to Avenues in the Peninsula Hotel and there you're head chef. So this is your first time on your own. Yeah. And was it hard to leave Alinea? Did you feel the loyalty you felt towards Jan? Was it hard for you to break out and finally do your own thing and not be with anyone? Well, funny story is if we back up to me leaving Charlie Trotters, I interviewed with Grant at Trio and Grant didn't wanna hire me 'cause he is like, you need to do your own damn thing. Oh, I'm getting ready to do my own thing. He's like, you need to go find your own kitchen and kind of like have your own voice. I didn't feel like I was ready for it. So I convinced him somehow to hire me.


And that's where we made that connection. We started working together. So when it was my time to leave Alinea, for me it was, you know, you're in the shadows, you're doing other people's food, which is great 'cause it's still a huge learning thing. But at some point if you know you have that entrepreneurial spirit and you know you wanna do your own thing, you have a voice, you can't stand in those shadows. So I left and spend some time just figuring out what I wanted to do. And then avenues came available for me to, I don't wanna say audition, but I cooked for certain people in the hotel and it was a restaurant that was already very successful with the chef that was there and they needed to carry on what was going on in that restaurant space. So they allowed a chef to come in there and have really their own voice.


The restaurant didn't have an identity, so you know, they would just hire the right chef to run it for as long as they would want to run it. It Just needed to be great food. Yeah, it didn't need to have a personality. Right. It wasn't like, oh it needs to be a steakhouse, it needs to be a Italian place. They're like, it's a chef driven restaurant. What did you make for Your audition? Do you Remember? I don't remember. That's a great question. I might need a chocolate. No bigs for everyone, but I think mostly with my resume and my time at Alinea and just who I was in the city, I'd already started to develop a name a little bit and it was an easy sell for the hotel. And so the year after you took that job, you earned two Michelin stars. Correct. Alright, so help me understand.


I'll see like Michelin Star restaurant and then I notice you've got like three stars. How does this Michelin Star thing work? Yeah, I didn't realize there's multiple. I just thought either you get one or you don't. It's an Earned accolade every single year. So it is not yours to keep and it's theirs to take away whenever they decide, oh, you're not holding the standard properly. It is not a permanent thing. Oh. Oh, I didn't know that either. So you could be a one Michelin Star restaurant for a couple years and then be a zero Michelin star. Absolutely lose that. Oh gosh. Are you allowed to say previous Michelin star? I know. I would still Want that. There is plenty of restaurants out there that have lost it. And how's it earned? They just drop in at some point and they eat there. So Yeah, they shop you throughout the year unannounced. They could be buried in a six top, they could be buried in a large party.


They could be a single diner, two top. I wanna be one so bad. Bad. They could be really anywhere. Male, female. I think you and I would be bad Old young. How dare you? I'd be so good. Like things so much. I don't think we'd be discerning enough. Oh, I know personally we would've given out like 50 of them by now. Like we had a sticky toffee pudding at a pretty medium, like a rat level hotel. And we were like, this is the best thing ever. Literally we were like, we gotta plan a trip back there just to get that sticky. It's true. We would've given them two or three for that. Oh yeah, eight. Eight Mitchells of stars Could Give them eight As odd as it work, what's the max you can get? Three Is the highest. And that's so rare. Eth Worldwide there's less than 150. So you can imagine At the time when we received the third Michelin Star, we were one of 12 in the country.


Oh Wow. That's amazing. What's the celebration like when that's announced? Because it's gotta be, it's a huge party. So good for your business. It Does make the restaurant busier. Certainly my changes clientele immediately from people, not just locally, but now they're flying in from all over the place just to eat at your restaurant because there's diehard Michelin fans that just travel the world to eat at restaurants. That's all they do. Yeah, I know we were maybe gonna do a podcast where We, we lightly suggested it. We Suggested we would go to all the Michelin star restaurants and record while we ate it. Yeah. But misophonia people don't like the sounds of eating while people Talk, but we just kind of casually mentioned it. And didn't we get a bunch of emails, Rob? Yeah, we got like four or five Invites.


So like I think maybe we should Maybe pick out about we should. Does that all? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So why do you only stay there for a few years before opening Grace? As a young cook, I didn't get into the business to earn accolades. It was not even a thought to be a chef and to win awards. For me. It was about feeding people, making them happy, creative memories. And this was a way for me to make a living and I get to be creative and do what I love to do. So that's the reason why I started cooking. Michelin was not in the US until recently. We're less than 20 years since Michelin's been in the US. Oh really? It's always been in Europe and they're still expanding from different countries still. You know, I think they saw a huge potential in North America.


Started in New York, then the California, Vegas, and then Chicago I think was the fourth city. So as young cooks, as young chefs, you always look at three Michelin stars as like the pinnacle of some chef's career. That's the highest accolade you can get. Yeah. Where Do you go from there? Where do you go from there? When we receive two stars blown away, like what could we do immediately? Start thinking like with what I'm surrounded with and the tools that I have and the people that I have and everything here, I have control over it, but I don't have control over it. It's not mine. It's in a hotel and there's guidelines and there's certain things that you gotta play by. There's certain rules. What if I didn't have any of that? What does that look like now all of a sudden it's like I could possibly obtain that third star on my own because I have full control over everything at that point.


Yeah. So that's where the mind went. That's where I started searching for investors and starting to build what I thought would be my restaurant. Okay, so now here's where I get really confused because you start Grace, in 2012, 2013, the Rob reports named you the best restaurant in the world. You earn three Michelin stars four years in a row. Oh my God. What? And it closed in 2017. I'm like, I'm reading this and I'm like, whoa, wait down. Why did you close? Because you can only go down from there. We can like imagine anything in the world. What we've now discovered is it's perfects perfect.


Let's shut it down. Like what is that? That is called a shitty business deal. Oh. Oh, okay. That's where it came from. You were in a arrangement that didn't work for You. Yeah. When you're young and hungry and you want your own thing, you just go. And we did. And we signed an agreement that wasn't looked over through a professional lawyer to say, don't sign that. Are you fucking crazy? But we signed it 'cause we were hungry and we knew this guy was gonna give us money to build this restaurant. And this guy was so bullheaded that in 2016, if you had gone to him and said, look, you're gonna have either nothing or you're gonna gimme my fair share. Oh, you said, great. I'll take nothing If you would've been part of that story. Or behind the scenes. That's exactly what I said. Yeah. Yeah. What happened was, so we had gone into a place where we knew we were gonna leave, but we were trying to buy the restaurant from him.


All of a sudden we find out, we're not really owners, we're just employees of this guy's restaurant. He is not a restaurateur. He is never been. He's a guy who does real estate on the super, super low end, bottom feeder, Slum, lordy type stuff. Slumlord. Yeah. Yeah. To the max. Right? So we start to see all these red flags as we're building it. We should have paid attention to the red flags. We just said, ah, that'll never be us. And we just move forward. But if I can defend you for one second, you have a crazy skill. You're a crazy artist. Right? You cannot be expected to also be the savviest a business man. To expect that out of one person is kind of ludicrous. I know. But the idea is you're supposed to surround yourself with great people. Right. It takes some Time.


Time, really. It takes time to build her out up. So yeah, we build the restaurant and we get to a place where it's paid back and then some, and then some, and then some. We're a place where we're supposed to be making now money from this restaurant. We had a ton of sweat equity into it. Fucking Three stars. Four years in a row. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. We earned everything we set out to do. The restaurant was busier than could ever possibly think of. I mean, we had, you know, wait lists for months and months at a time. It was everything that we wanted it to be. So we get to a place where it's like, look, this is not working out. If I leave the restaurant closes, this guy was like, no. Okay, then walk. So I walked, but when I walked, I didn't announce it to the public because we were also still negotiating trying to buy this restaurant from him, which he was never gonna sell to us.


He was just putting a carrot and a carrot and a carrot to buy more time, make more money. So he was never gonna sell it. And the buyback number was so atrocious. You would just fall off your sleeve. No, we're not buying it for $10 million. It took us a million and a half to build it. Yeah, yeah. What are you talking about? I left and I left for like four months, but I was still managing everything from the outside. I wasn't physically there, but I was having Zoom with my chef de cuisine who was creating dishes from me at home and going, no, put this here. Change that. Make sure the puree is this, and then taste it. How does it taste? And we were just doing things like that. It was so bizarre. And this was all behind the guy's back. Because I wanted the restaurant to succeed because I Had your Name on it.


It's your child. Yeah. Had everything. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And restaurants of that caliber just don't close for no reason. That was the pinnacle. And it was running like a damn Olympian. Yeah. It was an amazing thing. It was just carrot after carrot after carrot. And I'm like, right, we're done. So my business partner and I, we were in California here riding motorcycles with Keanu Reeves and a few other buddies. Just The Archer folks Through Joshua Tree and Yeah. With Arch Motorcycles. Exactly. It was an amazing time. And we both looked at each other and said, this is the day we already already drafted the story of New York Times. So Monday morning, New York Times dropped. Grace announces chef leaving the restaurant. Never reopens. Wow. But this was a conversation I had with this guy. He said, you don't understand the moment I announced it to the public, it's done.


They're not coming here because you Yeah. They're coming here because of my name and what I do and the shit. I'm like the fucking goose laying the gold egg. Yes. And you're just willing to throw it all away. So Shortsighted. He was just ready to burn it down. So he did. Yeah. He thought he was being a shrewd businessman. He has a hundred percent on nothing. Ego pride. Exactly. Ego. I'm delighted there was a good explanation because yeah, that makes sense. I would've really been scratching my head. That's Why I'm sad though. 'cause I wanna go there. Go to ever I will. Yeah. We have a better restaurant now. Okay, great. Called ever. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Had any other restaurant gotten three stars four years in a row? There's restaurants that have been three stars for 30, 40 years.


A lot of great French restaurants. But here in the us? In the us No. But the ones that had three stars were consecutive Lenius. Three stars since day one. They're 20 years now. French laundry, maybe they're 15 years deep. However long Michelin has been in the US French laundry. They've all held those accolades since they achieved them. Boy, it's a blessing and a curse. So Much stress to maintain Every year, to know you have to keep getting it. Well, that's a lot. I think you get to a point where it's like, what did we do to obtain the three stars? What are we doing every day? The mentality has to switch to just be better every day on every little thing. Small details is what pushes the whole operation forward. And that's always been kind of my mentality anyways.


It's like we don't have to be great at everything, but we have to be great at something every single day, even a little bit. And that little bit will push us in that direction. And if we got the three stars doing what we were doing, we don't need to change much, just continue doing great things In ways. It's harder to maintain something that's great than it is to make something that's great. Yeah. The fire burns out. There's more distraction at the top. Right. There's a lot greater opportunities coming your way. There's more restaurant deals. Maybe there's tv, maybe there's books, maybe there's other things that pull you outta the kitchen. And that's something that I'm experiencing, well, you know, the last five years is I don't get to spend as much time in the kitchen as I really, really want to. And that's my heart and soul is being in the kitchen.


But I have all these other things that also need me to help grow the business and to expand and yeah. Create other opportunities for my younger cooks that work for me. That's my responsibility. Now. This Is a topic I can never Yeah, me too tired of. Think it's very rare that people in life accomplish the exact thing they were set out to. And I just think the mindset of trying to get something versus trying not to lose something, trying not to lose something is just a very tricky and dangerous head space. Yeah. Mentally and Everyone roots for an underdog, but nobody roots for a top dog. Yeah. So you go from being like, oh, this guy's so great. Have you ever heard of him? To like, oh, well, let's see how good it is.


It starts shifting and that's, Yeah. It's much tough, more fun to say like, do you hear about this great new chef at X, Y, or Z versus, yeah. He's been doing this for 15 years. I hope it's still as good as it was. Exactly. It's Like A whole different, It's tough. The expectations are constant, at least in our business, at our level. Yeah. I was like, I'm watching you cook in some of these videos for so many reasons. I'm like, oh yeah, I could never do any of this. Like, first of all, you're so meticulous. Yeah. And I am not meticulous. Well, You are with like mechanics, Kenny, who, you know, when we work on stuff together, he's furious. My shit runs, but I didn't label all the hoses the way he did. Oh, sure. You know? Sure. Like I want to be on the road.


Whereas he's like very anal, meticulous, you know, some people are built that way and some aren't. My dad was that way on all of the parts in the garage. He knew if we screwed with one tool in his toolbox. Yeah. Well he'd position his drumstick, make sure Exactly wrong. Exactly right. Yeah. Like don't even look at it. Wow. Just like you can clean it. But he's the guy that says, go clean my motorcycle, but don't fucking touch it. Thank you. But yeah, you're just very meticulous. And it's very tedious. Oh yeah. The kind of food you're making. It is. And does that bleed over into your whole life? Is your wife like, oh my God, hon. It doesn't matter how the beds fucking made, just throw the sheet up. No, I mean, my kitchen at home is pretty meticulous.


It's your church. You're not that way across the whole spectrum. No, I wish I was. It does require a level of perfectionism at that level of, I can't even call it cooking. That level of being a chef is so detailed. Like you said, the shaving of the thing, The the main instrument I'm seeing is tweezers more than knives. It's crazy. Yeah. It's so Awesome. A lot of it's a team too. I'll set a standard obviously with how I do things, but their job is to really exceed those standards. So the comradery between all of them and the fun playfulness of trying to be better against each other is what also takes it to the next level, which makes my game a little bit better every day too. Okay. So you win the James Beard in 2016, and then you start ever in 2020 and you've won two Michelin stars.


20 21, 20 22. 2023. One thing I really liked about your kitchen and knowing your backstory, I'm not surprised, but your kitchen's dead quiet. Yeah. Ooh. That's like a big rule for You. For me it is. Yeah. I love silence. I love quietness. Is That novel to have it that quiet Normally, like you said earlier, it's like screaming and yelling and fire and people yelling at each other and overtalk each other. For me, it needs to be that way. 'cause it demands a certain amount of attention to detail. Not a certain amount, a tremendous amount. So if I can take away all the distractions, such as the noise, the white noise, particularly you Guys blend in and like room off the kitchen. Yeah.


Blending stops. So like once the front door's open, there's no more blender use. Actually, there's no prepping at all once the front doors open up. But the sound for me is nonverbal communication, especially during service time. Everybody knows what they're supposed to do. They know the next step. They can look at somebody and know exactly what's gonna happen next. How are The employees flirting and stuff? They're not, How Are You gonna fuck? I can't talk. You can't flirt with each other sometimes. That's fun. Okay, I see where you're going. You know, It's not so overt. Yeah. You really gotta have a good non-verbal game, I guess. Exactly. Yeah. Maybe. So we Just had a sex expert on teach us about a look. Yeah. The trying triangle look or something Triangle or something. So They'll probably do mono with it.


And shit was powerful. It Was intense. Yeah, it was intense. Oh, Really intense. Yeah. Yeah. Lemme try that on my wife. Is there a dish that you are the most proud of? It could even be at home. I've been a guy who's always said, I don't want to be known for something. I don't want be known for a particular dish. I don't wanna be the guy that's serving the same dish 20 years from now. Oh, Interesting. I force myself not to repeat dishes, because I think that's the easy way of cooking is just fall back on something, you know, is a really solid dish. And then you start to execute it every day and fine tune it, fine tune, and fine tune it. And there's something great about that too. There's a lot of chefs out there that do that. And there's something magical about that as well. It's just really trying to perfect that dish. But I think it takes away the creative side and you hit that comfort mode.


Complacency mode. Yeah. That's why I fear a lot of times with a tasting style menu with our cooks, it becomes a very mundane moment where it's like, all right, well tonight Dex, you're gonna do 60 hachi dishes, and then tomorrow you're gonna do 60 more. And then fast forward three months, you're still doing 60 a night. If you hit a mode where it's like you're just going through the motions, the Subconscious will take over at Some point. Yeah. And it's just, it's not exciting for them anymore. But you really have to think about it. Like that's the first time the guest is gonna see that dish. Yeah, exactly. So it needs to be the same way tonight as it was four months ago. Yeah. Well that's the part I'd imagine if I were a regular customer of yours, I'd be pissed at you. Like if Emily changes their cheeseburger.


Yeah, we're upset. Fuck you. We're upset. Yeah, we're upset. You know? Yeah. There's something about that too. Do you have to hear the complaints of people? Yeah. Like you take away their Favorite. Yeah. So we have a crab dish, Alaskan king crab dish. It's a very beautiful dish. It was kind of in the moment for a Valentine's Day dinner at Avenues. So we're dating back 15 plus years. And then I took that dish and just started refining it into a place where it is today. But it is a crab dish. It's Alaskan king crab that has different elements of citrus cucumber, but the way it sits is in a stemless martini glass. Oh wow. Without the stem. So it's a V tapered glass, and we build everything inside along the side so you can see through it. When we create this sugar T wheel on top of it.


So it's a clear glass pane that sits on top, so it separates everything. Almost kinda like a lid to it. And then we're able to build very gently on top of that lid. So from the side view, it looks like all these elements on top are floating. Oh wow. And it's become one of these dishes that people just like, is a crab crab dish on the menu? Right? Like no. 'cause we can't get good crab right now, so we take it off. But You might put it back on at Some point. Yeah. Every once in a while we'll make a debut again. Yeah. You'll call us before that. Yeah, For sure. Paul. Yeah. It's a very fun, interactive dish. And people love it. It's simple, it's clean, it's sweet, savory, salty. He's had a little bit of spice from Togarashi. Oh. Kind of hits everything on the palate. Yeah. You said your kink is having customers who come in who say, I don't like peas, or I don't like this.


Yeah. Or, and it's like, okay, well let me see if you're gonna like these. Yeah. 'cause you don't have a choice. You're forced to eat what we serve and Yeah. Sorry you don't like bees, but today you're gonna like it. Ironically, you love bees. Yeah. Turns out you do like Bees. Yeah. I love that experience. Yeah. I've only been to a few of these restaurants. French Laundry being the most famous of those. And their most famous dish is diamonds and pearls or something. Yeah. Oysters and pearls. Oysters and pearls. Yeah. I'm like, I hate all those things. I hate everything that's on that. And it came and I was immediately furious. That was the only one I was gonna get to have. Oh, oh really? I'm like, that's incredible. I hate these things. Yeah. And like I would eat six of those. I went to San Sebastian with some friends a couple years ago and my friend's a big food guy.


So we went to all these Michelin restaurants there 'cause they have so many. And by the end of that trip I was like, I can't eat food again. Like I'm done eating food for two or three months. It was so intense and rich. 'cause they're experiences, right? You're not there to just eat food. You're there to take in the environment. And how many days they're putting on a show. Many Days, how many days could you go to Disneyland in a row? Or how many days could you see Taylor Swift in a row? It's at some point Every easement park. But it was such a cool experience. Yeah. San Sebastian's got the highest population of Michelin Star restaurant. We've been there many times in phenomenal restaurants there. Do you find that you generally get on with other chefs? Yeah. Our level. Absolutely. Yeah.


You know, I just had a great meal last night at Vespertine here in Culver City. Jordan used to be a chef with us at Alinea. So it's so nice to see these young guys that work beside her underneath. You go on to do amazing things. His restaurant, Vespertine, he also has Destroyer, which is right across the street. Great experience. Oh, it's incredibly forward thinking food and looks at food and art a different way. How do You think your sous chefs and the people under you, how would they describe you? Intense. Very demanding, fair, psychotic. Okay. A little bit. That's fair. I think it's fair. I think you have to be a little crazy to want something great.


And it only comes from a place that I want greatness for them to, I want them to leave any of my establishments that they're working for me and know that they got the best knowledge from me or from anybody else that was working there. I want them to go on and do great things. That's all I want. That's where I'm at in my career is, you know, it's not so much about me anymore. It's about creating either restaurants with the guys that work for me or creating opportunities for them. Yeah. 'cause I think that's more satisfying for me right now. I cannot help but see the parallel between fine dining and art to some degree. Sure. A good deal of art's driven by the story of the artists. It's definitely part of the appeal. Are you sometimes seeing a very popular chef and then you eat at the restaurant and you're like, yeah, this is bullshit.


He's just an interesting dude. Yeah. Or she is an interesting, yeah. Does that exist in this new world of tons of famous chefs? Absolutely. There's plenty of chefs out there that are more interesting than the food that they're serving or the restaurants that they operate. Yeah. How does the bear the show tie into all this? A lot of people will say that the bear was storied after my life Inspired by It is not. I'm there to say it for the 12th thousandth times. At least they never said that to me. So I can't own it. I think there's a lot of similarities. The irony that the guy's name is Bear and he's a chef. Maybe that's how a lot of people make that connection with my father and me. And so the story, the Chicago, yeah, there's a lot of pieces.


If you really wanted to go down that road of connecting the dots, sure. There's some dots that you can connect. Were you consulted when they were formulating the show? I Consulted with them a lot. I did a lot of their food for some of the seasons. The fork season shot in the restaurant. They spent a couple weeks with us in the restaurant. Both restaurants has been an incredible experience. I mean, everybody working there has been top-notch from the actors all the way to the cameramen and people setting up. They're all incredible people. In the very beginning, I spent a lot of time just teaching people how to canal ice cream. Oh Cream. I've tried to do it. I Can't do it. Ice cream. And just, there's a certain touch to certain things that if it's not done right, it comes off like bullshit. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


Exactly. Him excluded. What's the best cooking by an actor you've seen? There's also not fat Many. There's a good amount. Bradley Cooper and that Movie. Oh yeah, that's actually a good one. I love that. Fav and yeah, Bradley Cooper. Cooper and that he cooks. He is like really into cooking. Well, let's hear from the pro. Yeah, I think, I think Bradley Cooper was a great one. Was a burn, right? Yeah. Burn. Yeah. I love that. Well, and Kitchen Confidential. Did you read that book? I did. Yeah. I did too. I loved it. But I'm an addict, so I like any Yeah. Addict At Mark. But he was the first guy who didn't sugarcoat anything. And I love that. He was very blunt. And that time for me, it was like, yeah, that is exactly what is happening in our world right now.


That's what I've been surrounded by. The drugs and the alcohol and the promiscuous shit that goes on behind the scenes when all the lights are off. Yeah. Very appealing for it. Your favorite. My favorite. Yeah. Yeah. I guess my last question is, what motivated you to write the book? I love it, by the way. It's very kitchen confide. Like it reads is like, you're gonna read a book about the Hell's Angels. Like it's not. Yeah. A lofty French cooking. It's my kind of book immediately. What prompted you to write it? 2016 we released a documentary called For Grace. It was a documentary about building the restaurant and building grace for grace. And that's kind of where I let my guard down for the first time in my world with my parents, not a lot of people, even close people around me, didn't really know the story of my parents.


I was super embarrassed by it. I was embarrassed that my father did that to the family. And I think at that time I was also looking at it like he was a coward. I didn't really process a lot of it at that point. They caught me in a very vulnerable time filming that documentary. They spent hours and hours with me every single day for months on end. And it was at the end of a workday. We got back to the house and the cameras were still going. And we just started talking about, my parents somehow got onto the subject. I told 'em the whole story of what happened. And they got all that on camera. Yeah. And then they left. And then I realized the next day they had drove to Ohio to get actual footage from the TV studio.


'cause they're like, we have a story now. Yeah. So that was released in 2016 on Netflix. Spent a few years on there. Did you feel a lightning of your spirit having that finally out and realizing people didn't look at you as a piece of shit, but rather a strong survivor? Did any of that happen? You know, It reached people that I never thought it would reach before. We saw an influx in the restaurant of just teachers coming through because of Ruth Snyder and how much she was a huge part of my life, and how she helped me navigate through a lot of things. And teacher side of it was just huge. And the end teacher would come through, the restaurant would give a free meal too, and just take care of them because it was so special.


It was pretty amazing to watch that moment. But that documentary, it just skimmed the surface of who I was and where I really come from. I decided one day that I just wanted to let it all out. I needed to just get it the hell off my chest, everything that I could remember and get it on paper. And you know, I asked my good friend Jeremy, if he would be interested in writing the book for me, because he had already written a few other books that were published. And I know he's an incredible writer. And he said, absolutely. And I said, okay, I got one thing for you. And he's like, I got one thing for you. And I said, okay. What? And he says, it has to be brutally honest. I'm like, dude, that's exactly what I said.


That's exactly what I want. I said, it has to be brutally honest. It can't be sugarcoated. I don't want a fluff piece. I need it to be real. I need a platform that I can emotionally let out my stories so I can be done with it. So it was very, very, very therapeutic for me to get these demons off my chest and onto the paper. Did You feel reluctant to have children knowing sometimes these things are pa, you said like your dad had a bad dad and I feel like that would scare Me. You're right. It does. It did. I was worried about having that continuation of that type of behavior. I was scared to have kids in the beginning, but I couldn't even imagine doing what was done to me, to anyone around me. Yeah.


Any person. Especially my two daughters or my two stepchildren. I couldn't even imagine like laying a finger. I mean, I get emotional yelling at them when I have to yell at them. And that's maybe once a year. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm like the biggest sissy. Well, that's kind of nice then. Then you Broke that cycle. Exactly. Yeah. It's very important that I was able to do that. Well, The book is aptly named Fireproof Memoir of a Chef. I think it's great, man. You guys knocked it outta the park. It's so interesting. Thank you. It's a Paige Turner. Curtis, this has been a delight for coming. I really hope I get to eat For coming. I'm Dying to. We're gonna exploit this relationship. We're in Chicago. Oh yeah. Well, I'd love to have you guys come to the restaurant when you get there next.


Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Love to have you. Wonderful. After watching those videos, I'm like, oh, I got a trial. This the crap, this smoke pouring outta things and steam. And I know. Yeah. Yeah. It'll be fun. It's incredible. Well, congrats on a great book. Thank you. And the many awards. And I'm glad that you found your way through it all in such a amazing way. It's Been great. All Right. Take care. Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Each Apple product, like the iPhone 16, is thoughtfully designed by skilled designers. The titanium Apple card is no different. Its laser etched, has no numbers and earns you daily cash on everything you buy. Including 3% back on everything at Apple. Apply for Apple Card on your iPhone in minutes subject to credit approval. Apple Card is issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


The CareCredit credit card lets me pay over time for just about anything my dog needs from food to vet care. But, but what if, hypothetically speaking, I got a bird. No a horse. Well, I got good news for my hypothetical self. CareCredit is accepted at more than 270,000 locations and works for wait for it all animals. And the even better part is it also works for me. I can use it for spa trips, dental treatments, and more. CareCredit offers flexible financing for all my hypothetical animals. And hypothetical me. Visit Carecredit.com to apply and find a location near you subject to credit Approval.


This is Nick. And this is Jack. We're best friends, ex finance guys and resident nineties experts. And every week on our podcast the best idea yet, we're bringing you the untold stories behind your favorite products. For instance, can you guess which billion dollar fashion company went viral? Thanks to a rhinestone covered tracksuit, or which cartoon turned four turtles into a global toy empire by accident? It started as a joke. Last one. Which cold beverage was so hated by Starbucks, they actually ended up acquiring it. Spoiler. The Frappuccino. Howard Schultz apparently thought cold coffee was super lame. And then he bought it from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to Juicy Couture to the orange mocha. Frappuccino. Join us every week to learn how your favorite things got made. Follow the best idea yet on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. And you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus. And if this podcast lasts longer than 45 minutes, call your doc Hilay.


This is her and Permian, if you like that. You're gonna love the fact check. Miss Monica. You have Let me turn powder. Yeah, powder. Rub it in a little bit. Right here. Just rub it in. Yeah. When I hit my face with a brush, it exploded. I had put too much on. Sure. That'll You can keep it. That'll happen. We've heard these stories of David Cruz. So I've heard these incredible stories for people, but people have worked on set with him. You know what I'm talking about? Not really. He was on one of these csis or Oh sure. One of these procedurals. You know, and he famously wore sunglasses. Yes. I mean, I know of him. I know the lore.


You know the lore and like we all know the fun stuff. But I definitely worry of some reputable people that had either been actors who come from the show or, or, or also crew members. And the one I found to be, I just hope it's true, which is so incredible, is that, well, I heard he would rewrite his side of the scene, but not the other side. Oh Yeah. Yeah. So Like the actor, the day player, rarely the stuff didn't even make sense anymore. That's tough. And then he would self edit. And I guess he had the glasses on and he would like, let's say his line was like, no, the no, the results just came back in. And there the, the negative, he would not like one part of it.


And then he'd go results in negative and he'd go boom. And he'd look down one of the cameras and go, boom. Oh. Telling them that's the take. Oh, so he was kind of self-directing and editing and he would just hit chunks. Oh, this is what I heard. Look, He knew his biz, he knew his show. I'm so sad. I didn't ever get to just be on set and watch it all. Yeah, that sounds fun. You can't argue with the results. It was a huge hit and everyone loved It. Exactly. It's too bad he missed meta AI glasses. 'cause he could have been like, he could've done a lot directing Whole show Maybe. Yeah. And he could just touch one side and that would mean something and then the other side would mean something. So he just, Yeah, he could probably edit real time.


You'd just be cutting right now. Yeah, I would, I'd just be holding it and like, just like you didn't even notice, right? I just didn't think that No, I would know you, you must admit I know exactly when you're editing in your head. Because like, I'm gonna catch you every time. Yeah. You catch me every other time. Okay. Well 'cause I'm also paying attention to the guests pretty hard. But, but if I were to only watch you, I would know exactly when you're editing. In This case, if it's just us two, let's prac, we'll practice. Okay. So throughout this fact, I watch this great doc about the turning point of the It's happening. No it's not. Yes, yes. No, it's not. I knew you were trying to trick me and so I didn't do it. I didn't edit it Ear. You use your ear as the clicker to edit.


You had a story you were gonna tell me that you didn't tell me in the last fact. Yes. This is a gross fact check. Okay. Because we have two groceries. Try to meet you there To talk about. You sent me a article that Topo Chico, a brand we love. Oh, I sent that to you. Yeah, you Did. Okay, great. 'cause today I was like, I gotta bring that up to you. Yeah. Trusted brand. We love Topo Chico. Yeah. We love, yeah. Still do. I don't care what they say. Just Yeah. Same. I I do too. But there I guess was a recall and we've been drinking it. Yeah. And I had a tummy bug. Oh, you went th there. Yeah, Of course I did. Like, oh, I probably, and guess who else I'm worried had some Who?


Brad Pit. Well, I should ask him if he's had an ass and ass. We maybe gave him a tummy bug. It's kind of cute. It's kind of cool. Anyone could, by the way, that would be a plant for you and your sickness. Where you got, you made him sick. Oh my God. Yeah. This is where we find out your moon childs Any your poisoning us to. I haven't done it. I haven't crossed the line. But that was a a you would call that a happy accident. Yeah. If he had harness. Like he can't really make it home. So I have to help him home. Yeah. And How do you help him home? Well, I get him in my car. Okay. He can't Drive the baggie with the bag. His harness is so bad he can't drive. Yeah.


Ideally it's coming out both ends. Yeah. Anyway. I still have, I have harness. So you still haven't Yeah, it was gone for a day, but it's back. It's interesting. I sent, I I saw that. Recall I sent it to you. And I have since drank Tableau, Chico. Rob, did we get ours from Costco? 'cause I wanna say Costco was in that article. No. Lazy Acres. I've been drinking like two or three day the last two months. So in no harness? No, I've Been fine, but Maybe. Okay. We should just be checking in with Rob I guess. No, because it could be ev like some are rant. I doubt every single one is. Yeah. We're We're drinking from the same Package. Yeah. But it could be each bottle.


I'm still gonna drink it. Isn't that wild? Wow. Yeah. I am too. I, Yeah, I guess you guys want me to take you home? That's what it seems like. Drive Us home. You home. I can't imagine turning over the wheel. Like what? That's more crazy to me than, although we've driven in the car where you drive and I like it. You've Let me drive you. Yeah. Yeah. I like it. But I like it 'cause I decide I like it. You know what I'm saying? It's, it's unnatural for me. And I decide to enjoy the notion that we might get in an accident. No. Well that's what I do. I just go, well that'll be fun. We'll survive in these accident around town. You think a a bad driver? No, not at all. Okay. I'm just such a control freak. I hate not having control of the car.


Yeah. I mean, look, let's just say this. I think my story is I avoid several accidents a month that I am I tell myself, your average person wouldn't have found their way outta that. Yeah. So I, you don't have to be a bad driver. I just go like, will they be able to get outta this weird situation where there's an oncoming car, but you have to quickly go, it's okay to drive on the grass at this point. 'cause that's less bad than a head on. It's so funny. 'cause you, the reason you are avoiding accidents is 'cause of the way you drive. That's part of it. You drive wildly. Yeah. So then there's almost accidents and then you get out of it. Yeah. I knock Be Careful though. 'cause be careful what you're saying because I got a really cryptic email.


I shouldn't even say this. What? But it is, it's been in, it's been in my head since he sent it. What happened? Someone on our business manager team sent a random email to me and saying like, Hey, we're renewing all your insurance on your cars. They will go through your social media. Oh. And I'm like, oh, he's telling me I have like one video of Aaron and I not even going that fast. We're on Los CLIs Boulevard. We go first through third gear in the, in the Z wagon. Which Are they gonna go through the podcast? Can they do that? I don't know. But I was like, oh my God. Wait, I've only, look, I've had one accident in 30 years of living in la I feel like I'm a pretty good bet.


Yeah. I got zero tickets for the last, I have no speeding ticket. Like my record is nice. Yeah. And he sent me this and I I was like both like he's telling me the truth. Yeah. No, it's he's telling you. So all blessing him. So that blessing. But it really made me mad At him. Or just the world. I feel like I was in trouble. He's telling you so you can clean up some stuff on there. I know, but I, I don't know why. It's funny, I keep thinking about reading the email and it makes me angry. And I'm like, why? What is, why am I angry about this? I know why. 'cause you know, You're, it's like an, it feels like a teacher called me. What? Like don't have No, the you got caught. You feel like you got caught and you don't like it. And no one likes Getting caught.


Yeah. I maybe it's like I want to have all things be true. You think I am. Oh, well I am a very safe driver. Yeah. A very good record. And I want you to ignore my fun I'm having on top gear and on my Instagram. But it's Not his fault. No, I know. He No, he is a blessing. Yeah. He's Telling. But I'm mad at him. Oh no. So it felt like he was shaming me about my Instagram. Oh My God. This is wild. No, none of it makes sense, but I'm just being honest with you that I keep thinking about. And then I go, why are you thinking about this over and over again? Like, what's actually been triggered? And I still haven't figured that out. But something deep has been activated. Yeah. Well I do think, I think you feel you got caught. You feel judged.


And my shame of having had the accident, I think I'm still dealing with this shame of having that Accident. That was a long time ago. I know it was like four years ago. But he brought it up in the email. Oh, we did? Oh, that Was was kind like, that was three years ago. Okay. Maybe he's trying to help you get over, he's he's trying to help you get over your identity marker of being a good driver. He's trying to help me have good rates. Which is what, that's his job. He's there to do. And I'm very appreciative of it. And I'm mad at him and I don't know why. 'cause I know he doesn't deserve it. I love him. And we even have cars in common. Like when I get a new car, he's the only one there that's excited. He's like, oh, that's a cool year. Oh man. And then he sent me this email and shame me. He's gonna come off your team now.


No, no, no, No. He's looking out for me. But it's funny how much it's bothered me. You know, like when you read a comment and it sticks around way too long in your head. Yeah. This is wild. It is. Although that's funny because I also have a comment that is in my head that I can't get out. Yeah. That also doesn't make much sense of why it's like bothering me so much. Yeah. We're, I just think people are like, really, there's certain areas where we're so fragile. It'ss it embarrassed. We're sensitive isn't we are. Yeah. We're really sensitive. And I do think the common thread maybe in both is judgment. Like, I feel judged by this comment.


Yeah. Yeah. And I think you feel judged by yours. Yeah. That I'm like reckless and irresponsible. Even though Jacob is only trying to protect you. I couldn't be clear about that. We're we're dead clear on his, his intentions and, and, and the good will. His capability. He wishes for me. Yeah. And he is doing the right thing. Yeah. And still I didn't, I felt like I got slapped on the wrist next. Sometimes it's a, we all do make mistakes. But you don't think it's a mistake. This Is why things No, I, my me getting in an accident was a mistake. Oh, a okay. No. An accident. That's not, he's telling you don't talk about doing illegal stuff. I know. That's what he's saying. And literally we just did it on the fact check.


Like tomorrow's fact check. You and Aaron talk about doing some illegal stuff. Well, we wanted to. No, but then you raced that guy. Oh, that was all in the speed limit. I was thinking about Jacob when that was happening. See? And I was really mad that that was in my mind. Well, it needs to be. I mean, I've been having fun in cars since I was 16. Okay. That's the name of the Game. Well, why don't you do this then just come to terms with the fact that your insurance is gonna be astronomical. You're Right. That's the solution. Yeah. And I've been working towards that. Okay. But it's hard. Okay. Yeah. Wow. All right. I wanna talk about pinworms. Okay, great. What's your favorite topic? Would you want to nurse a boy back to health?


Who is suffering from pin worms? Okay. That's where I think I'll draw the line there. That's where it ends. If people don't know about pin worms, they're tiny bugs in your butt hole. They'd be better. They'd be more accurately called shit worms. We were just discussing them in the house a couple days ago. They're in your butt. They're in your poop. They come out your butt into your poop And make it itchy. Yeah. They make it, they make your butt itch a lot and then have to, When you do, there are Oh, insects in the duty. I find it so horrific. And when the kids were little, your kids, they got it a couple times. So we all had to take the Medicine. The preschool. Yeah. I think it's a preschool thing. Yes.


It's like every few months there's a pinworm outbreak. Ugh. All these kids are eating their butts and their fingers and their, oh My god. It's so horrible. But you just drink this like chalky powder basically. And it's kind of done. So we'd done that a few times in the past and I thought those days were over. Oh, you haven't heard this? No, they're back in, in our rotation. Someone in our circle has pinworms. She said, I could say who? She said I could talk about it. Oh, who? But I feel unethical. Oh, Anna. Oh, okay. Where is she?


Ben? Exactly. Preschool for me. It would be like the topo Chico. I know she's infected. I'll still hang with her. Yeah. That's what it is. Yeah. But also, every 10 minutes or so I think about them. Mm. They don't bother me. Like they bother you. I know. I wonder. I don't think I've ever had 'em, even though my family's had 'em enough. Drank that liquid. Yeah. I don't have any memory of a scratchy. Well, like, well, Aaron and I were laughing about it. 'cause when we were talking about pinworms, we were like, if the symptoms scratchy anus, how on earth would either of us think there's something new going on? What if you, and also if that's the, the outcome, like Yeah, that's standard. You're, you have a scratchy An never, Never. What if you Guys, your anus is never itchy.


I, I mean, no. What a gif. What does it mean? Mine is like moist. No, I think clean. I would imagine. Oh, you are itching 'cause it's dirty. No, 'cause I'm cleaning like crazy. In fact, Eric and I just had a sidebar about we don't think people are being honest who have B day toilets. Oh, I don't have one. Right. And we're not saying people are not honest about owning one or not owning one. Oh. But when they own one and they can spray the water on their butt hole, do they not use their finger to clean their butt hole? Oh. Which is a polarizing topic. It is. And Eric and I are like, you clean, you use your finger to clean your butt hole in the shower. I don't, How are you cleaning your butt hole? I'm so nervous about your butt hole. If you're not cleaning in a bidet or you're not cleaning it in the shower, of course I'm cleaning it, but I'm not sticking my finger up my butt.


No, No one's asking you to put your finger in your butt. You're asking whatcha you asking? Asking, cleaning the a, your anus. Oh, the outside. Yes, of course. With Soap. With your fingers. With soap and fingers. But often, I, I know when people go like, no, I use soap as if that's a great thing. Oh great. So now your soap has your asshole on it. And then you're rubbing your soap on your face. Soap is Self-cleaning. And you don't use your butt soap for your Face. It's not, it's not more sanitary. When people think they're saying that as like a virtue that they use their bar of soap. I'm like, great. Then you have shit on your bar of soap. It's No, you don't. Ew. Why doesn't you have so much shit everywhere? The water cleans the shit off for the most. If you wipe with your fingers, you need friction. You gotta, well, If your butt hole like so high up or something, like, I feel like the water's mostly cleaning it.


And then you use the bar. But using just the water that tricks Listen, Rolls past your anus is cleaning it. No, you, you like, you already said it, you used a bar of soap in your fingers. Right. But mainly the bar of soap is the, the main Instrument. Instrument. And then, then once it's clean, then I put it on my fa I use soap on my hands and just do like a little extra On your Yeah. Your hands on your butt hole in the shower. Yeah. Yes. Everyone and everyone should, But I thought you meant up your butt. And the bidet is up your butt, right? No, it's clean the outside of your anus. Oh, okay. Unless you're somehow dilating your butthole and letting it all spray up there.


Which would be the dream. Isn't that kind of a point? That would be the dream. Yeah. And I have some success in that realm. But at any rate, it's really funny. People are like, oh, gross. You use your finger with the bidet and say, I don't get it. You use your finger in the shower and then you wash your hand after. What are we talking about? This is pageantry. I have a question about the today. So are you wiping first with pa with your tissue? You're not so Of course not. Why? Because why would you wanna take dry paper and smear in dry poop and just rub it into your skin and then add water? No, you spray the water. The de briss is freed. Then you go with the finger and really clean then more rinsing than toilet paper for drying.


And there's not, there's nothing. I'm telling you this. Okay. There's nothing on the toilet paper when I wipe my fanny. Yeah, Same There. No. Yes. If you're not using water, are you saying there's not poop on your toilet paper? No. No. Sorry. By the time I'm done With what? Wiping by the time I'm done wiping, there's no poop. Oh my god. Of course. Of course. But with the bidet, if you do the rinse first and a cleanse with your finger, when you wipe, it's spotless. Okay. That's fine. And then you're just looking at like virgin clean toilet paper. Okay. But you are, you are making a DA harness. Like, so you have like poop particles on your butt after you've pooped.


Yeah. And then you're putting water on that poop immediately Spraying it. And then it falls down into the toilet Drips. Yeah. And then it's still gonna be on there a little bit. It's, No, it's not. You get in there and you clean with your finger. So you're getting poop on your hands for sure. Right? No, because I've sprayed the, the bris. Now I'm cleansing with my finger, my anus, and then I'm grabbing tissue and, and drying all off. And then I wash my hands and I'm spotless and I've not wiped my butt 300 times til it's bleeding as I do when I'm not on a bide. Oh My god. Anyways, Okay. Lenny. My butt doesn't itch. Okay.


And yours does Occasionally. And Aaron's more. What if you guys are the ones that have had pinworms this whole time and just itch. You Would like that one? No, I don't, I don't, I draw the line in pinworms. I don't like bugs. No, I'm saying you wouldn't like if we were guilty of spreading That. Oh yeah. Yeah. Well it just makes the most sense. Really. I couldn't even have pinworms. They drown because I'm flushing that area with water. Exactly. And that's not how they work. Apparently. They're, they don't like light. And that's it. And that chalky substance. Well, I wonder if you could put a, a flash line ED light bulb. I know bulb in your butt, but They go up.


So Kristen knows a lot about pinworms and She Yeah. She's spoken in the press a lot about, I applaud her willingness. 'cause she'll talk about her own pinworms a lot Freely. God. Yeah. She was educating Anna about the pinworms. And she said the way to find them is you, you have your kid bend over, spread their butt out, and then the in the dark and then all of a sudden you turn on the light super quickly and then you have to like get it, get it Use, get It. Yeah. Use some sort of thing to get out. She keeps calling it the mother. That sounds like a, the sc or whatever.


I know, I know. It sounds like from apple cider vinegar. 'cause it does have a mother. Yeah. Or a kombucha. Yeah. I don't know about the retrieval and everything. We've, I, I don't know if she's embellishing, but we generally give them the drink and then it's over. No, she uses like some sort of thing to get the mother out according to her. Oh wow. And then, okay, I told you this. That's the mother. Wait, that's Just dude. No, that's from dude, That is a pin worm though. That is disgusting. Anyway, I just really, there's so many gross things. Yeah. In the world. Topo Chico. No, Don't say it's Please don't say it's gross Thin worm.


No, No, no. Don't exclude Topo Chico. All right. Well I want, that's, those were the, my main things. Do you wanna make it cute again and talk about Aaron and Delta and you riding your motorcycles? I mean, just, we had what a time we had. We, we went out on the electric mo motorcycles and we really, really explored. We got into Griffith Park, we got onto some closed roads. Just watching my little one negotiate mountain turns. Yeah. With cliffs on the side with total confidence. Yeah. It was, it's just so fun. We had so much fun. That's great. Yeah. Would you Rather we'd make the best husbands, like if we had a little girl.


Sure. It's a great little team. That's cute. Yeah. Now would you rather have pinworms forever? Okay. And as you said, you don't actually think you've had them or great insurance rates. I either do I, but apparently it's really like Itchy. Yeah. Yeah. And really bad. Are you scoping his ana in her butt every five seconds? Scratch, scratch, scratch. She said it. She thought she had cancer. Oh my god. Wow. Extreme. She, that's why this happened. She, she was looking really upset. Yeah. And then she said, I have to talk to someone about this.


I'm really worried. Yeah. My butt is so itchy. Oh wow. And then Carly said, oh, you have Pinworms. I guess I don't, I don't think I've had it then. 'cause Exactly the way she was saying it, it felt extreme. Yeah. And Carly said, oh, you have pinworms. And she was like, are you, are you sure? Like, I'm worried it's something serious. And she was like, I think I really, I feel like I woke up today and I was like, I definitely have cancer. I need to talk to an adult about this. And then she took the medicine and it's been fine ever since. Okay. Would you rather have pinworms or penis worms? How do penis worms work? I guess let's just say they work the same.


Their worms coming outta my penis. Those aren't real, Are they? Then? Definitely my butt. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good answer. Well, like for or like crabs. Crabs. Yeah. Isn't that, isn't that the same thing? That's a venereal disease. Yeah. That's itchy. But it's your, Isn't it? I've never had it shockingly. Yeah. I'm gonna be honest, it's shocking how little diseases I got. I deserved a lot more. Yeah. I have a very close friend who got them when we were in our twenties and it was, it was it insane. He showed me his mom's pubis. There's just like, it was like a quadrillion mosquito bites. Oh it looked insane. It looked, it looked terrible. And you weren't afraid of get getting clothes and getting Well he'd already shaved his pubic hair and applied the cream and everything.


But it was, it was, it was major. Our Crabs scabies are, no, they're separate. I think they're separate. But scabies is also a thing. And that's got the worst name ever. I have a scabies story, but I don't know. I don't think I'm allowed to share it. It's not me. So I don't think I can. Yeah. But you know someone that had scabies? Yes. And My father's girlfriend had scabies. Maybe he gave 'em to her. I don't know. He's passed. Maybe we should put that on him. Okay. But I know there was a scabies outbreak in my father's bedroom when I lived with him. And I remember being nervous that I knew scabies were in the house. Yes. See it's nerve wracking.


I Scabies were in the house. You could've fucking Who named name them scabies. I know, but it's an oma pia. Like they sound exactly like, I think what they are anyway. Would you rather have scabies slash crabs or pinworms? Pinworm for sure. Okay. Well with no, there's no medicine. The Thing with pinworm is you drink this thing, they all live inside your body and you shit out a bunch of dead pinworms and it's over. Ah, scabies and crabby and dinghies and chump chomps stop. They all I think can live on your sheets and in your carpet. Like So do the pinworms though. They're in your carpet. That's what you have to bleach it all and stuff. Stuff. I don't even have carpet, but Continue. Anyway. Wait, the, the would you rather is there's no medicine.


So these are permanent conditions. Oh, pinworms. Ah, for sure. Scabies. Yeah, I know, I, I know. Say Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I hope we get a scabies medication sponsor. 'cause obviously we are against scabies And pinworms And pinworms. Pinworm medication. Yeah. And I think we're bringing awareness to pinworms, which is good if you have Yeah. Suspiciously itchy anus. Well That's what Anna said. She said I do. People need to be talking about it. They Call it SIA in the medical world. Spreading information awareness. Suspiciously itchy anus. As this patient is, has SIA, The patient is SIA. Yeah, that ha. That's like maybe on season two of the pit.


Do a Whole thing. Alright, well that was disgusting. That was, that was unnecessary. Can you, without saying which ones Yeah. Say the number of STIs you've had for awareness. I think one. Oh, wow. That's not a lot at all. Yeah. Was it aids? You go without saying which one? And then you're like, which one is it? Gonorrhea? Was it? I'll tell you that if I was your age, it wouldn't have been an issue. 'cause there's a vaccine. H-P-V-H-P-V, Human Pap.


Although HPV, scary. I'm not even even sure I got, I had it, it's too messy of a story, but I got a call from a girlfriend. She had it, and then I Wait, I Don't know. Did you, what'd you do? I don't remember. Did you get checked? Yeah. Yeah. I got checked. A ton of people have HPV. It's very Common. Oh, they say like 80% of the sexually active. Yes. Public has it. And then, and then you even went further, which is they started having cases where there was no sexual activity. So like, oh, thi thi this is being spread without sexual activity. Yeah. H pvs, like Comic cold. It's cold. But there's a vaccine. Yes. I You had it right? I had the Vaccine and Kristen had it. Did you have it, Rob? I think so, yeah. Okay. Kristen had it had the vaccine. Really?


Yeah. That's the five year gap. Like that. Yeah. That came out when, you know, yeah. That was the crucial gap. I got the vaccine early. It was really early. Almost in a sense of like, is it too early? Is it tested enough? But I got it. Yeah. I wonder if these people that are anti-vaccine still get the HPV vaccine. Because there's a lot of times where the rubber meets the, we all are contradictions. Let's, I don't think this is unique to vaxxers, but certainly there's ones that they must make exceptions for. Like, yeah, I don't want fucking HBV. I'll get that. But they're like not getting measles. Oh, I guess. 'cause they think, they think it's not an issue. Yeah. It's such a lower percentage, right?


Yeah. Well, I, I think if you can get that vaccine, let's do it y'all. I want everyone, I don't want shingles. I know. I don't want, I don't want, I don't Want anything. I don't either. Another on Maia Shingles. Shingles. Yeah. Okay. Let's do some facts. Let's do some facts.


Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare. There. Today is the worst day of Abby's life. The 17-year-old cradles, her newborn son in her arms. They all saw much. I loved him. They didn't have to take him from me. Between 1945 and the early 1970s, families shipped their pregnant teenage daughters to maternity homes and force them to secretly place their babies for adoption in hidden corners across America. It's still happening. My Parents had me locked up in the godparent home against my will. They worked with them to manipulate me and to steal my son away from me. The godparent home is the brainchild of controversial preacher Jerry Falwell, the father of the modern evangelical Right. And the founder of Liberty University, where powerful men, emboldened by their faith, determine who gets to be a parent and whom must give their child away. Follow liberty lost on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Facts for Curtis. Facts for Curtis. What A life story. Yes. To bring up to speed. Aaron, his father killed his mother and then killed himself. Holy shit. Yeah. That seems very When we were growing up. Yes. Yeah. And he is our age. Okay. There you have it. Yeah. I can't wait to get to that Michelin star in Chicago. This song bitch got three stars, three years in a row or something crazy. Yeah. No. He is like the most, one of the most decorated American chefs. Ooh. And they say bear's a little bit based on Yeah. The bear. Okay.


But he says no, but it seems, he Says no, but I believe them. I don't believe them. I don't neither. I don't believe them. First Fact, we don't believe him. I'm gonna inform you guys a little bit. Okay. Okay. So one of my facts, it is current restaurants with three Michelin stars. Okay. The And 2025 I'm gonna do in the us Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. At Kren, that's in San Francisco. Triggering That. It ca you can't be triggered. I am, we can't use that word, but go ahead, atelier. What was it called? You Can use it for a three Michelin Star restaurant. Okay. Atelier. Kren, San Francisco, known for its contemporary American cuisine and innovative tasting menus.


Now, French laundry, Lovely. Ville, California. Haven't been. I've been, you've been, it is a, it is a, a worthwhile experience. Is it wine country? Yeah, it's in wine country. Yeah. It's so good. And you eat for like three hours and you're, I like, you're so full. But you keep going. Yeah. That's how all most of these restaurants are. It's like tasting menus. You go, you, you don't pick what you're eating. Right. And you're there for hours and hours and hours. Okay. 11 Madison Park, New York City. Hmm. That's a big one. There's like a book on, I think the chef or somebody wrote a book about that restaurant. Masa also in New York.


That's Japanese Larna Den, New York. Very, very Trusted brand. Very trusted brand. Yes. The Inn at Little Washington. That's in Washington, Virginia. Oh, okay. Historic Inn. Ooh. American Cuisine. That sounds like our alley up. Our alley. I like that. Good. Nice porridge. I, I immediately was like, Okay. I don't think you're gonna be getting Porridge. I think they're a really robust and hearty stew. Yeah. Right. And a real nice thick piece of bread. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Hardy. Okay. You guys go and you pour back. What was on the menu? Warm mug of hot cocoa.


Okay. Smith. That's S-M-Y-T-H. Chicago Alinea. Ding Ding ding. Chicago. Ooh. I I'm gonna say Young Sick. That's a Korean restaurant. New York City. Or it might be Jung Sick. Probably Young. Yeah, I think so. And then we have single thread. Healdsburg. California. What's your favorite restaurant, Aaron? Mm. Of all time. That's hard. Like, are we talking real good food? Like, I, I don't know. Is this your favorite? Just My favorite.


Yeah. Favorite Doesn't have to be best food. Yeah. I mean, I think Lafayette Coney Island is my favorite. I mean, Really. That's great. That's a great answer. I was almost gonna guess that for you. Yeah. And that, and that, that might be mine too. I, I Understand. I was a little disappointed. They shut down for a second time recently. They have so many rats. These rats are just, They it's their favorite restaurant too. Yeah. They love that restaurant. Yeah. In the poor restaurant next door, it has to make pleas that the rats aren't there. They're like, you can still come here. And everyone's like, I'm not going anywhere near that. Some of these videos, These, Some of these videos of the rats are kind of insane.


The Rats are like, looks like they're mixing the coney sauce. Like they're in the action. Oh. Like a ouie. And they're not shy. Like the one jumped like on a table. Right. On someone's table. And then they went into the trash can. There's videos of that. They're like coming in and out of the trash. Yeah. They're just, I mean, What are they gonna do? I mean, so they're open now. I I think, By the way, I don't care. I don't either, either. It doesn't face me insane. I mean, I hate the, the why I said I hate it is because they were closed last time. I was like attempting to go in. Yeah. And I was like, fuck.


You know what'd be great is if they just had like a, a liability waiver you sign Yeah. Deal with it was like, I don't, with don't give a fuck that there's rats. And like, stop even trying to kill 'em. Let's just deal with the rats. You just gotta wear like leather boots when you go, You know, it's, it's always ha been going on. It's just the city's getting a, a little too coty toy for, for their own good. Yeah. Now all of a sudden, like you can't have a bunch of rats running all Around You. Oh. Now there's people down here, Right? Yeah. The only thing is the droppings kind of bubonic Look Like Coney sauce. Yeah. Oh well There's that. So you Wouldn't be able to tell. And they do spread a lot of diseases.


They Do. They do. Yeah. They're cute. It'd Be great if you went to grab, because you get a little tray and you've ordered a few. It'd be great if you like went to grab your Coney and the rat had it. You wearing like a tug of war with the rat Or you ate it Like lady in the tramp with the rat. You became great friends with the one of the rats. Oh, alright. Are tipping the rat. Well, that's three Michelin stars for the United States currently. Okay. That's great. So that's not a long List. No. I think, you know, I don't think Mic Michigan at all has a Michelin restaurant. No. Yeah. Maybe they have a one stop, one. Michelin. Not even. Not even. We'll save that for the next batch. Well, I can clean up that infestation. They might get up.


Sure. Now it's good. You're here. Really good. You're here because J two C comes up. Because Curtis is a J two C, No doubt. Yes. July 2nd. He's July 2nd. Yeah. Yeah. Shit, that's coming real soon. He with parents and He had an internal sweetness. That was very J two. This J two C Boy. You're July. Yeah. Yeah. He's gonna be 50 in five seconds. Oh Yeah. Ah, 50. How Do you feel Not kicking a stretch. I'm 50 Years old. Wait, you're gonna be 50 in next month? Yeah. Wait, so you then you are exactly Curtis's age.


You guys were born on the exact same. Oh, He's gonna be 50. Yeah. Oh, how about that? So we're both exactly six months. O younger than dad here. Yeah. Yes. Yes. He could be Curtis's dad too. I, I wanted be. Oh my gosh. I certainly wanted How do you feel? What are you gonna do? Well, I'm, I'm gonna take a little ride down to Nashville, Tennessee and celebrate with my fellow J two C. Nice. Nice. Yeah. That'll be, maybe I'll make you a steak in the woods. Yeah. Well, I, you sure didn't get one from me. That's my fault. I was down in Mexico throwing up violently.


That's rights itself. Love It. Maybe some donuts in the Corvette. Some boat rides. I mean, come on. Yeah. Sounds Lovely. You only turn 51. That's right. If you're lucky, you could turn 150. Once we have those drugs. Well, that's coming soon. My, I'm most excited about the, the dog drugs that are coming. I know. You tell me about Those Probably aren't as into it. What is It? They're gonna keep dogs alive now forever. Really? Yeah. For a long time. That's my Nightmare. That is your nightmare. I literally Was just thinking this morning, like, what's gonna happen when they go away to school and I am trying to be in Nashville and Kristen's in New York City.


Mm. Those dogs are, are probably have those fucking dogs here on forever. And they're still gonna be alive. Do you think they are in nine years? Yeah. Really? Yeah. Whiskey is unfortunately quite young. He is seven. He's like seven. Aging in reverse. He's like, Like seven. That's, that's an old dog. He's gonna go till 18 or 19. Wow. Because he's so tiny and angry. Yeah, He might. He might. So, yeah. So Well, I'll be 150. You'll still have Franken with you. God, I Maybe I won't take the medicine if they're gonna go the distance. Yeah. Wow. Okay. So there's a drug that's gonna keep them alive for how much longer?


Not forever, but it it Close To it like an adult life lifespan. It's Yeah. It sounds like, it sounds like what? That they're gonna have it start seeing it on the market next year. That would be just like Americans to have a a, a pill for our dogs to keep them alive forever. And then we're dying. Yeah, exactly. Like, because I think when you're in the rest of the world and you see, like we had, I don't wanna shame anyone 'cause actually we met her and she was a lovely woman, but we were delivering food two days ago. There's a dog restaurant. We went to a dog restaurant. Yeah. So the dog could get delivery food. It was called the PEs. Oh wait, PE wait, not Peon.


Yeah. Pet Petron. Petron. It's, it's Ron Petron. Yeah. When we got it, we were like, could this possibly it? Well it would have to be a restaurant for pets because no one would eat at a restaurant called Petron. No, not me. And sure enough, it was a huge smorgasborg for this dog. It Was Wow. A humongous bag of, I thought it was ice cream when I went in and grabbed it. 'cause it was like, it was really cold. Yeah. The bag and I go, is this, and there was like a dozen containers. Yeah. I go, is this ice cream for the dog Doggy blizzard? Like, no, it's not ice cream, but it's, it is food. And I was like, ha. Yeah. Weird. Oh my God.


Yeah. But if you're like in a country and you're starving and you hear that dogs in America have food delivery Yeah. Like whatever they're in the mood for Yeah. Is pretty wild. Yeah. But now that our dogs are gonna live longer than us. Oh Yeah. Take That with, take that with a grain of salt of where I get my friends from. Yeah. Your, your feed. That might have been a dream. That's Your algorithm. Different than mine. Okay. Now, because of the birthdays, I wanted to look up most popular birthdays. We do this once in a while. We Do. But I, and I think it's not always the same. So it's always end of August, right? September 9th. September. September 9th is the most common birthday.


Yeah. According to Ai. Makes so much sense When the COAs takes place. Yeah. Yeah. You're Christmas. Yeah. And you're like, we want a family next Christmas. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It does make sense. Don't fu Yeah. We got September 9th, September 19th. September 12th track. September 17th. September 10th. July 7th. Oh, September 20th. September 15th. Basically all of September. Oh my, to your, to your point. I know the most August. I'm shocked that this, Well that's okay. Now it says, what is the most common birth month? Despite the fact that September is so heavily represented in the top 10 most common birthdays.


There are actually more births reported in August. Oh, thank God. All but one August birthday made the list of a hundred most common birthdays. The exception being August 3rd, which lands 116. Oh. If you do the math, the conception time for August babies lines up with the approach of cooler weather in the holidays. Maybe making, cuddling up, extra peeling. Oh, this is from happiest baby.com. Oh, February 29th. My daughter has that. Your daughter has the least common birthday. Of course. Yeah. Not surprisingly, but that's fun. Yeah. Leapers or Leap Lings. That took some special planning to get her.


Yeah. When did you get horny Mom? I, from My end, the last snow storm of May. May. I was, Well that makes sense. Spring weather. Spring fever. Sure. Spring flings. I always get very, I get Roman, I get the most romantic around fall. Yeah. Oh yeah. Fall's cozy. Beginning of school is romantic. It's a new class. New people. New clothes. Clothes. New opportunities. You're feeling kind of good in one of your outfits. Yeah. Least popular birthday's. February 29th. December 25th. January 1st. December 24th. July 4th. January 2nd.


Oh, Thank God. I really felt like mine was the top 10. There you Go. You Mean bottom? Well top 10. Least. Least. Yep. Number one, bottom 10. Number one. None Now. No baked cookies. He told an interesting story that he used to eat no baked cookies. And then in his kitchen he would give a recipe to his staff and see if they could follow directions and make it. And they never could. Oh. But according Dora would've passed. Exactly.


According to this, this is not his recipe. Right. He's probably, you know, I think this was made famous on the oatmeal. What's the most trusted brand in oatmeal? I use bots. Quake Os, Quaker Oats. Quaker Oats. Quaker Oats. Yeah. Try some Cho bakes this year for Christmas time. It's on the box. Be be conservative about your treats. Mostly eat protein and baked potatoes and pray a lot. But in that rare occasion, you deserve a treat. Make it a choc. No. Bake with quick roots. God, I, I can taste those. One bite will do. Pass it around. Two bites will get the devil knocking at your back door. It's too much Sweetss. Too indulgent. Okay. Don't masturbate. Oh my God. Again. Okay. Okay. I'm gonna read the recipe. Two cups, white sugar, a half cup butter, a margarine, a half cup milk. Three tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder. One pinch salt. Three cups, quick cooking oats, a half cup peanut butter, one teaspoon vanilla extract. And then you do have to like do some stuff. You have to bring stuff to a boil. Yeah. It's a mud. And then you, my mom would spread it out on a McDonald's tray that she stole from McDonald's. Oh. And then it would harden in the fridge. Yeah. In the McDonald's tray. Smart. That's very savvy. Instead of getting a baking sheet using the McDonald, steal it from McDonald's. Yeah. You're a single mom. You're allowed to do a lot of things. Yeah. Good for her.


Did you guys have McDonald's trays at home? I think, but It's hard to get out of there. Holding that. I'm Not. If you run, yeah. You got the car running huge purse. Send your kids out to the car to get it running. Put it in drive, pull the e-brake. Wow. And come flying out with three trays. We Used to steal salt and pepper shakers as well. Yeah, that makes more sense to me. That can just go right in a purse. Yeah. Yeah. I used to steal cups a lot. Cups, glasses, like from bars and stuff as you've Always had that Tran it as like a souvenir. Sure. Yeah. There was more about this. Nothing wrong with that. There was a brewery in Athens called Terrapin and it was a thing to like, oh, steal those glass.


We had so many and they were like nice Pine glasses. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Probably put 'em out of business and probably Use plastic. The whole, the whole college. Put them and kept them. Yeah. Put them out and kept them in. Okay. Now we also refer to you, both of you eating the food off of big boys plates, which we've discussed. I was explaining to Curtis the progression of how it starts with, oh, there's a full half of a slim gym there untouched. Sure. Yeah. I'll eat that. Of course. Yeah, Of course. And then by the end, I'm just biting directly into the old bite marks. So Tough. All You just stop caring. So then you know, you guys answered the, then that's the answer to the question.


Spit. Spit is the one that you don't care about. I care about it. Obviously Not. I care about it, but not as much as I cared about having some good food. Well, it was a cost benefit. Dried spit. Yeah. Well, I mean, I'm sorry, but I think that's evidence to the question. Hair spit. What's the other one? Skin. Skin. Nails. All skin. And Then we added nails. We added nails. Yeah. I wanna remove nails because everyone just gets so hung up on the nail. Yeah. Yeah. But I just like it as a model of human nature, which is like, everyone always moves the line.


It's like if you're No affair starts with sex, it starts with like a hug or some handholding and then you That's it. Not according. Not according to my sexy show. Okay. They go straight at, they're just Jumping right in. Or you're drug use, you know, it starts one and you got a rule and then you go just 5% beyond it and you just inch yourself closer until you're eating direct. Like half eaten french fries. Yeah, sure. Licking the plate. Last sip of a diet Coke. It's true though. Ew. That looks Disgusting. Last sip. Yeah. Coffee. Would you rather last sip or Yeah, last sip of a diet Cokes rough.


'cause it's already melted ice. It's backwash. Yeah. Yeah. It's terrible. You didn't drink that. You're Hungry. I didn't need to. I You think you could, you could manage free soda. Thank God you Get sneak come at least. Yeah, You would definitely have AIDS by now. Sure, Sure. Definitely. According to er. That's it for Curtis. Okay. Well I loved him. I thought he was a very sweet human being. He was. He was. And he has really overcome so much. I was very moved by his story. Yeah, me too. Alright, love you, love you, Love you, love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at wondery.com/survey.