
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple. Podcasts Or. you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan. She and I'm joined by Lily Padman. Hi, I'm, we have the great privilege of seeing Wicked early. What a dream. And our guest today, Cynthia Arrivo is so dynamic and so powerful and so infectious and intoxicating and euphoria inducing. Yes. I fell so in love with her in this movie. She's so good. So good in the movie. She's such a cool person. She's also like, she just hosted the CFDA award. That's a huge fashion. Oh thing. She's a very cool. And then she arrived and she over-delivered. You have seen her in Harriet windows.


Bad times at El Royale. The. Color Purple on Broadway. She's won all the awards. And of course, November 22nd, just in time for the Big Turkey Day Wicked, you're gonna wanna run out and see it. It's buy your tickets now. Pre-order. If you didn't pre-order a month ago, you should already be panicked. Yeah. Panic. Please enjoy Cynthia Erivo


We are supported by Audible. Audible's Best of 2024 picks are here. Mm. Audible's curated list in every category is the best way to hear. 2020 four's best in audio entertainment. Like a stunning new full cast production of George Orwell's 1984. This is the one I am most excited to indulge myself with. I'm so excited to listen to James, which is a new title by personable effort that is very, very hot right now. Mm. Well there's so many good ones on the list. We, Love, Audible. This is How you Go to Bed. I Love Audible. I swear by Audible. I can't wait to listen to the Orwell 1984 off this list. I'm also doing fleas by autobiography right now, which I'm obsessed with. I can't get enough Audible in my life every night. Go to Audible dot com slash dax and discover all the years best waiting for you. That's Audible dot com slash dax.


We are supported by Bally. Bally. Breathe has arrived. A new collection from Bally, the leading national bra brand. It's a breathable and stylish collection of bras, underwear, and shapewear with products that feel as good as they look. Monica, you got to try out some of the products from Bally Breathe Collection. What did you think? Great. Very breathable. Very comfortable. You know, these are really important things when you're dealing with undergarments. Yeah. Well of Course. Comfort is everything. Support is everything. I really liked it 'cause it's very high quality materials and you can, you can tell Is it attractive? Is it gorgeous? It is. It's a nice, nice aesthetic. Yeah. Oh. And what I really like is they've got matching sets. You know, I love a set. Sure. of course. You gotta have a set. Oh, It's even when nobody knows you're wearing a set. Mm. It's underneath, you know. You know. And it really brings a little pep tier Stack. You're ready if the opportunity arises. That's right. Visit bally bras.com and use code Dax for 20% off your purchase. That's BALI bras.com with code Dax for 20% off your first order.


How long have you been doing this? We launched in February of 2018. Almost seven years. Yeah. Your many people's favorite. Oh, thank you. We try to do the opposite of clickbait. Even talk to us, which We Love. You just go in and you do your thing and then you get out and there's no context and things blow up. Trying to sort of be the antidote to That. Thank you for doing that. Yeah, Yeah. of course. I mean, for us too. Things get so outta control. Yes, they do. Getting worse by the second I. Don't I. Don't know what the heck is happening. People are seeking out the worst if things, it's very strange. It's a little bit of a, we say like outrage, addiction.


Yeah. And really unhealthy. It Is. We're in a sort of an interesting time where I feel like celebrities, especially newer celebrities, are starting to push back and like question fandom in a really interesting Way. It's like where the boundary is. Like Exactly. Where you get to be a part of my life. And then when I get to have my life for myself. Yeah. That you're a person. It's like reminding people that humanity exists. Yeah. You can be a human being. Exactly. It's sad that we have to remind people, but Good morning. Good morning. Do it do. Oh man.


Oh, we don't really. Oh, you smell so good. God. I smell like sweat. I just went on a hike. Well done. Oh, thank you. Well this is A. Long time coming. I know. Oh my goodness. You're A miniature too. You I'm a miniature. You're in good company. Are you jealous? She has even bigger pants on than you. I know. Her fashion is A new record. I'm Dax by the way. How you doing? Nice to meet you. Welcome. We've already talked about bags. The fashion is outrageous. Do you wanna sit down for two seconds? 'cause I don't have the knowledge base to talk about what I thought was really funny while I was Researching you just for one second.


That's so cool. I try to tell him all The time that he only has some of the info. Okay. Cynthia, I was watching an interview with you and you had mentioned that you were about to do some som heim and Kristen was readying herself for the day. Yeah. And she stomped everything. She was Who is she playing? What's happening? Well, Specifically 'cause it was night Music, which is My favorite. Oh yeah. Yeah. Who did you play? Petra. of course. Do you want to air your grievance? Well, my grievance was, yeah. I was really struggling to figure out who you were going to play. 'cause I was like, you have the moxie for Desiree though. You're not anywhere near near the Type, near the age for it. Right. So your grievance, as I recalled, was you only played the child in that.


Is that the same musical? Yes. So I've done night music twice. I did it at the Kennedy Center. Awesome. During sometime rep a million years ago. And then I did it at the LA Opera House. That's cool. But both times I played Frederika. What? Who's 13? Yeah. Who's 13 years old. The whole time I dream of playing Anne. Yeah. No, Anne's phenomenal Well. that was your chance. Go, Go, go, go. What you sing off now as the sweet and il stumbles with lavishly onto her lap? Yes. Oh, but here's the thing, Dax for me pretty bluntly this morning. Yes. I can't pull off Ann either. He said, you're way more of a Desiree. I said, what do you, Hold on. Come on. First of all, I didn't say that 'cause I don't know the names of the character, but what I did contact.


But what did say that you are closer in age. This is bad news. I'm gonna tell you, you're closer in age to 63 than you are 24. True. I said, now look, you could put on a ton of makeup and play 24. They could do some prosthetics and age you down, or you could go out on stage with no makeup and you'd be playing 64. Can you believe I'm offended for you? It's ludicrous. That's why I say it. 'cause obviously she's a beauty. She looks, it Is like you aged backwards is very strange. Yeah. Yeah, it is A. Good joke. Because it's absolutely the most untrue thing in the world. I think you could still play Anne. I couldn't pull off Anne at all. Pet was perfect.


Wait, What's Petra solo's? The Miller son. Oh, I don. Oh yeah. Yeah. You've already done it or you're about to do it? I did it at Lincoln Center. Oh, it was a one-off was One off. I'm curious. Well, four nights. Did you want for more or were you happy? It was only four nights. I was happy. It was only four night because it was manic. I was doing 59 other things at the same time. On one day I opened something in the morning, did something in the afternoon, which was like a full 20 minute set show for Pride Weekend and ran from the Pride Weekend Show to Lincoln Stand. That was the Stonewall. That's right. To do night music. And That's a dangerous song if your head is not straight. It is such a wordy song. There was actually a night where I had to stop because it's also dangerous if you are not moving at the right speed.


If it slows down too much, your brain switches on. It's one of those songs that you need your brain to be on autopilot so you can actually just reel the words off and if it slows down and it felt Like It was slowing to a grinding halt. It's like that weird sort of, oh my God, I'm in the room. What are the words again? What I'm saying? That song. And I just was like, okay, we have to stop. I am a big, big advocate for if it's going wrong, stop. Wow, interesting. 'cause I was just gonna ask, do you have a mode where you'll just, you know the melody still? Yeah. And you'll just kinda make up some words until we find our way back. No, I'll stop. We're not gonna do a car crash. I can't. Oh, that's nice. I'm gonna say, you know what, I'm gonna pull over to the side of the road. That's great. We're gonna just start again.


Let's get back into the right space and I'm gonna take you exactly where you're supposed to go in the right fashion. We're not focused here. Let's regroup that. Yeah. We swerving too much here. It's not good. Yeah, we're All over the road. Yeah. That's not what, at least I was taught in musical theater. It's like keep it going. I know. And it's the wrong thing to be taught. Sometimes. You keep going. Sometimes if you can and you can get back into it quickly. Keep going. But if you need to stop and refocus, stop and refocus. Because the audience will say, oh, you know it too. You were experiencing it too. Okay. So I wasn't insane. That means you're taking care of me. Oh, I can trust you. Love that. What you're saying is I'm not gonna gaslight you audience. Yes. This is all fucked up. Yes. I'm not gonna lie.


Just ain It. And this is not what I wanna do. This is not what you wanna listen to. We're gonna go back to the beginning. It also says that I'm in control of this and I've got you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I won't take you down this road where it doesn't make sense. What if you win so far as a scene? I want everyone to reenter out in the lobby mill about, we're gonna ring the be bell back too far, then come In maybe too far. Okay. Just to be provocative for one second. Go on One second. Did You for two hours, did you see American symphony? The John Batiste documenter? Yes. Yes I did. What a beautiful doc. Right? Beautiful. But If you remember, he is at Carnegie Hall and all the power goes out. Yes. And he's fucked. Yeah. I can't imagine anything more stressful. And then talk about 27 things going on in his life.


He's got the Grammys, his wife, and then he starts letting his internal emotions come out on this piano keyboard. And he's processing this frustration and this everything. And then slowly it starts fusing with this melody. Yes. And then it becomes beautiful and then magically the power comes back on. There is also some room for the chaos if embrace to become something unique and interesting. However, What he didn't do was continue on with what was already pre-planned. What he did was start something totally new. You've won that checkmate. You see what I'm saying? Great counter. Which means that he was completely in control of the situation. He said what?


We were planning out the window. There's no power. I can't do this. And then just let me filter whatever I can filter through in the present moment. Well, listen, I just wanted to bring Kristen in because the whole house was a flutter today. Now Kristen's in. She believes this ruse mysteriously our 11-year-old had an emotional fit this morning that precluded her from going to school on time because she knew somebody was coming to the house at 11. Okay. Is she here? No. We had to send her, I fell for it. Hook line and sink her. I was like, oh, she's having a swing. Okay, we're gonna let her regulate. I'm gonna stand back. I'm gonna let her get it all out. She's crying the whole nine yards. We finally calmed down on the ride to school. She goes, is Cynthia the 11:00 AM or the 2:00 PM?


That's what she said. Yeah. I had a feeling you guys were gonna keep them home from school today. I used my optimistic outlook. I said, this will not be the last time. It won't. We're gonna double date. There's gonna be some other time where you will be able to be in her presence. Yes. And say what she means to you. 'cause you mean quite a bit to her. But hun, if Brad Pitt was coming over to clean the pool at 11:00 AM and I mysteriously couldn't make my appointment at 10, you would go immediately. This is horseshit. He just wants to watch Brad Pitt clean our pool. That's true. But I immediately take on their emotions. G started to get dysregulated and then I started to get dysregulated and I was like chugging coffee to wake up, be like, how do we calm everybody down this morning? Then I called your sister to take the other one in Thing and I was evil oz upstairs journaling.


Yep. And I was listening to all the machinations and I was like, this is horse shit, but it's gonna work. And this is, I didn't even realize until really this moment what was pulled over. I love. Oh my God. Well listen, some people be disappointed, but that's something to be quite proud of. Our child. Well done. Did Snow us Well that she gave it a shot for something she loves. She did. That Is sweet. And also I feel really cool. Good. You are really cool. I feel really cool that your 11-year-old was like, yeah, And you're bringing something for everybody. Because then you showed up in this outfit and now Monica's all on the rope. Stimulates fucked up. She You're more than an outfit to me though. You'll do that. Thank You. You got us all fucked up. This place is A. Titter. I'm gonna come back. I think we should call it. That was a great episode. We can go only down from here.


So what do you think about this really bad sample set I have, but 30-year-old London. What do we share? Endlessly interested in whatever weird cultural differences we have because it's misleadingly similar as In between here and America. Yeah. Yeah. Right. You're like, oh yeah, English shows, blah, blah blah. But then there's really interesting differences. It's weird because when I first moved here, I moved to New York and that felt the most similar to London specifically. But the thing that America and the UK as a whole have very similarly is that there are cities, places that it feels really multicultural and it's really like busy. And then you move further out and it becomes really disparate. I'm not having the same experience in London that someone is having in I.


Don't know Yorkshire Yorkshire's a beautiful, beautiful place. The vibe is very different and it just feels different. So it's the same as if I'm here in LA or I'm here in New York. It's very different than if I'm in Georgia, London and New York have more in common than London and Essex. Correct. Than New York and Georgia. Yes. I get that The foods are different. We just have different foods. Yeah. 'cause we have to. Why do you have to? Well, there are certain things that we're just not allowed to have in our food that you are okay to have in food here. Oh, like chemical. Like poisons. Like chemical. Yeah. Yeah. Not allowed to have certain things. Yeah. But look how big and strong we are. Look at the U ffc. Well I don't think we have, do we have the UFC do Conor McGregor? Yeah. I'm scared of him. I'm Scared of him look a bit.


But I do think like wants to be scared of him. Yeah, Because he's scared. I feel like there's a part of him that's just like the most gentle, sweetest thing in the world. Well this might interest you. We interviewed him last year. Yeah. And my main curiosity was like what event happens before you dedicate your life to martial arts? Right. And so I had asked him and he said, no, I walked into this gym at 12 years old. I'm like, yeah, but why do you walk into a boxing gym? What happened immediately before? And he's like, okay, well actually I liked this girl. She was older than me. She liked me. I was walking on the street with her. Then the older boys, one of whom was her boyfriend, pulled up in a car. Three older guys got out and beat the shit out of him. And then he goes, I didn't really fight back. And I'm like, now that makes sense. When you're trying to heal that embarrassment in front of a girl you like where you didn't defend yourself, that's a motivation to continue on a life trajectory.


And so yeah, I think that little boy is underneath all of that's under. But Boy, still trying to defend himself. But it's Really gone off the rails a little bit. I think so. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. It's just like gone one step too far. But oh, I hope he finds a little bit of healing. Yeah. He has little kids. I think that can be a route into it. But I Think there's something that has to be healed within himself first. It's also easily passed on to his kids. Yes. And that anger, that dismay, it's easily rubbed off. Well, I say this all the time, I'm glad we have girls and not boys because yeah, I think the impulse when that was your life is ago. Like, well, if I don't pass this on to him, it'll happen to Him. He'll suffer The way I did. And you're just starting it all up again. Yeah. Because you don't have any faith in the future.


I get it. Do You have kids? I don't. No. Do you want them? I don't think so. I'm good with kids though. I'm also on the fence. You guys are the exact same age. Yeah. 37. And you and I are only six days apart in January. No way. Do You believe in all the astrology stuff or No? I think There's a part of me that does believe in it because I'm very Capricorn to a T, which disturbs me somewhat because same. It annoys me. That's what Capricorns Do. I think it's aor annoyed By the fact that it's accurate. I'm Annoyed the Predictability. I hate it. I'm like, okay, so I'm stubborn. Good overachieving. Yes. Understood. Do I like nice things? Yes. I like nice things. Ah-Huh? Am I in charge? All the time. All the time. Do I plan people's lives?


Yes. Am I emotionally adept? Sometimes? Yes. Do I keep my feelings to myself for a really long time? Yes. Yeah. Am I working through it? Yes. Am I insufferable? You bet your ass. I Am completely. Am I right? A lot of the times, yes. Does it annoy people? Yes. Do I like saying I told you so Not always. Okay, great. I love you. Thanks for stopping by. You Don't have to sneak out. You can come back if you want to. She has a whole schedule. Oh enjoy. Thank you. Bye buddy. Bye bye. Bye guys. Love you. Bye. Ah. Did you get on with Mikayla Cole? Yes. I've known her since I was 16. I love her so much. Yes. I read her book. She's one of the most phenomenal human beings in the world. Oh, For people who Dunno. Mikayla, what was her incredible show. That was the best show of the year on HBOI May destroy You.


I may destroy you. Yeah. If you've not seen, I may destroy you. You Have to see it. Also, before you see I may destroy you see Chewing Gum, which I'm in. Oh yes. Her like an episode or two. But it's just brilliant. Oh, I'm so excited. And people don't realize that is originally based on a long form poem that she wrote. I remember the first time I saw this poem 'cause she performed it live. I can't even remember, remember where we were? But it was like somewhere in Holloway or something like this small little theater. And it was like a one woman poem where she played all these different roles and then it just expanded into this TV show. Yeah. She's like a Wonder Kin. Yeah. There's no one like her. Where did you meet? East London. I wanna say we met at one of the theaters or something. You were just both into The same, yeah.


Are you comparable ages? I think she's maybe a year or so younger than me. Younger, yeah. What a bitch. Yeah. Ugh. But I love her. She'd written some songs or poems with songs and asked me to sing or I. think I was when I was dancing. She asked me to dance to one of her songs that she was performing at a church or something random. And we just stayed in contact and we've been friends since then. Give us a simple explanation of London. So you grew up in South London. You said you met in East London? Yeah. So I was born southwest London, a place called Stockwell. I went to school in South London. Happened south, but I moved to East London when I was about 14 at Optum Park, Eastham, that kind of area.


But properly East London. Your whole family did or just you went to a school or something? We All moved to East London. Your sister or your mother and you? Yes. My mom bought a house in East London and that's when we moved. That was a really big moment for us. 'cause it was like, oh, we have our own house. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. What's the vibe in South London? Like what are the stereotypes about these pockets of London? I thought that South London was pretty chill. I really enjoyed it. I remember there's open spaces. Those are like cool little parks that you can go to. It's very walkable. You can walk all around South London and mostly downhill And just never come home to avoid walking uphill. The bus is your best friend at that point. Bus You know what I mean. It's lovely. Going, coming back is A damn nightmare.


Or you take a tube, there's loads of cool outdoors activities. Where I lived you could go go-karting, you could stuff like that. Go-karting. And East London is really vibrant. It's busy and alive and loads of different cultures. Is it like the East Village in New York? No. I don't know if there's anywhere. Like. It. You have the African community and different African communities. You've got Ghanaians, the Nigerians, you have the Pakistanis, you have Bangladesh, you have the Jamaicans there as well. There's like a smorgasbord of different types of people, which means that there's different types of food everywhere. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And like it's super vibey. I can go to the corner of Eastham right after the tube station and I know that I'm gonna walk into the store that has all of the saris and all of the 24 karat goals.


But then if I cross the road, there's the shop that has the Jamaican patties. And if I walk far enough, there's the auntie that does the Nigerian materials. It's like that. Wow. And then there's the market which has everything. This Is where Kirby's mom's shop was I. think I love it in Eastham because of how easy it is to just get everything. But then next door, Larry, who's like the plumber who fixes your roof and your backyard if he needs it. Yeah. Who's very, very Essex, who sounds like this and wants to talk to you about what the weather's been like is also there. Right. So you have all of these people who sort of exist in the same way. And then Westham stadiums over there. Yeah. For what you call soccer, we call football.


Yeah. Right. Which goes off. It goes off. Yeah. Especially in the, well you were born in 87. Maybe that had passed, but there was the whole hood La Merrow it felt like early nineties, maybe Early nineties when I was still very, very young. I think it was Arsenal, that terrible awful thing that happened at the games where people were like there was a stabbing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It was terrible. Yeah. And they were all wearing Burberry. I just learned this recently. That was their thing. Yeah. Something happened because Burberry was not that. Then it became part of that culture. Yeah. I think it's been in a way reclaimed and changed again. Well, Beckham has saved it Kind of. Beckham saved it. Yeah. Yeah. Style. We're Gonna give him props for that. Beckham did. That's what got me to buy Burberry sweater. Oh. And Monica got me a beautiful one for Christmas.


I Did. Yeah. It's changed hands enough that the style has changed enough for it to become, for the aperture and it to become a wider. Right. Okay. So what age was mom when she moved here? Mom and dad both are from Nigeria. Yes. Mom was 15 during the Civil War. Yes, I believe so. Yeah. From war. And then my mom moved to London when she was 24. Had she already been a nurse in Nigeria? She did All of that when she got here. She Came at 24. With who? Herself and her younger sister. When she landed, what was the game plan? I. Don't know if she had a game plan. Sure. Just arrive. She arrive, what do I do? Yeah. And then she was told that she was to do catering to which she said yes for a second.


And then was like I. Don't know if catering's with me. Yeah. Yeah. And then studied nursing at Kings College. Became a nurse. Then expanded and kept expanding and then got better and better. And then started doing her papers for what we call health visiting as a position in the uk. I always explained it 'cause I think it's a really beautiful position that everyone should have called a health visitor. And it is A nurse or a nurse who's at the level of what you call a sister at this point who can make visits to people's homes who have just had children. She will take care of mother and child, make sure the vitals are good. Her particular area of expertise was cognitive health.


So it's, are your children developing in the right way? Are they able to pick things up? Can they spot color from birth to the age of three before they go to kindergarten? Wow. Oh my God. What a preventative step. That probably saves a a trillion dollars. Very much so. That's different though than a postpartum doula. What is, do you know what a postpartum doula is? No, but it's weird because I think those are part of her duties to take care of mother right after birth when mother comes home with a baby. When parents come home with a baby that first couple of weeks, months. My mom is the person that you see. That's so amazing. Right? Yeah. Weighs the baby the whole lot. Probably knows about breastfeeding and all that stuff. Breast Stuff. Breastfeeding the whole lot. Yeah. I don't know why We don't have more of that.


'cause that's the whole thing. You take a baby home and you're like I, don't know what To do with it. Then my mom, that's where my mom steps in. Yeah. So she will tell you what's next. Yeah. That would be of great comfort. Every parent has the moment in the car ride home from the hospital and you're like, holy shit. What's in our backseat seat? Why give to me? What is that? This Thing's way too fucking fragile. There's no instructions to come to our house. Where are the instructions things To be in the ICU? Look what tiny it is. I don Dunno why you don't have this position here. 'cause it's so helpful. 'cause that bit between birth and kindergarten, it seems like there's nothing in between. Yeah. Yeah. Which is so odd to me because my mom is the person in between. That means that a parent who has postpartum depression, someone who might have been already depressed, someone who is finding it hard to latch all of that.


That's my mom. Oh yeah. And if you fuck up the nutritional aspect of the first three years, like we now know there's so much Yes. Developmental stuff down river. Yeah. Yeah. That doesn't happen. If Correct certain things aren't met, That would be her. And she's very good at it. She's like the child whisperer. It's very strange. I Would imagine just to compare and contrast that to someone who is in hospice care, right? Where your full-time job is watching people die. The weight of that's gotta be something else. Oh yeah. She has almost the opposite. She's seen all the excitement and the fun and the hopefulness and the future every day. Do you think it has infected her in a positive way? I think so. She loves children and children love her. It's really magical to watch. Yeah. They all just sort of go to her.


Is she supremely disappointed? You're not gonna give her a grandchild? I asked That. She might be. And I don know if she knows yet. I think I have to break it to her. But the thing is, I want to satisfy that need in a very different way. Because I do want to be the person that's able to put people through school, take care of young people who need care. I do think that's a gift that's come from her. Yeah. 'cause I do think I am actually very good with kids and good with young people. I want to still be nurturing without necessarily being the biological parent. Yes. And still being able to have a date night. Yes. Whenever you desire. Correct. Yes. To take a vacation. That sounds fun. Yeah. Do you know what I love? I love what Oprah's been able to do where she essentially has been taking care of these young women, building them up enough for them to move into whatever careers they want to move into.


And they're all excellent women. I think I aspire to be able to do that. Yes. At some point. When do you start singing? I start singing at the age of five without realizing that that's actually what I'm doing. I know I'm making, making sound coming. I feel very good about the sound I'm making good. I like the reaction that people are having because it So other people are reacting positively. Yes. So I know that something is good. I don't necessarily know that it's the most tuneful sound. I just know that I'm having a great time doing it. And I'm seeing people's faces, smiles, applause is happening. Good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Approval. And there's nothing like being little and going like, wait, I have control. And I feel so disenfranchised and powerless as this little person.


But this is A moment in time. This is A thing that I'm in charge. Right. Ooh, It's Good. It's very good. I think for a little bit, I was just chasing that 'cause it was nice. Yes. Pausing for anyone Then you're not aware of it then. But when I look back, I also think it's very rare in your life where you can be in control. And I think singing certainly has that. It just happened to me. We saw Wicked. I'm like, okay, I didn't see the musical. I don't love musicals. And then fucking li list. I'm like, oh fucking, come on, let's go. Let it rip. And I'm in. You took complete control of me and whatever baggage I come in with, that's so powerful. But The thing is, I don't think I've ever thought of it as control necessarily.


I think I've always thought of it as a way to encourage and connect people with emotion. Well that's The positive way. But I think you're in Capricorn denial. Maybe. Maybe I am. And By the way, it can be all things. Yeah. It's not singular. It's not binary. It's not like, oh, you Like It 'cause of the control. Or you Like It. 'cause you make people you love happy. That's part of it. Yeah. I think I love the conversation of singing. I always think there's a real big conversation going on. Especially when I'm singing live. It's a big old conversation. I can see it. 'cause I'm looking at people's eyes. I am urging them to connect with me. Right. I'm trying to tell you this story. I can scream, I can yell, I can whisper, I can caress with my voice. I can do all of those things.


But I want the energy exchange. And I guess selfishly, that energy exchange is like a high for me it's a rush. And when I can see that it's happening, there's nothing better than that. It is A really vulnerable place to stand and be like, I'm gonna open up myself and I'm gonna tell you my stories with my voice. It's just me. And that's always a really vulnerable place to be. People don't realize that when you have to sing in front of an orchestra, they either love you or hate you. The orchestra. The orchestra. Why would they hate you? Because some singers will come in and there's an entitled thing that people come to an orchestra with where it's like, I'm the singer. You play behind me. Ah, You're serving me. You're Supporting me. Exactly. I'm the star. When Actually it's the complete opposite. It's not that at all.


You are all in it together. The music doesn't make sense without them. And they don't make sense without you. They can play the song, but the lyrics communicate as well. But they help with the emotion. If you don't do it together, it will feel disjointed. I always get really nervous before I have the conversation, but I always urge myself to do it. Before we even start rehearsal, the first thing I ask the orchestra to do is to let me come with you and let's do this together because I'm not gonna do this alone. And if you are sat there not enjoying this, everyone's gonna feel it. Right? Because there's 20 of them and only one of me. And if 20 of them aren't enjoying it, and if they can't go with it, their audience will feel that immediately.


And we're off in the wrong direction. Now I know nothing about this, just from the outside, is their knee jerk fear that we're playing math, right? We have the sheet music in front of us and it goes this way to this temple. Yeah. But the singer has more latitude and the singer can individualize it. Yeah. The saxophonist can't individualize it, nor can the oboist. So is it that sometimes they're like, all right, this person's gonna come in and they're gonna do whatever the fuck they want. And we're stuck in this grid. Now we're gonna try to catch them, but then we're gonna fall back. Is it that that is that their fear that they're gonna be doing something that is different from what you're doing? Yes. And I think the actual fear is that the singer who comes in who does have the latitude, isn't respectful of the fact that they have maths to do as well. They have a box to stay in.


You can have your latitude, but if you are aware of, I need to make sure I make it back to here. You gotta stick your landing every time. And if you don't, I just got a point that means you really, you point right at my face. If you don't and you're just all over the place and you're not paying attention, you're not looking at the conductor, you're not listening. You're in your own selfish world. Exactly. Yeah. Now we're not doing this together. Now you are just doing it over the hell you wanna do. And I'm over here playing these notes. Well, We should just leave and let you. Why are we even here? You are doing this on your own. You don't need us. And what percentage, if you just had to guess, how many do you think are respectful? I think very few. A lot of singers just get excited that they get to sing in front of an orchestra. And They're nervous. And they're nervous. They haven't really done it before. Sometimes an orchestra is A novelty to a lot of singers. And In their defense, if it doesn't work out, no one's going.


Like the oboe is sucked. Tonight they're gonna say the singer sucked. Yeah. You are carrying the weight of the whole performance. Yes. But the weight becomes a hell of a lot lighter when you know it's not just you. Right. When you say you wanted to connect, that's your main goal when you're up there. Did you feel like when you were younger, you had a hard time connecting outside of that realm? Was it an escape? I mean, it doesn't seem Like, It. 'cause you're easy to talk to, but I don't know if you were introverted or shy and that was your outlet. I wasn't shy. I was very bossy Baby boss. Yeah, that So was Monica. Yeah. Oh yeah. I was very bossy. I knew exactly what I needed to do and what I wanted. And if I didn't like something, I was the worst version of a Capricorn that could exist.


Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Sonos. Sonos is the world's leading sound experience company. They invented the smart sound system that makes it easy to play anything in any room. Which We Love. Sonos was the star of our Halloween party. It was, I had it playing outside by the guest house. I had it playing in the garden. I had it playing in the kitchen. Kept the party rocking no matter where you moved. It makes a big difference. Yeah. The sound is so good you, you really gotta take your favorite holiday movies and holiday songs to the next level and experience them with Sonos and with holiday gift season upon us, Sonos products are a perfect solution for that hard to buy for person on your gift list. They've Got amazing ace headphones. And since you know we are podcasters, if you know any arm cherries in your life Really smart, It's a great gift for them so that they can really get us in their ears properly. Whether you gift a sleek soundbar, a sturdy portable speaker, or our favorite headphones, your lucky gift recipient is sure to be impressed. Sonos has great gifts for everyone on your list. Visit sonos.com/dax to save 20% on select products. That's sonos.com/dax.


Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


We are supported by Expedia. Having an adventure on the books gives you somewhere to look forward to The excitement, the anticipation, Just living in the fantasy of it. And that's why Expedia hotels.com and VRBO have launched Unpacked 2025, an annual report on the trends in travel for the upcoming year. It's a great way to figure out where you want to go on your next adventure. We checked out the unpacked 25 site and it's really, really cool. They have a section called Detour Destinations that highlights lesser known cities near major travel spots. So let's say you're thinking of traveling to Cancun. Why not venture off the beaten path for a couple days to check out Expedia Detour Destination Cozumel. Now Cozumel, Mexico is fantastic. I've been That's a great detour. Hey, maybe you could even make Cozumel your vacation's main destination because there's nothing better than traveling. But having a trip to look forward to is A Close. Second book your somewhere to look forward to at Expedia dot com slash unpack. 25.


We are supported by ZipRecruiter. Oh, get recruiter down. Now I've worked in a variety of offices, improv stages, film sets, this lovely recording studio. While there are many different types of offices out there, one thing's for certain choosing the right candidate for any office is A huge responsibility. Well, if you're hiring and wanna find the best candidates for your office, you need ZipRecruiter. And right now you can try ZipRecruiter for free at ziprecruiter.com/dax. It's an incredible hiring platform that makes finding top talent for your job quick and easy through their powerful matching technology. So you're not spending extra time or money in your search for a great hire. You can even invite top candidates for your job to apply to your posting to encourage them to apply sooner. Remember, if you wanna find the right candidates for your office, you need ZipRecruiter. See why four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Just go to this exclusive web address right now to try ZipRecruiter for free. ziprecruiter.com/dax. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/dax. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire


You have some Virgo in you too. I'm feeling feeling, yeah. I would just say what I thought. Sometimes you I would've That dangerous. That would not be nice. It would not be nice. Yeah. I wasn't a mean kid. I just was really honest all the time. Yeah. Can I defend us for a second? Yes. So it's an easy mix up. What I value the most is the truth please. And I prefer an inconvenient truth than I do a flowery lie. Just Don't do it to me. But I have to acknowledge for other people that's not the case. Yeah. They're not interested in that. And that's also fair. Yeah. 'cause it depends on where you're coming from. You have that, Dax has that hangup, I guess I'll call it. Call it a hang up a session or whatever.


Character Defect. No, it's not a defect. But because you were told things that weren't true, I felt like there's A lot of figure out. Figure out. Yeah. You had to figure out what was true and what wasn't true. And so you seek the truth. So it comes from somewhere that need just, yeah, we're Blaming January, but maybe there's more. Yeah, I think it might be a little more than January. Yeah. Because we're all doing that. The best way to survive. Yeah. In the world. And to why truth for you. I think it comes from my own past and my history with my dad and all of those things. Maybe feeling a little lied to in that expectation of a parent and not getting it. Do you have this chip on your shoulder? Do you remember being young and them telling you some kids safe thing that you saw right through and it felt so disrespectful.


Like I know what's going on and you're trying to fool me. Did you have that sense of like, you're treating me too young? Yeah, I know what's going on. Sometimes. I was a clever kid, so I didn't necessarily need much babying. So when a person did baby me, and it still pisses me off now. Oh, How sweet of you. I can't stand. Yeah. Yeah. It's rough. Please don't call me cute. I haven't been cute in a long time. Well, it depends on what your association with the word cute is. A, small squirrel. Cute. My dogs who are five pounds and eight pounds. Cute. Vulnerable. Too Vulnerable. You know some babies. Cute. Yes. Do you think that's a small person, complex thing? I think it's a small person, complex thing to other people.


I know I'm short. Yes. I'm very aware of being a small five foot one person. But it's when people think because you are small, you are also very young and dumb. The two things don't go together just because I'm small. Yeah. You know what I mean. I'm good. I Have that too. I'm like, don't underestimate please this. But then I think sometimes I'm too critical or harsh or Right. You need to respect me. Yeah. Do you ever feel like you've Explained, I try not to swing when someone's like, you look so much bigger on stage. I understand what that means. I think if you'd told me that 10 years ago, I would've been like, what do you mean? But now I understand what you mean by someone's presence when they're in performance mode as opposed to when you meet them, they're two different things.


So the look of someone changes when they're in their sort of element. Yes. Oh yes. They do seem bigger. You can't help it. And that's what happens. So I totally understand what that means. This is all very comedic though, because that's your bag. That's what you were handed and that's what you're dealing with. So mine is universally, when I meet someone in real life, they go, oh my God, you're so much bigger in real life. So weirdly, I'm so much bigger, bigger, bigger in real life than they see me on screen. So if I wanted, wow. If I'm in the mood, I could go like, Hmm, I'm not powerful on screen or I'm not. Right. Right, right. I could let that be a whole thing. If you choose, you could really take it personal. Yeah. Or something's going on. And what's really complicates it all, not for me as much because I am given the best benefit of the doubt that a human on planet earth could be given.


I'm a tall white dude, but if I am short and black in British, how am I to know what's actually at play here? Is it just normal humanness or is it some kind of bigotry? What's happening? It's hard to know. The thing is, it's very hard to know. And at any point it could be either one of those things. Yes. Or all of it. Yeah. 'cause sometimes it is. You're so sweet. Oh my goodness, I didn't expect you to be, You're so sweet. Or you're so articulate or you're so smart. I'm sure you Yeah. I mean these are very dark whistle. You're so well spoken. Oh my God. I love the way you speak. How else am I supposed to speak? But what's tricky You're expecting, Here's what's tricky. There's the historical context of that comment. Basically what I'm saying is I was expecting you to sound dumb, yet you do speak very appealingly.


Yes. Objectively. Again, I'll mute. How are you to know what the hell's going on? I like to think I'm somewhat discerning and you can tell by the way someone says something and the intention behind it. I think you can always sense it through the way a person approaches you and what they're trying to say and the context through which they say it. I also just try to give everyone the benefit of the doubt. If I was to run around going what you trying to say the whole time, I would be exhausted. And some of this is exhausting as it is. It's a pick your battle. Well this is not the fight I want to even get into. And sometimes it's just a, yeah, thank you so much. Right. I think the real move is to just file all of it into That's their stuff.


Yeah. Not mine. And then she's not my stuff. So my little thing is, I'd say at least half the people that come up to me in public, they have come up to me to say, Hey, I love your wife. And I go, oh yeah, me too. I don't really know what else to say. You just flagged me down to like, I guess carry that message onto her. But the truth is, many of those people, they don't know what to say. And people are coming up to Kristen and saying, I love your husband. Now she's objectively more famous than me. So I could let that lower my self-esteem. Or I could go like, oh yeah, people say it to her too. None of it means anything. They're Panicked. Well, they actually wanna say is, I think you're great and I watch your shows and I know what about you. And they know what about you. And they wanna have a whole conversation and nothing comes out.


Yes. Right. But I love your wife. Yeah, Exactly. Now it's all fine. And at some point you just have to make a decision for yourself. It's like, well, this could continue to rattle me or I could enjoy my life. Yeah. But if you're a justice warrior, like I am not in the popular sense, but if there's an injustice I'm running towards, I'm telling you, this is Capricorn shit. It's right. I won't stand for it. It really is. 'cause I have the same Thing. But you suffer from it. I suffer from it. Yeah. The person doesn't suffer from it. No. They go home afterwards. They're like, okay, that was good. That was a great interaction. Great. And what they probably wanna really say, and they're not even sure how to say it, is, I'm short circuiting. You're a person that's on my tv. That's now in three dimension.


It's a complete collapse of reality for them. Yeah. I think a more generous take is that they're actually saying, I've invested part of my life in your life. I know about you. I know you have a wife and I really like her too. And I find you interesting enough that I've given you my time. Yeah. That's really what they're trying to say. But then that's what comes out. But I do wanna say that I am grateful that you, Dax just said you recognize that as a tall, white, straight man you, I added that You don't know all my stuff. That you can't really imagine what it's like to be in that other position. Because I have heard people say like, they're just being nice. And I'm like, you haven't had 37 years of practice to know when someone's being nice.


Someone When someone's being, Someone's not. Yeah. I think it's just great to acknowledge. Maybe it's not, you can't know. I Wonder if there's a world in which you just like ask the question. Yeah. Are you a racist asshole? Yeah. Are you being condescending or are you watch them short circuit? I swear I Don't think I was ever gonna admit this out loud. I only told a single person I knew Monica would be mad at me. I told Eric, 'cause he's our shittiest friend. And I knew he would me agree with this. Now we're telling the world. Now I'm gonna tell the World. That's fine. Okay. I was not proud of this, but this did happen. I'm at this burger joint down the street for the win. I love it. I'm there by myself. I'm eating a hamburger. There's a man and his wife and two kind of late teens kids. And the man leans over and he goes, I love your wife's commercials.


It's cool. They let you be in them. That's so rude. And I'm Like It so Rude. I take like four or five seconds and I'm like, this guy doesn't know what he just said. Maybe a minute goes by and I go, Hey, did you mean to sound like a dick when you said that to me? Or did you just mess up your delivery? Wow. Right. And he goes, what? And I go, well you said that my wife lets me be in her commercials that I wrote. And I just don't know. Do you realize how that sounded? Or did you just get nervous? And then he kind of panicked and he goes, ha yeah. We just love all the work you guys do with mental health. And I was Like, oh, Oh my God. What to do?


Oh my God. No. Oh no. Oh no. And then y'all, we continue to sit there for another 15 minutes and finish our hamburgers In silence. You were with this person. I was by myself sitting directly next to the guy. It wasn't even a foot from me. You'd think he would move, But there is something in the asking that made him have to think about it. Yeah. What he said Was rude. Yes. I've left onto par. I considered for a moment he might be trying to make a joke. He might know that's obviously an insult. And he's just being familiar with me 'cause he knows me. And maybe a buddy of mine would say that from Detroit. Yeah. And I think I said, were you meaning to be a dick or were you trying to be funny? Yes. Oh. To which he didn't answer. He said, I like the work you guys do with mental health.


I will say that that is A really simple question to ask. It's and it's actually the simple answer, yes or no, it's a yes or no answer. And I don't think he knew the answer. I don't think so either. I think he said a joke that he realized could be an insult as well, but thought it was like okay to say because he felt familiar. And by the time I was asking him, he's already hearing the fight he's having with his wife on the ride home. Or she's like, why do you have to fucking open your mouth? I'm him in a lot of situations, I understand that there are people who short circuit and they just don't know what to say. And sometimes some of the sweetest interactions come out of that. My favorite types of those interactions are those where they just say I don't know what to say. And I have no words, but you're amazing.


Yeah. Yeah. Because I get it. Yeah. Well, That can all relate. It really conveys more emotion than any other One. Exactly. I'm really overwhelmed. Yeah. I don't really know what to say because it's so honest, it's so endearing and it's so real. There are times when you're like, I don. Dunno what to say here. But I know that this is A really cool moment and I'm glad you are here. And I'm scared right now and I'm scared I Don because I don't wanna say the wrong thing. It's an honest emotional reaction. The flip side of that is someone saying something and they say it in the wrong way. And if you look closely enough, you'll see it in their faces that, oh my God, what did I just say? Yes, yes. Immediately you'll see it. But if that doesn't show up at all, then it's, oh, I said the best thing in the world.


And then it's like, did you mean to hurt my feelings? All right. Was that just a moment of you trying to connect? That's a little bit better of a way to phrase it. Instead of, were you trying to be a dick? How Mad are you at me out of 10? I'm not. Okay. I'm not mad. But I do think maybe, oh, did you mean to hurt my feelings? Or were you just trying to be funny? Yeah. Would've Meant affects Vulnerability. That's the most vulnerable. Yeah. And you're right. There's one answer. There's One answer. You know, I didn't mean to hurt your feelings, or I just wanted to connect. I'm so sorry that came out wrong. I should have let the whole thing slide. I don't think anything productive came out of it other than I came home and I was like, like I, They did have to think about thing and maybe they won't go to the next person and do so Something I'm say something like that. Yeah. It's wild. Before you guys came up, we were talking about fame and newer celebrities are pushing back on fame, The social contract of it all.


Yes. They're building a bigger boundary and I think it's very interesting. Well, I imagine you are dealing with something different than me. Well, now, currently what we deal with, but prior to this show, yes. When I was just an actor, occasionally people were moved by what I did on parenthood. They laughed a lot at stuff I did. They didn't have cathartic emotional breakthroughs. You know, you're laying in particular, I think is gonna warrant an asymmetric connection where it's like you really connected with my soul and opened up something and I don't even know what to do with this. We have it from the show. I just did a bunch of meet and greets for my beer company and I met so many fucking beautiful listeners of the show. And they're saying like, my brother ODed, or I've repaired my relationship with my parents.


They were addicts. You know, this kind of stuff. And I'm presuming that's the level of connection people are having with you. And I love it. Cherish it. Feel so lucky to be receiving it. And it's very emotionally exhausting. Yeah. I think for me, that particular kind of connection has been happening since The, Color, Purple, really and truly. So that kind of cathartic release and people's stories and people coming together, breakups, the stories of abuse, those things have come up and people have been really open with me about the things they've been going through because of these women that I've been able to play and the stories that we get to tell. And during my concerts as well, people come together.


There's something that happens in these spaces. I'm really grateful that that is what people experience with me, but I do have to be like Protective. Yeah. Because otherwise I'll just arms open wide all day. I think it's like when someone writes a cancer survival memoir that's popular. Inevitably what you're gonna hear when you meet people who loved it is their cancer journey or their parents' cancer journey, which is totally appropriate. But also it's a lot. You can't carry All those people. Yeah. And it's very hard not to. 'cause I actually care. Every time someone takes the time to tell me a story, I'm listening. I feel their feelings because there's nothing worse than trying to tell someone a story and them not even bothering to like, look you in the face.


No. Then you're invisible. And I never want anyone to feel like that with me. So I take a lot of time to speak with people and be with people after shows. And I can be there for like an hour and just be there with people. No, you're only solutions to not leave your house. It's Not healthy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So after those shows, after those performances, whenever I've had all of that outside of it, I have to find spaces for me to just be like me. Find places where I could be meditative. And for me, running or walking gives me space to just like, I'm just gonna think I'm gonna reconfigure my brain. I'm gonna free up some space for myself because this is really the only way I can do it.


I remember being depressed in my twenties, living in Santa Monica and just kind of hopeless. And I'd be like, just walk out your door and just walk. And I'd walk like five miles. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I get back, I'm like, okay, yeah, I can keep going. What a magical thing to walk. It's So great. It has really helped me. I went to Greece and I filmed a little film called Drift, and that was really terrifying and hard and heartbreaking the whole lot. And what I would do every day before we would start filming is either run or walk miles and it would just sort of reset everything. The practice has just never changed. That's great. At some point for your mental health, you're gonna have to like do some silly something, Some silly something.


Yeah. 'cause drift, Harriet, fucking color purple. Like you're kind of living silly project. If we think about it, even Wicked isn't really a silly project. It's not a Silly project all Oh, you're getting your ass kicked. Yeah. I'm pulling out everything from the depth of me. I think on the outside, people go, oh, it's fun. And then they get, and they're like, what? Yeah. What is great about Wicked? And again, I can't believe I'd never seen the musical, but I didn't know anything about the story, which I, I love, which was great. I really appreciate people who have not seen it at all and are coming to the movie Fresh. Can I tell you, I went back to our interview with Adina and she told this crazy story, you know, she got really hurt on stage one time. Yes. And then they had to rush her to the hospital and she was saying this in the interview and like, I'm all green. And I'm like, I don't know what that means.


She can't really be all green. Oh, you didn't know that. I didn't Know. I didn't even even know she was all green in that. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And then I saw you and I was like, oh my God. Now that story makes sense. She was in the ER completely green. Green. That's fucking rough In her is Oh gosh. Oh Funny. And it's such a great, I don't wanna call it a trope that feels dismissive, but it's a great architecture to watch someone just fucking take it on the chin. It's gut wrenching. I hate it. Especially the justice warrior me. I want you to go like, Hey, fuck all y'all. I'm better than all y'all. I'm maddened by it. And it's so sticky and good and great story. We Got to go see it in a theater. And it was so exciting. And I saw the play many years ago. I guess I forgot the whole thing. It started, I was like, what?


I don't remember any of this. And then we were with a friend and she went to the bathroom and she came back and I was like, this movie is so sad. I hate what is happening to her. Right. Yeah. You do such a good job of not playing it with pity. No, but you feel for that. Yeah. And I was like, I'm her. I was like, so, you know, I was like, I'm her. And I hate this for everybody, especially me. It was fantastic. Yeah. You're so good in it. Thank You. But I do have to do something silly at some point. Yeah. I don know what the silly thing is? I just did a really cool, I mean there is silliness in it and I had a great time doing it. We did an episode of Poker Face with Natasha Leone. Oh yes, yes. And Ryan Johnson and I had the best time doing it.


And there is A. Lot of silliness. I got to use my funny bone there. Yeah. But I think drama's always gonna follow me. I think the dramatic bone is always gonna be there. There's always gonna be heart in something. This Is not a popular opinion that I have. Yes. But I have it. And I don't know where this comes from in me, but I'm a white trash kid and I got to grow up and be free of that. And I don't have to tell the story of every socially and financially disenfranchised person. And I have always felt a little bit of sympathy if you're famous and you're black. Yeah. There feels like some obligation. Like you can't not be political. That's just not on the table for me. Right, right, right. And although I think it's great to pursue those things, I also think it's yet another thing that's not fair about the whole experience.


You finally transcended this and now you also need to be a social leader For me. And for you, I imagine like telling these stories. Do you feel some obligation like Yeah, I'm the best person to tell The Color Purple story. I'm obliged to do so. There is A part of me that is like, yes, sometimes I wanna just do some great stuff that doesn't have anything to do with the politics of me being a black queer woman Fashionista. I Try, But I don know if I have that choice. And so I kind of just accept it and try my very, very best to pick the things that have the widest view of what humanness looks like. I wanna dance in the gray area always.


I'm not particularly interested in characters that are only liked. I'm not particularly interested in characters that are just heroes. I want the complicated, icky space, The Gary Oldman career. I want That. Yeah. I wanna be able to do all of those things. And I want it to be okay. I have less worry about it than often. Sometimes studios and streamers do. They're like, oh, but what makes her redeemable? Do we like her? And I'm always like, I don't know if the character cares if you like her or not. I also and I, that's Against Sopranos. Yeah. The most successful She'll ever. Nobody asks if Tony Soprano is likable. No. We just watch it. Nobody asked if American Psycho was gonna be liked. I think it's okay if we can get those kinds of characters where the face is mine.


We'll all be okay if we start really diving into those spaces and not being like, it's because she's black. It's just because she's human and she has darkness and light in her. That's what's kind of clever about Wicked is she's green. Yeah. It's all the difference that a person can be. Yeah. I loved the idea of being able to play her because there is no requirement for me to play her as just good or perfect the entire time. She makes mistakes. She fucks up, she gets it wrong. Well Ariana is perfect. Well, but we immediately don't like that. And that's the thing, they're both fallible beings. Yeah. They're both fallible humans.


They rub up against each other. They're not great with each other either. It's not like Belinda's horrible and Alphabet doesn't give it back. They give it to each other. They're mean to each other for a long time. They say horrid things to each other until they realize, oh, we feel just as outcast as each other in spaces. Yours is more obvious. Mine is not. I'm trying to live up to something that is beyond me. And I can't get to a place that you are in. And I'm in the difference my entire life. So the experience of the world is very, very different. Well, the most important thing is neither is thriving from the identity they've taken on. No. Because neither one of them at the beginning actually take on who they're meant to be.


It takes them having to be like, this could be to my complete destruction, but I have got to be myself because it's the only way that I can actually fully exist. And that's when shit really takes off. Yeah. Oh my God, it's so good. We, Love, John Chu. We've known John forever. He's the director, truly Is one of the most incredible people on the planet. Just a good human being. Watching him work is really fun. He's so excited by it. And he's like finding things at the same time. We're finding things and then the ideas keep going back and forth. Should we try this? Do you wanna try it one more time? And it's just so thrilling the entire time. Ooh. And this is what it's like for months and months on end.


A year. And the thing is, he won't say he's tired. And I'll be like, John, you are tired. I need you to sit down. You need to take a break. Have you had something to eat? What are you eating? This is trash. I'm gonna get you some vegetables and some like nuts. Let's get you some sugar free sweets instead of having like all that sugar. Yeah. Because it's not gonna help. He's the kind of person that you want to be. Well because he wants you to be. Well. He's creating this atmosphere that is so infectious. And it sounds really cliche and very facetious, but it's not. That's how we did this. And that's not to say that it was easy. It's just to say that because the atmosphere was set up in the right way, the things that were difficult were pleasurable at the same time.


You could actually enjoy doing the hard work. When you're a carpenter and you're building a house. It's hard. Yes. But it fuck Is it rewarding? Yes. It's like it's all going. Right. Exactly. That's so rewarding when People see the movie. It is shocking what he's done. I mean, Like It is incredible. Yeah. Visually choreography. Oh my God. I was like, how did he do this? How did he think this? It's incredible. But I can imagine because there's so many moving parts, it'd be easiest for him to just be tough. Yeah. So the fact that he was fun and engaging Oh, oh gosh. is A big Feat and really caring. Because he asked me at the very beginning whether I wanted to do the makeup or whether I wanted to do CGI. Mm. There was a question. It was like, so here's the deal.


Sin, if you do this makeup, it's gonna add three hours to your call Time. Yes. Every day. And it's gonna be hard to do that. 'cause these are long days and you're gonna add to it. I'm more worried about taking it off, putting an on's one Thing. The taking it off took an extra hour, hour and a Half. And is that shit bad for your skin? You know what? My skin was in the best. So You said yes. I said yeah. Why did you say yes? You wanted to look in the mirror and Yes. Yeah, I get that. Oh, I didn't want to leave my trailer and have like dots on my face. Can I see your hands? I couldn't tell if it was your nails were so long if you were wearing some kind of hand thing. No, my nails were done every Okay. Nothing was happening with your Hands. Nothing was happening with my hands. I have very long fingers. Yeah. Very long fingers. Yeah. This is very, my nails are very long right now.


Can I ask you a really crazy question? It's inappropriate. Yeah. Go on. When you're wiping your butt. I knew you would ask that question us. I know, but Everyone thinks it. Everyone's afraid to Ask it. Nobody because No, no one's afraid to ask it. Oh, is everyone asking that? Everybody asks that question. All Girls though. No, everybody asks that question. Okay. Very cliche. And my answer is, nobody uses just their fingers to wipe their backside. You use tissue. Oh sure. Correct. Correct. And you wipe, Yeah. I guess my question is, does the tissue go on the tip of the fingernails or do you try to get the tissue on the pads of the fingers? Okay, great. Great, great, great. We're getting somewhere. Yeah. And then, okay. And then you're just feeling a little tickle of the nails on your crack of your butt sometimes. No, because the Tissue's there, you don't go. Okay. Another That.


So youre covered, I wonder. Okay. What I would do if I were you Oh boy, is I would wrap my whole, I'd make a mitten. My fold. Okay. Oh, your folder. Yeah. I bunch. Now are you offended by that question? Are you like, I get it. Well, I Get it. You're annoyed by it. I'm annoyed by it. I'm like, come on guys. But I get it. But it's also like I'm a functioning adult and I've never walked around smelling like, you know, No one thinks that. In fact, everyone thinks you smell so good at be the question. What? Saying, how are you wiping your tush? Very well. They're saying what they're saying when they're asking is, I would never be able to wipe properly. It's a problem with them afraid. That's a problem with them. And here's the thing, there are people who do not have nails who need to check how they're wiping big. I agree.


Big time. You know what I'm saying? This Isn't a pass on everyone without nails. I'm saying any stretch. So everyone's asking that question. Everyone's asking that question. Wow. I kind of thought everyone would think that. But not be bold. No, no. People are bold. They are. I Knew you could handle it and you Could hash it out. People always like, how do you get anything done with those nails? And I'm like, I mean, I'm here. Yeah. I got here somehow. I'm dressed. I love them. I was just thinking of the ergonomics in that exact Situation. Thank you so much. But that's fine. Yeah. Because the nails would change with the scene. Sometimes you would shoot two different things in one day. So the nails will change in the middle of the day. Can we go back in time for a second? Yeah. You originally went to University of East London. That's right. And you were majoring in psychology of music or music psychology.


Music psychology. Yeah. What is music psychology? It Is the study of the way in which music affects the psychological state of a person based on where they live. Their social standing, whoa, what's the word I'm looking for? Based on like elitism, status, Socioeconomic, standing. Yeah. Yeah. Status. And then when you get down to the fine points of it, what is within music itself? So the way in which the note structures can affect the way a person hears the music. Wow. And what it does to a person's mood and a person's psyche. So this is sort of layman's terms. If you hear a song in a minor key and the lyrics happen to be sad or without lyrics, it tends to evoke a sad emotion. Or if you hear music with a major key, even if the lyrics are sad, you will evoke a happy mood.


Yeah. There's a song. And I hate to pick this, but I pick it because it's the one thing on my mind. And she's with me all the time. A song called One Last Time That Ariana Grande has one last time. I need to be the one It takes you home. Yeah. I'm so happy. I was praying you would SI know me sing at least for a second. And you just did. So thank you. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert. If you dare.


We are supported by Quince. The fall season is in full force. Even here in LA we're starting to experience a little bit of sweater weather. It's the perfect time to pull out a cozy cashmere sweater or a nice leather jacket. Whatever keeps you feeling warm and stylish. That's why this season we're thankful to be partnering with Quince. Quince offers affordable high quality essentials for any wardrobe. We're talking seasonal must-haves like Mongolian cashmere sweaters from $60 and comfortable pants for any occasion, including Thanksgiving dinner. I hope they have a little elastic in the waist. I Have a button down. It's like a little denim button down. Yeah. It's very cute. And it's very versatile. 'cause you can dress it up or down. You can wear it over something that's like a little shimmery or be very cash and you know I love any excuse to shop. Yeah. And a new season is A really good excuse. Yeah. There's no better place. Upgrade your wardrobe with pieces made to last with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash dx for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dx to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dx.


We are supported by BetterHelp. This month is all about gratitude. I'm truly grateful for the people I'm surrounded by in my life. They mean the absolute world to me. They are the greatest gift I've been given. Here's a reminder to give thanks to those you hold near and dear. And while you're at it, give thanks to someone you might not thank enough yourself. It's something we can easily forget, but it's an important act of self-love. We just had an expert on that revealed we're not very Nice to ourselves. That's not very self-compassionate at all. We gotta get better. It's important. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, making it super convenient for any schedule. Getting started is A Breeze. All you need to do is fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and you're free to switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash dax to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/dax.


We are supported by Columbia Sportswear. I love Columbia Sportswear. Trusted brand. Trusted brand. I just got a black puffer that's so sleek and I got a a very Earth Tony Fleece Ready for the cooler months. I'm ready for it. And I'm gonna be adorned in Columbia Sportswear from snowy trails to city streets. Columbia has you covered their omni heat Infinity jackets are the gold standard and warmth, pushing the boundaries of innovation inspired by space blanket technology. Omni heat Infinity uses an expanded pattern of metallic gold dots to reflect more body heat, delivering instant warmth without compromising breathability. With Columbia's omni heat Infinity, you'll feel the difference as thermal reflective technology wraps you in warmth. Whether you're hiking mountains or conquering your daily grind. Learn more@columbia.com.


If you wanna sing more at any point, lemme lemme know. Yeah. But her version, which is the seminal version, is in a major key and it's uptempo. When you hear it, you don't realize that it's actually a heartbreak song. People dance. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Then there is A band called Third Story who changed the key and took the tempo right down. Ah. And now it becomes a heartbreaking, and now people are crying and now you make Boo cry. Whoa. That's fascinating. Yeah, It is. And do you find there's two different camps of people? So Monica and I are in different camps. I'm obsessed with music. It's a huge part of my life. But it's generally the music, the singing. Sure. It's not the lyrics for me. Yes, yes, yes. And so Monica's heavily driven by lyrics.


I have even shared a couple songs with Monica and she'll be like, well this song's a real bummer and I'm Like It is. And then I look, oh yeah. It's kind of about battered look at the world. Right, right, right, right, Right. And I've completely missed it. I'm the camp that sits right in between. Ah. Yeah. 'cause I think both of those things have inherent value. Let's take Mozart's Osa. Nobody knows what those lyrics are. OSA means to cry. But you wouldn't know that unless you go and look up the lyrics and you know Latin, right? Yeah, exactly. Yes. But you know that the music itself is deeply sad. Yeah. Da. That's what it sounds like. So it's sad, You know, you're sad. But the lyrics though, they mean to cry.


It is actually about forgiveness in a way. Oh. You know? So it's actually not a sad song necessarily. It's a double trick. Which Is why I'm in both camps. Yeah. 'cause even the happiest song can actually mean something very, very different. We can dance when we're happy. We can dance when we're sad. Both have value. Like I'll listen to the lyrics all day long, but sometimes I just wanna hear the music. Sometimes it's the music that moves me. Yeah. Yeah. One of the most interesting things about music, to me, this is what I studied in college, which is cultural anthropology. I'll be in other countries and I'm listening to the music that everybody loves and I'm like, how on earth do they like this music? Right, right, right. And it's so cultural. Largely when I'm in Mexico and I hear that it is all German inspired.


Their musical genre in Mexico is Polka Drive. Yes, yes. So the And I go like, yeah, if I grew up in Mexico, I would love, love This. That's what you're hearing this music. of course. And that is fascinating. Yeah. You think that music's somehow objective to some degree then it's not. I think It's what's really interesting about what's happening with, there's a music called Afrobeats, which is happening right now. And it seems to be growing tentacles and spreading out everywhere. Whereas before I grew up with it and it's developed and it evolves and it changes ever so much. So it's become a little bit popularized. But if you go back 50 years, the rhythms are still very similar. The tonal qualities are still very similar. So you still hear the same types of notation, but lyrically it becomes different.


And the way we've put it together has become different. And young people have started to listen to it. That was why I was interested in this particular subject. But I think I was too early for it. I needed to go and do the thing I'm meant to do, which is this. Because You bailed. Right. I didn't even go to Radha straightaway. I went to like a young actress company program at a local theater. 'cause I was like, I'm not doing this. I don't think this is right for me. So I left and I went to this young ex company. And at the young ex company I was, I mean I used the word forced fondly to go and study at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts. Yeah. And I say it because this wonderful mentor of mine would not allow me to do this particular program unless I signed up for an audition.


Wow. She blackmailed you. Yeah. She was like, you sign up for an audition, you come to this. You don't, you can't. And I was like, Good for her. Fine. Begrudgingly signed in to do an audition thinking this will be short-lived. It's not gonna happen. I'm not gonna get in. We're cool. Really quick. Why didn't you wanna go there? There was no point. Because I was not gonna get in. Okay, There we go. I Was not gonna get in. I'm just asking to get rejected. You mean me, A girl from southwest London who moved to East London is now gonna go to the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts. Right. In what world? That's a nonsense idea. Yeah. No one's ever flagged it for me before. So why on earth it's not gonna happen. And then I got it. Then it then. Wow. And did you Like It immediately because you're now the vice president?


I What does that mean? You are, is that a ceremonial position? How on earth do you have time to be a vice president of a fucking college? That's, this is the stupidest thing Ive ever heard. It's ridiculous. Oh my God. It's so, I swear to you it's the most ridiculous thing in the world. Because here's the thing, my time at Radha was not easy. I was the odd boy. I was a true East London girl who just was myself. And I was like the one girl who really loved music and like I left, I was gonna do a backing vocal gig before I came to the school that was gonna pay for the school. And they said no. I was doing gigs at night and I was the only person that was doing that kind of thing. Yeah. In this school. So I really had figured out my jobs. This Is John Batis too.


Do you remember when he's at Julliard? Yeah. Yeah. And he wants to be performing with his, This is for people who are in America and don't know it is Julliard basically. Yes. Correct. It's the same level. Yeah. It's level. The same space. The same level. It Had Royal in the title. And I assume that yeah, They might have some sort of connection. I Think they have a little connection. If not, I'm trying to make it happen. Ooh, that Well, That should be one of your tasks as vice president. 'cause vice president. I've given it to myself. I think that might be a really good idea. Like exchange Studenting maybe kind of thing. Yeah, Sure. Some professor swaps. Maybe everyone wants six months in London. No, I, here's the thing, I would go to Gillard and sit and chat with the students. 'cause I do actually teach at Ruda. You do? Wow. You currently teach? I currently teach. Oh my God. What the World. Yeah. You're gonna kill yourself.


D is worried about your time. Insane. Are you the type that'll just run yourself into the ground? I Try not to, but I think it's gonna happen. I think it's gonna happen this year. This is the year. It's a lot for Collapse. I do think it's gonna happen 'cause there's just like a lot going on and I'm actively trying to work at Radda and do the things I need to do. 'cause I don't believe in taking on a title if you're actually not gonna do the work. I vehemently detest that. I don't want to be the vice president just because Ceremonial, I'm not interested. And I know that there's stuff to be done. And I also love working with the students at Radda. And I try and get there every year for at least a week intensive workshop with the third year students.


What I wanna do is meet them in the first year, have a little time with them in the second and then have the intensive in the third. So there is something that they work with. Yeah. Throughout. They're not just meeting me the first time in the third year, but now they'll see me more often 'cause Well I'm there. I want to ask you a very Vice president. So Inappropriate question. Go ahead. Were you in love with any of your teachers In love? As in in love Crushes Like Well, okay. I mean I was In love with one of mine. Yeah. Monica was in love with one of her teachers. Yes. Still pines for C. Yeah. I don't know what he is up to these days, but boy was he attractive and so Smart. Did you have any crushes on your teachers? I don't think so. You Didn't? That's fair. I didn't have any on mine either.


No. Okay. Theater Space is very intimate though. I was only gonna ask like if I was teaching at 37 at a college, I think I would be mildly like, oh Jesus, does this person have a crush me? Because there's a weird magic to the whole thing. I'm gonna ignore any of it. Yes, yes. I'm gonna be like, dunno, don't wanna know. Not paying attention to that. Don't tell me. Oh you Have me confused with a human. I am an acting teaching robot. I'm also aware of what I'm walking into the school with I. think I Fall in love with you. Yeah. No, you are calling. Yeah. I think I would. Oh for sure. Yeah. But I don't know that people would fall in love with me as a me. I think they're falling in love with the idea. But aren't people always falling in love with the idea of the other person? I Guess so We Fight about this all I think so all the time.


I think people fall in love with the idea of a person until they've allow themselves to fall in love with the actual person. Yeah. With great luck. Yes. You end up falling in love with the real person, but more often you go, oh no, this whole thing was a projection. But then if you're on the other side of it, if you're Cynthia, then you're like, oh this person's in love with me. And then you run the risk of them finding out about the real you and them being like, oh, I'm not interested in that. But she'll be doing the same to that person. 'cause that person would've captivated some other fantasy and imagination. Right. So it would be complimentary I think. But when it comes to the school of it all, I'm here to teach you and take you through it wasn't a and help you You know What I mean. I shouldn't have even asked you that question. You're in a compromised position as he is A vice dean of the school. I know. I would never, I'm also aware of what I walk in the room with.


I know that there's a lot and I think I'm getting used to what that even is. I'm gonna suggest someone more likely would think they're in love with you. But what they're in love with is they wanna be you. You'd be very aspirational. Like I want to be an empowered woman who's got a Tony and a Grammy. And so you would represent some kind of fantasy wish fulfillment and that could be misinterpreted as love As well. Yeah. And the thing is, I would say to that person, you do not want to be me. You want to be the best version of yourself. You don't know if you wanna do all the things or go through all the things I've already been through my shit's made for me. But when you're at that age, you Really, you can't tell. Yeah, it's hard. Yeah. You Like. It's hard. I'm Looking a Nicholas cage and I'm like, and I wanna be that.


I think for me, in the perfect world, I, think I would be like the love child of Cicely Tyson and Barbara Streisand. Who's Cicely Tyson. Yeah. Cly. I'm so sorry. I'm very sorry. With all apologies. Okay. You don't either. Okay. Thank fucking God. I was sure it was a white guy thing. No, I was Gonna Leave you out. You gotta look her up. She passed away a few years ago at like the age of 94 I think it was. Oh That's good. 96. She went to 96. What a quitter. She almost made it to a hundred. We really Wanted her to get to a hundred. And she was strong. She was one of the most incredible actresses ever. British American. Oh. And she shaved her head just like me. Oh, I read her autobiography. It's the most fascinating thing. She had a torrid relationship with Miles Davis.


Oh, that's a wild ride. Tells you all about that. She was in Sounder, she was in roots. Most people probably know her best for how to get away with murder. She was Annalise Keating's mother. Oh, okay. But she's just brilliant. The way she used her hair as a statement constantly throughout her life was just really inspiring. So whether it was doing Bantu Knot or getting it corn rolled or shaving it off or leaving it as an afro, there's a really beautiful image of her when she is nominated, I think for Sounder for the Oscar where she goes with like flowers in her hair. She's special, special, special. So that combination of her and Barbara Streisand and Barbara Streisand, I picked because of the Renaissance woman effect that she has over her own life and the way in which she was able to translate music and song and acting and do all of this vast arena of things.


Yeah. She's one of our few. I always say this about Taylor Swift, when people try to figure out what is the magic that's happening. For me, a big part seems like, at least through my little girl's eyes, is that she is A, fully formed self-created matriarchy. And I would argue Barbara was a early like created her own matriarchy. That's right. World around herself. Yeah. I can see that as inspirational. It Seems like you are the combination of them. And especially Renaissance. You're the vice president, You're an academic, you're Covering a lot Of ground. Yeah. Least some for the rest of us, bro. With all this said, how mentally prepared do you feel like you are for a Wicked? Because I can't imagine you are. I wanna kid myself and be like, I'm really ready for it.


I think in a way I am. But there's always the aspect that you have no idea what's coming. You can't have the future. I have no idea what this will be. Full stop. But I think I'm open. That's as far as I can take myself. I'm open to the possibilities of what this might be. I'm very, very, very grateful for the chance to do something of this magnitude. 'cause it doesn't come along often. No. I feel like I have some insight into what you're gonna go through, which is I think this thing will be what Frozen was. Yeah. And I think you'll have parents for the next five years coming up and complaining to you that their kid will not stop listening to a certain song over and over and over again.


Right. And then I think you'll have a lot of parents bringing over young children to meet you at the table, but the children have no fucking clue what's going on. Right. Well I don't understand what you're telling me. That's the part that's gonna be different and harder perhaps. Because when it happens to Kristen, sometimes the kids are like, what? That's not her. Is A cartoon Whatcha you talking about? You're a person. Right. And they're gonna see you as a person. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Thank God you're not green. I know. In real life You should fuck around one time. Just go out as green when this thing really peaks, you should go set up. Shop can imagine Cheesecake Factory. Oh my goodness. Can you imagine? Insane. So I guess I have one remaining question about kind of how you got to this place.


'cause we didn't talk about your childhood as much as I like to. Yes, yes. How old were you when mom and dad got divorced? Mom and dad didn't get divorced. They weren't married. They were never married. They were never married. But I was 16 when my dad decided not to be a part of my life. How frequently were you seeing him? Maybe Two or three times a week. His choice. My mom was really, I think kind And not talk shit about him to you ever. Never. That's so nice. My mom did that as well. And as you get older, don't you respect it even more? Because now I'm Like, I completely respect it. It Almost seems impossible. Yeah. I honestly can't believe it. And gave him the space to come and visit if he wanted to. We would go over to his from time to time as well. And she like really made the space for us if he wanted to build a relationship, to build a relationship.


And he just didn't. Was he struggling with stuff? No, I think he just was not set up to be a dad. I don't think it was his bag. Right. I read Jada Pinkett Smith's book and there is A section in the book where she talks about her father. And it really clicked for me when I read this part. She said that there are some parents who are meant to be parents. They're meant to shepherd their children into the world, make sure that they are taken care of and they are good with them. And there are other parents who are meant to literally get them here. Yeah. And that is it. And we can't forget that each parent is still a human being. They are a human being before they're a parent. And I'm okay. That made everything really clear for me. And it doesn't remove hurts and pain that I had been through and have worked to work through.


Does it materialize in relationships? I think it did. But you have your arms around it now. But yeah, thank goodness for good therapists. Oh good. Yeah. Yeah. That shit really helps. Were you generally attracted to people? You had some subconscious notion that they were gonna abandon you. Oh yeah. Yeah. Unavailable people. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Isn't it funny how fucking generic it is? Oh yeah. Is it like, oh, what's the situation with this kid? Okay, I'll tell you exactly what's gonna happen in 12 Years. You know that they're predisposed to like actually go away at some point You sense it somehow. But the second year, so hot for somebody that Yeah. Sounds right. Clue. But there's some parental damage underneath of It. That's correct. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Isn't that nuts? It's ridiculous until you get your head around it and you get some control on what it is that you are actually looking for, what you're trying to fix in that it just will keep going.


And Do you agree? I had to go, oh wow. I actually have to actively go the opposite direction of what I want. I think I gotta experiment with that. Yeah. I had to be alone for a second. I have to figure out what the heck this is. What am I running away from? What do I want for myself? And also I. think I was using for a small amount of time my career as a conduit to like find a way to get him back. Sure. Almost. Look what you've missed. You know, look what you missed. Yeah. It's a great engine. Yeah. Look what You gave up. Look what you gave up. You are gonna regret leaving this. Yes. That kind of thing. What a Great motivator that is. It's Fantastic. Until it doesn't work anymore. That's right. Until it leaves you empty and you're like, what am I actually doing this for?


I've not done this for myself and now I have to figure out how to do this for myself. Yeah. Well I think one of the great tricks in life that everyone has to figure out is what got you to the party isn't what's gonna keep you at the party. And it's so hard to accept that or believe in that. Yeah. We gotta try something else now. You Need new fuel source. Yeah. To change direction. Pivot. Let's go somewhere else. Now I Got here all blessings to this thing, but it's actually gonna get you asked to leave. Yeah. So you seem to have the same, Kristen has a really, really in depth knowledge of music in reading music and all the math that's associated with music. Where did you learn that? Did you learn that at Royal Academy? I Learned it at secondary school or high school. You Went to a Catholic school.


I did. So my music teacher there, Ms. Rycroft, who is so awesome, no one really understood her, but I really got her. She would pretend to be like this curmudgeonly teacher who just didn't like people. But actually she was the funniest, most brilliant, most kind teacher to me ever. She was like, oh, I have your number right. I know what you are. You are a musician and I'm gonna make sure that you are always a musician. I see you. I was like quickly accosted. And I learned to play the clarinet. So I learned to read music that way. And then she got me a viola. So I started doing that too. And I can't play any of these anymore.


But it meant that I could really actually read music and I did music proficiency, all of that stuff. And did graded tests the whole lot sing was happening in concert with all of that. They had a choir, I don know how this happened. And I think it's because of Mr. Rycroft. And strangely enough, my science teacher, Mr. Sja, who somehow put this together, we started singing with a big choir in the UK and we would do like requiems every year. I loved doing them. 'cause of the big sound of all these voices Together. What's a requiem? My Apologies. So Requiem is A huge choral piece with all the voices. Tennis, bass, soprano, alto, metz, sopranos.


And occasionally you'll have rested teas in between where they're like solo lines that would end up with big choral numbers. Mm. And usually it's a long piece written but separated by particular movements. We did Carmina Bana and Carmina Bana. You wouldn't know the name, you would know the sound of Carmina Bana. We're gonna pretend like we don't know it. So you just keep going. Yeah. Yeah. I don know what you're doing. I bet if you have watched more measures have, Have you ever watched REO and Juliet? The B Lemon versions. I love that musical big choral thing is that, and we did another piece called the Ruter Requiem by John Rutter.


And that is one of my favorite pieces ever. But it contains a piece called PA asu and they are like three different pa a asu, but these are the pieces that we would do. That's how I learned about classical singing. And so she made me learn Schubert leader the whole lot. So I expanded my classical taste in music at secondary school. Wow. Yeah. Whilst running alongside with everything else and learning how my voice worked elsewhere. And just my outside love of music anyways. And my mom is playing Aretha Franklin and Diana Ross in the car. Er Badu. Yeah. And I'm learning all of the how window. How about can we sing window seat? Have I gonna win window Seat next to me?


Oh, I just wanna, I love It. I love it. Badu, She's brilliant. She's one of the artists singers that has gotten better and better and better as time has gone on. I just recently saw her in concert in London. How late was she? Because I've seen her four times. She wasn't that late. I don't believe you one bit. No, she wasn't. She wasn't. Maybe she still on American time. She Wasn't late. I think she was maybe like 20 minutes, 10 minutes or Wow. And she was, yeah, it was like, Like I waited three hours this year. She was, and I didn't care. She was On. It was amazing. Yeah, good Huma came out as well. It was so good. There's an artist called Duran Bon Bernard. He does her backing vocals, but he's an amazing vocalist on his own. Oh he was out. It was amazing fun.


I went with my sister and my best friend. We had the best Time. Oh wow. She's a force. Oh my gosh. She had her jewelry in her hat. She had these really cool trousers pants that were like chaps actually, but had like teddy bears on. It was just wild. The whole thing was wild. Oh yeah. I was obsessed. It was brilliant. But yeah. But that's how my proficiency for music, because I've had such a vast experience of it from loads of different sources onwards. Now You said the highlight is being in the stage and having that open line of communication with the audience. Yes. It's really happening. So I'm wondering the moment in the Requiem. Yes. Do you experience something in that insane mass? Yes. Of harmony that can compete with the other solo thing. There's Like 30 to 40 voices singing at once.


Yeah. Or at the top of their voices. Yeah. Whoa. In harmony. You gotta be like MDMA. Oh My god. It's transcendent. There's nothing Like It and it's ringing in your ears. But you can feel it in the back of your head at the same time. It's like a short circuit. Yeah. And sometimes it's what I feel when an orchestra's playing all together. Yeah. There's nothing Like, It. You do realize how lucky you are y'all. Yeah. I mean Really you're having an experience on planet earth that really very few people can ever touch. My experience is sort of enhanced by the fact that I experience anesthesia. So I see color. You Have that. I see color when I hear music. So for me it's like a You're on Acid full sensory thing.


Yes. We understand that we are story creatures. We understand that we passed on our culture. Yes. And our knowledge through story. We're starting to really understand it neurologically. But we haven't really cracked what music Is. No, no, no. You can talk about the science all day long and what it is and sound waves and all of that. But actually we can't really crack the code and why it affects people the way it does. We can't crack how this piece connects with that person but doesn't connect with this person. Why do we all understand this particular language? We might speak it differently, but there are a finite amount of notes. My uncle who went to Julliard who is A trumpet player, he told me Yeah. Mathematically every single song's already been written. Yes. There'll never be a new piece of music. That's so wild. The notes are the same.


It's just how we experience it. Why do we experience it like that? I think part of it is it seemingly has absolutely no purpose. Right. But it does. It does The most important purpose. But it seems like a weird thing for a human to do at any given time. Right. And there's something, I think just starting with that premise. Yeah. Which is like, this serves no purpose is interesting. So we know we're doing it for some other calling. It's like the closest we have to touching something kind of mystical. I believe that. This might sound like the nerdiest thing I've ever said, but my favorite scale is chromatic. Say it again. All the notes in between.


A chromatic scale. A chromatic scale. Yeah. 'cause it leaves none of the notes out. Ooh. But it's not just humans. Animals Sing. Yes they do. Birds. Birds, yeah. And they won't shut The fuck up. Whales, whale whales, songs. They're all tonal notes and music. However you experience it. It's the one thing that connects every single being on the planet. It's the one thing we all have in common. And You're doing it at like the apex level. Lucky girl. Thank You. Thank you for Saying that. Not put too fine a point on how great Wicked is. It's outrageous. Thank You. We don't Love musicals in general. We don't. Monica. And we say that publicly is, it's dangerous. It's Like. It says equal to me saying I don't like dogs. Which is also true.


But man, did it get me, When you're experiencing some lip from somebody, you have to go through such a long list. Like is it 'cause I'm a woman, is it I'm small? Is it? I mean, is that I hate dogs. Is that I hate musical I'm, I'm adding things by the second. You're not helping yourself. I'm figure out what's really going on. Not, I'm definitely not in any way. What a delight to meet you Cynthia. Yeah, I thank you for having me. I really enjoyed this immensely. This has been really fun. You gotta urge people to go to shit. But I don't, in fact, I could say like, whatever you do, do not go on November 22nd to see Wicked and I know you'll be there. I bet everyone already has pre-booked their tickets. I hope so. Is it a secret when the second one will come out? The second one is coming out the same time next year. Okay. Oh okay. 22nd November next year.


And you filmed them both at once? Obviously We filmed them both at once. How long did that take? A year? That Took about a year. We started rehearsals August, 2022. Started shooting December. So four months of rehearsals. Yeah. Wow. We needed it. of course. Yeah, of course. Yeah. It was a mammoth. Well you're doing like a Broadway show. Yeah. Started shooting it in December. Came to a halt in June or July, I can't remember for the writing strike or actor strike both. And then came back top of this year in January. Finished in February. Wow. Oh wow. And Ariana's. She's Fantastic. Yeah, she's great. She's experienced a lot. Yeah. And she's a sweetheart. And what people don't realize is that she's experienced real heartbreak.


Yeah. Again, back to the thing we were talking about, trying to figure out everything. So yeah, you have a package. Monica has a package. I have a package. The perfect end of the package also sucks sometimes. Yes. It's like very hard to be sympathetic to someone who looks like her and has her career and she's just as worthy of anyone's sympathy. You love her. Right. I've heard you talk about her. You guys have really fallen in Love. I love her. She's a bright spark. But you just wanna like take care of her. Yeah. Give her a big old hug. And we really took care of each other. This was like a big one for us. We used to joke that two of us were like dust by the end of it because we were working to the bone. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean whatever scratches, scrapes, cuts, bruises you think you could get. We had them, the flying in harnesses, chafing.


We had it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Chafing was like a funny word to me until I realized what chafing actually looked like. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. When you had it repetitively. Ugh. It's almost a bed sore at that point. Oh my gosh. Yeah. It took months for my hips to just heal. Scratched palms bleeding. I had a bloody nose at one point. Like It was mad. We were in this the whole way outside. She's got basically her arms out all the time. When it's cold, it's cold. There's nothing you can do about it. You wanna fly outside? Okay, we're flying outside. Is it windy? Yes. Tough. We're gonna do it anyway. Is it raining today? Yep. It won't show on camera so we're gonna do it. That kind of thing. We were willing to do whatever it took to do this.


You wanna be in at 3:00 AM be in at 3:00 AM We're gonna finish this makeup 'cause we need to be on set by five. Yeah. You know, in some weird way it's lucky you did it at this age. Yes. Because if you tried to do this at 45 with this long ass career, you'd be like, I am not getting in that harness. And it's rare that I can, I know about chafing I'm not doing and it's rare that I can ask women to feel bad for men, but I've spent a lot of time in harnesses too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just put a penis and balls in that same harness as well as everything else that's going on. You are in it sometimes going, well this can't be how it is. Right. Like this is probably gonna destroy my reproductive capabilities. But here's the thing, I'm gonna top for you there. Okay. I'm gonna say think of putting on a harness and then throwing a corset at the same time.


Yeah, no thanks. Because the corsets already hitting your hips, right? Oh yeah. And now you put the harness on top of the corset. Yes. Your ribs hurt. Yes. Everything's a Mess. Alright. You win. I adore you. I hope everyone goes and sees Wicked November 22nd and I hope we end up interviewing you a dozen more times as you promote other. I would love That. Other things. Love that. Wonderful. Can I come back even if I don't have to promote something? Yes. Because I love there. This was fun. Also, Kristen has just started doing this thing on Sunday. She started a choir club. Oh my goodness. So if you're ever here on Sunday, oh my gosh. I'm sure, sure. She would love for you to come and it's just of a bunch of nerds like you guys fucking singing together. I would love that. A choir club. Yeah. It's really cool. Do you know how lovely that would be? Yeah. 'cause there's no point to it other than remembering that you Love music To together.


Yeah. Oh my gosh, I would love that. I will. Thank you. You. I sure hope there weren't any mistakes in that episode, but we'll find out when my mom misses Monica comes in and tells us what Was wrong. Oh What now? No, I'll put it on do not disturb for you. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I thought you had a bad update. No, I don't have a bad update. Oh, on a previous or upcoming. I'm not sure. Armchair Anonymous. You told me that you hate me 'cause I don't put my phone on Do Not Disturb. That is, that's How I heard it. That's how you heard it. Okay. Okay. So now I put it on Do Not Disturb. I Guess those people have to listen to Armchair Anonymous and Or go back and listen.


If it already came out, you should Go back and keep listening. Yeah. Just in case. Because Of course I remember it. More of a playful, Hey, is there anything like really trivial about each other that we want to air? Yeah. You you tried to make it cutesy but it wasn't, it Wasn't so cutesy. No, but yeah, I, I inquired by the way, you don't have a case on your phone. I know. Because when I was Mary Kay and Ashley, the row era, I had to take the case off because they would never have a case. You're absolutely right. You can't look, you Can't look like that. Like you're, you need to protect your phone. Embarrass how low class. So embarrassing. Funny enough, someone in the comments had like, someone wrote like totally off topic to the episode, but why aren't any of the people in TV shows or movies using a phone with a phone case on it?


No one does this. And they were saying their anxiety of watching a phone in scenes without a case that's funny is A lot. So I said, you know, generally they have the permi, minimally the permission of the phone manufacturer. And so if the phone manufacturer's like, yes, you can use our product. And they probably supply products. They don't want it all obscured with a phone case. The phone company wants it without the case so that you can see what the phone company is. Yeah. But if, if, I like that you're calling it a phone company, But if you don't have approval, you do have to have a phone case on you have to cover up Or they, what they call what's Greeking at. We'll find out if that holds up. But you Greek things on a set too, or you obscure the logo a little bit.


Yeah. Put a little tape over this and that. You'll see a lot of, if people look closely, they'll see a lot of Mac computers being used in things with little tape on it. Stickers or tape. Yep. Covering up that logo. That what a great logo, by the way. Not a sponsor. Not a sponsor Sponsor. Not a sponsor. What a cute apple. Although it's kind of Weird. I'm looking directly at yours. of course. Yeah. And we don't have permiss. We have not greeted it. No. My brother visited yesterday. How was it for just I? Don't know. 12 hours. Wow. 'cause he was going on a cruise leaving out of Long Beach. So he and my sister-in-Law, Tammy came from 1:00 PM till the evening. And we went out to Cafe 1 0 1 slash Clark Street.


It's not really Cafe 1 0 1 anymore. Had a lovely lunch, played Spades, came back, and then we wandered into here and we sat down and we just started chatting. And it was incredibly touching and connected. And we were talking about our childhoods together and realizations we have. And there was even some, some damp eyes at times. Sure. From both of you or just from you? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's sweet. Yeah. And it was, it was really, really, really special. Did You guys hug? Well, We hugged when he got here, and then we hugged a long time when he left.


But did you hug in in the moment, In the middle? No, That felt too much. Well, just didn't feel terribly necessary. What we did is afterwards we played pickleball. That's fun. Okay. I do have a question about this. Like Yeah. When people, when you're around someone and they have damp eyes because they're about to cry or they're crying a little bit. Yeah. I don't really necessarily know how to handle that. Oh. Always. Like I know how to handle it with my words. But you meaning, you know how to say the right thing. Yes. Okay. But I don't, because I didn't really grow up in an affectionate family. Yeah. Physically affectionate family. Yeah. Like, I don't know if I should touch them or not. Oh, okay. So specifically whether or not to touch them.


Yeah. Do you I don't feel a compulsion to touch people. And maybe this is arrogant, but when that happens to me and it's generally a man, like if it's happening and it's another man, I immediately feel super flattered. Sure. The main feeling I have is like, I'm so lucky Yeah. That this person feels comfortable doing this in front of me. It doesn't gimme anxiety or like, I gotta do the right thing to me though. Right. Thing already happened, which is why they're doing it in front of you, but You don't feel the need to like help or comfort. No, I don't feel, and well, I inevitably will comfort and just will be talking, talking about whatever it is.


They're, and I'll be hopefully dialed in and, and thoughtful in asking questions and Yeah. But I get no anxiety. But I understand the anxiety. I only, I get anxiety about to touch or not. It's just touching. Yeah. Okay. Your words are fine, as you said, Because I feel like sometimes I, I should like touch their, their Hand and crush their Hair. No, not correct their What about I start awful g brushing my, my brother's hair back behind his ear? I mean, it doesn't have enough to tuck behind his ear. of course not that he can't, he couldn't. No, of course. of course. Very thick hair above his ears. What if he started playing with the ear in his, oh geez. The hair in his ears. Geez. That's very sexual. I mean, so is, so is putting the hair behind the ear?


It Is, But no, I, I didn't, no. You don't do that. If he now a full breakdown. Yeah. Yes. I would've probably moved over to that couch. And Would you have put your arm on him? I just put My arm around him and hoped that he wanted to hide his head in my shoulder. Oh, Wow. But that would've been a full breakdown. It Needs to be like really bad. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. And I'm trying, I'm gonna write down the rules. Rob, do you like to touch people when they cry? I get like you, I get on. I don't know what to do. That would've been my guess. Rob, here's a question, Rob. Yep.


So that, that totally makes sense for me. If it's Natalie, I know what to do. of course. Other people. Of course. And your children. Your children, There's exceptions. Yes. Yes. But Rob, do you think, and this sounds, this sounds like I'm fishing for a compliment. I'm truly not. I'm just genuinely curious. We've been working nearly every day together for seven years. My Do you think my willingness to do that with men has at all like rubbed off on you? Yeah, probably. Little Bit. Yeah. Like, do you think like, you would take a nice long hug for me, right? Yeah, I would. I mean, I have friends that I would Yeah. I think it's more, I'd love to hug you if you ever had a sad moment.


If I Needed to cry. Yes. If you wanna schedule one, I'm totally available. I'll throw it on the calendar. It depends on who it is. And it depends on how often that exchange happens. Like how often you're crying around. Yeah. But there are some people who've definitely never seen me cry, who I'm close to. Sure. And then there are others who see me cry a lot. You Yeah, Sure, sure. You've seen me cry a lot. Kristen's seen me cry a lot. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Ka I presume, or do you keep it buttoned up around her? No, she Has, she ha That's interesting. Actually. I don't keep it buttoned up. She's definitely seen it. Yeah. And heard it. But this is how I am with family. I have a very quick trigger to cry in front of my parents.


Oh, you do? But I don't want to, so I'm always like trying to not, but it's like always right at the surface, that's the best You're acting and that's what you're supposed to do as an actor. You're, you're supposed to try to not cry. Exactly. I learned that. But most the time you're trying to cry really hard. And then the second it starts and you gotta act like you're not trying To, and you're like trying to keep it together. I learned that in college Acting 1 0 7. I did. I did learn in college. Yeah. So I'm always like, it's right there. Emotions are just so heightened with your family. I have similar feelings in, in this environment. Sure, sure. It's like familial. It's could happen at any time. The tears, the floodgates. I don't have that as much with her. I don't know why it's not, it's not good or bad I don't think. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.


Erin and I used to, we had this, I mean we did this so often. We would laugh at ourselves for doing it, which is, we would, our thing was we drank with everybody, all of our friends. But he and I always went another three or four hours. Sure. Even from our, our most, you know, hard charging friends. There was always a few hours reserved for Erin and I to just be together, really hammered at the end of the night. And we would start going through childhood and we would have a good cry while we were hammered. Oh wow. And we loved it. It was the only way we could Talk about it. Yes. Yeah. Get into all the stuff. Ugh.


And so like, we kind of needed it, and yet we only did it when we were super hammered, but luckily we were hammered almost all the time together. Yeah. So, yeah, we would do it and then we would wake up and we just laugh. Like, oh yeah, we did that again. We just started crying together. Wow. While we were hammered. That's Funny. I mean, it feels like somehow the, the, the subconscious was like, you gotta figure out a way to, This is your moment. Get Crying together. Like however it needs to happen. You two need to probably Yeah. Have some cries together. Oh yeah. Man. And I held Aaron a lot for sure. Aaron's very, very sensitive. Yeah. So wonderfully sensitive isn't a funny sensitive's. Like a pejorative. But it's so, It's, it's not, to me it's To women married to someone who's not sensitive.


That's a patriarchal thing because people say think women are sensitive. Yeah. So they've decided that's a negative thing. I Guess why women are sensitive. Thank God. Yeah. Thank God. I know we need it so much. Yeah. That's a great segue. Okay. I really wanted to promote the Martha Stewart documentary. Did you finish it? Not yet. I knew you Wanted, Are we supposed to talk about substance? Oh, okay. We keep adding. Okay. Well let's talk about, do you wanna talk about substance first? I mean, we're here talking about women. I think I wanna talk about Great. I I wanna talk about Martha Stewart. Today's a big, today's a I know it's in a couple weeks Yeah. That this is coming out. But today is A big day to talk about women. Why? Who? Oh, why, who? Well, It's election day. I know, But it's, but It's not so late, late two weeks later.


I know, but I can't act like I'm not thinking about it. Okay. I'm not gonna prevent you from anything. So, Martha Stewart, if I just start with my own, of course I knew who she was all growing up. She's been a, you know, a very prominent figure in culture forever. I remember when she became a billionaire, that was like very big news. And then her incarceration, which I thought was insider, not only did I think was insider trading. I think I thought. That's what she went to prison for. I also thought it was insider trading of her own company. Neither of those things are true. Which is fascinating. Mm. This is like an Amanda Knox story. Interesting. And a Marion Jones story. This is another one. I bet we all remember it differently than what it actually was.


But watching this doc, I admire her so much and she's got some very unattractive sides to her big time. Yeah. Which she kind of owns. Well. Does she? Well that's the part that, that's the part To me. You gotta get, yeah. You gotta get deeper into it. Okay. It's a phenomenal doc. I really want an interview her. of course. And I think it's great. I, I recommend it. And I can't wait for you to finish it. 'cause we can talk about like the, you know, pretty insane mis miscarriage of justice. Basically America was sick of white collar, cri criminals getting away with shit. Yeah. It was in the air. And there was a lot of bad insider trading.


Yeah. And no one gave a fuck about the other people. They wanted a sacrificial lamb. They want everyone wanted someone to pay. And then you add in all the resentment. People already have that. She is A very successful, very rich, very powerful woman. Yeah. And whether anyone's aware of that or not, while they're, I don't even bla I don't think anyone was like consciously going, yeah, this is the wrong thing to do. I'm gonna do it. I don't think that happened. But I don't think you're aware of how much you are responding to this thing you're threatened by and you don't even know what you are. Yeah. And the world is, people carry so many feelings that they don't understand. Yeah. About successful women. It's very similar to the Kardashian hatred.


It's quite similar because Martha was presenting the perfect life. She's in, in pursuit of perfection. And so people are at simultaneously very attracted to that. 'cause we all like beauty. Yes. And we, we like this stuff and it's very aspirational and wish fulfillment. And then, and then you're mad you don't have it. And she has it and you're jealous. Even though in her case, like she was physically doing it all herself. Like she's making floral arrangements and she's making the meals and she's all this stuff. But it's just, there's a lot of things that are fun to look at in the doc. How complicated are all of our relationship is with high status people and particularly high status women.


Yeah. And people who have what we want is, you know. Yeah. It's complicated. Yeah. Very complicated. Yeah. Well, I'm excited to watch that. Okay. The substance. Now my prediction was, I dunno if it was a prediction, I was just like, it's, it's unrelenting and, and very intense. And I'm just curious how you're gonna feel. What do you rate the intensity? The gore, the, So of course it's so gory. It's so, it's very intense over the intense, it's so over the top. But I wasn't like, I don't think I was as disturbed as I was worried As you were anticipating. Yeah. And I said then, and I was like, I'm not sure if this is gonna be true, but I wonder if women will watch this differently and will not think it's as intense as men do.


I mean, it is. It is. It's crazy. Objectively. Objectively it is. An alien would go, wow, that's a really wild film that monkeys made. Yes. Everyone's like, kind of screaming. It's like kind of one of those where people are reacting loudly in a really fun way. Way. Was it pretty packed when you went? No. Oh, okay. There was, there was Like It, the Five people were screaming. Did anyone walk out? Because people walked out when I was, No. And that's like, to me, the idea of someone walking out is A is funny to me. I mean, I don't wanna do any spoilers, but I just wanna talk about the sewing of the skin. Yeah, you were, that wasn't like, oh my fucking god. I mean, I was like, or fingernail stuff. None of that stuff was like, I mean, that stuff is, I mean, I was like, Ew. of course. I was like, ew. Oh my God, this is so insane.


Yeah. But I, I was not like, oh my God, I gotta walk out. Or Oh, I, I gotta close my eyes. And like, by the end of the movie, I was dying laughing. I was laughing out loud at like such a high frequency. I thought it became so funny to me. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. So absurd. Stay tuned for more Armchair Expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. We of course have a gorgeous website that we designed and by we, I mean Rob. That's right. And Squarespace using their great templates. And it looks so beautiful and it functions and So official. Yeah. So whether you're just starting out or managing a growing brand, Squarespace makes it easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience, and sell anything from products to content to time all in one place, all on your terms. If it's your first time creating a website, no worries. Squarespace Blueprint is A new guided system that helps you build a unique online presence from the ground up. Your site will be perfectly tailored to your needs. And with the help of engaging email marketing tools, you can share your brand story with your community and even grow your audience and reach through targeted email campaigns. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash d to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dx to get started today.


I have that with violence in movies. Mm. You know, or they Interesting. It starts making me laugh so hard. Some of the violence in Goodfellas, some of the violence in Tarantino movies. That's interesting. It just, yeah. I think it is interesting. Yeah. There's something there, Right? I think because for you, since violence is A Real was a reality, Big time, You can see it a little differently. Or you can, like, you maybe, you know, when it's hit an absurd threshold. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. And because for me, violence is just scary in general. It's all violence, it's all scary. It doesn't matter even smell. You don't know what's Comedic and what's not. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so I would, I wouldn't laugh at that, but this is like, yes.


I'm so clear as to when like Body Gore has hit another level or when, when the message of the female body has like escalated to a different point. It's such an incredible message. It's so true. Speaking of successful women, it's cast so perfectly because to me Moore is so gorgeous. Yes. She's so beautiful. She she's a knockout. Yep. She has aged incredibly gracefully. She looks incredible When you were my age. She's the more, because she was perfectly the right age above me, where she was like this incredibly exotic young 20-year-old when I was like 15 or whatever.


Yeah. Jess said that he, he was in love with her. Oh, Wow. And I was like transcended. I know. I said that says a lot. Well, what'd you wanna do? Eat around it? Do people know that? I think it's worth repeating. It's worth repeating. If you listen to Monica and Jess loves boys. Yeah. Monica and Jess love boys. That was one of our early spinoff shows. It was a long time ago at this point. We did a 10 episode show with Jess where him and I were, were so opposite. But we were on like dating missions basically. Yeah. And it was such a fun show. I I another show I'm really proud of speaking of. Yeah. Yeah. Well Let's add now because people for so many years have wanted to know why you guys didn't do a second season.


Yes. And I think it's important to just say that you realize if you are actually gonna find love was this, this was not the right way. You had to prioritize your real. Yeah. It felt a little cheap. Well, you know, we put out the, the questionnaires and people responded. And once we were going through them, I was like, yeah, this is, we're just making a show and it wouldn't really be about the real thing. And that Feels not authentic. Instead your real life informing the show, the show is gonna start informing your real life. And that's, that's a dicey road. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So anyways, that's why we didn't, but He had girlfriends in high school. Yeah. He Had girlfriends. Jess is gay. Yeah. If people dunno that he had girlfriends in high school and we'd be like, well, did you like, what'd you guys do physically sex? Or would you? And he was like, I would eat around it.


Which by the way, such a great, feels very sexy just having someone eat my thighs and get close. They were probably like teetering on the verge. It might've been better than actual what high school boys were Doing. Yeah. Directly. Yeah. Yeah. It's worth perhaps going back and listening to that show just to hear him describe that. Speaking of that, actually we have a feed, it's called Armchair Limited. It is where all our old series live. Yo Great. People are curious about that. If you ever wanna go back and listen to any of these fun things we've done Race to two 70. A lot of people have been asking me like, where's Race two 70 race break To two 70, race to 35. So anyway, all our old shows are on there. It's really fun. If you wanna go check, check out Armchair Limited. Armchair Umbrella Limited series.


Armchair Umbrella Limited series. But I think If you type in Armchair Limited, you can, it'll pop up. Anyway, I asked, did you eat a, did you want eat around it? And he said, no, I just wanted to write her letters. Ah, okay. He was like more of like a, what do they call that Mother? Yeah. Someone called me that the other day and I was so flattered. So cool. Yeah. Yeah. Anyhow, so substance. Yeah. Like, she's so gorgeous and perfect. And so when she's starting to do go down this road where she's looking, Taking A substance, be younger. Yes. You're like, why you don't need to do this. Why are you doing this? Yeah. And, and then you see the young person and as a woman, and this is so sad as a woman, you're like, oh, like, I guess I kind of get it.


I like, I understand why she wants that. Yeah. It's so fucked up. It is so fucked up. What we do to aging women in this society. We really cast women aside. It's asymmetric for sure. Yeah. The way they shoot the men in the movie is hilarious. Yes. Yes. All fisheye. Disgusting. He's always eating shit. Oh God. Yeah. Yeah. It's falling out of his mouth. C substance. Yeah. C Substance. I wanna, we have facts, but also, and this is for Cynthia. She was incredible. Cynthia. Oh yeah. What a blast that was. I Have to tell you, any day now, I think we might get unplugged.


The sim is hitting new levels. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. Yesterday I was in Culver City. I am never in Culver City. Right. It was so random. It was kind of last minute. Yeah. Decided to go, Decided to go to Culver City last minute. Yes. What on earth was in Culver City? Jess is helping open a new restaurant. Okay. And I told him I would come see it. Be a patron. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. And, but I was like really on the fence. I didn't know if I was whatever. Yeah. And last minute I was like, I guess I'll go. I wanted to beat traffic, so I went early. I went at like this random time. Yeah. And I park, I'm just sitting in the car, I'm on the phone and I look over and Molly is staring at me through my car window.


Richard, Molly Richardson. Richard. Okay. Molly Richardson, Who also does not live in Culver City. No. Is never in Culver City. Yeah. Happened to be meeting a friend, nobody For lunch To Culver City. I know. Exactly. Happened to be meeting a friend for lunch there and like drove by, saw my car, saw my little, she said she saw my little head. Okay. Sure. That's what, and then parked. And what? That is so weird. It is very weird. Yes. We have listen, which is, it's so fine. We have complimentary things about that trigger us into the sim. Okay. So you have thi you have coincidences. Okay. Right. That's kind of your, what you don't ever miss.


Mine is more what's happening in my lifetime. This feels very suspicious. So my example, my recent sim moment was talking to my hormone doctor, telling him how, I mean this. We're just chatting. I'm, it's not like I'm asking him to deal with this. I'm just, somehow we're talking about getting older maybe. And I said, the thing that's fucking killing me is my eyesight. I find it so frustrating. And, and I know I'm being a baby, but I cannot stand not being able to fucking read anything that's not 25 feet away from me. Yeah. And he said, oh, I just got the bionic lenses put on. Right. And I go, what, what bionic lenses. And he said, I think Johnson and Johnson makes now an artificial lens that lasts forever.


That gives you perfect sight. Yeah. And I went, what, what are the odds I am gonna be, I'm not gonna have to deal with fucked up, declining vision. That's where we're at. That again, that feels awfully suspicious. Monica, for 300,000 years, humans have had to deal with their eyes going to shit. Yeah. And I might not have to. Yeah. Come on man. My final piece of the puzzle, or I'll go, okay. That's a sim I'm gonna sim is if they shut off aging. Right. If they end aging. I know. And you don't have to die. I know, I know. Until the earth blows up in 5 billion years. Maybe before that or sooner. But Yeah. But also you, you would still die by getting hit by a car and stuff.


You could still die by getting Yeah. I think we've, what we've really beat out all the things, if this would cause is you'd, I think you'd get abnormally fearful of accidental death. Yeah. You'd everyone become agoraphobic. You'd walk around with a big bubble wrap all over you. Yeah. So that to me, that's more what I'm tracking. Yeah. And I've always said this pe mostly people that believe in the sim have a abnormally lucky life. And that, and I own that. Yeah. But that's, if you're looking at the sim in the way you are looking at the sim, if you look at it in the coincidental way, that can also, that doesn't have to be privileged. That's just like, what the fuck is going on that I just said this or that I'm running into Molly that my, my neighbor of my house owns the apartment next door.


Like that's not That stuff. I, I acknowledge that stuff is very sim Yeah. But, but, but I do think that if you're, if you've had, you know, two people knock you up that lied and said they had vasectomies and you're in a trailer on welfare and you, if, if you do think it's a sim, I feel so bad for that per 'cause. Why would that person deserve that sim? Exactly. Why would they, they plugged into something to have that experience. So I don't think that person would ever think they're in a sim. 'cause why would they, what? Who would be in a sim That's fucking insufferable. Well, that's a fe Okay. It gets so heady. Because if we're, if my, if I'm in my sim The people that are suffering are fake.


Yeah. That's what we hope. I know. I know. I don't want anyone to suffer. I don't want any Me neither. Anyone that's in a sim should be having a fucking, but in Rollercoaster. But in their sim they are, This is very confusing. Well, TBD, Whatever. Also say, I think we might get unplugged soon. 'cause it's getting way it's That's so Crazy. Same bionic eyes. I mean, they just happened. Okay. Cynthia. Boy did I like her. That self-assuredness was, is so attractive to me. Very. Okay. Michaela Cole, we were talking about if she was younger or older. She is the same age. She's 37 as well. Okay. All of us were born in 87. All three of us.


Special year as we know. Special year. Seventh grade for me. Birth for you. A postpartum doula. You wanted to know what that was? Yeah. A trained professional who offers support to new parents during the postpartum period, which is the first six weeks after giving birth postpartum. Doulas can help with a variety of tasks, including physical care, helping with breastfeeding, infant feeding and infant soothing, emotional support, information, housework, incorporating older children. Oh. Helping to incorporate the older child Incorporating Yeah. Overnight shifts. She mentioned one of her heroes, Sicily Tyson.


And yes, it was, she was nominated for best actress in 1973 for sounder. Cicely Tyson was, I wasn't even here yet. No, you weren't. Still a few years away. Couple Years. Did you say 72 or 73? Three. Ugh. Two. Yeah. Okay. Your brother was here. 69. Ding ding ding. Erica Badu. Ah. I just wanted to 'cause you talk. You asked if she was late. Yeah. And I just wanna be clear this that's a thing with her. It's a thing that like she is late a lot. And so it's Cool. Although I Like It the queen's late. Like, you wait for the queen. Yeah. I, I agree. I just, for people who don't know that it seemed random that you would ask that. Yeah. But it's a thing like people ask like, what? Oh, she's gonna be a couple hours late.


Yeah. Yeah. Like, yeah. You said that your cousin told you that mathematically every song has already been created. That's not true. Oh, the number of possible sound combinations is essentially infinite. For example, Spotify, the world's largest music platform, has over a hundred million songs registered. And a hundred thousand new songs are added every day. Whoa. Whoa. Every day. That's What it says. A hundred thousand songs are added every day. That's what it says. Holy smokes. Yeah. So no, no, there's no, there's a infinite number of combinations. Okay. Essentially. All right. So you can tell your cousin, I'm not gonna tell him.


Okay. It sounds like a fun thing for him to hold on to. Okay. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, we talk about how in England they have things, we have things here that they don't have because we allow chemicals that they don't. Oh, Sure. Yeah. We play it l fast and loose. We do. But in 2023, about a year ago, California became the first state to ban four food additives linked to disease. What are they? The California Food Safety Act prohibits the manufacturing, distribution and sale of food and beverages that contain brominated vegetable oil. Oh, I love ruminated vegetable oil. Delicious. No you don't. I gotta move. Potassium bromate. Oh no. Okay. Propyl paraben. Well what about propofol And red dye three?


Red dye three is the big, the biggie. Yeah. Can be found in candy. Fruit juices and cookies And more. Cookie boy. Cookie Boy. Anyway, so that's good. How Are you doing on your cookie Boyness? When's the last time you had a cookie? I had a cookie at least two weeks ago. 'cause I had one at Sycamore Kitchen. Love Sigmar Kitchen. They have a rice crispy treat cookie. It's so insane. I just had an impulse. Okay. I'm gonna share with you, you know how I want to go back in my time machine and Woo. Your grandma so bad. Kill to do that. Yeah. I also wanna see you as a baby. 'cause now when I just asked you about cookies, of course you looked one years old when you started thinking about your cookies.


And so I wanna go back and see you as a baby eating a cookie. Oh, how hot. Like my first cookie. How hot was your grandma when you were a baby? Can I hit two birds with one stone? Yeah. She was beautiful. She Was gorgeous. How old was she when you were eating cookies? As a 1-year-old? She would've been. Okay, let's see. So my mom is 26 years. My senior, How old was She was probably 20. But isn't that your dad's mom? No. Oh, that's your mom's mom. Yeah. You didn't know that I don't know man. Oh my God. Yeah. I think of your, that that grandma feels very Indian. And I know that your mom's parents lived in Savannah From, they came from India.


They Came. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I don't know 'cause I, your, your dad of course feels so much more in like, he was an adult when he left India. Yeah, he was. So when I see a picture like that, I just, I'm in India. You are in India. She, congratulations. India. That one, right? Yeah. Okay. Okay. So she was probably in her late forties when I was born. So she was probably around your age that I was eating cookies. Oh wow. Okay. That's, I think this is gonna work. No I. Don't know. Yeah. No. My grandpa, He won't know. Alright, let me flip it. If you wanted to go back in time and give Papa Bob some ass, I love my grandma Yola to death.


I wouldn't do that to her. You haven't met her. But you love her. I love her so much. So why would I do that? Smartest, smartest person I ever knew. Because this is, this is A one-off time capsule for him. This is like, he doesn't even know if it was a dream the next day. 'cause you came into town Oh. And you were nowhere to be found because you went back to the future. Okay. Ding, ding, ding. Not a sponsor. Great movie. It's a one-off. There's no threat to the marriage. 'cause you return to the future. He can't fall in love with you and ruin everything. It's just a one off. You give Papa Bob a little tj. I would want that for him. I would want it for him. And my, my grandma didn't need to know. Mm.


And I would want Brad Pitt to go back and give Yuli the right of her life. Oh sure. Yeah. That one feels less. Why do we want that for her And not him? I know I don't know what to say. I what? We don't have a word for misogynist for men. What is it? We need that word. There's No such thing. There's no such thing. That's why It feels very mean to men. It feels mean to men that she gets Brad Pip. But Papa Bob can't have some. That's not Mean. Some tj, she isn't tj the grossest thing to Say. Yeah. You keep saying it. And I think it's just, There's a seventies rock song. He's like, I'm just looking for some tush. And Aaron, I used to sing. It's so grody. Okay, We're gonna get stereotypical here. Yeah, of course.


Women I think for the most part, Caveat, caveat, caveat, asterisk. Yeah. For the most part, their sex drive. They don't wanna have as much sex as men do as they age. As they get older. As things happen. Like, I mean for, it's actually for real. Your sex drive does Also, we have testosterone. That's like the, that's the sex fuel. Any anyone will tell you that. Well We have testosterone but not as much. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But yes. So, but with menopause and perimenopause, everything drops off. I know. 'cause I'm in perimenopause. You And so, so I think a lot of women are having sex with their husbands past the point of them wanting, we know this.


It's like the husbands are like, can we have sex once a week? And I have to like, sure. I Guess I think I think it's the predominant pattern pa. Exactly. Not always, But, but I do want to add, and this I think comes from, there's a ton of great work on this from social scientists like IRA's mom who studied infidelity. Oh yeah. Women cheat the same amount, but they are driven by novelty. This is like agreed upon. Women are driven by novelty and men are driven by sprain, unfortunately. So, you know, put that in your argument. This is kind of Known. It says, it says men are more likely to cheat than women. Okay. But like 51 to 49 or It's according to this is 20. These men are cheating with somebody. This is 2022.


Yeah. But they might be cheating on someone who's not with single in a partnership. Yeah. 20% of men and 13% of women admit admitted to cheating on their spouse. Okay. Again, then I'm just gotta, you know, I gotta do my thing. Which is like admitting culturally it's so much worse for a woman to admit it. It's so expected of men. Even you Even more Exactly. That's, this is all tying back into what I'm about to say, which is why it's not the same that if, if Grandma Yoli gets to have sex with Brad Pitt, it's not the same. Like You feel like it's Right. Writing the scales. Yes. I got you. Yes I do. Okay. So I imagine that, that this is don't hate me. Okay. If it's admitted 20% in 13%, I think the real numbers are probably like 35% for men and probably like 29% for women.


That's just what I think from the amount of adults I've known that have been married and the amount of affairs I know about and who they were with. That to me feels way more likely. I only, I only, I'm truly trying to think 'cause I don't wanna speak out of school, but in my experience, I don't know very many. But I personally only know really men Who have cheat on their lives. Girlfriends cheated on their boyfriends. Most of the, I know. Cheated on their Girl. Cheated on her boyfriend one. Well, lemme think, Lemme go through every woman I've ever known.


Okay. Well, I guess for me, I'm, I guess I'm thinking more marital. Yeah. Okay. Once people are married, I, in my experience, only know men who have cheated on their wives. I bet it's gone up to, since women joined the workforce. 'cause forever they were at home and they would interact with other women. And how, who the hell are they even gonna meet? Whereas like, men were meeting women out in their workplace all the time. Well, they weren't meeting women out in the workplace. Sure. They had had secret secretaries and all these roles that were conventionally f you know, females. Yeah, yeah. You know, like my Papa Bob worked at the Wonder Bed Bakery. Sure. Everyone in the bakery was men carrying bags of flower. But then up front there was all these women doing all kinds of stuff.


Right? Yeah. And any who, okay, so, Okay, Mexican music is, Hold on though. What? Oh wow. What? So I accept your full logic then why doesn't that apply to your sweet grandma? Why isn't she like my grandma Yoli? Wait, what Do you mean If you, okay. Brad Pitt having an Yeah. A night with Uli. Yeah. Useless eggshells named after Ulysses s Grant. Why wouldn't your grandma be entitled to a night with me? Because I, I don't want that for my grandfather. Oh, right. But it's okay for my grandfather. Which would make sense. You know what I mean. It makes sense for your grandfather. 'cause you said you want it. Yeah, I want Them. I don't want it. Okay. For them. All right, I'm moving On.


Okay. Tejano music is influenced significantly by Polka. You were right. That's it. That was everything. Well, lemme Just do one more double. Yep. All done. Final note. Not a spoiler. Loved Wicked. Oh, you gotta go see Wicked. Gotta You will. Everyone already will. Everyone's already seen it probably by now. But it is so good Popular. All right. I love you. Love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey. Hey, arm Cherry, quick question for you. Have you ever stopped to wonder who came up with that bottle of sriracha sitting in your fridge? Or why almost every house in America has a game of Monopoly stashed away somewhere? Well, this is Nick and this is Jack. And we just launched a brand new podcast called The Best Idea. Yet it's all about the surprising origin stories of the products you're obsessed with and the people who brought them to life. Like Super Mario, the bestselling video game character ever. He's only a thing because Nintendo couldn't get the rights to Popeye or Jack. How about McDonald's Happy Meal? Believe it or not, the Happy Meal was dreamed up by a mom in Guatemala every week on the best idea. Yet you'll discover the surprising stories behind the most viral products of all time while picking up real business insights along the way. We guarantee you'll be that person at your next dinner party. Drop in knowledge bombs at the table, follow the best idea yet on the Wonder App or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to the best idea yet early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.