
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert Experts On Expert. I'm David Shepherd. That's my Brother's name. I know. I'm Neil Padman. And you're Neil Padman. And today we have David Blaine, the world renowned magician and endurance artists. Yeah. You have probably seen one of his special Street Magic Real or Magic Beyond Magic. The Magic Way. And he has a new series out that is radical called Do Not Attempt on Nat Geo. It's out now and it's mind blowing. It gave me my palms and my hands were sweating during the whole Show. And you guys know I love magic. And we get, we get to see some David Blaine magic in real life.


He does magic for us. It was Shocking. It was insane. Yeah. The magic is just straight insane. I know. And so if you're listening, you're gonna hear X amount of this. Yes. And then if you wanna see the magic tricks, they'll be on YouTube. Yep. Because they're obviously visual. So please enjoy world renowned David Blaine.


We are supported by Quince. Something about the weather warming up makes you want to get outside and go somewhere new, doesn't it? It's the spring travel itch. Oh my gosh. It's Spring break is upon us. Whether you're in school or not, you should still take a spring trip. Yes. I'm taking the girls to Hawaii. If you've got spring break travel plans of your own, get where you're going in style by treating yourself to a first class quality suitcase at an economy price with Quince. Quince has premium luggage options and durable duffle bags to carry it all. We've told you before about how we love our apparel from Quince. So many cute things. The cashmere, it's so soft. Beautiful sweater. But also I have these knives from Quince. Oh. That are incredible. They do have really, really, really high-end products. They're the greatest. So you can get ready to head out with your quince luggage and stuff it with some fresh outfits from Quince and look amazing on your trip too. They've got it all. For your next trip, treat yourself to the lux upgrades you deserve from quince. Go to quince.com/dx for 365 day returns, plus free shipping on your order. That's QUI ce.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/dax.


We're supported by Addie Flibanserin, the little pink pill. Ask your doctor if the FDA approved little pink pill Addie is right for you. See full prescribing information, medication guide and boxed warning regarding severe low blood pressure and fainting in certain settings@ad.com slash pi or call 8 4 4 pink pill.


He's, We cut everything anybody doesn't want. We have no gotchas. That's how I am. By the way, every show that I do, I don't let anybody sign a release until they see the footage in the context of the show. Yeah. Approve it. And then I give That's smart. Their footage. Yeah. Because when I do the shows for abc, I don't want somebody to be on the show and not like what they did. Yeah.


We're not hard copy. That's Rare, by the way. Well, Joe Rogan doesn't cut anything. He wants it all to be hyper real. Sure. But when I did that and the blood, whenever they had to stop, 'cause the medics had, You did a trick on Rogan and it went sideways. Had him push the ice pick through the inside. Normally I go this way, pop blood everywhere. And they had to because it was a Medical emergency. Okay. Hold on. Oh my God. For the listener who can't visually see what you're saying. You had what A skewer. Yeah. An ice pick. When That happens, what is the range of emotion? That's The thing is it changes it from magic to now. It's like freak show. Yeah, yeah. Fine line. So I, I, I try to figure out the magical aspect of things. So I try to show it where there's no blood, no nothing.


And you say, how could that be possible? Yeah. How is it possible? I Figured that out through trial and error. So it started years and years ago where I would do acupuncture needles, but I would just go all the way through. I did scans of the hand so I could see where all the blood vessels were. And I started with the hand, I started to build scar tissue. So I started switching locations and I started going through the bicep. And what I realized is if you give it time, the blood coagulates, if you give it enough time, you can heal it before it even comes out. And there's nothing. It's about time and about pain control and about relaxation and not freaking out over the pain. That's the interesting aspect for me. Yeah. The Control of it. Of Course. The mental control. Yeah. It's All about control. That's the fun part.


That's wild. One of the most difficult episodes in the new show I did is India, it's the most difficult to watch because they show the suffering. 'cause then the people will give more because they say, oh, he's really doing it Often. In the case of the Sikhs, you do, this is a demonstration to God. It's an offering. So if you're suffering, it's even more. It's also showing that we don't live by the flesh. We live by the spirit. That's why they do that. They desecrate. So yes, that's part of the reason, but therefore they like to show the blood. And for me, I was watching them do this and it changed my whole idea of what I do. I'm like, Oh my God, I don't want to traumatize you. It was so hard for me to accept that I stopped them from doing what they do. And he's like, this is what I love doing.


Wow. This is my guru taught me. He, this is my passion. I was obsessed with this guy Deepak, who's a circus performer, but his guru taught him how to break bottles over his head. How to dive on mounds of Glass. Oh, Monica, you can't imagine watching. Watching. It's one of the hardest things I've ever watched. It's a mound of glass, Of broken bottles. Like you dumped out a 55 gallon trash can that much glass. Oh God. He's walking on it. Dancing on it. Then he is up in the air body slamming on top of it all. But then he is just Getting cut and bleeding. No, it's surface. So this is the episode I do not recommend, by the way, because It's so different. I mean, for people that like to watch scary things in North. Sure. You could watch the beginning, but it starts to become really, whoa.


I wanted to go find the undercurrent. Yeah. The things that are really driving what I'm most fascinated by, which is the ability to control pain with your mind. The ability to override what the body's capable of. And they find these secrets that they pass down for generations. We're gonna go all the way back though. We're gonna go back to Brooklyn. Okay. We're gonna go back to mom and dad. Brooklyn 1973 started in East Flatbush. We moved to park soap, but park soap during that time, it was nice buildings. It was a beautiful, but it was a dangerous area at the same time. What did mom do to support you? Your parents were divorced? Yeah. Single Mother, biological father. She stayed away from, he was messed up from the war. Vietnam.


Okay. Yeah, he was a minority. So you got drafted and there was no way out. He was Puerto Rican. And I think what happens is in order to get somebody to go into these combat zones, they take morph. They take whatever they get from the infirmaries. When he came back, it was so difficult 'cause he was hooked. Yeah. Yeah. So he started with heroin and then my mother waited for him. She was pregnant, but it was just too difficult. He would wake up with these nightmares. So that ended between them. What Age were you? He disappeared when she told him she was pregnant. Okay. Then right when she was about to give birth, he showed up in the hospital, said, I don't love you anymore. I'd love another woman. Goodbye. Oh my God, What a place to present. Yeah. But my mother gave me everything. I had the best childhood a kid could dream for.


But by everything I mean love or walks through the park or take me to libraries or museums or bring me to Coney Island where I would see those freak performers. We'd go into the aquarium, I'd play with all those different creatures that they have. But really I would go and I was fascinated. And anytime I saw a magician, she would let me just stop and watch. And I started doing magic when I was about five or six. And I would do tricks to her in the library 'cause I'd wait for her to pick me up there. I was at PS two 30 and she worked a few jobs. So sometimes I would take the subway alone to the school then back. And I love taking a subway at six years old. Yep. In in Brooklyn in 82. Yes. By the way, I knew what I was doing. You just two stops, you got off. I walked to PS two 30, got back then I would go to the library that was right there, a block away.


And then I would wait for her. I say this story over and over, so it's kind of redundant. But my mother gave me a deck of cards around that age. I would carry everywhere that I went. And I loved how it felt. Still, I can tell when I'm watching you, there are moments in the show where you're interacting with folks and putting on shows. But yeah, you holding a deck of cards to me is like me and a cigarette. I can tell it's just this little safety blanket. That's Right. To this day, I fall asleep with cards and wake up with them stuck to my face. Yeah, yeah. It's never stopped. Wow. It's like you're lovey. Yeah. But back then, only at the one deck. So I cherish that deck. Do you Still have it? No. Oh, that would be cool. We had a bunch of fires back then in Brooklyn. So we lost. What Was she doing for a living? She was a teacher. She was a social worker.


She worked as a waitress. And what generation was she? She was second generation. Her family came from Odessa. They moved to Scarsdale. She grew up with a very privileged life, but she left everything behind when she was 18 and just did everything on her own, put herself through school, worked really hard and education was first and foremost. But the most important thing to her was the encouragement, the love, the support. So it was specific to magic for me. But anything that I do is like the most amazing thing she's ever seen. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well you have a child, you can relate. Yes. Who were you in school? Like what kid were you? Up until we moved to New Jersey, and even in the beginning of New Jersey, it was that nerdy but funny, weird kid.


And I think lots of my friends that are magicians were like the kind of people that weren't fitting in. And I wasn't able to throw the footballs and the baseball. But you know, I was like the kid that could throw the playing cards, but nobody knew I did magic secret. But you kept it as secret than my two best friends. Secret. Because You were embarrassed. Well, I'm lucky that I did it that way. 'cause kids are a tough audience. I have so many friends that are magicians that stopped for many years because they did it to other kids and the kids were mean and they felt terrible. So they never did it again. What happens is when you're young and you're doing magic, it's easy to get caught 'cause you're learning. Right, Right, right. So they just wanna bust you. So somebody got busted with a thing that was like a little whatever string. And after that, after we got busted, he was so embarrassed that he like stopped doing it.


So I was lucky that I only did it to my mother and all of her friends. Yeah. And they were kind of hippies in the late seventies, so all her reactions were just running away laughing. It was the greatest thing ever. And then what happens when you go to New Jersey? You start a new high school? Well, I went there when I was nine. Oh. What's funny is in Brooklyn it was a different kind of tough, but in New Jersey, the kids were actually tough. One of the kids would walk all winter long in a t-shirt. And I was obsessed with that idea. Yeah, yeah. So I would kind of mimic that and take it to the next. So I started learning these weird skills that somehow connected to magic for me specifically. Yeah, I was gonna say, 'cause what your work ended up being is this weird hybrid of magic. And then these different endurance challenges.


Those are two different avenues that you combine very successfully. But the part I'm really interested in is the kind of overcoming the body, quieting the mind, forcing yourself to endure something that you otherwise wouldn't choose to. And I'm curious if you have a story or a theory on why you needed to demonstrate that was possible. I have to say, I think it all began just from holding my breath. I was on the swim team at the YMC in Brooklyn around six, seven. And I was born, my feet turned in. So I couldn't swim fast. I couldn't run fast. But what I could do is eventually I learned to not turn my head while swimming so I could hold my breath longer and longer.


The coach would say, don't do that. You need to breathe. But I was making up on time. So I kept doing it and then the kids started to watch. 'cause I was able to do multiple laps. And then I would challenge the older kids. 'cause they would be like, you gotta see if you can beat them. And I would just hold the ladder and standard water holding my breath. And I didn't realize back then that the mechanism of just remaining still and calm and overriding that feeling is the success to breath holding. Because really the other kids, I'd let them go up and down. They would go up and down five times. But the up and down, and that doesn't help. Right. It's counterproductive because You're panicking. It's just not efficient. If you get trapped under a wave, the best thing to do is to just relax and wait it out.


Your body's very capable. Wow. Right. But if you stress and you fight, it's like even if you're getting sucked up by a current, you don't fight the current 'cause you're never gonna beat the current. You just relax and conserve energy and go with it. And eventually you'll find the way out of the current. So you were getting validation at an early age from that? It felt good to be able to do something that it was my own thing. 'cause I couldn't compete at the other thing successfully. So I think that was the beginning of the love of endurance. Then studying Houdini and his thing was escapes, obviously that was his specific thing. And he was amazing at it. But I felt like what I was good at was endurance. And I was like, how can I? And then the first stunt led directly into it. I was Buried Alive for a Week.


And we're gonna talk about it. When do you become aware of Houdini and do you go on an immediate rabbit hole and read about him? Are you immediately obsessed with him? Yeah, but it Started in the library. The same place that I started working on card tricks with the librarian that showed me a book of simple magic. I saw a book with Houdini, looked at the pictures, and I remember falling asleep. And immediately while I was sleeping, I kept seeing this guy chain to a building staring at me. It basically sunk into my mind without realizing and understanding. Well, I just loved the images that he was creating. I can see those same images in my head. Right. Him with these fucking iron shackles and all that stuff. That was very punk rock. And I'm like, okay, that guy's a stud. There's something really cool and dangerous about that guy.


And where did it go and what's the history like? Was he standard for that day or was he an enigma? No, he was an enigma now and in an assignment and at all times he was incredible. But what you're saying is relevant. The things that he left behind were real so real to the point that he collapsed after doing the breath hold on stage and was rushed to a hospital where he died. Do we not accept that it was from the punch the two days before Toronto? Maybe. We don't know. We with the kids in his dressing. It was possible he Died in Detroit. Right? Yeah. But he shouldn't have done the breath hold. He was immense pain. But he didn't wanna let his audience down. So he did the show. He did the upside down breath hold when he came out, collapsed on the stage, was rushed to a hospital and then died in the hospital a few days later. One eight on Halloween. He was 52.


Oh, That's pretty good. That's so young. That's not Good. No, no, No. What year was he? What was he operating in the thirties? 1926 is when he died. Okay. Doing these crazy tricks in 1926. Underwater tanks class. Just the way things were made back then. They didn't 3D print anything. That was good. He was risking his life. That's true. And he was pushing himself. Yeah. If you had said he died at 31, I'd be like, yeah, it sounds about right. With the life he was living. Yeah. I see what you're saying. And since he didn't have kids. Sure. Once you have kids, you start reconsidering, oh wait, I don't wanna kill myself doing something crazy. Right. It's like, I'm not gonna do that. Okay.


So Houdini's obviously, and I'm sure you're not unique in magicians, that were obsessed with him even if You don't love the stunts or his magic. 'cause he was a card magician. He was a magician. He had a magic show. Lots of magicians were against him in his day. Yeah. So he is not a good magician, but I would say he was more like the Greatest showman. He was doing the Ilion, the Dime Circus. That's how he built his skills. But he is the Mick Jagger or the Paul Newman of Magicians. Right. My favorite movie is Cole, him Luke. There you go. Mean this is a guy who just somehow reeked being cool. And am I missing a bunch of cool magicians between Houdini and you? Oh Yeah. First of all, there's a guy named Chin Canasta. He would go and talk shows like the biggest ones in London.


And he would just take these incredible risks just gambling on what people were gonna say. He was using psychology magic. He was doing the same kind of risk taking that a guy like Houdini was. But it wasn't dangerous. But it was still putting it all out there. There was another guy named Mac Norton who I was inspired by. He was like the human regurgitator. He was a human aquarium. He could put fish and frogs and they'd live inside. How long Can a fish or a frog live? He Would do it in front of things, drink and then come out. I'm just the testing process for these To trial and error. You're just laying there and like, I think I'm going to be this person now, so I'm gonna swallow a fish tonight and see what happens. That is abnormal And had to never injure a fish.


Let's be honest, a few went down in the I with fraud and I've never injured one. I believe you. Not one. Okay. So you also, in your head, you just thought, I'm gonna try this. No, what fascinated me was Harry Houdini wrote about it in his book, miracle Mongers, which is kind of the impetus for this entire show. It's the idea of searching for these incredible people around the world that have these amazing secrets. Some are real, some are magic. But just exploring that. And what fascinated me about Mac Norton, specifically the human aquarium, was Houdini had taught build with him and they were on tour together and Houdini said that this must be for real. And I was thinking, there's no way this guy was gonna fool Houdini.


And he knew all the sight of hand and everything else. So I believed it was real, but there was no way to figure out how to do it. But I was thinking, there's also a piranhas Bosch painting from hundreds of years ago, a conjure it's called. But in it, there's a man watching and there's a frog coming out of his mouth. No one had ever done that. But I started thinking if a frog could just appear without drinking the water with the frogs and putting it out, which is what the human aquarium did, if it could just appear, that's the closest thing to real magic. So I went into studying the physiology of the body, learning how to swallow swords or how to swallow bingo balls. Learning how to eliminate the acid from the stomach, not eating for a certain amount of time, putting a gallon of water in the stomach, holding it what temperature, and then figuring out how to have frogs stay at the very top.


So your Approach was to introduce yourself, be in front of someone for a minute before the frog came out? No, for hours. Hours. When I did the scene with Drake, Dave Chappelle and Steph Curry, I was doing magic and everything else to them. And I had You had a frog. A frog in your throat? Literally, no, I had three frogs and also a gallon of water, which is very uncomfortable. Oh my God. In this show, I went to Japan and met Kohi, who puts six leaders. So is that the Hot dog champion? Yep. Six of these in his stomach in less than a minute. Oh. It's the most painful thing of everything that I do in any of my shows, including breath holding for 10 minutes, including, so my mouse, that's the most difficult part. And it's a part nobody even thinks about.


Right. Drinking six Liters of water. He has to do that to stretch his stomach out so he could fit. Oh, All those hot dogs. That's Right. Oh my God. Okay. So you leave New Jersey as quick as you can. No, I left when I was 18 years old and just started working. And you went back to Manhattan? Yeah. So when did you have an actual routine and what version of magic were you doing at the beginning? I went to the neighborhood Playhouse and I sat with this incredible teacher, Richard Pinter. There was that Robert Houdin quote that Orson Wells is a magician as an actor playing the part of a magician. And in the class I would do these magic exercises and I would do them in a very typical, magical way where I would do the patter of the trick. Yeah. 'cause they almost come with a script, Kind of.


I was more along those lines. And he's like, really read that. And when I started to read it, I realized how ridiculous. And I just broke into a puddle of tears of laughter. So then I started to do magic with my own Personality. Yeah. 'cause I was like, if somebody could take this and change it into something, it wouldn't be like, watch me. They kind of stutter and then it would change. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I think it takes a lot of confidence for you, a young guy to go, okay, I'm gonna do this kind of dry monotone, not showy. The thing I thought was corny. You're not looking around and seeing that version working. I was Working at restaurants, I was doing magic to everybody. I started to understand the strongest way to communicate with simple closeup magic. And what I loved to watch was the way people reacted.


And the less I would force, the more their reactions would be. So I kind of obsessed over the reactions. Can you relate to a flasher? I remember learning that flashers, what the kink is is seeing the person's face. Do you know that about flashers? No, I don't. Yeahing isn't like necessarily that they're dying for someone to see their penis. It's more they're into the reaction. That's their kink. The Shock on the the face is what they're after. Yeah. There's people that just run around and flash people. Yeah. News is huge. In the Seventies, I guess when I was in the box in London, I had sometimes women would do that to me. Oh, Sure, sure, sure. I gotta earmark that too. I mean, people went nuts with that box. Well, actually the media painted the incidents that were relevant to the story.


People would come and they're like, where's all the action? And when they'd come, there was like, no, there was, I'd say like 99.9% of the entire time was just amazing people. But then you'd get that one egg thrown at the, but it was actually helpful to me because all of a sudden it would become about getting that thing off. Then four hours were gone. People might not know. And I want to do a big thing on it. But yes, that one is called Above the Below. Yeah. Harmony. 44 days and a seven by seven by three plexiglass box. Yeah, that's Right. I Wanna go through each of those. Yeah. So you started, you didn't have a period where you were trying to do really showy, jokey, any of that? No, but when I was 18, I went up in a comedy club where my friend was performing, convinced me to do magic on stage.


And I did a trick. It went terribly wrong. Oh. And I didn't get back on stage at all until I was like 30. And I kept doing magic. Not on a stage was No way. You Had what the kids have in the Elementary school, right? That's right. Yeah. Yes. And how were you making a living? Like how does a magician make a living? In 1995, I was doing all the fancy restaurants. I'd go in and at first I was a waiter and everybody would come back just to watch. And they would try to leave a really good tip. And I'd say, no, no, no. Tip me a normal tip, but come back. So they'd come back to see me do magic. That's when I was like 18. And then I started just working the restaurants up on Lower Park Avenue. Oh, so restaurants would hire you to walk through the Restaurant? No, I'd walk into the restaurant and I would do magic to the staff, to the manager.


Be like, can I do magic to the tables? And I won't ask for anything, but if they wanted it me, they can. And that was actually very good. But really what happened was I would get booked to do private gigs off of that. I asked because in LA you have the Magic Castle. So people go there and then they might love a magician, and then they know to ask that person to come to a party. I'm just wondering how one, if you're wandering around Manhattan, I guess it's just word of mouth. Back Then. I had a really cool business card. Oh great. It had the definite magic on the back of it. It was all black with eyes on it. And I would run into people years later that would pull it outta their wallet and say, look, I still have this in my wallet. And then people would call me to try to book me. And then they would say how much I would say the price and be, oh, that's too high. And I'd say, go get a deck of cards. Then they'd get a deck of cards.


I'd do magic to them over the phone. They say, okay, you're hired. Oh, Really? But then I had the idea for the show. So I ran around and shot me doing magic to people all over the streets of New York. Okay. So you do Streets of Magic in 97 and then you do another special the following year in 98. Magic Man. Yeah. And that's still card tricks and stuff. We're not doing anything endurance wise yet. Leading into the airing of it is when I buried myself alive. Okay. So how do you decide to transition from the kind of magic you were doing to doing Buried Alive? I went in kind of unknown and came out and there was this incredible reaction to it, which was crazy. A dear friend of mine who has a great library of magic, I was living behind his library of magic in a pantry room.


And one day he opened up a book Jadu, which is about the Indian F Kiers. And he showed me a stunt where a guy was Buried Alive. And I knew Harry Houdini wanted to do the Buried Alive stump. But he had died before he had a chance to do it. He had done another version, but I was like, oh, this is interesting, but nobody's gonna believe it. And my friend Bill, who's a great magics, she said, we should bury you, sneak you out, do it in Central Park. Then a month later we'll sneak you back in. I was like, no, it has to be real. Oh, Right, Right. Yeah. So I was like, we're gonna do it underwater so everything is visible. And I fought with him about it. 'cause he is a magic purist. And lots of my magician friends would fight me on the sun. Like, who cares about these stunts? There's nothing magic. Yeah, right. When you jump off the pillow, you need need to disappear and end up in the bottom and then appear back up top.


And I was like, no, but that's not fun. It's an illusion that you spend money, build it. So I was like, I'd rather just really bury myself. And eventually I buried myself alive. And how does one train, We went to the cemetery where Houdini was buried, which is out in Queens. They sold caskets there. So we bought a coffin and we brought it back to his apartment, put it in the living room. And I would just practice. How long could I go? And what I really became obsessed with, which I had always practiced as a kid, was fasting. When you remove everything, your brain starts to change and things become much more meaningful that you would normally just ignore. So you become more sensitive to colors, emotion to everything. And it's kind of amazing. Okay. So you're in this plastic box under three tons of water for seven days.


And is the fasting, because my first question of course is how do you poop? Yeah, you can't. Oh yeah. So you have to fast for a week before, so I had a trucker's tube, it's called what truck drivers that would go Long Distance have. And then since I wasn't eating, didn't have to go poop. Right, Okay. Even in the 44 days, I had the same setup and it was fine, except that my stomach shut down and afterwards recovery was terrible. Did it start getting attention day one or when did it start getting massive attention? And did you have a goal of how many days you went? I Went in for my birthday and then came out a week later basically. So I set the time, which was seven days. Seven nights. I think what happened was lots of magicians were so against it and they were saying, oh, this is all a hologram. It's not real. He's not really doing it.


I remember the amazing, Randy went on entertaining tonight. So he said, trickster is not real. There's no way he is doing it. So people would show up, firemen and people, they'd shine lasers at me. And then it's like, what are you doing? Because the laser wasn't going through. It was me. And then I would wave and then they'd wave back. But what happened was that magician, Randy, they flew him to New York and he looked at it and he went, yeah, it's real. So then the vibe on it shifted to, oh wow, this is a guy that's really doing something. Was that like Day four? Yeah, I think that's when I became aware of you. I would've been 22. And I'm like, what a dude that hit my radar. So it was in a Tank. I was in a coffin and it was buried, I would guess like nine feet deep. And then three feet above me there was a see-through plexi water tank and that was six feet deep.


So when you look through the water, I was there right below it. And then there was air pumping in and out. That was my big concern was what if the air supply something goes wrong for sure. Right. Yeah. But we had a very good team and they were in charge and careful. And did you self-fund that? Jimmy Nederlander, who is a Broadway producer that I'm still close to him when I do a show, he will be the producer of it. He backed it. Oh, How does one monetize this? I haven't monetized any of the stunts ever. Only the ones that are on tv. No, Those costs more than the budget. I always lose off of all the stunts. I usually have to work and do gigs like the next year to pay back the money. Ah, Interesting. No, no. I never monetize them. I wasn't accusing you of it. Now I don't advertise it and say I don't monetize 'em.


But even when I do like the balloons, I say, I don't want a penny. I look at them as like performative. 'cause when I was a kid, I was so struck by strong visuals. Like the balloons, for example, I always imagined if I was a kid and I was at PS two 30 and I saw a guy flying over my head on a rig of balloons. Yeah. It would make my brain go crazy. Well, that's the dream. When you hold a helium balloon, your next thought is, how many would I have to hold before it lifted me off the ground? That's Right. So the next is in 2000, frozen in time. This is a fail, but it's a hysterically successful fail, which is you were going to go for 72 hours in case in a block of ice, but you made it 63 hours and 42 Minutes. Well, we started late. That was the issue.


Everything was not right. So it delayed the start time. This was maybe the most difficult recovery After you got out of there. My training was, I'd sit in ice baths and see if I could endure that. And then I would go into ice lockers and niac and I would stay in them for as long as it was always difficult. But I was like, okay, I can do this. It's gonna be ice around me. It'll have the igloo effect. It was a warm November. So the air pumping through was 68 degrees. So I was like, this is no problem. And I was completely wrong. That's a stunt that to this day messed me up the most and I could never ever redo that one. So What Went wrong? It wasn't just the standing, it's like the constant radiation of the cold from the ice that you don't think about standing in one place, the edema that occurs.


So everything swells. Oh yeah. No sleep. And the hallucination started kicking really hard and it became a living nightmare. And to this day it was the most difficult stunt that I've ever done. Then there was the drip of the cold. Yeah. It's Like water boarding. Yeah. Ugh. How hard was it for you to surrender? No, I didn't surrender. 'cause the goal was to finish. We went live on A, B, C and they were gonna break you out at the end. My original idea was I'm gonna break myself out, which was ridiculous. So they cut in with a chainsaw. We had made it almost to the end. The vision of the stunt was something that I thought was gonna be much better. Of course. So you didn't have to signal them like, I'm not making it 72. It was on a schedule. No, everybody there that knew me started saying, you have to cut him out now.


'cause I was tripping out of my mind. But when they started going through the ice with the chainsaw, I started grabbing at it. Oh no. Yeah, because I didn't know what it was. My brain, I was out of it. And that's has to be from the temperature because you've spent that much time by yourself. It's the combination of the extreme environment. The standing up, no sleep. Did you catch yourself falling asleep? No, you can't. 'cause if you fall into the ice, your face will freeze. You could frost bite. That would be a disaster. So no, I stayed awake. That was hard. Did you fall asleep when you were Buried Alive? Yeah. I'd wake up and I wouldn't even know I was there. Yeah, I thought it was on like a boat in the middle of the ocean sometimes. Why? Okay. Vertigo. This one's really nuts.


You stood on a hundred foot high pillar, Like 90 foot. But yeah, Just under two feet wide without a harness. They had the things that could go up and down though. So there's those handles. If it got windy, I had stability, but I could have easily had something go wrong. And at the end I started to hallucinate really hard again. So I was supposed to jump into this little bit of boxes because they were so worried that I was hallucinating. 'cause I thought the buildings behind me were shaped like animal heads. But they were just New York City buildings. Yeah, Yeah. There's some gargoyles. So they started to build the boxes really high and as close to me as possible, thinking that I was gonna fall off wrong. Yeah, you were standing for 35 hours a day and a half.


The big problem with that one actually was my dear friend James Purse. The designer. Yeah. Oh, we love James Purse. Yeah, he amazing. You want an extra Strong t-shirt that was extra Off. He made me something really cool. This hoodie with this design, what I wasn't prepared for. 'cause it was the end of May in New York City. It was 39 degree nighttime. So now you're again battling the cold. Oh my God. And you're standing up there shivering the whole thing. So your energy is just depleting quickly. So that's something I wasn't prepared for. So I think that's what threw that one off for me, is just I took a beating that I wasn't ready for. And did you ever find yourself wobbly? No. If there was any time of wobble, those things grabbed would just come up.


Yeah. This is a dumb question, but are you scared up there? No. So I lived on 11th Street and fifth at the time, and I would just stand up on the corner of my building and I would put like a flower pot upside down on the edge of the building. Oh my God. I would just stand there. Lots of times in the beginning an ambulance would show up or the fire door. Yeah, of course. But then they knew it was me and I wasn't gonna fall off or job. But that's how I trained myself. So I just changed my brain. So whether it's up there or down here, it's the same. Like if I said to you, you have to stand here for three, six hours or you will die. You're gonna do it. You'll figure it out. Well now That I have kids, but I might have given up before. No You wouldn't. Training. You trained yourself in just 160 feet up, stood there and looked down and made yourself comfortable that you could rewire your brain.


And that's part of the thing that I love about all these challenges is you do learn to rewire your physiology or your brain or the way you think about things from a wiring point of view. So that's why they say when you're looking out of an airplane, you're not afraid. But when you stand on the edge of a building, you're afraid it's because your hard wiring is like, you know this height, standing on a cliff, looking down. You understand it. My Analogy is like I've skydived and it's not scary. Bungee cord is very scary. 'cause you can see the ground and you decide to dive at it. Your brain understands those heights. Yeah. But through evolution, we were never up 30,000 feet. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Addie. Addie. That's that little pink pill, right? Oh, it sure is. Addie is the number one doctor prescribed FDA approved treatment to get this increase women's sex drive in certain premenopausal women who are bothered by low libido. This Is very important, which Brings up a really interesting conversation. What do women want out of sex? I mean, it's different from men, right? Well, I'm not a man, so I guess I can't really speak to that. But for women it's definitely about pleasure and orgasms of course. But it's really more about the intimacy. Like Being really excited about the person. Yes, totally. Yes. Be so into someone that you're like, let's do this, I want this. That's a good feeling. Well, Apparently there's a lot of women out there who struggle with low libido, but there's not enough honest conversation about it. Yeah. And women should know that there are options out there and we shouldn't be embarrassed to talk about it and get help. No way. It's your life. You deserve this. If you wanna learn more and get back to feeling like yourself, go to addie.com. That's A DDY i.com. Addie or Banin is for premenopausal Women with acquired generalized hypoactive sexual desire disorder, HSDD, who have not had problems with low sexual desire in the past, who have low sexual desire. No matter the type of sexual activity, the situation or the sexual partner. This low sexual desire is troubling to them and is not due to a medical or mental health problem. Problems in the relationship or medicine or other drug use. ADDIE is not for use in children, men, or to enhance sexual performance. Your risk of severe low blood pressure and fainting is increased. If you drink one to two standard alcohol drinks close in time to your ADDIE dose, wait at least two hours after drinking, before taking ADDIE at bedtime. This risk increases if you take certain prescriptions, OTC or herbal medications or have liver problems and can happen when you take ADDIE without alcohol. Or other medicines. Do not take if you're allergic to any of Addie's ingredients. Allergic reactions may include hives, itching, or trouble breathing. Sometimes serious sleepiness can occur. Common side effects include dizziness, nausea, tiredness, difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep and dry mouth. CFO, PIM medication guide, including box warning@addie.com slash pi.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know to check that you took your allergy pill first before you go to the botanical garden. Like you know to make sure that cute coat you bought is waterproof first before you wear it outside on a rainy day or checking that a potential partner is an arm cherry checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


We are supported by Macy's. Mother's Day is next month devoted arm shares. Note that I adore and love my mom, my sweet, sweet mother. Her episode's one of our most popular ever and we have to get her back on the show soon. So it's important to make moms feel like the stars. They are on Mother's Day, but moms can be so hard to shop for because it can seem like they already have everything they need. Not true. If you're not sure what to get your mom this year, Macy's is a one-stop shop to find a gift that will make your mom smile. Macy's has a great selection of clothing, no matter your mom's style. They've got tons of options that'll look great on her from brands like Calvin Klein, Levi's and Charter Club. And if your mom's into cooking, Macy's has state-of-the-art kitchen appliances from Cuisinart all clad and more that will upgrade the recipes she's been wanting to try. Another favorite buy mom. Something luxe that she might not think to buy herself. Maybe a signature perfume. That's what I love getting my mom designer cosmetics or even some new jewelry. I'm going the cooking route this year. You can't lose. I hope she doesn't list. She doesn't listen to this, so that's fine. Yeah, but they have such good products. I love all Clad. Me too. Yeah. Shop now at macy's dot com or in store.


We are supported by Boar's Head. If you're a sandwich lover, you know Boars Head, they've been dedicated to crafting premium deli meats and cheese for more than 120 years. Boars Head uses only the finest ingredients in time. Honored recipes, preparing every product with care. You can really taste the difference. You know, when I was taking the bus home from Nashville, just put a big pile of Boar's head right next to my driver's seat and I just munched on some ham and some Turkey. The whole Ride. Oh, I love the oven. Gold Turkey. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. So good. It is. It's making me starving. I want it right now. Okay, Well let's stop and get you some Boar's Head. Make your ultimate sandwich today with Boar's Head. Head to your local Boar's Head deli to discover the craftsmanship behind every bike.


What is happening in the internal narrative? 'cause this is my assumption, is there is a dedication to doing something novel and unique that no one can do. And I'm gonna prove it. What is the identity piece of all this? So I think for me it starts from a visual because I was struck by those visuals of Houdini when I was a kid, liked standing on that pillar. I was with Gao, sir at a cafe and he is like, oh, look at that pole right out there. That's kind of cool looking. And right at that moment a bird landed on top of it and I was like, oh, that's gotta be my next thing. Yeah. And then I obsessed over that idea of just like a tall column. And then I started researching and I found Simeon and all the Pillar saints and all the people that lived up on the pillars and I became obsessed with.


But then the fun part for me was learning how to jump. 'cause you start at five feet, then 10 feet constantly trying to learn new things, challenge myself and override the inherent fears that we have. I think that's part of the thing that I love. But Again, do you like it because you go like there's an infinite possibility that I'm discovering. Is there a freedom of, oh, I think I have these limits, but in fact I have a much more infinite scope. Can you articulate what the joy is? Part of that is proving that we are capable of more than we think. I think even to be drawn to magic, you kind of want more outta life. You want life to be magical and you want it to have more out there than just presented to you.


You're like starving for more. As you're saying all this, I'm seeing stranger in a strange land over your head, which is funny. And then above that is brave not perfect. All these titles are great. Oh no, don't get any ideas from this room. No, no, no. But I think it's much more simple than that for learning magic. It was just, I loved how cards felt in my hands and then I loved how I could change the course of my mother's day with a simple trick. The endurance thing was just being able to override and do something that was unique to me. Once I started to come up with these, how do I make this into a visual? How do I make this into something striking? That was where the love of performance are. I intersecting with magic was exciting. Even for the series.


I said, only give me ideas that when you say them, it's gonna make me uncomfortable. I want to do things that make me uncomfortable. I wanna learn. I want to break the comfort zone because I related to you a ton. Again, I'm projecting, but I'm watching you watch a guy break a bottle on his head and I can see in your face you're like, fuck, I don't wanna do this. That's right. And I'm gonna have to do this 'cause I can't not do this. Now that I know it can be done. I understood that there's a technique, but I also understood that there's a great risk to this. Yes. And I also understood that you could easily slice your eye, you could do anything. And then normally I have a learning curve. Yeah. I'm like, well I don't really have a learning curve. Everything was happening quickly during the last year of filming.


And I was like, can I do it? And at that moment, my daughter called and when she called somebody's holding my phone, I was like, yeah, I'm not doing this. But I still couldn't get outta my mind because the way he does it just makes no sense to me. It's so fucking disturbing. I want to add, he started with some water bottles and you're like, okay. But then he goes to a fucking square whiskey bottle and I'm like, this is nuts. I would watch it over and over and try to understand how does this make sense? 'cause it's so counterintuitive. So it was something that wouldn't leave my mind. So then is it more not about bravery, is it about intelligence? Are you like, you're smart enough to figure this out?


Figure this out? That's such a good question. I think it has to do with, it's an idea that just gets stuck in my head and then I can't get it out. It's like a OCD thing. Yes. Thank you. That's more we we got there. So It's not that Deep. It's obsessive compulsion. Yes. It's an idea. Gets stuck in my head and I'm trying to work out the mechanics of it. I'm trying to understand it. That makes sense. I needed an explanation. Thank you. I Don't think it's a bravo type of thing. I think it's more internal. Yeah. There's an angst until that is solved. Yeah. Do you feel relief when you're done with one of those? Or do you feel elation? Ooh, I just love Deepak so much that I was so happy to let him teach. Teach me something. But I, I mean like the burial things you've completed yourself when you're done, when they let you out of the ice.


Well I guess your brain is kind of fucked up, but is the feeling relief or is it Yes, I did it. It's never a yes, I did it. Yeah, that's true. Do You get peace from it? I had this obsession. That's a really Good question. I've now done it and now I have peace until I think of the next idea. Well, no, but they're not all based on that obsession. One time it's like, oh, 15 minutes one time, 20 minutes and two seconds. Underwater heartbeat was eight beats per minute. They had telemetry on me. So it was like this fascination with what's possible. Some of it is that some of it is an idea gets stuck in my head. Some of it is just the visuals is so compelling that I just wanna do that. The pole one is interesting 'cause I once saw in Australia on a trip, an orangutan. They just put telephone poles up for them to play on.


And these big orangutans that we just sit at the very top and they were so peaceful and it is such an disturbing image. Oh my God, that thing likes being 60 feet in The air. Right. And it's very memorable and terrifying to a terrestrial creature like us. Also, when you're up there, there's a stillness now all of a sudden and there's no phones, there's no distractions, there's no food, there's nothing about when I'm going to eat. So suddenly you're kind of like still present. You're present, you feel everything. You see the sun go all the way across the sky. You see things that you would never normally stop and pay attention to. And they're amazing. There's so many different things that drive for each individual thing.


But to Monica's question, I think I have a bit of an answer and which is, again, this is what I always say that I love about the track on a motorcycle, your mind can't wander if it thinks of something else for one second you'll go off. And so my addiction to it is just, I go for eight hours, they're 20 minute sessions and I cobble together like four hours of being dead present, which is so rare for me. My brain is so fucking busy. Right. So I'm imagining maybe there's also this relief from maybe a noisy brain otherwise, Or it's a heightened sense of awareness and That can be very pleasurable. Yeah. People when they're getting into accidents, they say they see everything in slow motion and it's because everything else is gone. So you're aware of everything and You're taking in more data too. That's right.


Okay. Above, below. We gotta talk about that one. Yeah. So as we said, 44 days in a seven by seven plexiglass box hovering 30 feet in the air, there was a webcam so people could watch the entire time. Yeah. As you already said, you'd fasted for that so you don't have to go duty For that long. Yeah. It was like a 47 day fast. You Drank Nothing but pure. A 1.2 gallons of water a day. Yeah, 4.5 liters. Where In London? On the River Thames. Right by the Tower Bridge. So it was the most beautiful view ever of the river. It was pretty amazing and surreal. As a lay person, my thoughts are what does it feel like to starve? 'cause you really go into starvation at that point.


Yeah. I'd read all the books from people that had done extreme fasts or protests where they would fast against the gun. Like Bobby Sands when he died in 66 days or so. But then I started speaking to people who had done fast and you're always curious, are they really doing the fast? Like they say? Yeah, yeah. Or are they taking some sort of glue because it's hard to believe that the body can, I did go right to the breaking point. I do think going that long is too much on the body. Yeah. But the things that I had read about were all exact. So they said in about 28 days, in about a month, you start to have this pear taste in your mouth. You switch from breaking up muscle tissue and then the organs and you start to eat your own body of course.


But then it starts to taste sweet. And I was so paranoid 'cause I had water that was coming up. But again, purees to, oh no minerals, no nothing. And when I was drinking it, it became sweet in like 28 days exactly when it said it would. Wow. And if I hadn't read that, I would think that they were putting sugar into The water. Right. Trying to save you. Yes. But I still thought that I would make people stand below me and I'd pour water out into their cups. I'd say taste this, is there sugar in it? I didn't trust my own team with it. I thought they were all trying to like save me. Yeah. Is there sugar in it? They're like, no, it's water. By The way, if you're on his team, you're like, he's fucking lost his mom. Like, don't even let us taste the water. And they'd say, oh, it's just water. But that happens. And then around 40 days, I started having really bad heart palpitations.


It's Really bad on your heart, right? It's Tough on every organ. How long does the hunger part last? Yeah, that's gone in two days. I would have dreams of eating certain foods. Yeah. Did you start planning? 'cause even when I have a flu that lasts like four days and I haven't eaten and I can't eat, I start thinking about McDonald's french fries, like day three. And I just start obsessing about when I get to eat those. Did you have a meal planned? So in the beginning I was dreaming of smoked salmon on a bagel with cream juice. Oh. But then as it evolved, I started dreaming of soup. Right? For sure. Eating easy. And I would wake up in the middle of the night after like day 30, I'd have vivid dreams. I left the box, got out, it was eating a meal, and I'd wake Up panicked. You cheated and ruined it? Yeah.


Failed. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. He's like relapse streams. And a Great starvation expert, doctor Jeremy Pal Tuck. We published a paper in New England Journal Medicine was very proud about the effects of the Refeeding syndrome because when I came out of the box, he assumed when I was going in my team even tried to give me sugar vitamins, which by the way, I probably would've died if I had taken 'em, because the metabolism, your body wouldn't shut down and go into starvation mode to preserve itself. I wouldn't take them, of course. So I did the entire 44 days. When I went to the hospital, he didn't believe it was real. He thought I was cheating as well, which is what everybody assumed. 'cause I'm a magician. Oh, what's the trick? Yeah. So he put me on an IV right away and my phosphate levels went and I almost went into shock.


Yeah. I just wanna frame this. So what was most dangerous about this whole thing was refeeding. I think so. I think the whole thing is dangerous once you go over 30 days. So I would never recommend anything like that to anybody, because If you had gotten out and eaten a pepperoni pizza, you would've died. I don't know. But I know that when they put me on the iv, my phosphate level, just Why did it? The body can't handle it. Walk me through the refeeding process. I went on the IV and then boom, a friend has sent a trunk from Herod's full of food to my room. And I was giving it to all the doctors and nurses and everybody. And then two days later, I was so hungry and there was a bag of potato chips in there and I was like, eh, what the hell?


I opened it, ate Agony, the Worst stomach, like horrible pain. They had to readjust and take care of me again. Eventually I got back to eating and then everything comes back in full force. Geez. Okay. So there was the starvation part, and then how do you deal with boredom? I Always say to everybody, boredom is a choice. And I kept writing that and I wrote a journal and a pen. That's all I had in there. And I wrote over and over. Boredom is a choice and everything is perspective. Everything is how you see it. Yes. So I think you choose to be bored, and if you want to be bored, that's fine. But the mind has so many things. You know, Rainer Marie Wilke in his book Letters to Young Poet, I remember reading that when I was younger. And he says, you know, even if you're locked up in the most solitary prison confinement, you can still imagine where you are, what you're doing.


You can see your friends. So that's, I guess my question. How much of your day were you floating off into the ether of imagination? I have to say, a lot of what I do, and I think with magic as well, is based on numbers and logic. I was breaking it up. It was a thousand, 56 hours, 44 days. I was breaking everything up into time numbers. And then I would say, okay, I just need to get to the halfway point, 22 days, which I would then break up to 11 days. And then when I got to 22, I was like, okay, this is now the starting point. Yeah. So I only have to do that again. Yeah. And then I would write all these logic puzzles and things in the journal and things that I just love doing to occupy my mind. And then also the people that would come that would walk by to work every day.


I became friends with all, you know, I was like communicating. Were you up? It was like 30 feet in a completely glass last box. Okay. So people could hear you. No, but they could on that camera that was up there if they wanted to. I think that was one of the first continual live stream Right. Things. It's very similar to an Olympic athlete training your brain to just keep going and pushing. Ignoring every signal you're receiving. Yeah. No, I think Olympic, they have to work much harder. No, I think you're working much harder Than, than they are really. No, but I think this is more along the lines of accepting the conditions. But also it's different when you know the beginning and the end. Then it's just how do you get there? That's True. But that's a mindset that you know the end.


You hope you know the end, but you might not because you don't know how your body's gonna really react. That's true. You anticipate the end, which I think athletes do that. Okay. Now you say it was exaggerated in the media, but I must know the, so people did start vandalizing, or there are at least a handful of someone threw eggs, someone threw balloons full of paint. Yeah. That Was really, really attempt. Cool. It was like an arc. He tried to cut my water supply off. Oh. Oh, there we go. Okay. Walk. He was angry. Yeah. Yeah. What do you think those few vandals were reacting to? Because I have a very strong opinion about what it Was. No, I want to hear your opinion. I Think there's something in us as a social primate that feels like we need to police how much attention people get.


There's just a guy who's getting all this attention and now people are stopping. Also, it was a see through box. So it was kind of like what you're saying. Exactly. Was there any women that did this shit? I, I gotta imagine his dudes that were throwing shit. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. So I just think there's this like, whoa, why is this guy getting so much attention? He didn't do X, Y, and Z. You get attention for X, Y, and Z. And why is he getting this attention and fuck this guy. There was this one guy that used to come every day because his girlfriend wanted to come see it. Oh. And he'd be behind her and every day he would walk up and go like this to me. Fuck up behind her. He'd be waving and he'd go like this. Yeah. But when he would come, which was almost every day, he would make my day. I would laugh so hard. 'cause he was so passionately angry.


Yes. Yeah. So when he would come, I would smile and wave at him. Yeah. Yeah. So he started to come on his own. Then I kept full communication. He provided such an incredible distraction that he became a very relevant part for me. We became friends at the end when I got out, he was waiting in the hospital. I was so excited to meet him. Yes. Well again, that's that other social priming thing is like, I don't like this guy's getting all this attention. Wait, this guy kinda likes me. I'm a part of the attention. No, I'm in. Yeah. Yeah. People don't, primitive people like being on the outside of something or feeling like I can't do that. But I also think there's a part to it of what you're saying. That's weird. It makes no sense. And why is he doing it? You paint your own version of what the reason is you're projecting what you feel.


Onto that Last thing before full show is Vegas residency for 10 months at Resort World and then now at the win. And I guess I was maybe shocked to read that your very first residency was 2023. Yeah. Were you not tempted to just go grab those bags of cash Before You, I mean, I've already learned frustratingly. So you don't seem motivated by money. Not at all. I don't trust you. I'm not Complaining. I do fine, but money's never been the decision making factor. So my mother taught me when I was young, 'cause she grew up with extreme privilege, but left everything, did everything by herself, and was much happier than when she lived in a big house in Scarsdale. She said, the way I think about things is if you would do it for a dollar, she would say Penny.


But if you would do it for a dollar, then you should do it for whatever. And if you won't do it for a dollar, then you shouldn't do it for whatever. When I think about things like, would I do this if it was a dollar yes or no? And that's how I decide on almost everything. And it could just be the person or the team. And that's enough of a decision making process. Right. And so your residency, you're doing three days a month. Is that right? Because physically you can't, it's difficult. What I was gonna say, this is where your act sucks. Whereas if you're just doing A bunch of other magic trick, you could monetize the hell out of 30 times, times a month. That wouldn't be fun for me. I wanted to show that I know anything can go wrong. Stakes. Yes. I know that. I'm giving everything I have to the audience. Yeah.


And I think that was a problem with Houdini. He was so driven by satisfying the people that were coming to see him, that he pushed himself to the breaking point. Yeah. He didn't have the type of act that you could do 20 times a month, but he did it 20 times a month. Right. That's why he was always in incredible shape. And that whole dime circus vil performing, They were the toughest of the tough seven Shows in a row. I was obsessed with Buster Keaton for a long time. And yeah, he grew up as a little kid in vaudeville acts and getting thrown. His family would kick him or put 'em in a suitcase and chuck 'em into the audience, the Physicality. He Was incredible. Oh, what a fucking genius that guy was. So when I made my first TV show, I was studying Buster Ke in a bunch. And I remember his thing was he tried to do everything in one take.


No cuts. So that led to what I was trying to do at Street Magic. It was try to get one take, do the magic, get the reaction without cutting. That was inspired by him. He was a phenomenon Athletically. Like he's the first Jackie champ. Jackie Chan in his best day is just Buster Keen. Supposedly Houdini gave him the name, although that's been disproven. But he had said that Houdini named him Buster when he was five. 'cause his parents used to throw him on the borderline stage into the wall. Yeah. Kick him like a soccer ball buster. Yeah. That very most famous stunt of his that people can picture in their mind, which is the front of the building falling. He's in front of a house he built himself. And then of course the last frame is it Falls Flat and there's one window open on the second floor of the face of the building and it falls perfectly around him.


And he had like four inches on each side. It's amazing. And half of his crew quit. They were like, we're not sticking around to watch you get flattened by the face of this building. Okay. So the Nat Geo Show, it's called David Blaine Do Not Attempt. And I watched India. That's The one you watched? Yeah. It's the hardest. Oh man. By the way though, that's first when I get the link. Southeast Asia would be the one I would say to watch first the starter piece, then Brazil, then all the others. And then at the tail end, if you're like That Far, then okay, I'll watch in the above carefully. And I also think lots of 'em should be watched by adults. Watch it first. Make sure you understand. 'cause there's some things that are scary.


Like I push a steak knife into my nasal Who? Yeah. Which is crazy. And then like he said, the bottle breaking thing. Yeah. Which is what woke me up in the middle of the night, which is why I called the show. Do Not Attempt, horrified of the idea of somebody trying to imitate that. This is my great curiosity with you young magicians. It's like no one will tell anyone their tricks. How the fuck are you supposed to learn? Yeah. You hound them until they tell you. Or books The secrets get told. Yeah. Or you reverse engineer it like a logic puzzle. You figure it out diligently and then you come up with your own version. By doing so you Got Deepak to pull a string, you put in your mouth out of the side of your face. Yeah. And I figured that out by watching the S festival.


So they were pushing things through and I was like, wait. So there's a passage there? And that led to trying to figure out how to turn it into a magic trick. Yeah. So do you feel any compulsion? Like what I like is you're really upfront about generally what's magic and what is an endurance thing or just a pain threshold. But some of your tricks will you always declare whether they're magic or not. Yeah. Yeah. So the one I saw where you put a string in your mouth and he pulls it out the side of your face, is that magic? No. It's real combined with magic, which is the stuff that I like. 'cause then it makes the magic more believable because then you're not like, oh, what's the trick? You're like, but wait, that thread is really coming out of his skin. Yeah. What part Is the illusion is the exciting part.


That's right. The stunts themselves are not tricks. It's a different thing. You'd think you'd have like all these holes in your face. You're Not in great shape. Right. You've damaged some stuff. Damaged. Yeah. Big time. And I go up and down, up and down. Right now I'm on the up. I've definitely messed up my body and my metabolism and everything else. For sure. Yeah. What is the thing that is hardest of all the fallout from these things? What's the thing that you're like, fuck, I kind of wish I didn't do that one. Now it's like I'm starting to feel the effects of everything. Are You 53, 51? You know that logic puzzle? It's two days ago. He was 18 years old. Next year he turns 21 years old. How is that possible? Okay, two days ago.


Two days ago, he was 18 years Old. 18. So he has to next 19, next year he turns 21 years old. How is that possible? Well, that's easy because if he is born on January, bingo First. Yeah. So two days ago he was 18. Yes. But yesterday, on December 31st, he turns 19. The last day of this year, he turns 20. But next year, on the very last day, he turns 21. Yes. I was held by having a January 2nd birthday. It felt very natural. Yeah. So it you, he was 18. Now They do a lot of impaling, the Fs, that's kind of their signature. Or maybe I'm wrong, but that seemed to be what I saw the most, putting skewers through the inside of the arm and pushing them out, popping their eyeballs out with A sore.


Oh, that was the craziest thing I've ever seen. I called my optometrist, I was like, what are your thoughts on this? He's like, you're gonna degenerate your vision. I was like, yeah, no. But yeah, they go in and pull their eyes significantly out. But it's very difficult to watch even the way you're reacting. Oh yeah. That's just from hearing it. Yeah. But seeing it, I couldn't even believe that this was real. Yeah. So someone might be inclined to think, because you are willing to put these skewers through your own hand, then it might be easy for you to watch it. But then watching you, I don't think it is. It was very difficult for me. I gotta say, what's really fun is these guys are doing this incredible stuff and the guy's jumping into glass and everything, and then the bottle. But David's got like some tricks up his sleeve that even they haven't done.


So it's like after all the glass, he's like, hand me a piece of that glass. And then he just starts eating glass and they're like, whoa, it must be fun. It's funny to me that you think what they're doing is wild. To me, it's the same eating glass and cracking a bottle. In fact, cracking a bottle over your head to me is like, it happens at a bar. You gotta see it. Okay, okay. You really Gotta see it. Okay. But what you're saying is right. It does come off as that. But the way he does it is his guru teaches him a method and he learns how to do it. And it is precision. It is something that he's done repetitively and it's flawless. When he does it, it's kind of like, how is that possible? Right? Like how does he do it? And there's no bump. It's more like watching a gymnast land a crazy trip, I think.


Right? You go like, oh yeah, there's a total technique here. But eating glass is the same, just so you know from an audience perspective. I mean, you saw it, so maybe to you, you could say It's very dangerous. I prefer to Try to get glass than hit myself in the head with that whiskey bottle. I would say don't do either. Yeah. If you were recommending one over the other, I think you'd agree with me. I don't recommend either because Can't I chew the glass up fine enough? Have no enamel on my teeth. My nerves were exposed. It hurts all the time. Hot and cold sense pains into my head, so Okay. I don't recommend either. Yeah. But like I said, that episode is the one that the show is titled Do Not Attempt because of that. Yeah. We Should make a fine point.


That's the one that's like the most, That's His. I'm not telling anyone need glass, But yeah. Yeah. My mind. I'm like, yeah, I could grind glass up in my mouth fine enough to where it's back to Sand. And then it's so easy to just cut, Slice up your gum. So you're doing it and you're not bleeding. No. When you eat glass. Wow. But it's something I don't recommend at all. I always tell magicians, if you wanna get into magic, do card tricks. And ironically, that's the stuff people like the most. Right. The other stuff is I'm obsessed with finding things out that seem impossible. And then trying to figure out how to do those things and combine them with magic for the first time, I'm showing the process of that learning curve. I'm showing what I normally would never share. And by having the real part of it exist with magic, it kind of stops the audience or the viewer or the spectator from just writing it all off right away.


Which is what you said you didn't like about some of the magic that you've seen. It's like immediately like, sure. What's the trick? Maybe I should have told you this at the very beginning. I don't like magic. Monica loves magic love. And we have debates about all the time, and I've gone with her numerous times to see magic. I've even hired a magician for her birthday one time. Yeah. I've had two magician birthday parties as an adult. Yeah. And you'd like more. I love it. I went to a really good magic show in New York now. I don't remember his name. Ossie Wind? No, it was at the Nomad Hotel. Oh, Dan White. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I loved Dan. Oh, Oh my God, it was so good. I cried.


Do you get on with other magicians? Yeah. Yeah. Dan used to work with me. He's great. I have to say most of my best friends are magicians. That's who I spend all my time with. I Put you guys in a category with really great guitar soloists, which is one only can get this skill by being in their bedroom by themselves for very long periods of time. That's true. And I think that's a personality type, but Also magic's a little different because the performative part of it is just like you're always doing magic. If you do it to the same person over and over, they're gonna get bored. So you're always looking for new people. The plane flying heroes do magic to the half the flight. How lucky to be on a fucking flight. And David Blaine's on it. But People say, oh, do you feel bad saying no.


I'm like, no. I mean, this is how I practice. This is how I improve. This is how I'm constantly training, and this is a part of the process that I like the most. Is that constant tweaking, learning, changing, modifying, adding things. Have you thought about what the shelf life of your own skillset is? Do you think there'll be a peak and a decline, like all trades? Or no? Is this one impervious to decline? Do you think you're getting better? Yeah, I do think I keep learning more and more. And I have two of my favorite tricks I've done for the last 30 years. And just recently, a few weeks ago, I realized that you can combine the two. And how did I not realize that for 30 years, these two things combine beautifully.


Now, one of my favorite magicians, he was doing this incredible trick that I saw him do when I was 18. It was just a card trick, but it was so good. He did it in front of a small room of people that I was laughing and crying at the same time. And he stopped doing magic because he said he was doing that trick that he's done probably a hundred thousand times. Who knows how many times. Yeah. And in the middle of it, he forgot what he was doing. His brain couldn't process anymore. So he stopped doing magic at that point. It Would be a cognitive thing, probably not a physical thing maybe. Yeah. Who knows? What seems interesting is overnight, so many people are attracted to you in this very intense way. That's not anyone else's normal experience.


Like in high school, Fiona Apple, who I'm watching her video over and over again, I know is dating this magician. And I go, that's really Funny. She could be with Leonardo DiCaprio, she could be with any movie star. She's with this magician. She Is just brilliant the way she thinks and the way she absorbs information. Were you even yourself a little shocked with like, oh wow, I'm dating Fiona Apple. I mean, I was lucky and amazed to be around, but I had met her before and I was blown away by her and thought she was incredible. Yeah, we all were. But I met her before she was famous. Oh, before she was famous? Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Isn't she a California person? She Was. She grew up in Venice, but not anymore. I still speak to her.


Oh, you do? She's one person I've never met that I'm still dying to meet. Yeah, she's amazing. I one time heard you on Stern. You've done Stern several times. Yeah. Two maybe. Okay, well then I've heard both of them. Okay. I've tried in the past to explain it to Monica and I really can't. But I thought the most fascinating part of the interview is you were talking about being able to convince people. You can read their mind Cold reading, which is just generalizing kind of information, making High probabilistic guesses. Yeah. And I think that psychology applied to psychics or tarot card readers, I think. Yeah. What they're doing is they're estimating what's normal, what you represent, and then kind of feeling out that information.


Yeah. You look at me and you're like 50-year-old white guy, but he likes World War II documentaries, and I'm like, that's right, I do. But also, you could go into the characteristics of a person as well, what they've been through, what struggles they've been through. How Did you learn this? I was so fascinated when I was listening to you talk about that, I guess 20 years ago, there was a Book that I read, which was called King of the Cold Readers, the fundamental book of information on how to read people. It's so old now. It's kind of outdated now. The way to access information is just so incredible. It's such a different game now because Of the internet. Just the techniques that are employed are incredible. Oh, but I'd love to do magic, but you might have to sit here. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Good ahead. Go. We'll get Monica there.


I'll show you the new trick I was talking about. Oh. If you're listening and you want to see the magic that's coming next and you can go over to YouTube and watch Magic Tricks with David Blaine and Monica and maybe me. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Brit Box. There are some incredible shows coming outta the UK right now. The clever writing, the picturesque settings, the witty dialogue. They just do TV differently across the pond in the best way. And you know, they're the masters of charming mysteries set in quaint little villages where three people die a week. Not only do they have a huge selection of classics like Pride and Prejudice, but their new original shows are insanely good too. Especially Ludwig with David Mitchell from Peep Show. He plays the introverted puzzle maker guy who accidentally becomes a detective and solves murders like their crosswords. It's twisty and clever and an absolute treat to watch. So if you wanna mix it up and see things differently, try Brit Box and stream the best British tv. Go to brit box.com and start a free trial today.


We are supported by Anytime Fitness. We're all about striving to be the best version of yourself, both mentally and physically. Moving your body is a great way to build strength in both areas. If I had to lose anything in my routine, the very last thing I would lose is my physical fitness routine. And you know, I'm now lifting heavy weights. You've even got some heavy dumbbells. I've got some heavy, because I have to get my bone density. Yes. Tip top because perimenopause ladies. That's right. You the, the more fit, the stronger you can be, the better the rest of your life's gonna be. That's right. To get stronger mentally and physically, go to Anytime Fitness. You'll get a personalized training, nutrition, and recovery plan, all customized to your body, your strength level, and your goals. You'll get expert coaching to optimize your results anytime, anywhere in the gym and on the Anytime Fitness app. And you'll get anytime access to 5,500 gyms worldwide, all with the right equipment to level up your strength gains and your life. So get started@anytimefitness.com. That's anytime fitness.com.


We are supported by Brooks running. If you're a runner, you've definitely heard about Brooks, they're a reliable, high quality brand known in the running community for being the best in the biz. Brooks give both of us pairs of the glycerin 22 sneakers. And man, I love mine. They're really comfortable. God, the rip pair of shoes can make all the difference when it comes to getting out and working out. I'm doing my sprints in 'em. Oh, just total comfort on my knees. Also. Great design. Yeah. Very stylish. The glycerin 22 is for anyone who's feet crave a cushioned experience. The wide platform plus the tuned heel and forefoot help your foot land and transition from heel to toe smoothly and steadily. Okay. This is smart engineering. Listen to this. The sole of these shoes has a next gen nitrogen infused foam with larger cells in the heel to provide plush landings. And then there are smaller cells in the forefoot to invite responsive toe offs. That's a fancy way of saying they thought of everything here and niche shoes perform great and feel even better. So whether you're running, hitting the gym, or just wanna feel maximum comfort and stability as you live your active lifestyle, give Brooks a try. Learn more@brooksrunning.com.


Well, David Blaine, this was incredible. This really was, this is so fun. Your modern day Houdini. And we got to talk to you everyone. Watch. Do Not Attempt. I wanna say we talked about how Gloria is. It's a fucking awesome show. It's, it's beautifully shot. It's a very, very cool show. I think this is gonna be wildly popular. We Worked three years on it and we all worked around the clock on it. And everybody was amazing. We had the best team and we all gave it our all. Yeah, that's very obvious. And also, When we went into these places, I wanted to show not like the fancy beaches and resorts, I wanted to show the things that most people never get to see. So we went into places that nobody would go or would wanna go or things nobody would wanna do.


And showed the beauty in what they do and all the things that you're seeing. It's like they've really put their thousands of hours into those feats that they're doing. That's why, to me, it's magic. It's because of the invisible work that goes in that you don't equate for. Yeah. You don't think about the amount of work and faith and diligence and practice and failure and repeating that they put into it to make it look so simple. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. And so that's why I think this is kind of like a discovery of people and they're constantly a student. They never see themselves as masters. They're searching for the next learning curve, the next thing, the next challenge. And they keep pushing themselves. And it was pretty amazing to have a glimpse into that world.


Yeah. It's admirable. It's really neat. Yeah. You're looking at someone who has funneled thousands of hours into five minutes, eight minutes, right. Nine minutes. And you're like, wow. They just funneled it and refined it and pointed it. And it's very cool to see that. Do you have a favorite episode? For me, it's more like the characters. We don't show this, but I'm like in tears every time. I'm so excited and I'm so amazed by everybody that I'm meeting. And I would say it's not a favorite episode. The People you love. Oh Yeah. Things that I saw and witnessed and was given an insider into their world. So it's like, there's so many things in each thing. Ramesh the guy who built his fire act, but he is a rickshaw driver by David.


His passion is fire. David puts fire all over his head. That Part's beautiful. Oh wow. Yeah. And I've seen him before and I was blown away by his acts. So then going and meeting him real time and then having him give me a like crash course. Yeah. Alright. Well good luck with the show. It's truly great. I can tell you guys spent so much time on it and it's a pleasure meeting you. Yeah, thanks for coming. Thank you. Yay. Now you guys wanna see the real magic. Oh my God. Turn this off and I'll show you the good stuff. Oh, hi there. This is Herm and Permian, if you like that. You're gonna love the fact check Miss Monica. Okay. I have an update.


Something wild happened yesterday. Oh my goodness. After we worked, I went somewhere, I won't say where. Okay. I went somewhere and I basically witnessed this person. I don't know, I thought he was just very, very, very drunk. But then I was told that maybe he was on like a drug by someone who could tell. Okay. And it was so scary. Oh. Like he was like falling. This other girl was like, that was really scary seeing this person there before.


And I do sometimes wonder in general, like, What's happening? Yeah. Is this person okay? But nothing has ever been this extreme and it was really, really crazy. Or They vocally Yeah. Obnoxious. Yes. What kind of stuff were they saying? I mean, they were on the phone and kind of just screaming on the phone, but just like stumbling around the whole place and falling down like it was, That's not like an atmosphere where Yeah. People are acting What time of Day? Exactly. The day after we recorded, so, okay, so 3 34 on A Tuesday.


Yeah. Oh boy. It was really scary. And then my friend went up and, and said to the manager just, Hey, you need to keep an eye on this person. Really doesn't seem okay. Yeah. And the manager said, do you know who he is? And then what does that though mean? Exactly. Yeah. That, and that to me is what I've just been sitting with. Like, so, and obviously I can't give too many details, but this is a person that they, I don't wanna lose, I guess, as a client.


Mm. Maybe Don't. Oh, was that the subtext or was the subtext like, you know, that's so and so. They're they're a fuck up. Oh no. It wa I don't think it was that. Okay. Because that could, that was a, that's a vibe where we're from, where you'd go, oh, that's Mike. He's a fuck. You know, he's a, he's a lush, he's a look the other way. Right. Yeah. Let him Do his thing. But that would be at like a certain type of bar or something. You could do that, but not here. Not a nice place. Yeah. Yeah. And, and it like, it was scary to me. It was scary to another guest. Like it was causing concern. And so this idea that like, do you know who that is?


Was very upsetting to me. 'cause I was like, so you're gonna let him die? Right. 'cause you don't wanna say anything. Yeah. It was really scary. And then my friend was like, I don't care who it is. I mean, he knew who it was, but he was like, I don't care who it is. People are scared. I scared A friend base. It's very obvious. I know, I know. But I was really glad he said that. Yeah. Yeah. But, but I think it does point out, no one needs to be sympathetic to a, an addict. They don't need to be sympathetic to anyone famous. They don't need to be sympathetic to someone with means. But I will argue it can be harder for those people to get sober.


'cause they don't Yes. Have the consequences. Yeah. There's so many consequences that would normally make you reevaluate. Exactly. And like losing friendships. Well, people with status and means can be pretty, the people won't Push back. They won't abandon them because they want to be a part of the status. I Know. Yeah. Places will put up with them because of whatever. And, and I just, I, I do wonder sometimes I worked with a famous super talented dude who was so fucked up on this movie and I, I, I hated him at one point in the movie. And then, you know, he did this fucking thing where he, he made me laugh so hard.


He's so powerful. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. He made me laugh so fucking hard. He was assigned a cop on set. He had to have a cop with him on Oh my God. Set. And so he was running through the store and the police officer was chasing him and he was screaming, chasing me, chasing me. Oh God. I know. So, and I was like, I had been just seething about this person for like three weeks. And then all of a sudden I was like, Oh my God, this is the fucking funniest thing I've ever seen. Yeah. And it really disarmed me. And I was like, yeah, good luck to him getting sober. 'cause he has a superpower. He can win you back immediately. I know. I feel really freaked out by it. Yeah, I bet you weren't the only one.


You do get into your personal stuff. I Do. Which is like A addict stuff is very scary to you and for good reason. Yeah. And I dunno if it's, it's it's addict, but it's more like this deeper, that person might die. Right. And I might see it, or I might have like been not a part of it, but kind of a part of it Should have sounded the alarm. Yeah. Yeah. It reminds me of when I was in high school and I went to the mall with Callie and we saw this like weird thing happen where this woman was wheeling her husband in a wheelchair, but then like, something was happening with the woman and the guy got out and the woman got in the wheelchair and I was like, they switched.


Yeah. They had to switch. Oh man. And like, like I didn't know if she was having a heart attack. And of course like, you know, the people were running out of the stores to like help and Yeah. We, and I thought about I, I'm, I still have that memory and I thought about it for weeks. Like I could not, it it's almost OCD. Yeah. Yeah. Like it's, it becomes An obsession. Right. You just can't stop thinking about it. Yeah. You keep, keep keeps popping up into your head. Yeah. I dunno why that wheelchair fiasco did remind me of. Do you remember we were working in New York and we were at the Carlisle Hotel. I'll be there in a couple days And we would have to walk every day to the parking garage.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And there was this dude with cerebral palsy. Oh yeah. And he like was shuffling down the street and it was like so heartbreaking. Yeah. And really bad. And this woman gave him money and then the woman turned the corner and he started walking normal. No. And I threw My, I threw my coffee at Him. He did. He threw a fucking coffee outta him. We were gonna beat the shit Outta him. He's sick. Motherfucker. That is so low. Yeah, It Was. Oh my God. It was a show like you had never seen before. You'd wanna cry when you saw this guy.


No. Yo, I'm like, at the beginning I'm like, I'm probably gonna give this guy a buck. Y No, I'm going the other way. Oh. Oh my God. You deceptive. What Is the money actually cured? You don't know. Oh Fuck. I have that. Yeah. You didn't think about that? I didn't think about it. It is possible. Yeah. That he was just $5 away from a cure maybe. Yeah. You never know. You know, I had a similar, when I had my bar, there was crazy situations at my bar, so it wasn't this place and it wasn't a nice place, but things still could get escalated to that point where I'd have to make the decision and not a famous person spending a bunch of money and bringing all of his people, but like a drug dealer that Yeah.


Was responsible for a lot of money being thrown around in there and this and that, and then thought he fucking ran the place and Yeah. Like A whale at a casino. Yeah. But Then once it, it, everyone is so uncomfortable in the situation. Yeah. You can only, you can only let it go so much. And you have like, guess what? They come back after you kick 'em out. Right. But Like, enough's enough with the, when you have that business Yeah. You gotta fucking take a stand. Like, Exactly. I mean, that's like Buddy, you're driving away. Interesting. Yeah. You gotta everyone else the trade off, like Yeah. When does the, when do I lose money after this person's here?


Yeah. What's the line that you draw at a bar or something? Because Yeah. People are, people are there a little fucked up. I mean, that's the point of the place, you know, so it's tricky. Well it's highly regional though. Yeah. Like you, I've rarely, rarely, rarely have I seen anyone in LA at a bar That fucked up a Club that is like a sleep on a table throwing up, you know, on the dance floor. Yeah. That is much more common in Michigan. Yeah. And I can say also Chicago, like if you go out in Chicago, you see people like falling through tables and fucking falling out of the Georgia too. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's really like regionally cultural.


It also just, it depends on the place itself also. What do you do you tell them to leave and what if they drive home? Well, there's only so much you can do. Like, that's my question. Like what do you do? You Just go, if they're on a motorcycle, you go wear a helmet. Yeah. Dumb ass Ride fast. But ride fa safe. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Anyway, As fast as you can. Yeah. Yeah. We're on like such opposite ends of the spectrum with our comfort level with that stuff. Yeah. Just I think from exposure. Yeah. Yeah. Probably. I mean, my friend didn't feel the way I felt he wasn't worried.


Right. Like, he wasn't like, that person's gonna die like I was. Right. He was more like, this can't, this is an unacceptable thing to be happening at this establishment. I Love all the little adventures you and Jess get into. I gotta say I Really do because there was like the, there was the episode with someone saying to Anna, someone's so gay. Oh yeah. And then Jess had to get involved, but he, but he didn't, but he didn't get involved enough. But then he does. But he does. I Know, I know. Little mini adventures all The time. It's such fucking funny duo too. You're one feet tall. He's eight feet tall. I know. I I think a lot of people think we're together and in some ways we are. I guess I think of it as like the cartoon with the really little dog and the big dog that are friends.


Yeah. Yeah. And the big dogs. Always. The little dogs picking fights and being up, being mouthy and then the big dogs somehow. Yeah. Yeah. Well I actually, I brought you up at di so we left to go to dinner and it was really like I was, I was not frazzled. Yeah. I was frazzled exactly. Because of everything. And so I was feeling a little, like, I could tell that I was getting annoyed, but it was because of this other thing. I just like didn't feel good. Yeah. So I had to tell myself like, don't take it out on Jess. Like, don't take this feeling out on him right now. Yeah. He's like the easiest person for me to take it out on. So don't do that. And I, I feel like I, I didn't, but then we got to the restaurant and the server was so ama like, so nice, so awesome.


And, and Jess was just being like, his like grega, he was just being his gregarious self Yeah. And being funny and making jokes. And I was like, It's Just like, why can't you just not have to do that? Like, why can't you just say thanks instead of doing this whole show? Yeah. Yeah. And then, and I, and I like looked at him and I, and I said, it's so interesting that I am obviously I am attracted, drawn to people who can't stop themselves from putting on a show.


Like I That's right. I leave the house. It's showtime. Yes. There are so many times we're sitting in here and I'm like, why are you not stopping? Yes. Yes, Yes. And it's the same thing with him. And, and it's clear that it's me. That that needs or likes it. Yeah. Even though on the surface I like don't. Yeah. It's weird. That is interesting. I'm thinking of course of the time I was, was putting on a show, so, 'cause sometimes you're in and sometimes you're out. Right? Sure. Like the time in New York City, what I Just tap out like, I like it for a second, but both of you sometimes just, Yeah.


But remember my suitcase bit in New York, which is probably the most extreme and obnoxious bit I've ever done. That. That was, that was funny to me. And You loved it the whole time. I did. I had a roll on bag or maybe we even had like, recording gear Maybe because We were going around the city and interviewing people. Yeah. It had Wheels in any street we're on that had a slight decline. I would let the bag go and then I would be screaming my bag, my bag and I'd be chasing it. But the bag wasn't going very fast. And I would let it like, go between people and every single block I would like run and scream my, my back, my oh my back. And then I would look back and Monica would be like half a block away laughing really hard.


So just Kept doing it. I did think that was funny. I don't know what the line is, but That was really extra. Like if you're just walking down the street and some guy's like my bag, my man, he's chasing a bag that clearly he could Cut off. I know. I don't really know. Well he does silly things like that that don't, it's when it involves other people. Yeah. Maybe there's more exploration to get like really granular about what, when does it tip for you? Why? What is the exact thing? This is admittedly annoying. Like admittedly annoying, but I think you enjoy this or you don't. Like Aaron and I lived for, we would put on, Aaron would put on his baseball pants from sixth grade baseball and a half shirt that had a pony on it that was yellow that Carrie got me.


And then I would be in an insane outfit and we would go to White Castle. It was Showtime, oh. White Castle. And we had like a pipe. We had chewing tobacco, we had playing cards, we had a radio. Yeah. And we would really just go, let's go be as weird as possible at this white cancel. And we just enjoyed it so much and gosh, you know what? I think you do or you don't enjoy that kind of thing. Well, Oh my God, this is back to yesterday's fact check or last week's fact check with the three of us. Were ultimately, I think maybe, I feel like why do you get to do that?


Ah, here we go. Here we go. I, that's Great. Is what it is. Yes. 'cause you were kind of trying and I Had to That's right. I had no option. There was no option for me to be like my bag. Although, although money, you have to admit, we don't know. I know. You're Right. We don't know. But I definitely understand how you were like, I'm just trying to not get fucked with and called out and, and pointed at Being a weirdo is like, like the last thing I Could do. And you had to wear sixth grade clothes in a fucking, I would wear the crazy hat that the Chinese people wear when they're picking rice. You know? I got it at a Salvation Army. It was like, it was like three feet wide Yeah.


And be smoking a pipe. And I just, It was so fun because from my perspective, there's something really fun about like, oh, here are the rules of life, but who's to say what if you're not participating in those rules? And they're not like, it's not like we're pushing people or anything. Yeah, no, I know. You're not hurting anyone. It's Just like, oh, you're supposed to look a certain way. Well, let's see if you don't look that way. Yeah. It's just kind of like wakes you up in a way that I find I've always found really, Carrie was very much that way. We would going to seven elevens and she, we would have fake fights and stuff. Yeah. Like I, we would sit at the restaurant and what you're supposed to do is eat your food.


But we'd be going, Oh God. See you say that's not hurting people. But I think it's, We did some stuff that was, that's, that's disturbing. You're right. You're, you were right. We, we did definitely ruin some people's. But I gotta tell you Monica, I do think I'm objective about this. We amused More. Sure. I agree. More People were really laughing at their boots, looking at us trying to wonder, are these guys like, are they gotten out of a hospital? Right. Like, are they on, are the people looking for these two? Why don't they have so much stuff? And we've gotten airing up, punched over at Once. Oh yeah. That was for making noises.


Yeah. Once in a while it doesn't work out. Yeah, sure. But for the most part it does. It's A hot wire when it's working, it's, yeah, it's really fun. Mm. And I think it's, it's just a huge bonding thing. It's like some expression that like I myself can't go sit at White Castle with a huge hat on and all the stuff make noises. I would be, well You probably wouldn't chase her suitcase without Monica there. I wanna, I want it. I want it. Yeah, that's true. There's like this declaration that like all these people might think I'm crazy, but because, you know. Right. And this is for you. Yeah. And the Aaron and i's was for each other. There's a very bonding thing about that. Yeah. That makes Sense. Like as long as I have your approval, I'll, I'm willing to throw everyone else's away.


Mm. And again, it's very indulgent and selfish. I get it. I can admit it. But it was also, I, I do promise it was highly amusing to most people. They, people thought we were funny. I'm sure They did. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by NerdWallet. Hey listen, we're all juggling a million things, right? Trying to balance work family, maybe even squeeze in a little me time. And honestly, who's got the bandwidth to research stuff like auto insurance. That's where NerdWallet comes in. You tell them what you need, say a better rate on your car insurance and NerdWallet will match you with the right option for you. The nerds handle the research, the comparisons, all that stuff that sucks up your precious time. Think about it. You want to make smart choices. Right. But you also want to be fully present at your grandpa's 90th, nail that presentation at work and maybe just relax. You can have it all. And NerdWallet makes it easy. Just answer a few simple questions and bam, way faster than falling down a research rabbit hole. Because finding the right financial product is smart, but having NerdWallet do it for you. That's genius. Get matched today@nerdwallet.com. Not all applicants will qualify for the lowest monthly payments. NerdWallet Insurance Services incorporated ca resident license number. Okay. 9 2 0 3 3.


I'm gonna change gears. Okay. But Aaron and I have a favorite restaurant. We went to it last night with old friends that happened to be in town from Detroit. Oh, Fun. Yeah. Who witnessed many of these outfits. And they're fully functional adults with a business now. And it's wonderful. It worked out for everyone. But this happens one in four or five times. I eat at this restaurant where I eat. I go, I go hard. By the way, I was thinking about what it was this morning, potentially. Did you eat any of the asparagus You did. Okay. And I haven't gone yet. Oh, Okay. I also had a huge scoop of Metamucil before we went fiber. I know he's gonna eat a lot of steak. But anyways, about four minutes after we got done eating, I had to pee and I'm peeing and I think I I have to two.


I gotta go sit down. Yeah. You have a harness. I Epic. Ha This Is when, when we're together it's been like, I think a 50 50 shot. Okay. It's more like one and two. Well, I mean, but I know you, you go without me. So, And you don't experience it? No, I, I'm jealous. Interesting. Which Is crazy. Yeah. I love watching it. Like, I love the like really fast walking to the Yeah, sure, Sure. Yeah. Like it's about to start spraying. Yeah. Yeah. So it was, It was, I mean the meal has just left the table just got taken away. Yeah. Right. Fast acting and acting to the point where I was like, oh, there was listeria on the Oh, but not every time you go or half The, and apparently not.


'cause you ate. Right. The asparagus as well. Yeah. Anyways, I, it's, it's, it's a epic thing. So come back to the table. I don't announce it at that point. 'cause our friends that are visiting, they don't know this pattern. I'm guessing Aaron might've put it, but I was very quick. Did you know the first time I went to pee that that had happened? No. Okay. So then we're sitting there talking and now we're wrapping it up. I've paid the bill and I'm thinking, oh man, I think I gotta go again, but I'll, I'll be able to wait till I get home. And I'm like in the middle of a sentence and I go, I gotta, I gotta honest. And I, I, that Was, that was the one I noticed. Then I really booked it to the bathroom. Thank God the dining room was dead empty. Oh wow. Went back in there for another, wow. This is epic. Where if there was a, a bathroom attendant, like you'd have to be like, dude, can you just, here's a hundred dollars.


Can you just leave hallway for a while? Oh. So no one was in there. No one's In there. Thank God, God. But all to say, I come back to the table now we've only got five more minutes and then we're out the door and we're in the car and I was like, I pray I make it home. Yeah. Three Three. Wow. That's a lot. There probably was. There's probably just something you're a little you're allergic to in that food Or it's just too much fat. Such a good meal. It's it is. Yeah. Like we both get a ribeye and then we split the lamb chops. The, our friends are our friends Split a rib eye. We both a rib lamb chops.


Oh God. And left it all at the restaurant. Yeah. I, a public bathroom situation. I don't like it. Yeah. But sometimes Tom got, sometimes you got it. Sometimes your meal turns. But that wasn't a public bathroom. That was a private No, that was your private car In a car. This is for David Blaine. Oh, Wonderful. And actually Aaron was here. I was Here and I, When David Blaine was here and I damnit I wish I could have watched some of this. Watched All the magic. God. It was, it was such a cool thing. His show is awesome. Yeah. Don't attempt this. I really Wanna Yeah. Do Not Attempt. Do Not Attempt. What's it on Hulu?


Nat Geo. Okay, but Hulu, it's On Hulu too. Yeah. I watched one last night. Do you did? Yeah. Yeah. Do you watch India? No. I started with the first one where he puts the knife into his nose. Oh Yeah. He said don't, he said don't watch India. Yeah. That's why I waited. Yeah. I guess you're supposed to build up to India. But I started with India. Yeah, of course. And it's fricking wild. Yeah. Guys jumping onto big piles of broken bottles. Fuck that Dude. A guy who's breaking this huge whiskey bottle over his head. I Don't know why for some reason I, I just have to watch it because the way both of you were talking about it is with such like horror.


Yeah. And for some reason that doesn't sound that bad to me. Is it? 'cause I'm Indian. Oh wow. Know It, it feels like a natural activity to jump on a big mouth And Broken Box. One of the worst things I could imagine. Oh really? Yeah. I'm, I'm abnormally afraid of glass. Yeah. Oh, Me too. Yeah. And I'll slice up. Oh God. I mean, I don't like glass, but it, It just cuts so weird. Why do you think when like I, I don't believe in Satan, but for some reason when a magician is real good, I think dark Art, dark art, Satan is Involved like all a sudden I believe in sat. Sure, sure.


Yeah. Like, I'm like, oh, so he is Satan. He's, Instead of like, he's Dumbledore like The happy One. But that's what historically people have thought that they practiced the dark art. Yeah. I go right there. David signed a card for me that's up there. That's really exciting. Oh yeah. David Blaine. Oh, I see it. The Ace of Dimes. Now the really crazy thing he did, and maybe we should talk about it 'cause it's not on video. Yeah, it's not. We might be getting video because when David's publicist was here and she took video, so hopefully we'll get it. But yeah, there was a trick that happened after the cameras were off.


That was, That was, think of a category. Oh, that one. Okay. I think that's the craziest one. How does he know? Oh, I think watch is craziest. I don't because Okay. He says like, think of a category, Monica. Yeah. Okay, great. It could be like food, anything nature. Now think of a specific thing from that category. Yeah. And Erin, listen to this and tell me this how on earth this could be done. Okay. Think of a So she, do you have it? Yes, I have it. Okay. And then how did he start doing the, oh, he was asking for states that start with vowels. Yeah. And he goes like, oh, there's, oh, we have Ohio. And then he writes on these other vowels, he, and he wrote down these words and he wrote down like seven words or whatever, right.


And he's like, I don't know. And then George, oh, let's put George on there. And then he goes, is this, is this your thing? And he shows her a list of these seven words or whatever it was. And she goes, He said, does this have anything to do with your thing? Right? And she said, no. He like, no, But Then, and then he circled the outside thing and he said, does this? And it, it was said gossip because Of, 'cause my English gossip girl, she Thought outta TV shows television as a category. And then the specific show Gossip Girl and oh, Oh, oh. And there was one more piece. 'cause so it was like, think gossip, where then give a clue. So like, I had to say a clue to you. You were the, like, you were technically supposed to be guessing.


And I had to give you a clue that wasn't a big giveaway. And what was your, and I said the Met, I think, Oh my God. Yeah. And so I Would think art then I would think Picasso. Yeah. And then I don't remember then how we got into him writing the words. But then Yeah, it was gossip. Yeah. It was in, I'm like, how, how does Dean know? She thought of Gossip Girl out the millions do that of TV shows. Yeah. And even TV out the millions of categories. Yes. Basically infinite. Yeah. Every object in the world. Yeah. It was scary. What? Yeah. And then, you know, there was a card trick era where it was like, I wasn't even involved, you know this one.


And it was under my watch. Yes. I love that too. That's, and I had ped the card. It wasn't that, because everyone I tell this to, they're like, did he hug? It's like, no, no, no, no. This was, did he wrist way late into the game? You maybe hugged when you walked in. Maybe. But I picked the card during the trick and then it's unfolded up under his, well Let Usax watch that in his, his Netflix special. Was it Netflix? Yeah. You know Harrison Ford? He tells Harrison Ford to pick an apple up off of the, out of the fucking fruit basket, cut it in half. And when he cuts it in, half the cards folded up in there that he himself had written, Harrison had written his name on like, how does that, He got into The house and how do you even get, fuck it.


Even if he said, I'm gonna put your card in this apple and there'll be no evidence of it. I'd go, that can't be done. I know. That was the trick. And he got it inside of an apple. That would be plenty for me. I know. And then Harrison Ford cut the apple and he goes, get the fuck outta my house. He got so Scared. It was great. It was, was definitely a like once in a lifetime, a once in a lifetime moment to get magic from David Blaine. Wow. One-on-one. Very, very cool. Okay, couple facts. Bobby Sands, he died in 66 days.


Hunger strike. He was a member of the provisional Irish Republican army. The IRA and he helped plan a bombing. Yeah. Monica and I were talking about this and I think this is a great opportunity to realize that you're racist because, do you remember how you felt about the IRA? I had no feelings about it. Yeah. Well, also you're Irish, right? From a very Irish family. Yeah. But weren't you kind of supportive Always. Yeah. And I was like, isn't that interesting? These are a group of men blowing shit up and killing people. Yeah. When they're brown.


I'm like, those are terrorists. Right. And yeah, It's the same thing. It's unfortunately, it's the same thing and it's just, they're white. Yeah. And I think that's the difference. That's insane. Yeah. I never thought of that. And, and by the way, I'm not in support of it anymore, but I am like, but, but yeah, I thought it was cool. I thought it was Fighting the power. It felt like the American revolution Re And I could rebellion. I could relate it to the same country we revolted from. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Blowing folks up is not great. Just give 'em Their freedom. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Right. But then when you see, you know, Al-Qaeda trying to have their own state.


Yeah. Yep. They're caliphate. Yeah. You, you're like, no, those guys are monsters. Okay. After 28 days of fasting, he said, you get a pear taste in your mouth. Which we are kind of jealous of A pear taste. Yeah. Yeah. Like you, what's the longest he fasted for, He did 30 something days. He was in a or 40 days. He was in a glass box. Yeah. Hanging above the Thames. Right. In England. And he just didn't eat for 36 days. And there's no trick. That's just, he really didn't, he lost half his body weight. Yeah. He almost died because then he went to the hospital after and all his phosphate levels were like, completely.


And you can kill someone by giving them food too fast. Yeah. And he, They did. Which is crazy. But yeah, you start tasting pear and we thought that sounds gross. Yeah. Have you Hadn't eaten And I'm expecting some really gross taste. Yeah. Like a metallic taste. That's what I was about. Say yeah. Like you just say tasting your blood because you're eating, your body's eating its blood or something. Oh, He did 44 days. 44 days. That's why it's so funny. 'cause when he is talking about crazy, the Indian guys who do the bottle over the head, he's like, he's shocked. And I, I'm like staring at him like, are you kidding me? You Didn't eat you, you buried yourself alive.


That's to me way crazier. Okay. So when fos, What is this alarm telling me to do? Oh, you got one today. That's a ding, ding, ding From last week. Both of you. Just letting your alarms run rampant. I took a nap before this. Oh, both were nap related. Mm. Yeah. And I set it to the wrong time. Oh, thank God. I woke up on my own. Yeah. Did did he tell you, did Dex tell you about my nap? That it actually happened yesterday after we, yeah, that happened. I got a video. It just great. I fucking crashed hard like it was, He goes, I'm gonna skip the sauna and take a 20 minute nap.


And then three hours later, No, Hold on. This is so great. I text him like, Hey, time to go to dinner. And then I start thinking, I wonder if he read that text. And then I come out to the, The guest house can look, Can you look at this? Look how his legs are. I know His legs are, His legs are splayed. His, His feet are, the bottom of his feet are touching. And he's in, I guess that's a lotus position. Exactly. That Actually his hip are wide open. I'm shocked that you could sleep like that. That's Very flexible actually.


It's Impressive. Yeah. And your underwear, I thought his hand was in his pants. It's under his pants. But I, and I thought the Were his underwear. There's his swimsuit. He had great intentions. Yeah. And then I said, it was like when, on the time I tried to wake my P bob up, I was like, Aaron, Aaron, Aaron's time to go. Aaron. Aaron, it's time to go. And I'm like, Oh my God, I gotta touch him. I gotta touch him. So then I ssed his knee and that got him away. Oh, you didn't have to put wash cloths over his face. Thank God. No, but that, that's what I, what I escalated to. Yeah. Oh, three hours. Three hour tour. Little nap before dinner. Did you have a hard time going to sleep last night? No. Oh Good. Oh wow. I was a little worried.


And you napped today? Yeah, I got home from drop off. I did some like email stuff and I was on my bed and I was gonna get changed to go work out. And then I just thought, I have two hours, I'm gonna sleep for one of the hours. And then that turned into, I didn't fall asleep for half an hour and then I slept till 10 30. Wow. Yeah. And I just had, I kept laying there going, it's okay if you don't work out. Yeah, it's Okay. It is. Body Needs a rest. Yeah. And needed a rest. You had traumatic di last night That that is why? Probably It might be related to the Honest Traumatic, Okay. Buster Keaton. So he said that that Houdini, that there's a rumor that Houdini named him Buster, but that, that's been debunked.


But it says that on pbs.org. God, I trust PBS and I trust pbs.org. Yeah. Who Doesn't? So I think it's, Is P bs gonna go away 'cause of Trump? Yeah. I think it's on the Chopping block. Yeah. Oh my God. I Don't know what I'll do without Frontline. He's a monster. Okay. Yeah. Joseph Francis Keaton got his name when at six months he fell down a flight to stairs reaching the bottom unhurt and relatively undisturbed. He was picked up by Harry Houdini who said the kid could really take a buster or fall from then on, his parents in the world knew him as Buster Keaton. By the age of three, Keaton joined the family's vaudeville act, which was, which was renamed the three Keaton's for years.


He was knocked over, thrown through windows, dropped downstairs, and essentially uses a living prop. Yeah, You could really take a buster, huh? Yeah. Yeah. They would put him in a suitcase and just chuck 'em into the audience. Oh, weird. Oh man. Great. Oh my God. You know, he was obviously during the Silent Picture days, and then he, no one had ever heard his voice. And then when Talkies came around, he was in Sunset Strip or Sunset Boulevard, that famous movie. Oh yeah. It was the only time anyone ever heard him talk and, and he's in a scene playing bridge and he had his crazy low voice that no one was expecting because he was a little guy. Oh my God. Oh man.


Okay. How many times did David Blaine do Stern Eight. He's done it eight times at least. Have You heard Blaine on Stern? Yeah. Yeah. They're very memorable, aren't they? Yeah, That's what I was thinking about The water too. That was on Stern. I remember they were sending Oh, during his show, they were sending like, you know, Baba buoy down there. Yeah. Yeah. Fuck with them. Oh yeah. They have fun with them. Sure. Yeah. That's it. That's it. That's It for David. Oh, okay. Well that was really, really fun. Love you guys. Love you, love you.


Follow Armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


What if your mind could trick your body into feeling sick or even worse? In hysterical, I investigate the bizarre medical mystery that unfolds in a high school in upstate New York. It starts with one girl developing strange, violent symptoms, and then another, and then another rumors begin to swirl. Is it something in the water inside the school or is it all in their heads? Hysterical is my search for answers. And along the way, iion uncover surprising connections to unexplained incidents around the world. Events that challenge everything we think we know about our bodies and our minds. Named Podcast of the Year at the Canby Hysterical is a Mind-Bending Unforgettable Ride. Binge all episodes right now exclusively and ad free on Wondery. Plus, start your free trial of Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts.