
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert Experts on Expert. I'm Dan. She and I'm joined by Monica Padman. Hello there. Hello. We have YouTube's number one doctor, 25 million plus subscribers. Oh, sexiest Doctor Alive, 2015 People Magazine. Huge Sexy, Dr. Buzzfeed, Dr. Mike, Dr. Mike. I love Dr. Mike as you'll learn in this episode. I discovered him through my children's obsession with him.


He makes the best videos. It's the only YouTube stuff I love when they watch. He also has a podcast called The Checkup with Doctor Mike. So listen to that and just I challenge you. Go watch one Doctor Mike video on YouTube and you will just stay and watch them all. Yeah, he's very charismatic and very interesting and has a lot of knowledge. Incredibly smart. Yeah. He does these kind of mashups too, where it's like the videos you already wanna watch, like trampoline injuries. Ah. And he'll pause and go, Ooh, okay. I think that's gonna be a femur like he'll. Oh, smart. That's funny. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's lovely. We love Dr. Mike. Yes, please enjoy Dr. Mike.


We are sponsored by Audible. A great story can really spark your imagination, whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. There's more to imagine when you listen. I live for Audible, as you know. Every single night I'm listening to Audible before I go to bed and just slowly educating myself without any effort. Sometimes I like having it in paperback and listening to it at the same time. On Audible. Yeah. So I can go back and forth. I am currently listening to the entire works of Doky, and it's gonna take me quite a bit of time to go through 'em all. and I Can't Wait. And as an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. New members can try Audible for free for 30 days. Visit audible.com/dax or text Dax to 500 500. That's audible.com/dax or text Dax to 500 500.


We are supported by Squarespace, the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. We, of course have our website built by Squarespace, by Wubby Wob. He found it very easy and intuitive. You've heard us talk before, how we actually host our own website on Squarespace and we're so happy with it. Rob did a beautiful job. He used the templates. It was easy, fast, and its functionality is off the charts. Whether you're an entrepreneur looking to set up a site for your business, or you've got a passion project that's ready to reach the masses, Squarespace makes it easy for you to get your perfect website up and running. And if you're selling on your website, Squarespace also makes checkout seamless for your customers. With simple but powerful payment tools except credit cards, PayPal and Apple Pay and ineligible countries offer customers the option to buy now and pay later with Afterpay and Clear Pay. Check out squarespace.com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to squarespace.com/dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's squarespace.com/dax to get started today.


He's in our That. So cute. Bye. Oh my God. Rob, are we rolling? Yes. Oh, Dr. Mike, you got my whole family of water. I Love it. Water it. Sorry, I'm Trying to fix it. Rob, we're filming. No, he has to. No, no, no. It's good. It's good. As long as you think it's okay. You Like it. He's our Guinea comfortable. Yeah. I'm the Guinea pig guest. I like it. It's a Guinea pig, but an expert as well. I know. But you should tell us the problems.


Feel free to tell us all The problems. You see them we'll of it. We just see any problems you see. Shine a light on. Okay. Yeah. Medically, or not all of it. I deputize you to be hypercritical. I was. Okay. Deal. God, you're so cute. In real life too. Oh my God, I Appreciate that. It's impossible. Did you see how tall he was, Monica? Yeah, I said And tall Too. Have you ever added it up? How many hours of content you've created? At this point It's like 800 videos. And they're generally how Long? 10 minutes. But then the podcasts up to three hours at times. Oh. If you and another doctor get geeking out, it can geeking out, Run away. I like to debate. I'm like you. I love that stuff. I love getting into it and finding disagreements because I feel like that's a great way to find truth.


Yes. I'm a fan Also. Do you find that a great source of fuel is a debate? Yeah. In fact, I had another doctor on and we were arguing about Eastern verse Western medicine, and I was talking about it and I was getting excited and he took it as aggression. And because he's in the psych space, he said, hold on a second. What are you feeling right now? Oh wow. and I was like, wow. This is like cool. I'm being terrified in the moment. Yeah. I said, I'm excited. He goes, are you sure you're excited? Not angry. I'm like, no, I'm excited. 'cause we're truth seeking together. And when that happens, I get really, really in the zone. Okay. Well we share this not only now the height, but also that I have been accused many times. My wife will say to me, she'll go pause. You're very large. Does that ever get told to you?


Like, yes, sure. You're arguing with the same veracity as everyone else, but you're very large and you gotta kind of remember that. and I don't always remember that. Yeah. Are you loud too? That is a factor. Has your Volume generally? Not with my dogs. Yeah. Like I try and be that, that stern parent. Sure. With My alpha. Yeah. Although that's been a little disproven with animals and such. Oh wait. Oh, this could be a first debate. I mean, I Not an Expert now I wanna hear about it. A lot of this debate comes from definitions and people arguing about what words mean? Vocabulary. Yes. Semantics. Yeah, Semantics. So the idea of being an alpha in most people's minds is about like dominating an animal. Yeah. Is that you? Well, anytime I use the word alpha, I mean, yeah. But also When I use the word alpha, I think for her we have different definitions of it.


And she regularly, am I speaking correctly for you that you do interpret that as like almost a bully as an alpha? Sure. Maybe that's fair. But I think when we're normally talking about it, you are talking about a hierarchy and you are saying, this person is an alpha and I think I interpret that as that person is the one that everyone wants to be or take down or evaluate themselves by. and I don't always agree with that. Fair. And that's different life experiences showing themselves through a definition. Also, Just what I studied in college, which is primates and social primates and the hierarchy and Yeah. These roles that intuitive and primitive and evolutionarily came about, they're there.


Yeah. In different species. So wolves have a different meaning of hierarchy than primates do. And I'm not an expert. Well, that's kind of an assumption maybe. But I will say from a human side of things, especially as it relates to dogs, to me an alpha is the dog should look for you to guide it because you know more. Yes. You know that if it's eating something that's gonna make it die, the dog should look for you to be the leader in that situation. That's my understanding of what an alpha is. Yes. And also I think you could say like, oh, if there's an alpha there, someone's being subjugated. But I would say like for the dog, it puts them at great ease to know what that is. If you're intermittently an alpha with your dog, and then sometimes you're not, I think it's confusing. And a source of anxiety.


It Can be. Yeah. It's all about a balance. and I feel like that. We're gonna get back to that balance all the time throughout this conversation. Because if you overdo the alpha thing, then you're becoming dominating and mean and rude to your dog. And on the other hand, if you're too loose, the dog can develop anxiety. So it's finding that right balance. Well, isn't that life, it's the nuance between the binary and everything we're presented is binary, especially on Social media. Yes. As shocking as this may be, some people won't know about Dr. Mike. And so I wanna bring them up to speed of just how enormous you are. And of course, my own personal journey with discovering you through my daughters, which has been delightful in general. I can't stand YouTube. I hate when they're on YouTube 'cause it's so quick and it takes you to the next thing. I don't love it. But please Subscribe to us on YouTube.


Yes. With The exception of Dr. Mike and now us. But when I walk in and Lincoln's binging you, I'm like, go for it. Keep going. And she'll be policing everyone around the world. Like that's pseudoscience. That's not ever been. Oh my God. That's a great word. Wow. Oh. yeah. Yeah. In fact, Kristen got this, maybe she already told you. She got this neck stretcher. She saw like it was advertised to her on Instagram and it arrived. Andris was excited to use it. And Lincoln goes, Dr. Mike says those are not good for your neck. Oh my. And Kristen, listen. Yeah. Well I would too. Yeah. So Tall. The goal of the whole YouTube channel is just to give practical, realistic advice in the age where everything is binary. Yeah. Yeah. It's either all good or all bad or this is the miracle, this is the cure all.


And that's just not the reality in medicine's. So imperfect. So I hope that nuance is translated. Do You know your demographics for your audience? Yeah. Does it shock you that my daughters are at that young age? No, that's Like 15% of my audience. Okay. At that age group, What is the breakdown? Actually a lot of people will make an assumption and say, oh, the good looking Dr. Guy, you must have a only female audience. It's 50 50. No, it's actually more, I think it might be like 60 40 male. You have such an interesting history and I just wanna start by saying, do you know anything about Mila Kunis? I know that she's of Ukrainian background And she came here at roughly six same age and just had to plop into an elementary school and figure it out. I think that's a character builder.


I think so. I think anytime you're entering an unfamiliar environment, especially to that degree where it's like you don't know the language, your parents have to start from scratch. That's a shocker for most people. And obviously very motivating to see your parents go through something like that. Yeah. So your dad is Ukrainian, but he went to medical school in Moscow near Moscow. But was It called the third medical school or something like that? You can say. I thought that was a bizarre name. Anytime something is the third, I get nervous. All my, I know Everyone Ling, keep it outta the title. Don't say he's the third. Yeah. But obviously he was a practicing doctor in Russia. Yeah. Where you grew up until five. And mom was a mathematics Professor.


Yeah. PhD mathematics teacher. Yeah. If you hadn't done well in school, I had no one to blame. but Yeah. Oh my God. Talk about getting set up for being bright. Do Your brothers and sisters? I have an older sister. And was she brilliant too? She's done the entire world of medicine. It seems. She's a physician assistant, but then she opened up like a cryotherapy place. Oh wow. She kind of went the opposite world that I'm in. More like holistic wellness and I'm medical. Medical. Oh, I want to be at that Thanksgiving dinner when you guys start talking about the benefits. We definitely Get our fair shares. You just said medical. Medical on Grey's Anatomy. Yeah. When they write scripts and they just don't know how to write any of the medical terms, they just write medical. Medical. Do They? Yeah. In the script.


And then they are gonna have the expert consultants figure Out Fill what that is fill. But the writers just draft that in medical. Yeah. There's a famous example of that getting on the air. Do you remember this? No. Not that exact thing. But it was Tarbucks? No, it was like an episode. Episode of csi, the Game of Thrones. Wait, there's a Starbucks cup in Game by Throne. Yes. Remember they left the Starbucks cup In Ooh. It was like a CSI or something. And the line was reveal important new fact of case something that nuts. And they just said it and everyone there was like year 11 and no one was paying attention. And it made it to Aaron and I. Think That's so fantastic. That is great. Okay. But mom and dad leave when you're five. Your sister's 14.


Yeah. You come to Brooklyn. Refugee status. What did dad do when he landed here? Start taking English lessons because he ended up in medical school a year after that. Really? And so he had to recertify himself to practice here. Medical School residency. Oh my God. In a new language in his forties. Oh. While my mom is basically sweeping floors to make ends meet. Oof. What character? Right. I try to think what would have to happen to me in the next five years and I would have to leave America. Go to a country where I don't speak the language and redo all my education. Do it all over again. Yes. I wouldn't even know. No, no. What was it they were sort Of predicting what's happening now in Russia?


Oh, they saw that corruption was at an all time high. They saw religious persecution was terrible. And you all are Jewish, right? My father's Jewish. My mom is Christian Catholic mix. Because of having Jewish background, people would treat you differently. That was the reality that my father grew up in. He couldn't be promoted to certain ranks within his jurisdiction of healthcare because of that. And they were like, we need to get outta here for the sake of our children. Yeah. You were born right when I suppose the wall fell, right? Yep. You were able to watch your dad practice medicine while you were still a kid, which I think is probably really relevant. Yep. Was he like a superhero? To me it was so exciting to see the learning process.


'cause most kids aren't of age where they see their parents go through school. Oh, Right, right, right. and I watched it and I watched him study and I saw what he was studying and he would be leaving his textbooks open and I would say, oh my God, I want to know about that. Yeah. Why does my muscle cramp up when I'm in TaeKwonDo? Or some sport that I'm playing? and I fell in love. I was like, I have to learn more about this. and I actually got the nickname Doctor Mike when I was in high school. Oh. Because all my friends would come to me. Yeah. As if I knew shit. Yeah, yeah. And would say like, Hey, I did this to my me. Like where do you think I should do? and I'd be like, oh, well my dad always says. Right. I'm sure you weren't short with advice. Definitely Given way too much Advice. Were you precocious? Problematic is Probably, yeah. So one of my, we gotta fast forward so then I can double back.


Oh, we already have a problem. Huge problem. Look at this. That never Happens. Rob. You can come fix it. I mean, I fixed it. We just need a new one. I kind of want Rob in the shot for two seconds. They look alike. You think so? Yeah. That is so flattering. You don't really think so. Not you. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh. Yeah. Rob. Let's see. Rob and Doctor. Mike look like brothers. Are you A Russian background? Polish. Oh, so close. And my last name is Polish background. Polish. Yeah. Maybe we should do some genetic testing here. Oh, figure this out. I'm sorry. Oh, that was a bummer. I got so excited for half a second.


I know. Okay. You also, I mean I got that hiding common Look like that's enough from the back. Poorly lit. Yeah. You might could have the same silhouette. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So we have to fast forward a little bit. You go to medical school, you have this accelerated program through New York Technical Institute, New York Institute of Technology. Really close. You decide to start documenting it on Instagram. What made you think to do that? I can after the fact right now, create some really good stories. Yeah. Tempting. I, I thought that it was cool to share a med student's life because there was a lot of stigma associated with giving up your social life when you went to medical school. and I was like, no, no, no. This is totally doable. and I liked showing that.


And there was also benefits to it. You get some followers as a broke medical student, you might get into a cool party. Yeah. So there was like things I took advantage of and I said, oh, let's keep putting stuff out and see what happens. And then I had one of those viral moments where Buzzfeed writes a story, Check out this sexy doctor. Wow. 2015. And then people names use Sexiest Doctor A Alive. Oh My God. Which is an interesting distinction. 'cause a couple things. Does that imply that there were much hotter doctors that are now dead? Who are those? Oh, that are no longer alive. Why alive? I think I took Sanjay Gupta was the sexiest doctor alive before me. Oh, He is sexy. He is sexy. But also poor Sanjay.


What? Poor Sanja. Young buck comes along. Oh, replaces replace. Yeah. That is sad. Sanjay has been on the show several times. We love him. We're friends. Love him. He's from Michigan. He wasn't a heart throb in high school. That's all I'm gonna say. So he had this great Type. I wasn't either. That's what I was saying. I gotta set this up so I can go back and just find out. Was this a complete revelation to you or were you killing it in high school? No, I was nerdy in high school and didn't get a lot of female attention. That was news to me in that regard. But then in college, in medical school, I started coming into myself. Yeah. Getting into fitness, weight lifting. Were You super skinny in high school? Very skinny. What kind of weights were we So skinny? Where I remember going to the beach with a girl that like I like.


Yeah. and I was like, she's gonna like that I have a six pack. Yeah. And instead she goes, you're all skin and bones. Oh. and I. Amm. Like, oh, that's the last thing I wanted a year. Nice. So after that I said, I'm gonna start working out real hard. That's rough. Hurt my shoulder. And you, the typical thing, voice's Form events. Try to bench press way too much. Yeah. First time out. Exactly. Literally. I gotta put on some Muslim as tomorrow. Yep. Okay. So then that's really fun to have not been a stud in high school and then get named all those things. It's Messy because then it starts going to your head a little bit. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And you start like Oh. yeah. I'm gonna start writing inspirational quotes right now because I actually know stuff. Oh. So I started doing that and then I got like 30 likes on those quotes.


I would show them to people and be like, look at this. Life's not just fun in games. Oh no. Well that's the problem is if you haven't had the full experience leading up to that moment, this plagues actors who get on TV and movies and then overnight all of a sudden they're very attractive to everyone. They have no practice in dealing with that. And they write inspirational quotes. That was also the era of inspirational quotes. It's like Twitter. What was Twitter in its early days? People saying they're in the bathroom or writing an inspo quote. Yeah. Or trying to be funny. That was a Big, that was a bit Part of it. Did you have a favorite inspirational quote that you No, they were all, I mean You were stealing them from other places. I Wasn't stealing them. I'll give myself credit.


I did not plagiarize. Okay. But they were not anything revolutionary for, they weren't great. They were not anything new. There was no innovation there. I'm Gonna pull some up for the fact check. I was gonna say stay tuned for the fact check. Yeah. Do they exist still or did you go clean that up? They're still there. Yeah. God bless you. You gotta leave That. Oh wow. You gotta leave that stuff. A lot of integrity. Okay, so that's taking off. Did you have any show busy fantasies growing Up? Not really. I wanted to do athletics, which is why the whole boxing arc happened. But doing the seven year program that actually precludes you from participating in NCAA sports. Wow. Because of the number of credits you're taking, you're not allowed to participate. What Would've been your sport? Probably soccer.


I played soccer well in high school and I really wanted to play that going into college. Oh. yeah. You have nice thighs. I'm checking 'em out right now. Yeah, they're solid. I've worked so hard to get mine. About 70% that size. Your first year of medical school, your mom gets cancer. Or perhaps she had already had, she already had Cancer for a Little bit. Yeah. Leukemia. Yep. So she what had a phase of it and then went into remission. The Way that it happened is my parents, when they first found out, they hid it from us. Yeah. And they kind of kept us in the dark. Oh, mom's sick, but you know, it's no big deal. And I'm focused on school. Then they told us that she has this cancer that actually people live to old age with and it's not something that actually cuts life short.


And then we started seeing her get sicker and sicker and sicker. And we realized she has a unique variant where in her case it is problematic. And she needed more extensive treatments, which meant that we had to fly her brother in from Russia do stem cell transplants. Oh wow. Bone marrow, all that. And that's an intense process because you essentially have to destroy one's immune system and replace it with siblings. Yes. Whoa. And that was really what ended up making her lose her life. How long was that? Let me also say, so my dad died in 2012 of small cell carcinoma. So I had that experience and that was very truncated. That was like diagnosis in August, dead on December 31st.


And then my stepfather had prostate cancer and he died. But he died over the course of, I guess, you know, two or three years. And for me, having gone through both of those experiences, what I learned with my dad that I was able to apply to my stepdad, which is like first and foremost, it's their thing. They get to decide what they want to do, what treatment they want or don't want. And fighting that at the end is such a waste of time. Like regret fighting with him about decisions he was making, but then also dealing with oncologists was an interesting experience. and I think I walked away thinking, you gotta remember, they're very myopic. They have almost a single goal, which is to kill cancer cells.


And they're not terribly holistic about what it's gonna do to every other aspect of your life and your body Practitioner dependent. Right? Sure. This specific example that happened was, my dad was so late in this and there's cancer everywhere. He had it in his bones, he had it in a lot of organs, had it in his brain. And an oncologist came in and said, I'd like to do brain radiation. And I'm like, I mean, he's gonna die of cancer soon here. Is that worse to die of that? Is that the one we should try to arrest? I told my dad, don, don't think you should do this. He's like, I wanna do it. We did it. It had some pretty major side effects for his cognitive function. You know, ultimately in retrospect, I'm like, well that was really a dumb idea. And then three weeks later he was dead. So maybe in that anecdotal example I thought, well yeah, that guy's job is to kill brain cancer In the correct sequence of events.


When a doctor presents a treatment, it should be presenting treatment, A, B, C, and indeed no treatment and discussion of pros and cons and then allowing you to make that decision or a loved one to make that decision. Yeah. Healthcare's changed in that regard. Where now in our education, we talk about the team-based healthcare approach where sometimes I'll make an outright recommendation to a patient and then say, how do you feel about it? Do you wanna do that? Do you have any concerns? And then we can talk about those concerns. In other instances I say, look, it's not even clear cut what to do here based on the evidence. So we can do option A and here's the pros and cons of option A and here's option B. And they'll say, what would you do? And I'll say, this isn't about me, let's talk about this with your family.


I can give you more data, but it shouldn't be me deciding. So I think we're all very curious when you ask your doctor, what would you do? And they generally do not want to advise you. Yeah. Is there anything like with HIPAA that they're not supposed to? Well, It's not hipaa, HIPAA's patient privacy stuff. I think from like a doctor ethics perspective, you wanna respect one of these tenets of our care called bodily autonomy, where we don't tell you what to do if you're a competent adult with your care and you're not a child. You know those kind of specific situations. When patients ask us that question, it's essentially making us tell them what to do. Yeah. Yeah. So we wanna not be biased in that regard. We can make recommendations and say, this seems to be the better play.


I could say, based on what you told me is important to you, this sounds like it's a better option for reasons A, B, and C. How do you feel about it? And that's the correct way. Does that happen in every single doctor's interaction? No. Yeah. Unfortunately not. Also Because then it becomes personal. If you ask what would you do? I think it'd be hard to be medical and professional. You then become you as a real person, which is maybe not ideal in that scenario Because you have different wants and needs for what the patient has. And from the patient point of view, of course they wanna know that. Especially if they trust you. Yeah. You're someone that they trust and seem to be objective. And so you're looking for some guidance and it's very tempting to seek that advice.


We've had Oul gowane on and I think his take on, what do you want this experience to be? What are the goals in this last few months? Do you wanna walk around? Do you wanna do this? You should know what the goals are before you figure out what the strategy is. And that goes for not just end of life care, like in a situation like that. It also goes for something as simple as back pain. When people come in and they say, look, I have back pain to two outta 10. I can introduce various interventions, but some of those interventions have side effects. Then we have to explore, is it worth going and pursuing some of these avenues or are we trying to get to a number that's not realistic?


A b has way more risk of harm and see what's the benefit. Yeah. Like if you're a pro athlete and going from two to zero is gonna change your livelihood, maybe it's worth it. Yeah. Yeah. But if you're a person who's like, it doesn't really stop me from doing anything, it's just kind of annoying. Well then the options radically change of what we should do. and I think that's the important pros and cons, weighing of patient individuality that we need to take into consideration. So okay. Now back to mom. Going through that experience, did that at all impact how you personally view that process? I think the biggest thing that changed for me in that regard was the moments where she passed. So I remember very vividly we're in one of the big cancer centers in New York.


The alarms start going off, the residents run in to start doing chest compressions, which is something I talk about on my channel a lot. And they're like, I think we should stop. Yeah. and I understand why they're saying it because I'm already a med student at that time. I see the medications that she's on and my dad is in disbelief even though he's a doctor. Yeah, totally not rational. That's what I mean. You can't be you, she'll be fine. It's okay. Have him keep doing it. I saw that it was too far gone. So I actually was the one who had to tell him to stop Oh. yeah. Wow. And just seeing how that whole process played out, watching my father go home alone and then not know what to do. They had a trip planned a week later. Yeah. And the nurses laughing at the nursing station after.


Not about my mom. Right. Sure. They're humans. They have Day Going on in their lives. Yeah. They have death all day in the ICU. They need to laugh, but like hearing it gets you angry. Yeah. And especially like you're waiting for some paperwork or something. So then when I was a resident, I remember having some of my colleagues laughing about something unrelated and I'm like, just make sure the parents don't hear you because they're in a bad spot. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a life experience thing that you can share with others. Do you think it was uniquely brutal on your father to have been someone? I mean, look, we all want to solve our loved one's problems. And if you're an expert in some area and even you are powerless, I just feel like it must be compounded so much what he went through.


It was compounded, but not for that reason. He had the worst year that I can imagine having as an adult. He just gave up his whole life to come to another country. He just got on his feet. After going through medical school and residency, he opened his own practice. He bought his first home. He's so happy to share this moment with his wife and family. His dad dies. My grandfather dies that year. His mom dies, my grandmother dies. Cheez three months apart. Within a year my mom dies. Oh Fuck me. This is so, This Is Not tenable. Oh God. And there was other stuff going on too, which makes it even worse. But it was just a lot to witness a person go through all that and still be like, I'm going to work.


I'm showing up for my patients. This is terrible. I'm gonna deal with it, but I need to show up for my family. Well they're probably the life preserver, the patients to have that Oh. Yeah. Calm. And that's, and Ive seen that as well, where people are like, why are you still practicing medicine when you have such success on social media? I'm like, are you kidding me? That's the joy. Right. That is by far where you get the most refilling of your cup. Yeah. And meaning. Yeah, Exactly. Well, he's just stole one of my questions for later, which is like, at what point do we just do the YouTube? Can't do it. Yeah. Yeah. And Sanjay, he still practices. Yeah. Yeah. You're the heir apparent to Sanjay, I would say. I was just on his podcast. Oh you are. Yeah. Chasing life. He just couldn't be more delightful. Right? Yeah. He's a lover. And it's great to see someone in the healthcare space who's so successful in media who hasn't sold out to the bullshit.


Yeah. Yeah. Because man, everyone sold out so Easy. Yeah. So easy to Some of the big names on YouTube. Well I was even thinking you have this incredible YouTube channel. There's 25 million followers. Or maybe there's more at this point. But monetizing it for you is so much trickier than, so for us, we're not trusted medical professionals. It's called armchair experts. Exactly. The armchairs very on purpose imperative in this. So yeah, we're free to talk about really anything. 'cause it's just too bozos talking about anything. But it must limit, well it Limits it because I understand my word carries different value to people. and I don't wanna take advantage of that. So I stay away from all of that medical promise of Yeah.


Solution. When does the Instagram, you start that in 2012. Yeah. Around. And then 2017 we start the YouTube channel. Yep. So how do we transition from documenting your life, getting followers going to nightclubs. It's a party to maybe more mission driven, or at least what I interpret your show to B. And why I love it is you're largely doing what my favorite person on Instagram. Do you know Elaine Norton by chance? Of course. You just saw my podcast as well. Ah, yeah. I Love Larry. Literally we were texting two days ago. Oh. Yeah. Isn't he the greatest? Yeah. Yeah. I love him. So you're doing that. You're debunking a lot of these popular ideas about diet, medical treatments, supplements. Yeah. There's just like Two worlds that exist right now on social media.


and I tried to bridge the gap between them, which is world one. It's complete bs, fearmongering scaring people. And then there's this world of hyper optimization where it's like the promise of getting bigger, faster, stronger, longevity, anti-aging. and I'm like, this is BS both sides. Yeah. Yeah. Here's the reality. The people that are doing the hardcore research that no one knows about, they're nerdy, they're not great on talking on camera. Yes. Right? Right. To be honest, they should be delivering my message. 'cause they're the ones that are the experts. Yes. But what I can do, well, where I found my skill is taking their knowledge, their confounded complicated science. Yeah. And translating it to the general public so that we have a chance against the people that are spreading the misinformation to confuse folks.


I hate to admit on that spectrum. I'm definitely in the camp on your right hand. I'm like, yes. Anything that could possibly make me more fit. I'm gonna listen to. Well tell why. Why? Very skeptical. Why? Why? Why do you like that? Attack? Attack. Stick him out would alpha him with love muscles. Okay. I fucking love muscles. Okay. Mike, can I call you Mike? Yeah, please. Please. Could I probably say doctor? No, please call me Mike. I'm happy to do it either way. Like I love muscles. I've loved them since I was a kid. Conone in the barbarian. I'm so much older than you. But had you been my age and you saw Conone in the barbarian, I promise you would've made an indelible mock. Well I, I watched Zena and Hercules like when I was growing up, I would try and lift the couch and do the Yeah. Were you inordinately attracted to that? Yeah, of course. Yes. I just love muscles. I am a expert on people's bodies.


I can tell you like Pete Dennis Rodman arm. Okay. Body. Mm. This say, okay, you're an naturalist. I can feel like I go toe to toe on male physiques. You're right with anyone. I'll give you that. What was the best bread pick? Like the Troy. Right? Well so that's one look or Fight club. Fight club is very, very lean. He's probably like, every Time I would go to a personal trainer, I was like, this is it. That's what Everyone's saying. No one realizes he's like 1 35 in that movie's. Exactly. Yeah. I think what I like most or maybe a emotional philosophical thing is you don't pick your face. You come on, you got this face, you got this nose, you got whatever you got. Well These days that's not Well that's true. Surgical Option And I'm not not lot of options. Lot items on the menu.


Customization these days is high. This room has some of that going on. I'll say it. This side of the room has, I like to introduce nuances. Conversation, Stay tuned for more. Armchair expert. If you dare.


There's nothing worse than getting home from your trip only to find out you missed a can't miss travel experience. That's why you need via tour book, guided tours, activities, excursions, and more in one place to make your trip. Truly unre regrettable via tour makes it easy to explore over 300,000 travel experiences. Everything from simple tours to extreme adventures and all the niche interesting stuff in between. So you can plan something that everyone you're traveling with will enjoy real traveler reviews. Give the inside scoop from people who have already been on the experience you're considering so you can plan with confidence. Free cancellation helps you plan for the unexpected. And 24 7 customer service means you always have support around the clock. Download the Via tour app now to use code via tour. 10 for 10% off your first booking in the app. Regret less, do more with Via tour.


This episode is sponsored by Autotrader. There's a good chance you're driving right now. Look around safely. What do you see? Cars. Lots of them. And guess what? They're probably on Autotrader. Whether you're into timeless classics or the latest trends. Did somebody say solar powered eco-friendly, vegan, leather wrapped, aromatherapy scented, disco ball equipped self-driving car. If you see it on the road, you can likely find it on Autotrader. Big cars, small cars, blue cars, new cars, used cars, electric cars. And one day maybe even flying cars with millions to choose from. Buying a car becomes a whole lot easier. See it. Find it. Autotrader. Find your next car on autotrader.com.


Now more than ever, people are relying on their community pharmacy. Fortunately CVS pharmacy team members are passionate about their local communities. In fact, 87% of pharmacists wish their customers would ask more questions about their health needs. Does your CVS pharmacist go above and beyond for you? We'd love to hear your story. Share it at cvs.com/stories. That's cvs.com/stories. CVS making healthier happen together.


When I know I can change something, I'm really drawn to it. So the notion that like your body, you have a lot to say in how you look. I have looked so many different ways. My body, my face has been largely the same. But I kinda love that and I'm like a goal-oriented person and I'm kind of a militaristic routine person. and I like the sense of control it gives me, I like to be able to observe results. I love it. I'm not sure what the finish line is, But that sounds like a positive thing. Yeah. Yeah. But it also sounds like you're defending it a bit. Well you asked me why am I so obsessed with muscles, didn't you? Well, no. I said why are you so much on the camp or the right side of living forever and anti-aging and all that? Well First of all, don don't wanna die like everyone else. Okay. Everyone in my family's died young. So I think I'm even more incentivized to figure out how to at least add a decade to this.


My dad was 62, that's not gonna work for me. I have a much different lifestyle. Yeah. If I hear creatine, I will remember where I'm sitting when I hear about creatine, right? I'm in a science class in Santa Monica City College in 95. I'm like, wait, there's an over the counter supplement that gives you 11% more body mass. It was promised at the time. And I'm like, fuck yes, I'm gonna try that. And then also I started doing testosterone six years ago and I'm like, oh my God, I fucking love this. This is fantastic. I'm can't imagine you're super pro testosterone removal. Find out. Well, no, I mean, we'll find out. It depends. I'm a 900, I'm not going to 1500. Yes. But also when you're starting, it matters.


And for what purpose you're starting, it matters. So there's like a lot of nuance that needs to be had in those situations. But I feel like what happens on social media is bro says he was depressed. Bro says his gains weren't as strong as they were 10 years ago. Yeah. Bro's taking TRT then comes on my podcast and says I'm taking TRT and I'm like, oh, were your levels low before? And he goes, no, no, they were normal. I'm like, then you're not taking TRT, you're just taking supplemental testosterone. Which is not tt the elective. Yeah. That's the hyperop optimization that I warn people against For sure. And look, I'd like the thing, I'm pretty objective about it, but like there's a cost benefit analysis to look at and there is a, do I wanna live to this age feeling this way or do I wanna live, you know, a little bit less than that and feel this way?


You know, are you all about longevity? Are you quality over quantity? These are like philosophical Questions. Well, those are important questions. My thing that I always like to introduce into these conversations is how much we don't know. Even with testosterone as an example, the idea that if you take it you will feel a certain way. Right? It's just not true. I mean to add, Oh God, you have a very specific look on your face. No, it's personality. You're also an addict. You're an addict. And that side to me leans a little more addictive. Where you know, you do the sauna and you eat this very specific thing and there's a challenge to it that I think you feel good if you've mastered that challenge.


Yeah. I would argue that it's a replacement for what another addiction might be. Exactly. This one so far has been largely beneficial. That's what Life is. What's healthy to eat. It's like, well what are you replacing it with? Right? Yeah. That's the real question. So if you're replacing an unhealthy habit with this habit, maybe that's good for you as a form of risk reduction. When we used to say the only way to prevent STDs is absence. People are like, yeah, we're not gonna do that. Yeah. And then St D rates climb and they're like, oh, what about condom use? We continued risk reduction and understanding how it works with human biology. So in this case, what works for you great could work for you. And it could be a totally healthy coping mechanism. The thing that gets complicated is when we talk about it in generalities and on social media and how a lot of podcasters not You talk about it.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. They talk about it as like, I have the solution. I'm the health Guru. I'm never promoting it. Mine is, I need to be honest, if you look at me and I'm 49 and I have this muscle mass, I need to include like, yes, I'm eating this way and I'm working out this way. But also I take testosterone. I would feel dishonest to not be owning it. By no means am I promoting it don. Don't think dudes who've not had kids yet. If your numbers aren't low. Yeah, I'm not on a promotion. I will listen to all of it. And then I think I'm pretty skeptical, so I'll run it through a little bit of a, okay, so we didn't really answer though. When did you feel the exact transition to like it being lifestyle and then turning into kind of a mission driven, I'm gonna debunk stuff and educate people. I always wanted to have value from this moment.


The viral moment happened and it was all about looks and all that. and I was like, it's so fun. and I was, well how do I move that into something meaningful? 'cause I'm getting this education also, Your looks are gonna go away. Tell you. That's true too. Yeah. And your quotes, you only have so many. That's what I'm saying. Gonna run out. and I would sit there and I would say like, what can I do with this? And initially, what can I do as a resident? So I auctioned off a date for charity. 'cause I was like, oh that's like a helpful thing. And we gave six figures to charity doing that. Wow. That's So fun. How was that date? Hold on, hold on. It was really awkward. We Need all the up Can imagine. Oh my God. We need all the, because I'm, I'm not, I just imagine my dream date doesn't bid a lot of money to date me. It wasn't a a sum of money. You had to buy like a lotto ticket. Oh, well Then that opens up the door to all kinds of, yeah.


Cool. I just didn't know what I was doing. Right. You're starting out with popularity and you're like, I'll do something for charity. That sounds positive. Yeah. Yeah. Did you almost get trapped in that moment? 'cause that's a very, I thought it was weird. Subjective moment. It was weird. And then being in media in general felt so unnatural. You're used to having your close group of friends or maybe even a wider tribe. You're doing reputation management every time you're at a party. Yeah. But now it's like millions of people. Yeah. And everyone has an opinion. You don't know what to do with that. I had no training in that. So it was a growing phase of trying to figure out what that meant. You're Also terribly young. I was pretty young. I was like 24 when all that was going on. Now it's even worse. There's like 16 year olds going viral.


That's worse for them. Oh no, no. Yeah. That terrifies me for them At least. I had some sort of education knowledge, some background. Oh my God. Did you feel like, am I supposed to kiss this person? Because they paid six? Oh God, there's come on Six. There's been six figures on the line here. I would've kiss the shit outta. I know you. That's it was a Respectful like Oh. yeah. and I. Think her mom worked at her hair salon and she heard about it and she brought her a ticket. So don don't even know if she liked me that much. A lot was happening during that time. There's a lot of new things coming your way. And to answer your question, basically I got all these invites to go on television and I was like, I'll go on under the guise of like they're inviting the sexy doctor, but I'm gonna talk about something health related.


Substantive. Yeah. And That worked for two weeks. Right. And then they're like, we don't care about you anymore. You're too young of a doctor. You're no have enough experience. You're bad. Like doctor Yeah. Get out. Yeah. Take your shirt up or get the fuck outta here. No, No. That happened. I bet. Like One of those entertainment shows invited me and they're like, oh our reporter wants to go to a gym and work out and you'll talk about the benefits of exercise. I'm like, awesome. Perfect. Show up to the gym. They're like, all right, take off your shirt. The reporter's not coming. We're just gonna get B-roll stop. Yeah. And I'm like, deuces. Yeah. So I just left and because I didn't care. Yeah. The fame wasn't the end goal. You Had a real job. Yeah. Luckily That's like a woman. This is the opposite of what I normally do. But if that happened to a woman, we'd be like, that's what are the names harassment?


Yeah. They're fired. Yeah. There's lot have problems. Weird stuff like that. You do like Rachel Ray and she's like, oh my God, you look like a Chippendales stripper whatever on television. And I'm like, oh Man, I didn't rehearse a response to that. Yeah, this may shock you. So I'm lucky enough that I was able to push through all that and say, okay, I won't get the invite so I'll just do it myself on social media. Right. And social media removed some gatekeepers and as a result we have this very successful YouTube channel. Yeah. And it's fantastic. So very little of the content my kids like am I interested in? and I will regularly be in the kitchen. It's on, they're binging it. and I will sit down and I'll do fucking 35 minutes of you. And you're funny in your irreverent, but the info's dense and it's there.


It's so good. The production of It's quite good. Yeah. The way you interact with the clips and the graphics and everything. It's a really great show. It's fun and I. Think what we've managed to do is make the scandal about like the corniness or the sexy doctor or the silly humor as opposed to corrupting the medical information. Which is how people get views on social media. Yeah. Right. They have those. Here's the pink Himalayan sea salt. You're not eating. If you have headaches, this is what you need to, that's an actual video online. Oh, I'm sure I've seen any product under the sun is the quintessential thing that's killing you. Any object. Or. We will save you. Yeah. Alright. I want to get into some of the medical stuff. Cool. A little bit here. So we have a big debate here about whether farting is Holding in your farts.


Holding in your farts. One, I think it's possible. Dax thinks it's impossible to do. That's actually not my position per design. I must be dealing with much more than you. Oh. If you're able to hold it. 'cause there's just no way I would. So I'm just starting by saying maybe our baseline amount of gas. So that's that's true Issue one. Because I said no, you're just being a jerk and just entitled. You're entitled. And you're just farting all the time. And I've known Monica for 10 years now and she's yet to fart around me. Which is insane 'cause we're spending four. Well There's also guy humor. Exactly. That's each other. That's her Argument. Cultural. But then Dax told me that you said that I'll die if don don't fart in front of him. Lincoln told me not die, but Lincoln told me.


That's what I, Mike said, it's not healthy to hold your farts in which I promptly reported to you 'cause I care about your house. And we, so we would talk to you in person about this. Okay, Let's talk about sphincter. Yeah. Because sphincter control is awesome because if we didn't have sphincter control, we would be defecating ourselves. Where we sitter our sphincter is actually quite interesting in that it has a sensor built in to know when it's just a fart. Or is there matter? Oh, Well his is Defunct. So actually under our control, the practical answer of this, it doesn't matter. I mean, could you hold them or not? I Mean, yeah. I thought there was a story about barring extreme. I know someone's gonna be like, this person had some gang, his bowel situation.


Sure. A rupture Barre, please hold your farts. Please fart. Do whatever. It makes you Feel happy. I feel victorious. You should. And now I gotta find the video that Lincoln claims to be referencing in her bibliography of your show. This may interest you, maybe you've already thought of this. We had an astronaut on and he had been in space for a year. I think he spent the longest amount of time in space. A couple things that shocked me. I was like, does it feel so great to sleep in space? 'cause you're like weightless, you know, always trying to get comfortable on the pillow like it seems like it. And he said it's nearly impossible to sleep in space because gamma rays, which are blocked by the atmosphere, are coming through your eyelids. They penetrate your eyelids. So you're laying in bed with your eyes closed and you're getting huge flashes of light that are the gamma rays.


What? Isn't that fucking crazy? That's Wild. So that was one thing that was nuts. And then another thing was you can't shit because your digestive system is gravity driven. And he said that the Russian cosmonauts gave him the advice, want to take shit, eat more food basically. Or maybe like a gastric massage. Not gastric intestinal motility Massage. Yeah. So I was like, oh, I would've never thought about, oh, and then the other thing he said, which would make total sense to you is taller. Well your body is designed to live at one ATM. Right. So it's a pressurized system driving blood up to the top of your head. Well, without that atmospheric pressure, it pushes way too much blood to your brain. So they have headaches, they're getting flashes of light and They can't share.


Wow. I wonder what the adaptation process for that is. 'cause a human body does adapt quite well. It's a master of homeostasis. Yeah. You know, there's These astronauts stuck up there right now. Yeah, I heard that. It's so is so weird. Space scares me. Oh No. I have no desire to You. Like that's my anxiety. Anytime I look up, I get nervous, I get vertigo. I just start thinking the world's ending. Yeah. Anytime you look up. Yeah. Like just anytime Open spaces, I'm like, we're all gonna die Oh. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not gonna be on any of those ships. No you won't. Blue Origin or whatever. The only thing that seems very enviable is many of the astronauts describe looking out the window. They say like when they're not doing the things they're mandated to do, most of them will spend their free time just laying in the bed, staring, staring at earth, watching it go around.


And they all say there's something so surreal about being on the outside of it and how beautiful it is. I believe that. I'm envious of that. Have You ever flown a fighter jet since? You like speed? No, I've been invited a couple times. I know that you throw up. I know. That's what they do to you. They try. Yeah. and I and I did the Thunderbird Thunderbirds. You Did it. Yeah. And you didn't throw up. No Because and I did 9.3 G's. 9.3 G's. What was that experience like? I mean, I'm afraid ofs out a little scared to hold this stuff. Oh. yeah, you totally blackout. Yeah. You have to do the G straining maneuver where like you're breathing in a specific way. 'cause you can't take a full deep breath. So you have to do these like, oh my god. Concentrated puffs of air. It's very weird. And you have the GSU squeezing you.


It's like a whole experience. Yeah. But you didn't get nauseous. Oh, I got nauseous. Oh, you got Nauseous. Yeah. I just didn't throw up. Okay. I fought it and we did all the maneuvers. I have a side issue, which is I've done a couple USO tours. I was in a black hawk at one point and the guy said, do you want us to do combat simulation flight? and I was like, yeah, I'm a fucking daredevil. Let's party. And about 20 seconds into it, I was like, I've gotten myself into a situation where someone's potentially trying to impress me. Yeah. and I don't want someone yeah's scary in impress mode when they're operating something. So I was just like, I'm never signing up for that again. I had that with Mario Andretti. I did one of those Ridealongs with him. Oh you did? and I was like, oh my God, he's old. He's gonna try and impress me right now.


He's gonna say the doctor. I'm like, please don't have a stroke right now. Oh, scary. Yeah. What if you were like, yes, I'm in. Can I take your blood pressure really quick? I just wanna do a couple quick. Oh, I had talked to him before. 'cause I was like, let me like chat with you. Make sure you're all there. Talk cognitively. Yeah. He's a bad motherfucker behind the wheel 90. He'll still be, yeah. A monster behind the wheel. And I love cars. Was it in a two seater indie car? At what track? Poconos. Oh, Fun. Do you like F1? Yeah, I think we should be Bros. I'm so much older than you. You're A car guy, right? Or motorcycle Guy? I For car? Well, both. I Have a lot of cars. I'm a big car guy. All I know is you had a URIs that was stolen by a, was it a doorman or something? Garage Attendant. Yeah, Garage attendant. Took his Lamborghini Riss and went for a five hour zip through New York City.


And then When he came back and the cops came, he was like, I went for a family emergency. Oh, that was the best answer. They were really bored and I had to blow their mind by fucking, No, but then the cops scanned the license plate and it was like all over New York. So like Oh my god. Who knows where. I would imagine too, the nav was recording where it had all been too Oh. Yeah, probably could have Done that. Do you wanna do your game and guess his car Oh? yeah. Can you, Well I can tell you what car you should be in. Oh, Okay. And we'll see if you have it. I probably have it. Yeah. I mean you must have a GT Three. I thought that's what you would say. But I have a nine 11 turbo s That's great. Very close. Yeah. No GT three. No GT three.


Has it attempted you? I have another card that's fun. Like a GT three. Okay. What is that? An F eight spider. Okay. Okay. So many Cards. We can cut it out Four. Yeah, we Can if you want. No, I, Whatever. That's Very conservative. But I like to play with them and swap 'em out. and I just started collecting with him like the year. Okay, nice. I have a sickness. Yeah. Yeah, There's a disease. I actually just bought my dad aroma for his retirement. A what? A Ferrari aroma. Oh, I don't know what the Roma Is. It's like a GT like Car Front engine. Yeah, Front engine. Oh, okay. Oh That's nice. Does he like it? and I surprised them with it. It was like really cute. Okay, we're gonna debunk some stuff. Yep. I guess my first question is, it would seem like the most audacious exaggeration of science is in nutritional space and the diet space.


Do you think that's the number one place where you see disinformation? It's probably the most common on social media. Yeah. Or like vaccine hesitancy. What is Your theory behind why that? Well first of all, let's just talk about why are nutritional sciences so fucked up? It's like every time you hear a different study it's just so variable. It seems like we can't learn anything Concrete. I actually, media messed it up for all of us because they're really terrible with their science literacy. And I'm going back like 40 years where like one epidemiological study showed that people who ate nuts lived on average 12 years longer. They didn't account for like wealth. They didn't account for exercise. Or We of these these things. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


And then they write an article like not to make you live 12 years longer. That's not what the study said. Yes. Even now it's still bad where they'll see the word significant and they're actually saying that a study is statistically significant, which does not mean the same as practically significant. Oh. So this is actually really fun and I kind of geek out over this stuff where if something is statistically significant, that means odds are whatever the result happened is true. That's all it means. Whether that result is good, bad or something the other, it doesn't mean anything clinically significant or practically significant means that it actually makes a valid difference. So it's just saying that the test was done correctly, That means by chance the results didn't happen.


Like 95% chance that this is the truth. And that to us is the barometer that we set in science. Got it. 95%. Well also the way the data is reported is so significant. So this was my personal experience with it. I got curious. I was like, well Sweden ran the experiment for us. They didn't social distance and they didn't mask and they took a very specific approach. The results are in I like one day I'm like, oh, I wanna see what that was. So I search, you know, what was the outcome of Sweden's policy? And the articles, all of them are like 50% rate, fatality rate increase. And I'm like, well that's pretty heavy. Then I actually look at the data in the article as compared to their neighbors. Well their neighbors had a death rate of two per 10,000 people in Sweden had a death rate of three per 10,000 and that is 50%.


Well There's like that bucket, but that's absolute or relative. So everything gets reported. That seems enormous in like you've almost haved your chances of survival. But three out of 10,000 or two outta 10,000, that's negligible. But boy, when you read it positioned that way, that's my main issue with these studies being reported in the media all the time. It's like, what is the incident rate? Really? That's important. 'cause when we even say, oh, those who eat red meats have higher rates of colon cancer by like 20% or processed meats have a higher rate of colon cancer by 20%. And then you have to like then figure out that the natural incidence is 4% and 20% increase goes up to five. Yeah. Right.


So it is 20, but it's one. Right. Interesting. Yeah. It's really, really misleading. You can really weaponize That. You can twist it basically. Yeah. To make it say whatever you want. And because of that on social media, how are you gonna get viewership by twisting it as much as possible? Right. Sweeten up their, their death Rate. Even regular media at this point. Yeah, exactly. But at least with regular media, why it's little harder to do it is they have more to lose. Yeah. They have investors, they have reputation management, like all that stuff. Versus if you're like a dude creating stuff in front of a camera, you're like, you cancel me. It doesn't matter. Yeah. If you're canceling me it's 'cause you're silencing me now. And there's that playbook that's used all the time. Oh God, yes.


But what are the most alarming trends that you're seeing in the diet space that you've been spending time on? I think it's changed. Before it used to be like intermittent fasting, keto, then like carnivore popped up for a while and you started getting all these tribal camps and the reality as Lee Norton always points out, it's like whatever you can do to lower your calories, that's gonna help you lower your weight. No One really wants to hear that though. Do that. Yeah. That's not fun. Yeah, he's got a great thing. It's like, yeah, intermittent fasting works, but not because of some magic of intermittent fasting, but because your caloric intake ends up being reduced, we're not gonna get away from calories and calories out. Well Notice if we look at the misinformation space 25 years ago, all the nighttime commercials were like, here's how you could lose five pounds with our new formula.


Here's the grapefruit diet of how to lose fat. Notice those went away. Do you know why they went away? No. Ozempic, we have a proven way to lose weight. Yeah. We don't need the BS stuff. And I'm not saying that everyone should be on Ozempic, but they lost market share because their stuff didn't work versus this stuff is proven and has side effects obviously and shouldn't be used by everyone. But actually it's proof that it works. That has to be a topic people really want you to talk about. I know even in here it comes up a lot. I am very pro ozempic. I have had friends, I've watched them try to lose weight forever and they had gotten themselves into an actuary line that's pretty dangerous. And lo and behold, now they're significantly thinner and people are mad about that.


And I'm just confused why someone would be mad about that. People like the natural thing and they view this as unnatural and they view it as pharma getting rich and weaponizing it. And look, a lot of these arguments that people have with these situations are all what I call truth wrapped in a lie. There is a kernel of truth that this isn't natural, that pharma is getting rich. But what the ultimate answer is truth. Is it a Grand conspiracy? Exactly. What I see is happening is society creates problems we created through capitalism. All these foods that are hyper palatable, we want to eat more and more. They're not satiating Designed by scientists. Yeah, exactly. And then we started gaining so much weight that we couldn't stop eating these foods.


So now we created another problem, which was what capitalism does, it creates a problem. Before we had poop on the streets of horses and then we're like, how do we create the solution? We created cars, now we have solution, we're gonna create a solution. So it's like constantly playing catch up. But because this medication breaks it in a fundamental way where it changes your relationship to culture. 'cause food is culture, I think that strikes a chord with people. Yeah. And there's this sense that yeah, people have cheated or they didn't put In Oh. yeah. I had to work hard. Yeah. Like I put a lot of effort into my fitness in my diet. But don don't care if someone, but Also people that are on ozempic, they're also might be putting in effort. Yeah, they probably are. And they should be. Really? Yeah. That's the correct way to use that medication. I think the only thing about ozempic that people aren't shining, maybe the best light on or could be doing better with is it is great, but also you do tend to lose muscle mass on it.


If you consume Less calories, you'll lose both. And if you do it in a way where you're not resistance training, you're not consuming the proper amount of protein. Yeah. You will lose muscle. Are you in the Atea camp? Do you believe in the overall metabolic health improvements through muscle mass and Oh? yeah, for sure. Where we disagree from like the Peter Atea camp versus what I do is the worlds in which we practice medicine are radically different. I work at a community health center. You don, You don't have Bezos as a patient. Yeah. Allegedly. Allegedly. Don don't know who his patients are. I don just throw out a rich Person. It's, it's very consumer oriented. People that are going there are already pre-motivated. They already have a bias that this is gonna work, which means that it will work.


Yes. Just because they believe that it will work. And then also some of the things are not evidence-based, some not all. Okay. Where it's a protocol that he's created. and I am scared of that because science can go wrong in so many different ways. So whether we're talking about full body scans to catch things early, just preventatively or Are you pro or anti those? Generally speaking Anti though. I read one. I did it. I did. It Did. and I know which brand you did. So I don't wanna say Oh you do. I mean I You assume? Yes. Okay. I presume. I presume I'll tell you. Okay, go ahead. Well I need, I mean yeah, we gotta hear why, why, why not?


As of now, and remember, science evolves and this is important to say. 'cause we messed this up bad during C and we were like, this is the answer. And this one will ever change. Science evolves as of right now. The only group of people that really should be getting these scans are people who have extremely high risks of cancer because they have a genetic condition. There are specific ones that create higher risks of familial cancers. Besides that, what we've seen on a population level is that the benefit is outweighed by the harm. The harm being the radiation. Well a lot of those tests are now RI driven. So So the radiation is not a concern. I Guess the old previous iteration Was the CAT scan model. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But now it's MRI. So that's a little bit better.


But the human body has lumps, bumps, masses, things that don't have clinical significance. Okay. I'm gonna guess what the problem is. I'm in lockstep with you. Which is they did a study, I'll get the numbers wrong, but in general you'll get what I'm saying. They did a random MRIs on a thousand people's backs that did not have back pain and something outrageous. Like 40% of them. 60, 70. Yeah. Yeah. Had like ruptured discs or they had something that would've some finding. Yes. And so if you go in with your back hurts, 70% of people you give a MRI to, you're gonna find something. Correct. That doesn't mean that that's the thing. So is that maybe the concern is that you'll start treating something that didn't need treatment? Yes. Or maybe you're more conservative that you say I won't get treatment, but you need to investigate investigations, biopsies, needles inside the body.


There's side effects to procedures, there's side effects to the anxiety that comes with knowing you have something and some will say, well maybe it'll motivate you. Yeah, maybe. Or maybe it'll give you such bad anxiety that you'll have more problems. Right. So, or be overwhelmed By it. Right now we don't have the data to support it. and I think that it's easy to sell it in a sexy fearmongering way. and I really dislike that because right now the science isn't clear cut. Saying that's a good recommendation. Okay. Now we're gonna click into patient doctor mode. So I am an ex-smoker of like quit when I was 30 and I started at 15. So I smoked for 15 years. Okay. I haven't for almost 21 Pack a day. Pack, pack and a half. I was hammered and doing cold Three.


So three packs. Okay. So it's 20 plus pack years. Yeah. Okay. Snorted a coldies amounts of Coke. Drank like a motherfucker for a decade or more. I wanted the peace of mind that they looked in my lungs. There were a lot of question marks that I thought with my history, I would just feel a lot better taking a peek inside there and seeing what was going on. So with someone with my history, would you say still probably don't need to do It? There is an age where we do for people who have an extensive smoking history, preventative screening with a low dose CAT scan. So we do do screenings for that. For lung cancer. You'll Be relieved to know I was out of the woods or so we think from that results you could just, You have the opposite. It relieved some anxiety A thousand percent, which Then is helpful.


What if you found a nodule that then you needed to follow? I would follow it. Yeah. And how would your anxiety feel then? You have a growing No, wouldn't that bad? Oh no. Okay. Because Literally I go into those, I'm like, I definitely have lung cancer. You know when I got the CT scan of the heart, I'm like, it, this is gonna be a mess. Are You got a calcium score? Yeah. Yeah. I go in thinking it's gonna be like 70% I meat nonstop. It was zero. Shocked. I'm not, you're not what? Shocked. Yeah. 'cause that's what 'cause of the exercise. No, it's Normal. That's what's, that's why I don't scan you. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh, this is perfect timing. 'cause my heart explosion. You had a heart explosion Any day now. Okay. You would probably know him. Do you know Dr. Richard Isaacson that does the Alzheimer's work down in Florida? He's a friend of neurologist. Okay. He worked with Sanjay and he has a whole, Sanjay did a four part story on Him.


Cool. Yeah. He has a whole thing going that we are participating in. Yeah. We're in a study. Oh. yeah, We're in a study, which is very cool. We give a 11 bottle shit. Ton of our blood. Okay. All of our blood. And then he's called us with some results and there's some unnerving stuff about my cholesterol, which I already know I have high cholesterol. I've had it since I was a kid, is basically asking for that. and I said, yeah, I've always had high cholesterol, So sue me Doesn't seem to be related to anything I eat or not. It's the way it goes. And he was like, okay, but now I'm gonna go to a preventative cardiologist and there's gonna be more tests. It's like good to maybe clear that and see. But it is funny 'cause to me I've always just been like, well yeah, I just have it. I've always had it. You're in acceptance mode. Yeah. But now I am nervous.


Well that would've flagged on any checkup for you. They do. It's like just keep an eye on it. Keep an eye on it. And he's surprised that that's been the response. And it hasn't been more. Do you know what the numbers are? I don't currently. I didn't ask very much. Okay. I was kind of overwhelmed. Well no look. 'cause I'm not here saying, oh just throw your hands up and you'll be fine. Wellness and screening and getting in front of problems is what I preach. That's what family medicine is. But it's knowing when screening is beneficial and knowing when screening can actually cause more of a problem. Right. And we've had instances with that. We've changed our guidance on prostate cancer screening. We've changed recommendations on breast cancer screening when we should cut off certain screenings because we found over testing was a problem. And over testing is a real problem.


Especially this is pretty unique. It makes sense. Shitty that the world exists this way. That those who have less money Yeah. Get worse. Healthcare. Yeah. They can't afford medications. They don't have good health insurance. They don't go for preventive stuff. Logically shitty. But makes sense. The wealthiest demographic also gets bad healthcare really Because they're Done over testing. They think they can buy good healthcare. They get great hormonal treatments that they may not need. I Feel singled out. Attacks. Attacks. I'm saying this generally speaking. That's okay. Literal. It happens and it happens. That's interesting. That's what my hope is on the YouTube channel. Just to say, here's what actually we know. And then there's people doing stuff that we don't know about because they want to be on the forefront of it and they want to be the leaders and they believe in it.


And this is again, where studies get so hard to isolate what variable you're actually testing, which is that also correlates perfectly with what we know about happiness and financial Oh. yeah. Right. So when you're very poor, it's miserable. And when you're above, you know it was kind of low at that time. It changed at that time. Yeah. They've upped it. But you plateau after one 70 to 3.1 million. Beyond that you have a reduction in happiness. So it's like, okay, now our health reflects that. And also the happiness is in the mix. So It's life homeostasis. Right. Our acid base balance in our body, like our pH is so narrow on what's considered a good range for your body.


The body keeps your pH within like a decimal point. And then you have people are like, drink alkaline water. And I'm like, okay, hold on a second. Pause. You're gonna have alkaline water, slightly more basic water that's gonna go into your stomach that's full of gastric acid, which is one of the most potent acids. Your water's no longer alkaline a B, it's gonna get absorbed into your gut. Your body will do whatever it wants to do with it because it's controlling your acid based balance. Yeah. It'll dump it or use it. Right? Yeah. If it needs it or not. Yeah. So it's like the idea that you're controlling something with your alkaline water is people just Wanna Feel in control. That's really what it Is. I'm so glad you're debunking alkaline water. I've been pitched it many times. I love it. I'm, I just don't You love it.


You want the taste of it or you like that? It's fun. Great. Just the health claims are not true. No, I know. Yeah. Well this is the example I give when you're talking about homeostasis. To me, opiate addiction is the finest example of it. Which is you give yourself an opiate, it blocks the receptors, the body grows more receptors and now you need more and then you take more. There's no end to that. Your body will fucking win. It's why it's the most terrible addiction you can Have. I just to clarify. Yes. It lowers the receptors. 'cause it doesn't want to have as much of a reaction. Oh so it downregulates. Oh I thought the opiate blocked the receptors from uptake of the pain. For the Opioid example. Yes. Let's say for mental health of serotonin. Right, right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


There's instances where it happens in both ways where you could upregulate or downregulate. I just wanna point that out. Yeah, Yeah. Okay great. But just you're in an arms race with your body with opiates and you actually can't get the upper hand you can od I guess. but Yeah, it's like the body is insanely good at reaching homeostasis. So Good. Did you read for both good and bad? Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare


We Get support from Dove. Hey everyone, this is your girl, Kiki Palmer, host of the Wondery Podcast Baby. This is Kiki Palmer. Listen up because there's some messed up stuff we gotta talk about. Currently race-based hair discrimination is still legal in some states in the us, which means black people are getting denied jobs, kept out of schools and losing out on opportunities because of their natural hair texture and protective hairstyles. That's just not right. But there's good news. The Crown Act is legislation which prohibits race-based hair discrimination in workplaces and schools in the US. And today's sponsor Dove is a huge advocate. They're all about championing a world that respects and celebrates the beauty of black hair. That's why Dove co-founded the Crown Coalition in 2019 to advocate for the passage of the Crown Act. Dove and the Crown Coalition are trying to reach 1 million Crown Act petition signatures and hope to see the Crown Act pass nationwide. Join Dove in taking action to help in race-based hair discrimination by signing the Crown Act petition at dove.com/crown. That's dove.com/crown.


This Episode is brought to you by Huggies. Little movers. Huggies knows that babies come in all shapes and sizes and their tushies do too. Huggies has more curves and outstanding active fit babies. No matter what kind of butt you've got, you'll feel comfy while you're mushy. Little tushy wiggles and jiggles all around. Get your baby's butt into the best fitting diaper. Huggies little movers. We got you baby.


We all have that long nagging home to-Do list full of annoying things that need to be fixed, clogged, drain hole in the drywall or the ac not cooling but now you're able to get it done. Meet front door, the one-stop home repair and maintenance app front door lets you video chat with experts in real time so you can diagnose the problem faster. Fix it yourself right then or front door will send you a list of local pros to come out and help solve the problem. Now it's easy to cross things off your to-do list and enjoy that feeling of done. Get unlimited video chats with an expert for $25 a year. Download and try front door for free today.


Did you read Dopamine Nation by Anna Lemke? Oh God it was good. I think you would really like you're not an optimized guy but I do feel like you would recognize No, there's benefits to a lot of these Things. So her position is okay, we like dopamine, it's a great chemical. Sure there are ways to spike it, cigarettes, caffeine, all these things. But in all these studies, if you spike it, the bad chemicals that reregulate you last far longer than the spike did. Right. It's an investment with a return. And conversely, if you cold plunge for eight minutes, you get two hours of elevated dopamine as it tries to restabilize you or reach homeostasis. So go ahead and chase dopamine.


But what one has the good odds? Yeah. And so I read that and I was like, oh that makes total sense. And I'm a dopamine junkie so yeah, let's suffer three times a day and I dig it. Are you in any of that cold plunging or no? I like sauna. Yeah, me too. I'm not a cold punch person 'cause I don't like the feeling of being cold. No, Nobody does Mike. Yeah. But like I don't even enjoy the challenge of it. Okay. Yeah. Like I'd rather challenge myself in the gym or boxing or something. Getting my ass kicked. Yeah. I'd rather do that for some reason. But even that whole protocol thing has been blown out of proportion. The very Studies that people are referencing. Well it's Just like my protocol's better than your protocol and if you're not doing it this way or if you're not breathing this way or if you're not meditating this way, it's like nah.


Yeah I'm with you. But I do try 'em all. I'm in one. We just learned that. But you Can have fun with it. Like if you're doing it for fun, that's like the same thing with all those fitness trackers. Right? Like everyone loves their fitness tracker. If you just love it for the fun of it, great. But the health aspect of the fitness trackers is really questionable. Okay. So I wonder if we have the same position on this. 'cause I fight with my wife about this all the time. Okay. She's had every kind of tracker. Okay. She was wearing a glucose monitor for a while there and I'm like the results of which you'll know okay, I gotta sleep eight hours, I gotta eat this way. and I gotta exercise this way. Like we already know what the prescription will be if you don't like the results. So just live by the prescription. If you wake up and you feel well rested after a night of sleep and you slept the correct number of hours for your age group, why do you need an app to tell you you slept well.


Right? 'cause if that app tells you you didn't sleep well, yeah. Your performance is gonna suffer. That's been proven. Yeah. That's Exactly what I say to our friend Charlie who's a fitness trainer and has got Adonis of a body but Yeah, he'll wake up and it'll tell him don't train today. And it's like, well what are you gonna do with that in The upper echelon of performance? Like for the LeBron James of the world? Maybe it's different. But again, I work at a community health center. Yeah. So like I have like real people like the averages of the world. They don't need the health tracker to change their life. They need the information and they need guidance as to what is the biggest bang for their buck in terms of effort, not money, in order to change their world, their numbers, all that. The fitness tracker, the cold plunges that's not in medicine.


Yeah. Never in a real medical encounter in like a legitimate medical institution. Tertiary care center is anyone being like, did you cold plunge today? That's True. How much are you cold plunging a week are Here 11 minutes. That's true. Like that's not happening. And it's not because we don't care about wellness. Yeah. It's just 'cause like that's not really wellness. It Also makes everyone a victim. It's like, oh I only slept two hours. Yeah. Yeah. Ugh, I hate That. And again, that's not saying sleep isn't important. It's so important. It's the most Important. May be the most important. You could agree. but Yeah, you know if you've slept well or not for the most part. And if you're not like searching for the reason why you're not is very important too. And that's what we talk about on the channel. Ways to improve that. Sleep hygiene, all that good stuff. Okay. So I want to talk about gut health because I find it very intuitive.


I'm very interested in every time they start talking about just how much it's regulating your overall health. What is your position on gut biome and what do we know about it and what can we actually augment about it? That's A good point. So like what we know versus what we can augment is pretty limited. There's certain medical conditions that we've seen evidence of messing with the gut microbiome is valuable. Far few between like a c diff, we do fecal transplants and it works antibiotic associated diarrhea in some cases traveler's, diarrhea, there's like some childhood things. But in general there's no good data for probiotic use right now. Really? And they're sold for every condition. And that's not to say that in the future we won't find one. Yeah.


But saying it prematurely is doing a disservice because then people who have an issue where they need to go get a checkup and get a colonoscopy to check for colon cancer are not getting it because they're wasting time trying a probiotic for a condition that probiotic doesn't help with. Okay. But what about this rationale which is like, yeah, we might not know. I, I think a lot of people live under this approach, which is like, yeah, we're not sure it can't hurt. Maybe it will be proven. Well it can, well here we go. There's been issues with probiotics causing problems with people infections in the gut. A lot of the probiotics that are sold on the shelf, and this actually goes to the larger picture of supplements, what's written on the label's, not what's actually in the product.


How bad, like what are we looking at? Like I've seen consumer labs who do these off the shelf testing be as high as 70% for some of the supplements. Meaning they actually contain 70% of what they say they Do. No, 70% of the supplements on the shelves Oh have an inaccurate label. Oh of what's in them. That's for sure. Someones that sell herbs, the presence of the herb isn't even there 'cause they're not regulated. And people are saying, well that's 'cause pharma's a problem, natural's better. It's like both are businesses. Yeah. Both are for profit. One is at least somewhat regulated and if something happens with a pharma drug, you can sue there's someone to hold accountable. Yes. For that. There's no one to told it's an LLC that you'll sue. They'll open up a new one. It parallels nicely the kind of Bitcoin debate of like they love it 'cause there's no regulation.


And then when it gets stolen there's like, there's no one to call, there's, there's no one to punish. They're like, wait a minute, maybe accountability's kinda rad in a monetary system. Ballots we're back to ballots. Exactly. Some regulation is better than none. More regulations is better than some. So are there chronic conditions that you do think are originating from poor gut microbiome? I'll just own that. I think the future of it seems very promising that you would be able to regulate the microbiome and and have pretty powerful impacts on like some autoimmune stuff and different things. It seems very promising of all the different things that really we don't know a ton about. We've seen a pattern of people who have poorer health have disruptions in their microbiome. What that means, we don't yet know is it chicken or the egg?


Can we alter that chicken or the egg phenomenon? We don't know. And anyone that's saying they do know is jumping too far ahead. 'cause we don't yet know. Right. So just to articulate specifically, you're saying like yeah, does the poor health cause the bad microbiome or does the bad microbiome cause the poor health? We don't know yet. Yeah. What I'm excited about is ai but not in the way most people think. So when I give patients blood pressure medications because their blood pressure is elevated, I gave them a diagnosis of hypertension after checking it correctly, which most people don't do after multiple visits. We tried lifestyle modifications didn't work. For whatever reason their blood pressure's still high. We wanna lower that blood pressure. Why?


'cause over the population of people who have high blood pressure, by controlling it to a certain number, we see a decrease in risk of heart attack and stroke. Forgetting the number we see a decrease. Yeah. But now if I gave you the medicine, that same percentage doesn't hold true for you. In fact, in most instances that medicine is gonna do nothing for you. But I don't know which one of my patients that has the high blood pressure. It will prevent the heart attack and stroke. AI can use a lot of data points and then further reduce the number of patients that I need to treat to actually get the benefit of said treatment. And am I right in understanding this? I've heard a couple people talk on it, but Yeah the amount of data they're gonna be able to put into this evaluation, knowing your genetics, knowing 65 different markers, they're going to be able to point to a much more probabilistic treatment.


Correct. That doctor would've to spend three weeks sifting through to try to figure out sifting Through. There's experimentation sometimes even with psych meds. We're experimenting with patients. We're giving 'em this one. How you doing? That's subjective. Right? That doesn't always work really well. And I'm excited for the day where AI genetics can all come together and guide this. But you know who's the biggest opponent of that notion? You had to guess what industry? Big pharma. And I'm not like someone that's like anti pharma because they're also making the greatest changes for humanity and saving us from problems. But why big pharma would not be a fan of this problem. Yeah. Less medication. Yeah. 'cause I would need to treat less patients Subscribing, prescribing 70% of it.


That is, I would Be lowering the number. Well That's interesting. Back to Ozempic. That was an issue they were in, right? Is they were a company that was manufacturing insulin and they had created this thing that would potentially cannibalize their insulin business. And you're just hoping that that company believes that you know, makes the right decision, they'll make more money. You're just praying. Yeah. And it does make you wonder how many, I'm not a big pharma conspiracy there again, it's not binary. They're not good or bad. Yeah, they're both, You know what their incentives are. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's on a Mystery. And when the incentives align, it's really nice. Yeah. Sometimes they don't always align and that sucks. Yeah. Ideally they want it to be good and work for everyone so that they can sell sell.


But if it canalizes their existing. Yeah. Yeah. And there's been evidence of some pharma companies being like, oh this one's coming off patent. We need to create a new one to protect it. Even if it's not that much that happens. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Absolutely. And it's like a financial game for them. Them. Oh, I've Always wondered this and you're someone who prescribes a lot of medicine. How the fuck are you staying on top of it? I feel like half of your job would have to be evaluating the numerous medications that are constantly coming out. I watch 60 minutes every episode. I find out about three new medications. Yeah, there Are new medications. Being a primary care doctor, I have like a common arsenal of medications and we have really good resources these days. One that I use often is called up to date where I can literally punch in a condition.


It'll gimme some information about the epidemiology of it, how it presents in patients, what the first line, second line treatments are. Here's the evidence behind why like you can click into it. Yeah. And then the dosages are all there the length of days. That's what we use. and I use that quite often. I use that with the patients in the exam room. We look at it together. Oh that's great. Cool. And that's a service you're subscribing to? Yeah, the hospital use. The hospital does. What's your take on autoimmune diseases do you believe? I guess I'm trying to back you in. That's What I believe it. Okay. Well some wait. People don't believe in autoimmune disease. No, no, no. I think I potentially have a fringe opinion about it based on the fact that I have. I'd love to hear it. I'll try to do the four second version. Seven years of pain joint locks up, get surgery on my toe.


My knee locks up about to get surgery. Dermatologist looks at my fingernails and he says, I think you have psoriatic arthritis. You should go to a rheumatologist. I go, I get tested psoriatic arthritis. I get put on Humira right away after eight years of trying to figure out why the fuck all this is happening. It's like a light switch. I have a year of no pain in my joints anymore. I'm like, oh my God, this is heaven stops working as good as it did. They wanted to up my dose. I didn't want to go that route of continuing to carpet bomb my immune system. So I was like, I'm not gonna pursue this. I gotta get off it. It was miserable through three or four years of trial and error. I've really fine tuned my diet.


I have a prescription for Xeljanz. I almost never have to use it. If I cheat and I'm on a vacation and I eat a bunch of hamburger buns, I will have to use it. So for me, anecdotally, So it's like gluten related for You. Gluten, peanuts, garlic, couple other things. I'll forget while we're talking, but Yeah, I have a very, very sugar. If I were to go eat four pieces of bread tomorrow morning, my forehead would be flaky. My eyebrows would flake and my wrist would hurt my conclusion. And then talking to other people with different autoimmune diseases. Here's again, I have no business saying this theory, but I think we're all allergic to stuff. and I think these allergies can manifest in a lot of different ways. Whether that's a Crohn autoimmune disease or it's a psoriatic arthritis thing.


Or I feel like a lot of the autoimmunes may be originate in just allergies. Well if you really think about what an allergy and an autoimmune condition is, an allergy is an overreaction of your immune system. But which line of the immune system is important? 'cause the immune system takes various forms. There's different cell lines of the immune system. So when you have an allergic reaction that's very specific. Sometimes a patient will tell me, oh, I don't like this antibiotic 'cause I'm allergic. I say, well what symptom do you have? They say, my tummy hurts. That's not an allergic reaction. That's an adverse reaction. Not allergic. Allergic is a very specific reaction. What's it defined by swelling?


Itchiness, hive, Histamine release. Correct. Mast cell histamine. Yes. That's an allergic reaction when you have autoimmune reactions, now you're having cell lines damaging your existing tissue For whatever reason, if I understand it correctly, they've identified your tissue as a pathogen. Correct. And not a pathogen as a antigen. That is bad. Okay, great. Maybe I get pathogen. I'm really stuck on a patient saying my tummy hurts. It's kind of cute. Like in adults, maybe they were flirting with you. Yeah. I don't trust that Person. I wonder how many people fake illnesses to come See my No, I I Most people don't even know I have a social media Price. Doesn't matter. They meet you and they're like, fuck, I wouldn't mind going to see him again. I hope he Small and I had an allergic reaction.


Oh no Don, don't Your patients show up like they're going to a formal event night. They know that. They Don't know. They don't know they're gonna see you. Yeah. Or Well you have recurring patients. No Oh. yeah I do. But there are patients that I built up through residency. Like I know their families. I delivered some of their babies. I bet your tummy would hurt a lot. My tummy, Once you deliver someone's baby, your relationships change. Have you delivered babies? Yeah. Family medicine. Well, but you're not an OB GYN. It's not like you're doing that. I do pap smears. I deliver babies. Not anymore. Okay. 'cause I did that during my residency, but I still perform basic GYN. Great. But when's the last time you delivered a baby? 2017. Okay. That's pretty good. Seven years ago, I don.


38 babies. 30. Because I had to get those. I had to like document it for my residents. Wow. Yeah. I feel like I would have interest in keeping in touch with them. Is that A weird Well they're my patients. They then went on to be your patients. The ones you deliver. Yeah. So those are the one Be so rewarding. That's what I'm saying. Family medicine is so awesome. Yeah. You bring them into the world and then you keep them healthy. But those Are the ones saying, some of them like right to me on social media and I'm like, this is crazy. That's why they're not abnormally attracted to him because that thing happens with a famili, a family member. Sure. Right? Sure. Like whether it's your sibling, you're not Attracted to your sibling. Yes, yes, yes. 'cause you imprint their pheromones. Okay, Ahead. We figured it out. We should fight about something. Okay. Yeah. This is the explanation I learned in Antho, which was, I think I learned in Antho, I shouldn't say that.


Yeah. That you imprint the pheromones of your family members, which turns off your sexual attraction to them. Wow. This is a hundred percent. You could look this up. There's this really creepy phenomenon. I shouldn't say creepy. I shouldn't be judgmental. Where parent and child get reunited. There's a inordinate amount or they start dating. No. Yes. Inordinate in the general population of cannot Daughters dating. I confirm dating I This is outside of don don't expertise I don. The general population rate of daughters dating dads is very minuscule. And in this population of people that have been reunited, there was an article, I talked about it on the show. I read, read it. I probably white voiced It. Sounds like need an expert on That. We'll do it in the fact check. We'll talk about this phenomena.


Moving on back to autoimmune though. Okay. Yeah. So your thought is that it's an allergy. It kind of is because an allergy is sort of autoimmune and that it's an overreaction. It's just not attacking your tissue. It's creating that inflammation, that histamine response as you said. Yeah. I guess my intuition is that it's either through what you're putting into your body orally by eating it or there's something obviously environmental that's coming into the system that's triggering this response. It's all, and it's hard to know in each case which one it is, what's The conventional explanation for these cases? Why would it body Start? You said like what you're putting into your body.


It's also what you're not putting into your body. So like for example, parents that withhold peanut products from their children actually raise rates of peanut allergy. That was a statement made by the American Academy of Pediatrics back in the day. Like withhold peanut products, allergen foods. And then we saw that it caused a huge spike Oh. yeah. So we actually now recommend introduction to like Bomba and all these snacks. It's like growing up with a pet. Yeah. You're drastically less likely to have a pet allergy. So it's, it's interesting how putting things into your body, not putting things into your body, environmental exposures, mental health has a Component. Well I say we look at the correlation between autoimmune disorders and ACE scores is kind of really hard to deny. Very Interesting. Yeah. Talking about adverse childhood experiences, I'm sure you're familiar with the book. The body keeps the score.


Oh I love it. There's so much value in talking about that. And there's people who are anti some of the messages in that book. 'cause they sound what? Woo. Yes. But also I've had experts on in the psychiatric space that say like, well there's no actual part of the body that keeps the score. I'm like, it's a metaphor. Like yeah, we can make a metaphor without Actually having, yeah. Don't get hung up on the title SE of Of a book. Yeah. The statement was the body doesn't keep the score. The body's like the scoreboard. I'm like, all right Oh. Yeah, you won. So I think that's true. And there's truth in that. The mind is so much more powerful than we give credit to. That's why the placebo effect is true. That's why if you're able to have a positive mindset through your cancer journey, you're more likely to have better outcomes.


All these things, even like the Wim Hof and that whole world of it, which is not super evidence-based, there's like proof that they can modulate their immune system. That they can change the heat that's within their hands in a given moment. They can survive in extreme temperatures. There's truth in how powerful the mind is. What we do with that knowledge remains to be seen and we need to use it responsibly. But it's Cool. Well it's not a far walk to the area we all agree on, which is under moments of great stress, your body's immune system amps itself up preparing. Yeah. So okay great. We agree on that. Now what could stress you out? What can't stress you. Yeah. But if you're an extreme, a score person who's in a constant state of fight or flight.


Yeah. Your immune system's likely to be probably overactive. Overactive or underactive. Remember some of the steroids that the body creates are also immunomodulating. Downregulating Explain that. Like when you take prednisone, which is a corticosteroid, part of the side effect is that you could have higher rates of infection. It immuno compromises you. Right. And that's a corticosteroid. That's like what it is. That's how it works. And the body naturally produces those steroids during moments of stress. Are you aware of the uptick in emergency room visits for pickleball? Have you seen the data on this? I keep reading headlines and they seem impossible to be true. Have you in your own practice? I've had a few. But isn't that because just pickleball is becoming more popular? Yeah. Yeah, yeah.


Okay. But there was some, I'm not even gonna attempt to say the statistic, all the article. Okay. But it was a double digit percentage of emergency room visits last year were pickleball related. Well I can actually see why that's happening is 'cause the population that plays pickleball is usually older. Yes, exactly. People who can't play tennis. 'cause it's a little bit too physically demanding. So they try out this sport. Are you calling me a think get slow impact? No, but that's just the population trend that I've seen. 49 or above. Yeah, I I would probably say my patient, my like 60 plus usually. Yeah, I think that's right. And that's like when rates of tears. Tears and arthritis are already high. You know who also has the uptick in injuries? People who can use testosterone treatments Because they're overexerting in the gym or Yeah.


Yeah. Especially if they go into the SRA physiological level that you were talking about. The 15 hundreds and all that. Because they have really high levels. They're sometimes of older age. Their muscles can't take that and they tear a bicep. Okay. So you deal a lot in studies and I, imagine you do your best to do maybe more than meta analysis of many, many studies. I have grown and I've read some things recently that I've just grown more and more skeptical of studies in general. A let's just discuss how hard it is to study a human being in a single variable within a human being. You're gonna stay with the subject the entire day and the entire week and month.


There's so much going on. If you had to rate studies across the board, especially all these ones that are making into the news cycle, what grade do you give it? It's just very broad because nutritional studies aren't great notoriously because most are not so controlled. There have been new ones where they actually like had people on locked wards. Right. And they control what they ate. That's like the gold standard. That's All we would really care to hear about Really. But when we're testing like medications and such, you can control a lot of the variables to get a sense of what's happening. And because in these studies what you're doing is you're controlling one variable and if you start seeing a statistically significant and clinically significant result, that's pretty good. As long as it's replicatable to hopefully that you're able to do another study and say Oh.


yeah. Look these results hold up. Right. I guess what level of skepticism do you start? Oh a hundred percent. And in fact, one study is rarely enough to change our general way of practicing. That's not because we're slow to adapt. It's because one study in comparison to many studies doesn't hold that amount of value. So we need to see in general, okay, if studies are starting to move in this direction, okay, let's see how it's moving. And we're very patient with it. Whereas people wanna like I saw that one study, let's change everything. Yeah. And if you hear something on the news about red meat, I think your next question should be like how many other studies also have said that? Because boy these make the headlines. That's The biggest headlines and why people are so confused. I mean how often did we hear that?


Coffee's terrible for us. Coffee's good for us. Coffee Kio is cancer. It prevents cancer. Like eggs. Fast. Yeah, eggs. Oh my god. Fat. Yeah. I was on a fat free diet when I was 20. I mean that was a popular sticker on labels. Yeah. It was fat free. Fat free. But triple the sugar. Yes. To make it taste a little bit better. You're a big fan of lifestyle changes. That's the most powerful thing we can do for our health. Yeah. That's under our control. Probably the biggest, The one I like to think about is surgery versus physical therapy. Oh, Okay. For musculoskeletal stuff. Yeah. Tell us that's the world I'm a do. Yeah. So tell me in general like what kind of outcomes you expect with physical therapy versus surgery?


Well Again, very dependent on condition but in general what I see people knee jerk reaction when they have pain or they want better performance is fix it. And really what we need to focus on is the body's own ability to heal itself. That's the magical thing. So we either have to intervene when necessary or stay out of its way. So intervention when it comes to like surgery should be like the small minority of the time or in like traumas. Whereas people think that's the treatment for all problems. Step one, step one is not surgery, minus the extremes. Sure, Sure, sure. People say, oh my god, you're finding that I have a torn meniscus, that means surgery right away.


No, my labrums torn in two places right now I have a torn rotator cuff. My shoulder works great. Just because you have that injury doesn't mean you're doomed for surgery. And that's why we don't jump to the MRI. And sometimes patients get upset like you don't wanna get imaging. Well I say number one, your insurance probably won't pay for it. So are you cool paying for it out of pocket? Most people say no if they say yes. I say just realize that we might find something that we didn't care about finding in the first place. Yes. If people are okay with that, I get them the MRI and they can continue on their way. But unless I'm planning for surgery or I'm really confused or we've tried conservative management through physical therapy, activity modification, I'm not really getting imaging.


Admittedly, I've had so many surgeries, I have no business saying this. But do you think we are in generally speaking an over surgery option society? I would. We're more, we're over intervention society. We don't have enough faith in the body needs To be a little bit more patience and understanding of how the human body heals itself. And when it comes to musculoskeletal stuff, we have like so few modalities to actually help. Like if you really think if someone comes in with let's say knee pain, we have some medications over the counter, the acetaminophens, ibuprofen of the world and there's different classes within there. I Like NSAIDs. Yeah. Well Ibuprofen is a good example of that. People use those a lot. Maybe overuse them, create gastric ulcers, kidney issues that happens. Also, those who have high cardiovascular risk should be talking to their doctor if they should be using NSAIDs regularly.


Important. Wink, wink, wink. I love Advil. I love Please that there's physical therapy, which is like the gold standard. I love physical therapy. That's good. Even if it doesn't help your initial problem, it's gonna be valuable. Right? You're gonna end up strengthening something along way. Yeah. You're gonna decrease fall risk, you'll get better balance, you'll have better flexibility, better performance, all that good stuff. Then we have like some injectables which have really bad evidence. This would be getting the steroid shot. Well Steroid shot, we know what it does, but it usually is not a long lasting intervention. So it's like a temporary relief of a situation. There's injections that we do for arthritis where it mimics the synovial fluid in hopes of decreasing arthritic pain.


And the evidence for that is really low quality. What's synovial fluid? It's the fluid that's within the joint that allows it to be lubricated. Okay, great. So there's some prescription products that you come in for every few months, these injections multiple times. And the evidence for them is not great. But the placebo effect is wonderful. So people like About PRP and stem cell, That was the next step. So PRP is interesting because we found some evidence in some body parts and then we said put it everywhere. Right? Put it on the scalp, put it in the vampire facials, put it in penises, put it Everywhere. Carpet bomb. Yeah, It's like a little preliminary. How does PRP work? They take some blood, they spin it, they get out the plasma, they reinject that somewhere. Correct. So basically there's growth factors within the blood. It's called platelet rich prolotherapy.


And we take those growth factors, we spin them down 'cause they're heavier so they'll sit lower. You inject them into a joint and you hope that they create inflammation and healing. So it's funny, we used to like decrease inflammation. Yeah. To hope healing happens. Now we're increasing inflammation. 'cause initially prolotherapy started with injecting just sugar into joints. Dextrose. Oh really? And they would create massive inflammation. We thought that stimulated healing 'cause it brought growth factors. But then they created platelet rich prolotherapy. They're skipping a step. Well they're Not skipping stuff. They're trying to create like the better new science Version. And there's been some evidence for medial epicondylitis. You're so embarrassed that I got that wrong. And not Doctor. Mike.


Don't interrupt Mike again. Well, whatever. So anyway. And what about stem cell? There was a great, I think it was the second season of Dr. Death, maybe it was about these crazy stem cell treatments. People are getting massive infections. I'm not well versed in the stem cell world 'cause it's not mainstream enough to be in my purview. But from what I've seen, there's a lot of people taking advantage of folks with these stem cell clinics abroad. Yeah. Like they might have some promising future, but again, it's almost like probiotics. Yeah. Literally haven't seen enough. Haven't documented enough. I would Urge people that when they're taking advice from people, they should minimally ask themselves, are they an expert in this? I want it to be that.


and I wish it was that simple. But then there's even experts in some fields that bias that we sometimes have. Yeah. Where like, I'm a doctor so I know, And its most extreme case, we see it with the tech entrepreneurs. They have demonstrated a genius in this category. And now we listen to them on biohacking and it's very curious. Yeah. But you're like, well he's one of the smartest people in the world. So surely I should Probably. It doesn't translate. It doesn't, right? Well, It's what Lay Norton said on my podcast about Nobel Prize syndrome. So like, those who win Nobel prizes have also believed in some like incredibly wild inaccurate theory as well. 'cause they were so smart that they convinced themselves they were right.


Well they like Leus Pauling believed like vitamin C can cure anything and cure cancer. And then Linus Pauline died of cancer. It's like the classic example Like Steve Jobs. Yeah. That one. Yeah. You know, like, wow, You're so, so smart. I mean, well that's like the example of, That's Dunning Kruger, The rich people getting bad outcomes. You have the Steve Jobs example or like the Michael Jackson example where they say, gimme that medicine 'cause I'm a celebrity. Or now we're kind of seeing it with Matthew Perry. You're a celebrity. You can demand it. And that's why I've never really been successful at allowing celebrities into the practice where I practice. They ask for things and I'm like, but this isn't ideal. And then when they don't get it, they get mad and they seek the care elsewhere. I'm like, great. They can Go doctor shopping.


Yeah. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We've all been there turning to the internet, to self-diagnose our inexplicable pains, debilitating body aches, sudden fevers and strange rashes. Though our minds tend to spiral to worst case scenarios, it's usually nothing. But for an unlucky few, these unsuspecting symptoms can start the clock ticking on a terrifying medical mystery like the unexplainable death of a retired firefighter whose body was found at home by his son. Except it looked like he had been cremated. Or the time when an entire town started jumping from buildings and seeing tigers on their ceilings. Hey listeners, it's Mr. Ballin here and I'm here to tell you about my podcast. It's called Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries. Each Terrifying True Story will be sure to keep you up at night. Follow Mr. Bain's medical mysteries wherever you get your podcasts. Prime members can listen early and ad free on Amazon music.


Now to talk about the Matthew Perry thing for one second. I will say one thing that's aggravating me about the stuff that's coming out. And again, I'm coming from a very specific place. I'm an addict. I think it's okay if I now say I was around him in his pursuit of sobriety, trying to hold this assistant accountable. I agree is we're hurt, we're sad. It's a tragedy. We just can't resist wanting to blame somebody. But unfortunately the addict is to blame. I am to blame. I had a great fucking doctor do a surgery. I haven't told him everything I call for more. I, I've ran outta my, you know, like it's too much for someone to manage someone's entire personal life or know what's going on Now when you're a doctor and your only patient's Michael Jackson and you're putting him asleep every night with propofol, that line for me is really clear.


That's criminal. No. Well That's criminal negligence. You know what you're doing at that point. Yes. You know, you're also not disenfranchised like an assistant who's working paycheck to paycheck. Yeah. I mean there's a difference between ethical moral lines and then legal lines. Because even if someone did something by accident and then a life was lost, maybe legally there is some kind of rule that they're crossing. But legal doesn't always mean moral. And moral doesn't always mean legal. Those lines always cross Addicts. It's just they're fucking slippery. You don't know what he said to her even if she didn't Think Oh. yeah. Also addicts are tricky. Yeah. It's very tricky. People who, one haven't been around an addict, don't know that, and two who haven't been an assistant don't know what that's like either.


Where you're just like, I guess I have to do all these things. It's a weird Position. Oh, your livelihoods on your whole idea. Yeah. In your career you feel like if I don't do this then I'll never get hired again. And it's Very tricky. Yeah. That's scary. There's the power dynamics of all. Yes. But speaking of addicts, I listened to day seven on my way here. Oh you did Your episode. That's a little bit heavy for right here. I Wanna like you guys are doing great work. I gotta say Thank. You for that. Oh, Thank You. For being open and sharing that journey. It's awesome for me as even a doctor to hear that perspective. Because a lot of times what's said in an exam room is not as honest and open as how you guys talk about it. Thank, You for like the openness. Oh, Thank, You of that conversation.


Thank. You. 'cause I think it does a lot of good from a humanistic standpoint for people to understand what happens behind the scenes in these scenarios. Yeah. Yeah. They're not often talked about because embarrassment, shame, fear, all the things that you guys discussed on the episode that leading by example there is powerful. It's Hard for me to take a compliment about that episode, but Thank You, it's weird to now feel like it's always tricky for me. But I, I really appreciate that. Okay. We've come to a new segment on our first episode of video, which is questions my daughter was dying to ask you. I told her a few days ago. You have a couple days to write down. I'm gonna allow you five questions. Oh, PS Dad, ask him if he can do a Russian accent.


Oh my God. I could do the Boor Act thing. PS dad. PS dad. So that's not one of our questions. She wants the Russian accent. That's The weirdest request. Well, 'cause Casino knows you're from Russia. Is that like Russian villain thing? Where is That? Who knows what she's thinking of. Yeah, presumably she saw in some teenage caper where there was a Russian film. Okay, I'll answer one of the questions in a Russian. Oh Wow. Okay. Oh my God. This is great. This is great. Who is the better snuggler rib or bear? Maybe we should first say who Rib and Bear Are. Are these dogs? I have two Newfoundlands, two giant dogs. You love Newfoundlands? I had one as a kid. Oh really? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Come Away. How amazing. Bear is one 30 and Rib is already like one 10 and he's six months. Oh my God. So he's gonna be a monster.


Oh. yeah. Maybe one 60. We'll get too. Oh My God. They suck at cuddling. They do. They get too hot. They do. And they start foaming. They Start foaming. He can breathing and panting. So they go on the floor and they go on the tide. Oh wow. So I get very limited cuddles, cold Plunge. We're back. Do you know the origin of their breed? You Know they're in the pool all the time. Of course. You know I can't get them out of the pool. You know the origin of the Newfoundland? Yeah, of course. They're like the rescue swimming dogs. Yeah, they're the St. Bernard. The videos of Water have you seen in Italy? They throw them out of helicopters. No. Yeah, there's like videos on YouTube. Awesome. And they go and they rescue people. It's So cool. Wait, they save drowners. I should get one. That's Why do you would Go Find, I'm not sure about my swimming skills. So it'd be good to have one around. I Think this is right. St. Bernards would rescue people in avalanches and arctic conditions.


Yeah. Them And like Bernese Mountain dogs like the Swiss. And so the Newlands are that version, but of the water. And sailors would shipwreck out and they would release these dogs and then people would hang onto to 'em and they'd fucking swim and They would pull heavy loads And all that. We had a book growing up and it was all the championship dogs. In fact, really? Ours was from like great grandfather had, there's a picture of it, like 70 enormous trees on a sleigh pulling it through the Oh my god. Yeah. They can pull thousands of pounds. They're very cool. Such a great dog. But the slobbering is rough. So They thought about a surgical collection. They don't shed really? But the slobbering is Wow. It is Wow. On the ceiling. 'cause they could do the, oh God, it's on the ceiling In the food. When You're eating, It's everywhere.


Okay. Number two. Forgive me Uhoh. Have you ever farted in front of a patient? Oh, Good question. Is it Because I have farted not only in front of a guest. On a guest on and it became On a guest. Wow. Because were you tickling? I did not feel tickling Feel this coming Surpris. We stepped surpris outside to take our picture and as I put my arm around her, I farted and it was audible. I go, oh my God. I'm so sorry. She now does a show with Monica. Worked out. Yeah. Now We're very good friends. Now it's a family. and I think it was a great icebreaker. I mean that happens. It's a human body. Yes. So that's a yes. The Answer is yes. and I believe it was during like an eight hour surgery when I was a med student. You had plausible deniability.


'cause there's eight people in the room. Yeah. There's people in the room and then maybe the patient And the body smells, maybe The patient, the body, The person's alive still. It's not a body Autopsy. I, don Dunno. Yeah. 'cause if you're in the room with just a patient and starts smelling, there's only two, Then you would have to apologize. Yeah. That would be rough. Would you ignore it? You would ignore it. I mean would you Apol It depends. It'd have to be really pungent. If it was pungent, I would apologize. Oh. Yeah. You'd have to go holy Smoke. You pick it up on the patient's face and you Gotta go straight to an excuse. You go, holy smokes. I'm so sorry. I tried a new restaurant today. I'm definitely never going about like you'd have to someone. I would try not to put a lot of story into it. That makes it more memorable. Yeah. What happens if there's a tummy going back to that word, tummy incident during surgery.


Like From the patient or the doctor? No, the doctor. Like, well if they have to leave to have. Yeah. Has that happened? I'm Not sure it happens. Yeah. Yeah. You can take a bathroom break. Yeah. So there's like re scrubb. Well you do have to res scrubb. Well, yeah. What if you didn't res Scrub? I? I didn't think you didn't have to. I just said Yeah. You have to Re scrub matters. Excuse. Yeah. Exam. Well if it's People transplant, see a patient might saved their life. Yeah. That's not a surgical thing though. Where did you go to middle school? She just started middle school. So That's oh P 1 0 4 in Brooklyn. Have You been delighted to see Brooklyn come up in the way? It has. I have been realized Brooklyn was coming up. Oh, it's very cool. Cool. Whatcha are talking about? Brooklyn is cool. I always thought it was cool. That's why I don't know. Oh, People only lived in, man, I love Brooklyn.


And then now everyone wants to live in Brooklyn. Oh, is that true? Yeah. That's a Change. I loved Brooklyn growing up and I had to move to set Island for high school, which I wasn't like a fan of. It wasn't a choice. A lot of Guidos out there. What was the vibe? You know what's funny? I had the Polley D hairstyle when I was in high school. You did? Yeah. I had pictures on my phone. Good for you. Really bad. Okay. I had to fit in. Yeah, You got no choice. You not survive to simulate you were a Russian Jew. You had to get that hair as high as You could. I had to figure it out. Oh, do you want a third Newie? I was very close to getting a third dog this week. Someone clearly knows me very well, So she way too Embarrassed. and I didn't even say anything. Shema probably knows more of your episodes than you do. Oh My God. Well, okay. Are you her? Matt Damon. Oh, big time.


She's not old enough to know she's in love with you, but she's in love with you. Oh, that's so exciting. It's kind of adorable. So wait, what happened to Matt Damon? Oh no. He's my, oh, Doctor. Mike. He to me Is Dr. Mike to Lincoln. Okay, fair. So before I got rib, I was talking to a friend of mine that recently got a Beese Mountain dog. I love those. And they were like, it's amazing. You have to talk to his breeder, put a deposit down. and I was like, okay, let's just put it down. 'cause who knows when they'll come. Yeah. It's like whenever my dog gets pregnant, you'll be like the first to know. And she messaged me this week and she's like, you ready? And I'm like left her un red for now. Wow. So I haven't decided yet out.


Ooh. Raising a puppy's hard. Oh my God. Yes. And like I take it seriously. I gotta do the whole crate training thing every two hours out. Wow. It disrupts your life. Yeah. My wife is the ultimate dog person. But she has a rule. No puppies, not a chance. Okay. She's like, let someone else deal with all that. We'll take them when they're fucking broken. We've got a three-legged one inside my Husky's. Three-legged right now. Oh really? Oh my. Oh, I know this. This is kind of sad. Had a bandaid that was on two Titan calls. Gangrene. That's What we suspect. Yeah. Oh My gosh. Are you impressed with the research? That's great research. Thank You so much. I mean the fact that you knew the dates when things happen was impressive earlier. Okay, great. How was it moving from the city? I think she means away from the city. I still have my apartment in the city, but I find myself spending less and less time there.


I'm realizing that I'm a nature person. Growing up in Brooklyn, you never thought that's something that you would identify with. You're not even aware that it exists. Yeah. And now I'm just like, I like sitting with the tree. You're in upstate New York. Yeah. Dr. Mike. This has been a blast. Have fun. Fun. Yeah. Did you Fun? Feel surreal. Like it's awesome. Like Yeah. So for me too, Watching you guys from afar, You really threw me for a loop with that height. Yeah. I mean you really, I'm still kind of recovering from that first introduction. Do you do any boxing? I don't. Oh, I was gonna say we could spar or something. You fought an influencer. I fought an influencer. Then I fought on Showtime Pay-per-view. Boxing. You Were the undercard for Anderson Silva and Chick Paul. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Whoa. Were you shocked that he beat Silva?


I was Very, yeah, very. I was also shocked that I lost right before that. So I was a little, she was not myself. Across The board. Yeah. Because you know there were today I gave up a lot of time training for That. A lot of surprises that evening. Do you watch couples therapy? No. What's that? Couldn't recommend it enough. It's a great show. Orna is a therapist in Brooklyn, I think. Brooklyn. It is Intoxicatingly. Great. Okay. Couples therapy. Yeah. It's working on all the levels. It's like you're rubbernecking and then there's enormous breakthroughs that are incredibly empowering. It's the best show. That's so Good. So what's the favorite show right now? Is it couples Therapies? We burned through that. Yeah. I love only murders in the buildings. Okay. I love that show. Where is that? You guys are still talking about show Oh. yeah, I just finished Presumed Innocent.


Oh, me too. That's so good. It Was good. The ending I know we're not gonna spoil it. DT seed. Although I saw the movie, it has to be the same. Any we know we're gonna say, they're not gonna say there's twist. Okay. We're not gonna say, but I did really like it. Did you watch Fallout? No, I played the game though. Oh, Then you would even be more incentivized to watch. It's fantastic. What else do we love? Chimp? Crazy. What's That? Have you ever heard Of by the makers of Tiger King? It's on Netflix. It's on Max. Okay. Same director Jim. Crazy. And of course now we're exploring people who own chimpanzees. Which as you and I would both Oh, chimp crazy. Okay. Yeah. Terrible idea to own really? A male sexually active chimp. Oh, what about a spider monkey? Those look like fun. You're not gonna have your face eaten off by It.


Okay. Yeah, I heard that happening. Oh, here's, I'll quiz you. Yeah. And don't give your real answer because you know I'm asking, you think I've been giving you fake answers? Yes. And I'll tell you why. We have a bias to not be made a fool of basically. So if I ask you how many times you think blank, you already know it's gonna be higher than I would think or lower. Right? The fact that I'm asking you a question, there's a hint in there that it's a shocking number. Right. So then you try to adjust. Okay. So don't adjust. And what I'm asking you is to give me the answer you would've really given me without any prep. Okay. How many times do you think a male chimpanzee has sex in the wild in a day? What would be your real guess? One, I probably would've went five. I kind of know their mating strategy. Oh really? Okay. Why do that's a 'cause I was an answer Major and I love primates.


Right? And they have enormous testicles, which is the giveaway of their mating strategy. Which is just spread it everywhere 50 times a day. 50 Yikes. Interesting times. They're only awake 12 hours, Mike. So what does that mean for, that's proportion of the day. Forget the times because how long, what is the proportion to eating, sleeping and sex? That's a great question. There should be a pie chart. I get my hands on that. But the sex, let's be Honest. Like how long is it? Like what is it's for her Pleasure. They're in and out. That's I'm saying let's, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Have you seen a lion mate? No. Oh, I have millions of, It's clearly I need to get on boom Chimps. It's just sucks. Unless you're a bonobo chimp, then you're having female and female.


They're very inclusive. It's Just, when we say the male chimps are having sex 50 times a day, that means the female chimps are also having sex 50 times a day. But, but with No excitement. It's up the male chimps not having sex with the same female 50 times a day. He's, he's having sex with multiple females in a day. Is the whole rabbit thing a fallacy? What's the rabbit thing? Well, like do they say like rabbits, Oh. yeah. Trump all the time or whatever. Oh, high Und rate. Fuck. Like rabbit. That's a great word. One more time. High fity rate. High rate. That's how quickly they reproduce. Use that. Yeah. I knew one word you didn't know. That's a great word. I'm gonna write that on und. I might get a painting made that says fdi. But my point being is if you have this animal that in its natural state should be fucking 50 times a day and it's in your household with all that crazy venom.


Well, I've seen like people like aggressive dogs are like Oh. yeah. You gotta relieve them. Right? I've seen that I don. Dunno if that's good. Well we know that if you castrate them, they're, well that's true. Infinitely less aggressive. But the relieving component of it. Well then we get into this, we're very obsessed with dolphins and people who have had sex with dolphins. Oh. Yeah. Didn't you say like dolphins always do it consensually or something? No, what we were hypothesizing is now morally clearly. Legally. No, no. Let's be very clear About this. We'll sit on camera for the first time. Yes. Having sex. No one should ever have sex with a do we. Is amoral, Is this happening? Yes. Many people and some scientists have had sex with dolphins Like anatomically.


What does that mean, blowhole? No, no, no. It's a male Dolphin. It's almost, it's always male kid. Male dolphins having sex. I'm learning so Much today. So when you go through, okay, it's bad, it's no good. But we can establish a hierarchy of what would be the most evil and what would be the least evil to cross that line with. Because a sheep doesn't want to have sex with a human being. The dolphin wants to have sex with a human. Dolphin are Very, They've shown it time and time again. There's so much footage of these people swimming with dolphins for their fun thing. And the dolphin male gets on top of some poor swimmer and starts pumping away. They want to have sex with human females. We should stop allowing children at these like dolphin parks.


Well we shouldn't have these things to begin with. They Know about like 18 and consent. Oh they do? Yeah. They know about all Of that. They have dolphin school. Yeah. Did You see this viral video? They're so perverted. It's insane. This one dolphin got an anaconda in its mouth and it was swimming up the Amazon and it was fucking the dead anaconda wall. Yeah. They're pretty nasty swimming with it. Nasty. They're perverted. They're the most perverted Animal. I am gonna have the weirdest flight back to New York. I hope they don't track Have only to say There was this documentary in the eighties and it was about this team of researchers and this female scientist just says very matter of factly. She said, you just couldn't study them unless when you got in the pool with them, you quickly relieve them and then you could study them.


Because until then, the only thing they're trying to do is have sex with you. So you gotta kind of do that to even get into the study. So is this the same for anthropology and ape research? I've not heard the tales like these dolphin situations. There was also famously a female dolphin that was in love with her male scientist and when he left she killed herself. Remember that? What? Yeah. Yeah. How does a dolphin do that? She like swam, dislocated herself somehow. She didn't come up for air. We Also had a armchair anonymous story where we talked to listeners and there was a man who had a small short love affair. Not sexual, but real love affair for the dolphin affair with this dolphin.


Interesting. And they're very smart. And there's some human-like stuff. And then obviously this sexual component. It's very interesting. So we've told everyone if they listen and they are attracted to dolphins, that they can always just That a safe way to say it would just be to write hashtag dolphin asparagus. And you're not really admitting anything. The comments, but we will know what you mean. Oh, got it. Okay. Like If you're in love with dolphins, like If you wanna comment, you wanna tell us that. Actually it's me. I'm in love with dolphins. That's how you can do it. Dolphin Asparagus. Wow. They have a really impressive masal neocortex ratio. Which is relevant here I think. Because That makes them, you should only Be decision makers. People that are mentioning. Yes. Yes. They can stand by their decisions. Okay. They can't be ruled incompetent in a courtroom.


Okay. They were very with that. Yeah. That was awesome. Yeah. That was maybe the funnest part. Right? The gutter is always a fun place to splash around for a little bit. A little dolphin humor Way. Well, Thank You so much for being our first video guest. Thank You. This was so awesome. That's so cool. We picked you 'cause you're so handsome. If you Great for camera, if you guys make your way to New York, I'd love to reciprocate and I can ask you all the questions about anthropology. I'D to. We're actually gonna be there in a minute. Funny enough. So yeah, anytime you would want to have, We're Midtown Manhattan, so. Okay. Easy enough. Have you guys been to Peak or the Edge? No. Oh, I got, I gotta take you there. Peak or the Edge. So The Edge is the highest point observatory deck in New York where you can go outside and overlook the city. But what's cool is there's a little triangle.


I can't stand on it, but you could see all the way down to the floor and people like lay on it. It's a whole adventure. Then you could eat there. It's like a really good quality restaurant. Oh Cool. And the burger's great. Everything they make is Great. Okay. What's your favorite burger in the city though? You Know what's funny? I like garbage burgers. I like five guys. I like Shake Shack. I that, those, I like that too. Yeah. But that's like not sexy to say There's not a bad, It's fine. There's Hardly a bad burger. Yeah. It's like, it's hard to go. We like mixed messages. I grew up in Brooklyn, so you can imagine. Yeah. Which was always great's great apparently. It's always, always. I guess So. Brooklyn was always awesome. I don know, like I treasure my childhood in Brooklyn. Well, Doctor Mike. This has been incredible. Thank. You. You're gonna have to oblige me 'cause now I'm gonna introduce you to my daughter and she's gonna do it. All right.


I'm excited. Thank You. Thanks. Thanks for coming. Yep. Hilay. This is Herm and Permian, if you like that. You're gonna love the fact check. Miss Monica. I take Fhu. I take four. I take free. I'm so Won. I took four Advils. Oh. To have you with your friend. So I won't wake up for a while And feel Wrong. No, that so sounds too dark. Don't walk in my Advil collection. They're all gone. Are we rolling Robbie?


That is a ding, ding Ding. Hmm. Because this is for Dr. Mike. And we talk about Almost what NSAIDs, we don't talk about Elmer, but we talk about, in nsaid we talk about Advil. Oh, NSAIDs. Yeah. I thought you were saying NSAIDs. I'm like, I do not recall talking About NSAIDs with Dr. Mike. We could have. We Could have. He was very playful. Playful Zocdoc. A rare thing happened. He stayed. Oh, the whole evening. Oh fun. He even got his agent who was down the street waiting for him. And they had a flight at like 10 something. And fully for me. 'cause I liked him so much, but also I Lincoln loves him.


Yeah. So I was like, you know, we're chatting by the gate and I was like, if you guys want to hang what we're gonna order dinner. And so, and Kristen's dad and stepmom were visiting, so they joined. So it ended up being all of us around the table. And it was really cute. 'cause both Tom and Kelly, the, the father and stepmother must have said 30 times. Those were really nice people. They were really, really nice people. Really interesting people. It's kind of cherry picking. If I just invite the people that were on the show, they're generally gonna be pretty interesting for dinner.


That's true. Yeah. It's kind of a stocked pond. It is. To Pull dinner guests. And he sent me What he sent you. This is for us dolphin accused of sexual assault at beach, A sexually frustrated dolphin and was AKA Japan is accused of assaulting 45 people biting and rubbing its genitals on beach goers. Researchers suspect it's the same dolphin due to similar hin wounds. So boy, he said, oh my gosh, you guys weren't kidding. Yeah, They're out there. You gotta be careful. You really gotta be careful out there. Yeah. Look from afar, they're adorable.


I know. They're cute. They're cute until they're biting you and rubbing their genitals on you. Not so cute. Yeah. Although I want, and there's no dolphin, I wouldn't want the bites, but if he rubbed his genitals on me, I could survive that. No one can take these dolphins to court. Right. There's no dolphin jail. Yeah. Well, I guess Sea world, Are they a sponsor? Do you want me to tell you about my evening? I mean, I already told you about my evening, but can I recap my evening please? Yes, please. Was really something else. Okay, let's hear it. Just, we've been busy. Yeah. So when we got off work, which was pretty late, I was tired.


I was ready to go to bed. But Delta has shown this great passion and interest for basketball recently. How, how did that happen? I don't know. As I just told you a minute ago, we were at a barbecue for Lincoln School. I took her to the bathroom. As we were walking back from the bathroom, there was a basketball car. And so I said, let's shoot hoops or whatever. And she was immediately very good at dribbling. And she was immediately very good at shooting. Wow. and I said, have you been practicing at school? And she's like, no. And I'm like, Delta, you're very naturally good at this. Like, really? So maybe that's like in the stew, you know, like encouraging people.


Yeah. And it was so genuine. I then went on to fall on her. Yeah. That which was the maybe the worst moment I've had with her as a parent. Yes. Other than when I shaved my beard. The beard. Yeah. That was rough. You had a few that you look, you rock 'em up over time. But in this situation, she got under my legs at some point. Like, 'cause the, I was looking up to grab the ball and then all of a sudden I was tripping over her. And then I made this really dramatic move to step out of the way so I wouldn't fall on her. and I rolled my ankle in that exact moment. And so then I just collapsed. I had lost I no control over my fall. Yeah. And she was already on the ground laying on her back. and I fell full. Well, I couldn't do anything to stop it.


I, it was the worst feeling ever falling. And knowing she's under me. Oh. and I landed directly across her rib cage. Oh. And her, her body let out a gasp. Like it was, she didn't, it was involuntary. Yeah. and I was like, oh, oh my God. and I turned and I felt so bad and I was very worried. I had broke her rib. Right. This is 200 pounds fell on her chest. That's too much. That's way too much. She's a tiny little Baby. Baby. She's a baby. She got up and ran to go find mom. All the parents that were in that gymnasium only saw me lying on my daughter and her screaming and crying and then running away from me. Yeah. Not a great curse luck. I was very embarrassed. Oh, you were I wasn.


And in fact, like an hour later when she was long over, it cut to the, you know, the, she cried, cried cry. She was fine. Her rib were fine. She even told me she felt better after it, which was very kind and codependent of her. And then an hour later I took her back to the bathroom and some of the parents that had been in there, and one of the moms goes, is she okay? and I was like, yep, she's doing good. And then what I love about Delta, and this is like, she's so weirdly mature in this way. We got to the bathroom, someone's in there. So now we're sitting there waiting for the bathroom. And she goes, if I were you, I would've felt very judged by the way that woman just said it. Am I okay? and I go. I do.


I'm, I'm thinking that. And she goes, yeah. The way she, and then she picked the word, the word, she came up little to her voice and she really had caught the whole thing. Wow. Wow. Yeah. So then, oh, I'm sorry. You were embarrassed. That was just something that happened. I know, I know. It's just embarrassing to hurt a little girl. Girl. Well, on accident. Yeah. Because my fear was they thought I was being overly competitive with her or something. Yeah. But that's not What was happening. That's not what was happening. But then that was that, that was Saturday. And then so Sunday we got our basketball and then we went to t Tee's house. Oh. And shot around. Nice. And, and her and I played pig, many rounds of pig love Pig. She's doing great again.


And then I'm like, I'm gonna get a basketball hoop. Obviously this is great. Maybe she'll get good at it. And that could be her sport. So I ordered one. And so last night we finished and I see the box sitting there, it's arrived. And I've told her, Wednesday, your basketball hoops coming. And so there were a lot of parts, but I looked at it and also Kristen was like, do you wanna get in the sonics? It had been a long day. and I go, I'm gonna get in. I'm just gonna put this basketball hoop together really quick. And This is like a full 10 foot high. Okay. With adjustable whatever, in my mind, whatever I even said, turn it on, I'll be done in 20 and then I'll get in.


Yeah. And that'll be the time. It heats up an hour and a half into the project. I'm not even close to being done. And all of a sudden I'm like, oh my God, I'm gonna have explosive harness. Oh no. Okay. I run into the house, I go to the bathroom right next to the front door, I harness. It's epic. It's Serious. Yes. I flush the toilet. Yeah. And it doesn't flush. And what I know is it's not the harness that's not clogging the toilet. The toilet's already been clogged. Yeah. You harnessed on top Of a c clogg of a clogged toilet.


Oh. And now I'm like, ugh, fuck, I gotta deal with this. So then I go get a plunger. Okay. And I'm working the plunger and I'm trying to get the balls. You know, it's a, it's ugly work. Yeah, sure. And it needs to be done. And then that plunger's not getting it done. and I plunge a lot. I'm pretty good at plunging. So I'm like, fuck, I'm gonna have to go get that crazy plunger I have out in the guest house that's got a real long accordion neck on it because this other one's not working. Okay. I go get that one. I'm plunging, I'm plunging. I eventually lose my temper. Right now something's going down and I'm re flushing. So it's not, it's not great and it's not at its worst point. Okay. But now I'm fucking trying to plunge this thing and fucking water's getting on my legs.


Water. You mean hots? Well, on the floor and I'm getting mad. Oh. and I on my arms and numb. Like, now I'm just like, I feel like I'm like, I'm field dressing an animal. Like now I just gotta get it over. Oh, I kill this thing. and I make it stop squirming. Like I felt life or death all of a sudden. Why won't this fucking thing unplugged? I've been down this road, it won't unplug. I went to battle with this toilet, so now I gotta call a plumber. So it never, it was, It wouldn't go down. Oh. I'm like, this thing has to be snaked. That's where we're at. So now I, oh God. I call a plumber and then I go back outside and I resume building this basketball hoop. Yeah. They're busy. They arrive in like 40 minutes.


Oh, no problem. I'm still working on the basketball hoop. But They, they came that day. That's good. They had to come that night. Yeah. I, I couldn't have slept knowing this was happening. Is There such a I didn't know that. I thought like, are there emergency plumbers Oh? yeah. Oh, Well, even Roto-Rooter, which is a franchise, you know, go, they can come at any moment they go. Yeah. Yeah. Because people have, they have plumbing disasters. I know. I was having one. So they arrive and the first thing they do is they snake the toilet. Well that doesn't help. It doesn't go down. So then they go to the outside of the house where you have a, you have a clean out. Right. And you take the cap off and then you can pl you can snake the pipe beyond that wall.


Okay. So then they snake from the cleanout still not going down. What now we have, so now we have a problem that's not in the toilet and it's not in minimally the first 40 feet of sewer, Maine. Okay. They go to the next clean out, which is like at the wall of the property. Okay. and I don't even know if I should describe what happened. Mind you, I'm right that, that's exactly where I'm building this basketball hoop is like six feet from the final cleanout. Okay. They take the cap off the cleanup. What? Mostly tons of water starts billowing out and duty stop into the yard.


No. And I'm like, human Duty. I'm like, oh my God. I can see it's starting to get, we're not dark yet, but it's definitely the sun has sat, Oh, I thought you meant the call. And I'm like, oh my God, they shouldn't have taken that fucking cap off. And when will it stop? Is it coming from the street? Like, is this los fee's? Ew, ew, ew. And I'm like, oh my God. Is it gonna like, it looked for a minute. I actually thought, is my yard gonna flood with the city's waste? It would be. I'm also, it would be so ironic. Kinda warranted, I guess.


I guess you've asked for It. I'm also still building this basketball hoop because I now I'm going to fucking finish this thing. I thought it was gonna take me 20 minutes. I'm like, this is now two and a half hours I've been building this thing. Yeah. And it's now gotten dark. So then I go get some lights. I put some lights up to finish. These guys are six feet away. It smells horrendous. Oh. You know, the kids are coming out, then they're going in. Oh, daddy farted. I'm like, it didn't fart. It's the fucking city Sewages in her yard. You know, I think Kristen's checking in, like, is he gonna blow? Kind of, you know? Yeah. Like how, how in the red is he on this? And and they weren't being very optimistic.


Right. 'cause then when they came in they said, oh, toilets, it's not, it's not. You know. Then the second one, they're like, it's not, I'm just, I'm starting to sense from them that they're not gonna be able to fix this situation. So they're working on that for a while. And that they got it. So when we built through all this renovation, we did a whole new sewer line out to the wall, but I don't think from the wall to the street was replaced. So Oh, roots. Oh. When they finally pulled out what it was, they pulled out this massive of roots that had backed everything up from the street. Oh my God. Oh my God. So it was, I Saved this part of the story for you. Yeah. You knew about the basketball hoop. Oh was you were in the middle of building a basketball.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. All that to say they wrapped up roughly the same time. I finally finished this fucking basketball hoop. And it was, it was three hours that I was doing that. Yeah. It was my entire, entire night. Yeah. I like finished that and I went upstairs and put my jammies on, took a shower and put my jammies on. Did She play? So this morning they got up before school and they both played the whole time before school. Oh cute. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. and I do think people should see their dad in this state as long as it's not directed at them. But it was definitely like Christmas story. Right. Where I'm in the bathroom, they can hear plunge and they said, and they, I'm just in there like, fucking mu what the fuck? I'm just like a just mumbling swear words.


Yes. Yeah, I know. I know. And then they'll peek their head outside and then I'm like just fucking, you know, I'm putting this thing together. I'm swearing at the tools and stuff. So it was like a good three hours of me just murmuring all kinds of muttering. Muttering. I was just muttering. Yeah. Dad's mutter. Yeah. Well it got settled. Cheez. That's Disgusting. So it a hell of an Disgusting. Yeah. So what did you do with the poop in the yard? Do you spray that Hose the hell out of it and then into this little outcropping of new bushes that were planted. Okay. So part of me was like, that's fertilizer. I mean, sure. Good for them. Yeah. Wow. Are you afraid that they have hepatitis now?


I just Think those plants, I just think your whole yard is covered in poop By the end. After the wash down happened. I know, but The wash down is really just like diluting it Fair because it's not going anywhere. Seeping into the soil and nurturing the plants and, okay. That's interesting. 'cause we, we don't mind often. I mean I, I do think, and I'm not just saying this to be like a prissy girl. I don't, I'm not someone who loves the smell of my farts. I know that's like a thing that everyone says that like, people like the smell of my fart fart is fine. It's one of The few things I take you at face value.


You think I'm Lying, but I'm not. I believe you. It's so hard for me to imagine. I mean, why would I lie about it? I know I've said a lot of stuff on here. Yeah, you have. And in that way I should take it. But it's hard to imagine you don't, you don't like them but you, you don't hate them, do you? Sometimes. Yeah. Yes. No, you hate 'em. Yes. Sometimes I hate 'em. I, I don't, I know what you guys are saying but I really don't have it. Right. And that's fine. I think most people do like the smell of their farts. But all to say they don't like their poop, I guess. 'cause you love the smell of your farts and you did not like having poop on you, your own poop. I do not want to have my poop on me.


Yeah. That's An Interesting like Distinction. Yeah. Yeah. Well it's unhealthy to have your poop on you because then you spread it around. It's not good. It Just, for me there's not that. Yeah. If you like it, then you should like it. You should marry it. Yeah. You like it something If you like it so much, I don't even marry it. No. I would rather, Hmm. I like this. Something big's coming. I think I would rather have poop on me my own, my own than smell my own fart. Wow. I think, I mean obviously if I can wash it off immediately, not like Wow. And in this scenario, yeah obviously you can't smell it.


'cause that would defeat the purpose. Exactly. Right. Correct. No smell. But if it's on me and then I know I can wash it. I'm not, I have no you're Fine. But I, but I think it's because of that, it's like farts. You don't know how long they're gonna last. That's part of the fun. There's anxiety. That's the, that's where you get the dopamine. 'cause it's unpredictable and that's where kind of the fun of it is. Happy for you. Happy that you have that. Ah. So anyways, that was my evening. What was your night? No, nothing. Just worked. Plumbing worked great. My plumbing Couldn't assemble anything. Has Worked great. Yeah. The blessing of all this, if I'm being honest.


Again, all these, there's blessings in all this. Yeah. The whole house was clogged. So Yeah. We could have been discovering this at 3:00 AM True. We could be discovering it at 6:00 AM when we're all trying to get ready for school. and I gotta go to work. Yep. So in a weird way, what a blessing. 'cause all the toilets would've started backing up. Blessing in disguise. Ding ding, ding. Listen arm para anonymous coming up. Check it out. Coming up. Alright. So Dr. Mike, I looked for his inspirational quotes. Oh yes. But the Twitter, the X app. I can only go to 2020. Really? Yeah. When did go to pain or, or something? When I scroll, like when I, oh By the way, and it takes probably a very long time for you just to scroll to 2020.


It took so long. And then now like it's o it's off. It's okay. So I can't get his inspirational quotes. He's probably glad about that. What do you think? What, what variety do you think they were? Like stay positive, kind, or? Oh, That's a good Question. Or probably work hard kind Nose to the grindstone. Yeah. 'cause he is a hard worker. Yeah. But he liked but part of his videos were like, you can still have fun. Still Go to clubs. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna go ahead and assume that they were work oriented. Okay. Do you wanna, do you wanna make one up that you think he would've made up? Yeah. Nothing tastes as good. No, that's it. What's that? Nothing tastes as good as skinny feels.


I say that to myself all the time out loud. It's kind of like, remember a trip to the sand dunes when I said no calories on your birthday? Yeah. Yeah. It's been a long time since we told that story. Yeah. Tell It. That was fun. Yeah. It's not even, it's only good at the very end. But how does it even originate was someone's birthday? It wasn't yours. 'cause we weren't in the sanding in August. We Were there for Erica's Or We there for, we were there for Thanksgiving. Okay. And we were eating Thanksgiving food and it was all delicious and it was rich and it was, yeah, there were a lot of calories involved. And for some reason I just said, mm. Past the such and such no calories on your birthday. So then the next day I did it again.


And then I started this thing where I would tell a story that was unrelated to calories and I would end it with no calories on your birthday. But It was, it was incorporated. Well like you would tell story about this woman and then by the end it was like, and then yeah, It was a totally made up story, but it sounded real. And then the punchline would be, and she said, no cow Calories on On your birthday. Birthday. Yeah. It worked pretty good. And then it was starting to get a little long in the tooth. Like I was doing it too much for sure. Yeah. But then we left the sanding and we all checked into this hotel in Palm Springs for a night. Yeah. And everyone was in a panic of have we ordered food for the kids. And so I claimed I had ordered the food for the kids and everyone's like really paying attention.


'cause it's like, it has to happen. I'm like, don't worry, I ordered, I, I got so and so. Something, something, something. And then they don don't know how you guys feel about this, but they, they, you get a free milkshake with the kids' meal. and I was a little bit nervous, but then I said, no calories on your birthday and had been days. Yeah. And all of it was fake. Yeah. Everything you said was fake. That was also, it was just like, you've wasted so many minutes. So much of our lives telling us these stories that are fully made up. Oh man. Funny. Anyway. Some inspirational quotes from his You found some, You found it. Oh wonderful. Oh my god. Does your via text X go past 2020? Maybe being on a computer is helpful.


No, I was on my phone. It was the 2015. Yeah. What I like about this is we already, now we guessed. Yeah. So it's a real time. Find out if we are right. Choose a job that you love and you will never have to work a day in your life. Now I am gonna have to call bullshit on him. 'cause I said you were stealing co. He said Noah was making those up and that's definitely existed before you use that. Well this one, But by the way, that was hard work related. It is. Choose a will never have to write. Okay. But, but that one to be fair to him is printed on a piece of paper and it's obviously in his office. So. Huh. And there's a hanging stethoscope next that way. That's how we know it's a doctor's office. No, no, no. But okay, now you have to look at his caption.


His caption is probably the quote. He's probably, oh, it says step one. Know thyself. Step Using biblical terms. That's a big swing. Step two, Find a passion. Step three, enjoy the ride. Found mine. Have you have you Classic. He's a natural at he knew, he knew about social media long before anyone else. You ask a question so people feel it. Yeah. Engagement Prompting them. Smart. Wow. Next one. Okay, so you're right. So he's, the post is fall for their strengths. And you have something fall for their weaknesses. And you have something extraordinary. I'm gonna have to think on that one. I don't understand that one. But let's read this caption and maybe we'll, well yeah. Human vulnerability is a beautiful thing.


Oh, we love that. Dr. Mike. Yeah. We Love that. Focus on the whole package and appreciate the faults. Enjoy exploring how they got there. The flaws tell a story. A story that's do do do. We can't see the rest Of it. Great message. I get it. I think he wrote this after he screwed a girlfriend over. Oh. And he wanted forgiveness. I'm teasing. I'm teasing. I love Dr. Mike. Okay. Now another, another one is also one that's not his. Correct. And it's very, very long. And then he just wrote Yes. So we're gonna, we Are gonna skip that one. Probably not. Do that one. Skip. Okay. The next one is, Although, let's see what message he wanted out in the world. Do you wanna read this one? Sure. Life will break you. Nobody can protect you from that. And living alone won't either for solitude will also break you with its yearning.


You have to love, you have to feel. It is the reason you are here on earth. You are here to risk your heart. You are here to be swallowed up. And when it happens that you are broken or betrayed or left or hurt or death brushes near, let yourself sit by an apple tree and listen to the apples falling all around you in heaps wasting their sweetness. Tell yourself you tasted as many as you could. What if midway through you got like, like that started Crying A huge lump in your throat. You know, I'm not very sappy. Hey, you People could never say I couldn't kick you in the attic. This isn't Huge improvement. I know. This is what I said. I wanna sit over there. I like, like more distance.


You feel safer. Yeah. A little bit. Well, and I just want to say for the record, we are not making fun of Dr. Mike. He made fun of himself. Exactly. He, he had a, he had a very good sense of humor. This this is all very in keeping with Dr. Mike's energy. Yeah. He playful. Sexy energy. Sexy tiger. He's also like probably 25 in these. Yeah. Yeah. It's cute. It was a long time ago. Okay. The last one is very cheeky. Oh, you have another one? Yeah. Oh, okay. I'm, I do too. You wanna read it? And Apple a day keeps anyone away. If you throw it hard enough, that's just good. That's, that's H's. A good fun. Hilarious. Yeah. But he, he likes apples. These last two are apple related, Also biblical.


Interesting. Very interesting. Lincoln's learning the Old Testament right now at School. Oh wow. Does she have questions or what? She has thoughts that are interesting to share here. Of course, of course. Let's hear. Well she learned that God said, you know, this place is for you. It's an Eden. Don't eat the apples. She said the apple symbolizes wisdom. Mm. That's probably an atheist point of view, but I don't know where she got that. Interesting. But I was like, oh, that's interesting. Don't eat the apples. Why wouldn't you wanna consume wisdom? Well, He didn't say that. Apple represents wisdom. She's saying, oh, the apple represents wisdom. I don't know that we have a great ex explanation for why you're not allowed eat the apple.


Which is, it's, It's a, it's, it was a test from God's. It's a test for god's. Yeah. And so the serpent gets eve that betrayed conniving bitch. Yeah. Big old bitch. It's Temp Adam. Yeah. This mean bitch. Yeah. He was so good in pure. He would've never eaten that apple. No. He was such a good boy. He's a, he was a best boy. You listen to his dad. Cool guy. Sexy man. Yeah. And he always listened to his dad and daddy. This mean evil bitch comes along. Temp siren. Yeah. And then she fast forward and she said, and then, you know, we learned about Noah. He had to, God had to kill everyone because something was raining on earth.


Evil, for lack of a better word. I said, well, hold on, hold on. Are we to believe that Noah and his wife populated the entire planet? That that's a lot of inbreeding. And she said no. He brought his three sons and their wives. And apparently God told them, you cannot have sex on this boat. I mean, I don't know why, because Like it'll tip. There's a lot going on in that boat. So many animals. Ocean motion of the ocean. Yeah. For whatever reason they are not supposed to fuck on the board of the arc. One of the sons did. People that are really biblically inclined are like screaming at their dashboards right now. But he, he, he and his wife did and they had kids.


And then those kids then brought back the same evil that God had just rid the planet of. And now he said, I'm not gonna meddle anymore. Oh, he is sick of it. That was his declaration. He was tired of it. And I said to her, and I'm like, so he really fucked that up. God basically. And she's like, yeah, he just can't seem, can't seem to make a plan that works. Do you Think this is where the term rock the boat comes from? Don't rock the boat. Don't Rock the boat. Maybe Wob, wbe. Hello. It's Robert. Well, Delta just chimed in. She's not learning about the Old Testament, but she said that's your Adam's apple.


Yeah, It is. and I said that's why dad has so much wisdom in his voice. Oh God. Yeah. Did you show, did you teach her about the clitoris? And that's where we keep our wisdom. Ooh. Ooh. I don't see nothing wrong. It's time for the Doughty daddy dance with a little mama. God. So what I have decided about that daddy daughter dance is if it ever comes across my desk and I'm expected to do it, even though I will not pay for a wedding, I'm just, they gotta figure that out. Really? Yeah. 'cause I didn't have one. I think it's, it is absurd to spend that much amount of money. Wait, you're starting your life. You are so all over the place.


Okay. Say more. Sometimes I worry don don't know you anymore. Yeah, That's probably what it is. That is what it is. This is all that. This isn't new. Obviously I didn't have a wedding. So I think it's crazy to spend a bunch of money on a party. It it when get people are starting their life and you could buy them a fricking starter home for what these weddings cost. Yes. So I think it's a dumb use of money. I get that. Invite some friends over whatever. So that's not inconsistent. No, it's not Very consistent. Yeah. If, if my daughters want a Daddy-daughter dance by God, I'm gonna give them one I as you. That's consistent. Yeah. Now if it comes across my desk, I'm gonna do the thing where I'm gonna learn like the jitter bug with her or something.


Like, I'm gonna put a month into it being the greatest daddy-daughter dance you ever saw. That's fun. Props, chairs, aerial stuff. And then that would be awesome. 'cause that would just be me and one of the two daughters performing together. Yeah, that's great. No, that's a But then, but you have a stance about asking the dad's permission, which that, that to me feels very old. But this, it's like we're in the same world. We're in wedding world, we're in marriage world, yet there's a lot of inconsistencies and thinking. Well, and that one thing is like steeped in tradition that I'm honoring.


But again, I'm just gonna be put a really fine point on it. I don't believe in the permission part. Yeah. Good. I don't, that's not really what I'm doing. Yeah. In the same way that I'm not celebrating Jesus' birthday on Christmas. I know. Yeah. So I just wanna be clear about that. Yeah. I'm saying to him, I'm humble enough to come acknowledge this is the most important thing in your life. Your daughter and I wanna show you my character, and that I can bend the knee and honor you right now. Yeah. I mean, I I know what you mean. It's just is an anti, it's an old school tradition. Yeah. And it is, it's based in things that are old.


Just like paying for a wedding is based on things that are old. Yeah. Like a lot of these things are based on old foundational structures that are gone. Yeah. And like, and, and it's just in, and look, we all do this. We all pick and choose what works for us and what doesn't work for us. All a car. And it's just, it's all a car. But it is, it is it, It's hard to Predict. It can be hard to predict. And it's scary when you can't predict people. Yeah. But also it's why we like pe a lot of the people we like Mixed masses. Well, novelties ling up and it keeps everything interesting and exciting. It's like, we want total predictability and we hate total predictability. It's another great dichotomy and paradox of just what, even what we want.


It's like we, we want safety and predictability and then you have it, and then people are bored and Yeah. Dis impassioned. Yeah. So then you're trying to like, you're trying to infuse novelty and excitement and keep the, you know, yeah. It's all like trade-offs. But I, I think that's different for everyone. Everyone has a different level of novelty seeking. We all want some, but there's definitely a spectrum. And we talked about this on next week's fact check. You can't say that I, what I have to say. It's sort of because it's what's happening. And then I, it's gonna sound weird when they hear it, but I like safety.


Yeah. I really, really like safety a lot. and I seek it out. What? and I seek predictability out. You don't think so? I mean, there are things, I know you like safety, but I don't think you're attracted to safety. Like you could have gobbled up at any moment. A ton of safe options that are on the table for you. And you're not attracted to those People, you mean? Oh, you mean men partners? Yeah. Well, I mean, I, so This is the tension we live with. No, no, no, no, no. You mean safety like a personality wise? No, That's, oh, what do you mean Highly predictable? Yeah, highly trustworthy. I mean, I don't think have, Do I don don't know if I've had those options.


That's what you wanted. You could have had that so easily so many times. Yeah. I mean, I don. Yes, you're right. Those aren't things set the top of my list of what I want. They like, don't wake up your attraction. Yeah. But they're probably what I need. Totally. But again, this, this is a pretty universal, I think it's like that is the tension. Everyone's, you're trying to get whatever the peak amount you can handle. Yeah. So you're getting the most amount of excitement and then whatever, you know, whatever the minimum requirements you have for safety and all that. Yeah. But you're not just like running towards super safe. You're not like Oh. yeah. This person, they don't even leave their apartment. They're never gonna talk to anyone else. You know? Like, you're not No. That, but that's not what, that's not what I mean.


I we're, look, that's looking at it in such a Monogamy way Or No, it's just such like a black and white. Like to me, safety just means like, I basically know for the most part Yeah. What this person's gonna say or do or think. Like I know them. I know what's Yeah. Yeah. and I got, I got you. So you're saying even if it's on the outrageous end of the spectrum, there's a zone in which their outrageousness should be predictable. Consistency or, so I think it's, it's more, it's more consistency than it is. I guess it's the same thing as predictability. But it's, but Like Eric's not safe at All, but he's very safe to me. That's what I'm saying. Yeah.


That's exactly what I'm saying. He is not safe. He's outrageous. He'll say the craziest stuff. You don't know what's gonna happen. And we both are so attracted to Him. It's a live wire, but he it you do know he's Not gonna hurt you physically. Right. Exactly. That's about all we can say About he's not gonna hurt you, but you know, you're probably gonna get something absolutely outrageous. but Yeah, he's consistent. I just mean in life, not just with people. Yeah. I again, next, next expect I like routine. You like to Know your toilet's gonna flush when you flush it. I do that. It won't be backed up. I appreciate that. Yeah. and I like seeing the people I like to see and I like, you know. Yeah. Yeah. I just think it's a fascinating paradox of people.


It is. I mean, we all struggle with this. We want, we still wanna be surprised a lot too. Well it's why social media works. We're playing a slot machine every time we go on there. We like that. We obviously like that as a human. Then you're back in Vegas with a handle in your hand. I know that song. Yeah. Yeah. Back. It's a good song. Jack, do it again. You claim you don't like gambling, but then you're back in Vegas with a handle in your hand. That's the ding ding, ding to what we're talking about. That's right. I thought of the perfect song. Oh, thanks you to the people in the comments. Remember the other day you wouldn't remember, but I was saying, I was like, and I can't go for that.


It, it led to the witch song. don Don't give up about. But the original song I was trying to sing is actually a Weezer song. I don't care about that. Oh. yeah. They were like, you were Thinking of the Weezer song. Oh, that's, and that is what I was thinking of. That's funny. People Are, I like when they saw These it I do too. Yeah. I Buddy Holly, Buddy Holly. Holly. Just like Buddy Holly. Oh, That was such a huge song. And you Married Tyler Moore. Okay. So he said he does pap smears. Yeah. Or did pap smears or whatever. Yeah. I don't know what I would do if my doctor came in and it and he looked like Doctor Mike and he was gonna perform a pap smear. First of all, this is why absolutely no to me, for me, for you for a male kind of any Zocdoc.


Not, not any, but I do prefer women because I, yeah. I'm never gonna try to, this episode, this Episode be called paradoxes because I honor that. And you're totally right. But can you imagine if a man said only male doctors? I mean, I think a lot of men will say only male, like testicular doctors or whatever. No, I'm, You have a woman, you I wish see I'd way rather have a woman meeting my ball sack than that guy. I think mostly the women are like, I won't have male patient. Like it's, it's more, it's always a protective woman because the woman, women are the ones mainly I accept it, but I'm supportive of it.


I'm just pointing out the paradox. Yeah. It'd be crazy if I said like, I would never have a woman doctor. Yeah. Well women, women often. You think women are stupid. No. They're just often women are not often hurting men. Physically. They have. And they do. And they will, will. Yeah. I'm watching a great Netflix stalk right now. If you watch The Love Stalker, whatever one Uhuh, I know you've seen it pop up. I haven't seen it. It says like lovers stalker or something. And it is ERs and it's a woman doing some nuts. Yeah. Yeah. Look, we are all capable. Just be crazy. We're all capable of all things. We are. I am, I am for sure not saying otherwise. Yeah.


But Proportionally get real. Yeah. Let's look at Larry Nassar. I mean, come on. It's, it's, it's quite lopsided. Yeah. Yeah. But anyway, whatever. All I, I mean, I had a male, I guess he was a student or something. It was during the egg freezing. Okay. And so he was in there with my doctor and, and they asked and it was fine. He, you let him stay. I did, I do remember being on edge in a different way when he was in there and he was, he was also attractive. So I want to ask some follow up questions. Oh, he was attractive. Yeah. He was so and so was Dr. Mike. I Mean, I, well, because that's when I need to, I need to get really specific here.


Are you saying you wouldn't want Dr. Mike because he's just a man or he's so hot? A now I'm insecure. Self-conscious or b, don don't want to be aroused during this. Okay. So I don wanna be, there's so much to answer there. If a man's not attractive, I don't want him there either. Okay, great. So you just don't want a man that's Separate. I don't. Yeah. But, but with Dr. Mike. Yeah. If he walked in, I would feel very self-conscious. Okay. And worried. Like I hope he likes what he sees. Yeah. Yeah. And that is, that's now what you wanna be thinking about, right.


When you're getting a pap smear. But what if you were now let's, And the ar, okay. I know you wanna hear about the arousal. Well also what if you were feeling very confident, like, I can't wait for him to see it. But you never know. You never know. Can't wait. What? People's cups. Well, we have the thought. I can't wait for him to see this. What if he walked in and I was already undressed? I was like, ready. Shut it out. I'm ready for you. Doctor Mike. You never know what people's cups of tea are. That's true. So as confident as I could be. You don't know. You don't know. And you dunno what people like. I know what you get and you don't complain. And so I would feel nervous. Yeah. And excited.


Do You think what if I like had my top off and he was like, you don't need to For for, For papsmear. For papsmear. He's like, you don't need to take your shirt off. No, no. I know. But I just, I feel better. I feel more comfortable this way. I'm so bound up and it's a vulnerable situation. I feel much better with my breasts out. I'm much more comfortable this way. And then what would I do? Because I, I also would, 'cause I like him and he is nice and he is a great doctor. I wouldn't, I would feel codependent and nervous to say I would really prefer if a female conducted the pap smear. Yeah. Or you put on like an ugly mask. No. 'cause by then I've, I already know late. Yeah. Okay. It's too late. It's too late. Late. It's too late. Yeah.


And then, yes, the, I would be a little nervous a little. I mean I look, I don't think at pap smears horrible. They're terrible. It sucks. Speculum. No. Yes. Okay. Yes. It's not fun. So I don't think I would get aroused. But what if, and then, then you're in your head and then you can't be natural if you're in your head, you know, lots, lots at play. Yep. And as I'm in a much different scenario as the aforementioned assaults on women, I'm not ever nervous. I'm gonna get assaulted. Yeah, exactly. So I'm in a different head space. Yeah. You are in a different head space across the board. Yeah.


Yeah. My computer did just die. Okay. Do we have a situation? We have power. This we have, we do Have, let's see here. Oh, I have a charger actually. Perfect. Thank You. Bu I'm gonna, I've been meaning to tell you guys both this, you Go on the other side, It's broken. No, no. I mean your other shoulder. So you're not like, right. Nope. No. Now you wrapped. Oh my God. It's like watching. Oh, I would've loved to watch you build that basketball game. I never have ever claimed to be good at spatial stuff. Yeah. Not Your thing. It's not my thing. But I have wanted to tell both of you, I wanted to admit something to both of you.


I bought a new laptop like finally, like months ago. You did. And remember Rob, you set it up for me. Yeah. Yeah. And I, I, she never refused it. I'm like refusing to use it. You Are such Don. Don't know what's going on mentally. Yeah. This is the bathroom door and the Yeah. I do know what's going on mentally. I'm like Yeah. And what We just Talked about predict. Predict on for dear life. You know how this thing's fucked up. That Thing doesn't have any space on it either. It's not functional. Really? Yesterday the battery lasts 12 minutes. When you tried to put something on it and you're like, oh, there's no space. It's like, fuck, I am gonna have to move over.


Yeah. The hard drive has no memory on It. It has no memory, but it has all my memories. Right. You can still keep it. So that's important. It's taking a long time to boot up. Yeah. The other one probably would the better one. This is a really expensive too. Like I bought like the nicest laptop With a ton of memory And stuff. Yeah man. It's just, just sitting. You should leave the price tag on it for when you take it out to do in public. When you're doing your editing at These bars and restaurants, you frequent. Has anyone ever complained to you? Any patrons? 'cause No. 'cause you're, you're drinking the whole time you're there. Yeah. I make sure to have something in front of me. Okay. Not drinking necessarily. Sometimes I'll just order food.


Just throw it in the trash. I do try to really milk whatever drink. Yeah. Like drink is so slow so that I can be there for a long time. Yeah. Yeah. Without it raising any red flags. Yeah. Do you ever buy people's meals that you don't know? Yeah. Yeah. I've done it. It's fun. I like fun like doing, it's really nice. Yeah. Yeah. It's really fun. Yeah. It feels good Sometimes. It gets complicated. Yeah. I tried to buy, so this is not someone I don't know Bill, my dad and contractor and I hate to bring this up, but I'm meaning to what? I haven't seen anyone working over there in so long. Okay. Have they stopped? No. They haven't stopped.


They're like wiring the house. So maybe Are They doing that remotely? Well I don't think wiring is that big of a maybe you just don't see it. Yeah. Have you been over there in a minute? Well, we took a walk on Sunday or something and we walked by it. It just looks the same as it's looked for a very long time. and I'm not seeing any cars parked in front. And I'm in and out. I'm around the Neighborhood on the weekend. I mean, well No, even during the week, I'm not seeing like, Well I have because I can't park there. Every time I try to park, I'm back on Hobart. I'm not even trying to, this is something that has happened between us. You, you reminded me. You've mentioned a few times like why don't you park in the neighborhood?


Yeah. And that's a fair question. and I, I said, well, it's hard to park in the neighborhood. And that's because there are cars all over the place. There are cars like outside your house. And then there are cars outside my house because of construction. Yeah. and I. I said that and then you asked me again. Yeah. and I said it again. Yeah. But then got you tried it. It got my head a little bit. I was like, oh, okay. Maybe I am wrong. Maybe it is fine to park inside and there's plenty of space and I am crazy. And two days in a row there was, the Wires were there, There's no place to park. and I had to drive back out and it took long.


And then I was panicked. 'cause then I'm late. and I could have just parked on Hobart to begin with. and I should have listened to my own intuition. Yeah, You always should. Okay. Now, oh, you, you, you mentioned our astronaut that we had on a long time ago. Yeah. And you said you thought he was the longest guy in space. American. American. Yeah. The longest US space flight. Yeah. Frank Rubio, he spent 371 days in space. I, So That's not who we had on. No, no. We had the twin. Scott Kelly. Scott Kelly. Scott Kelly. Well anyway, Frank Rubio, Good job. Frank Blue Origin is the Bezos Aerospace Company.


Okay. Blue Origin. Oh, the new number for happiness, For the money For money is 500,000. Okay. Seems like they keep fixing it a lot. Yeah. I mean I, they keep going like, I think that's correct. Indicative of the original 75,000, like No, I thought it was one 70 was the one, I don't know why that number's in my head, but Yeah know 500 is a substantial living. Well, originally it was Kahneman. Oh it was? Yeah. And it says here, and it was in 2010 and it said, found that money could only boost happiness up to about 75,000. Wow. Yeah. But new studies say 500,000.


Okay, Great. So keep pushing till you hit 500 and then put it in neutral. Yeah. Plateau. That number resonates For sure. I think that's right. It's huge. But it's also so different around the country. Exactly. Okay. Genetic sexual attraction. We talked about that a lot. Most people say is pseudoscience. What is what? What aspect? Genetic sexual attraction. The attraction basically between like an adopted mom or, or dad reuniting with their kid. But there is, there's a, there's like science around it that's, that has to do with like smell and reuniting. Well that's what I was saying is that the smell hadn't imprinted.


Well, This is the opposite of that. It's What article? I wonder if it's the same article I read. It's from Cumbria County Council. No, This Dax, no disrespect to Cumbria County. I'm telling you that most things I found normal were like, no. Like that's the only thing that's saying it's a possibility. There's a Wikipedia on genetic sexual attraction. A hypothesis that attraction may be a product of genetic similarities. While there's scientific evidence for this position, some commentators regard the hypothesis pseudoscience. And then I, the more I looked, everyone was saying that, God, I'm gonna, now I wanna find that article like would like, Because it was from a, it was from a very legitimate news source and it was just


Zocdoc. Now the explanation, I ha I'm not, I have no dog in that fight. Yeah. But my claim that it's an inordinate amount that that happens to, I stand by, I'll find the article, talk, find The article, report back this Weird phenomenon.


Yes. You, if you grow up with a pet, you are significantly, your chances are reduced of developing a pet allergy later in life. That is true. The second season of Dr. Death was, you said maybe it was about stem cells. It was A cancer guy in Michigan. Cancer Guy. Yeah. Maybe third was stem cells, Cancer guy, Surgeon guy, cancer guy. Miracle man is the third. And that is about, oh, smart and handsome surgeon. We trust good looking people. More I know than bad magic. Maybe that. Ooh, that one sounds good. Bad. When a young charismatic doctor, oh, Watch out.


Get ready for your pap smear. Get your bra. You get your bra off. I'm not seeing stem cell. But we did, I think we had someone on who did a podcast on that. And then the Dolphin who loved the woman. That was a NASA funded project. The woman named the woman's name was Margaret Lovet. You can read up about that if you'd like. Okay. But we talked, we've talked a lot about it so it can be done. Brad Pitt, according to the internet, was 155 pounds during Fight Club 1 55. That's thin. He's six foot tall. Yeah, tall. The tall Bowie, the stem cell thing. I think so. Laura Beal, when she came on, she was talking about her new podcast, bad batch, which was about stem cells.


There We go. Thank. You, Rob. That makes a lot of sense. So the original reporter from the first season of Dr. Death's second project was called Bad Batch. That was not connected to Dr. Death Wasn't under the Doctor Death umbrella. Got it. That makes sense. Yeah. But I think it's still Wondery. Still Wondery. Oh, cool. Ding, ding, ding. Under the mega umbrella. What would you call above an umbrella? Oh, the Sky. Okay. The Atmosphere. A Canopy. It's in me. Yeah. Oh. yeah. That's good. Wondery Canopy. Oh Nice. Yeah. Nice. Very nice. Very nice. Oh, fun. That's it. That fun For Dr. Mike. Yeah. I love you. Love You.


Follow Armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at wondery.com/survey.


What's up guys? It's your girl Kiki. And my podcast is Back with a new season. And let me tell you, it is so good and I'm diving into the brains of entertainment's best and brightest. Okay. Every episode I bring on a friend and have a real conversation. and don don't mean just friends, I mean the likes of Amy Poer, Kel Mitchell, Vivica Fox, the list goes on. So follow watch and listen to baby. This is Kiki Palmer on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcast.