
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan Rather and I'm joined by the Duchess of Duluth. Hi there, it's me. This was a favorite. This was a great episode. That was an incredible episode. One of these, I say they, they pop up like every 15th episode where one's so moving. Yeah. Very beautiful and So inspiring. Yes. To do this job to alternative, yeah. To sit down with a stranger and like have a very special intimate exchange.


Yeah. Lucky as hell. This is so Nice. Dove Cameron. By the way, when I came in after this and I'm talking to the girls brushing their teeth, they don't ever care who I Sure you know, and sat with that day and I said, oh man, I had a great interview with this actor Dove Cameron. And they, they full flipped out. Yeah. They couldn't believe it. She Hits a lot of markets. Yeah. It's kind of funny, we, Anna was over watching our Sunday night shows before we recorded and I said, oh, we're having Dove Cameron this week. And she was like, oh, my brother loves Dove Cameron. Oh really? And then also her mom. And the mom. Yeah. And Calvin.


And Calvin. Calvin Loves Dove. Yeah. Well she's an Emmy award-winning actor and singer Descendants live in Maddy Shameless Cloud nine. Her album Alchemical Alchemical, Which we learn about. I learn how to pronounce it and I've already forgotten it. Volume one is already out and she has a new single out right now. Too Much. It's a great song and it's really blowing up. Ooh, lovely. As I would want for her. Yeah. This was awesome. Yeah. And please enjoy it. Yeah, please enjoy Dove Cameron.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is a no fee credit card that gives you daily cash back every day. That's 3% back at Apple and 2% back on every purchase made with Apple Card using Apple Pay. Apply for Apple Card in the Wallet app on your iPhone today. Subject to credit approval variable APRs for Apple card range from 18.24% to 28.49% based on credit worthiness rates. As of January 1st, 2025. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecar.com.


We are supported by Mob Land on Paramount Plus your next family crime saga obsession is streaming now on Paramount Plus Mob Land. An explosive new series from the underworld of Guy Richie Stars, Tom Hardy, Pierce Brosnan and Helen Miran. What a cast go inside the Harrigan crime family who will stop at nothing to ensure they come out on top In a war that threatens to topple empires and destroy lives, as Kingdom goes up against Kingdom Lines will be crossed. And the only saving Grace is a bet Your life guarantee family above everything. It's an adrenaline fueled all hell breaks Loose Mafia series with a list talent. I love Tom Hardy. I love Guy Richie. I love him all. Yeah. This is such a stellar cast. I cannot wait to watch it. New series Mob Land now streaming on Paramount Plus.


What are bloomers guys? I Know A bloomer. I know a bloomer. I'm all about a bloomer. They originated in cheerleading. Some of them can be late, some of them can be early. Yeah. Wait. Oh that's a funny joke. She just Like, okay. Oh, late bloomer, early bloomer. Yeah. That's like something that would be on connections. Yeah. Bloomers Can be you play connections. I hate that. I don't know what that is. It's a New York Times puzzle and it has 16 words and you have to put those words into four groups so they're associated. It's increasing hardness. Yeah. Okay. You would get the first part. You'd be like, oh duh, that's easy. But then it gets hard and Then it gets hoard. Hoard. It gets hoard. It gets Extremely horrid. What's happening with your teeth? I'm already jealous.


My tooth gems. Yes. That's cool. You're very cool. I've been circling. I want a gold tooth cap. I have a girlfriend who has a gold tooth cap and it is so cute. Can you connect me with her gold cist? Absolutely. Oh my God. Oh my God. I can't believe I'm already making connection. Oh my God, Young. Wow. I have a question because I'm just first time sitting in this. Is there a way to angle the camera so I'm not flashing everybody? Oh, that's a great, it's above great. Yeah. Yeah. You're above great. Okay. Gorgeous. I love it. 'cause there's so many cameras that I don't know why you're catching. Yeah. And I always just like to click mission statement. I don't desire to have mine To show my ass, My ass cheeks On your show.


I don't. Or spy to have my ass out. It would be so annoying if we did film this whole thing and then we were like, uhoh, I've been On CD for so long. You gotta ask these things. Yeah. Yeah. Because someone's gonna be like, oh, your ass was out the whole time. Yeah. And No one thought to tell me. No one thought To tell me. I've Gotten brattier over the years, more protective of myself. I've Gotten brattier. It happens when I do stuff with Kristen. They'll have blocked it where they want me on her left side. And we're like, no, no, we don't do that. I'm always on her right side and that's not, and the mother and I do stuff too. And it's like, I'm so sorry, but I gotta be on her right side. So wait, is that because of the girl's side or your side? He likes One side. Yes. This side. He like one side.


Yes. I like one side too. Which side? We can never be photographed together 'cause we have the same side. Oh. Or we could, we could just like prom, We would always do profile. We could prom it. I just have a, a stronger symmetry on the right side. Like my jaw is more defined on this side. I have a slight difference in the tip of my nose. Sure. I also think maybe this eye is like slightly bigger. I'm sure it's an insanity. You do have a very powerful mandible. Like Kristen, my jaw. Yeah. It's very powerful. Oh, I've never heard that. You haven't? Oh my God. It's, I love a powerful mandible. Yeah. Yeah. Mandibles. It's essential for chewing. Yeah. I'm trying hard. I got chin filler. Make a pop. Yeah. Try to pretend like That is strong. But see man, you've got this beautiful thing happening where you have a very small face and huge features.


Bingo. I've been playing that out for years now. Almost cartoonish. The proportions of the eyes. Yeah. I've Never heard it like that. I like That. I was just reading something the other day about the different beauty preferences for all around the globe and the small face, big features is very Youthful. I do read Young And Dove just ding, ding ding. Last night we were with Rob who you just met his little boy. Vinny is Vinny a little person Rob? He's 4% Size. 4%. Yeah. He's really small. He's so tiny. And his eyeballs are as size of ping pong balls. And we were eating dinner with him last night and I was like, this ratio of eyeballs to face size is the most appealing thing I've ever seen.


Yeah. If he could keep that running, You should keep that to yourself. Yeah. He was staring at your son thinking of me. We all were, everyone at at dinner was just staring at the baby the whole time. And that kind of Right. Sizes the ship because his son sexually verbally assaulted my 11-year-old last night. So you Were just balancing this. I'm Just trying to balance it. Her defense, he's a baby, Vinny and he is talking to Lincoln. He loves Lincoln. Our daughter. Look at that little fucking, Oh my God. Shockingly large eyes. What a beautiful little babe. He's talking to my 11-year-old and he goes, I like your hair and your body and I like your butt. No Way. 1, 2, 3. I like your hair.


I like your But body. And I like your butt. I like your butt Pretty good. You don't say that Vinny. Oh, you Said that Three. He's three. He didn't know what he was saying. He Has to know almost no words. And those are some of the words he Knows. He had already complimented on her earrings and now he was just moving on anything he could think of. So hair body butt. He's like nice knees. Yeah. He got good knees. He's so ahead of the game with those big eyes and giving compliments. Oh he's a, he's a killer. He's gonna slay. He's gonna absolutely slay and slay this. Exactly. I also love this crazy combo of you have a protein shake, you have a diet coke. I really know I'm home. I come never anywhere with less than three beverages in my purse.


Now clearly you must be seeing the litany of A DHD messages on Instagram. Like post. Oh yeah. Have you noticed this like T wave of, I dunno if it's my algorithm or everyone's No, no. It's everyone's. One thing that I saw was someone saying A DHD people always have like three drinks. Really? I think it's 'cause we're so stimulus addicted. I realized I was a stimulus addict 10 years ago. I was little and I was like, I can't do anything unless there's many things happening at once. Right. You know something funny? This is just a random anecdote that I have for you. Your wife guest starred on my Disney channel show. Oh wow. She did. He came for an episode of Live Maddie when I was itty bitty.


And it was because she was friends with Andy Figman who created Live and Maddie. He did. We love Andy Pickman, right? Yeah. Isn It he part of reefer. That's where they met. Yeah. Reefer man is Heather's the musical. Oh yeah. Yeah. And they did you again together. Oh, of course. Yeah. He's a sweet, sweet boy. That's My man. I too was there not on that trip, but my best friend who's visiting right now brought his at the time, 11-year-old son and he was obsessed with that show. And I like Linda Maddie. Yes. And I'm like, do you have a dream thing to witness? And he was like, live in many. So I figured out how to get us in there so he could watch. That's so cute. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I have a little anecdotal history with you as well. I'm actually glad I didn't know that.


'cause I was such a fan of both you and Chris. I probably would've passed out. You think so? Yeah. Oh yeah. And you can be honest, probably more of a fan of Kristen. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. No, but genuinely a huge fan of you as well. I was always a massive comedy girl growing up. I remember you guys have a movie together that I was really obsessed with. Hit and run. That opening scene when she's crying and all of that. It's so beautiful. Thank you. Yeah. Solina D wrote that. Yes I do. Right to that. I remember. That's our favorite thing we've ever been a part of because it was just our movie that we paid for. We made it 'cause we wanted to make it. And it's all my cars. Yeah. It's very special. We just showed it to our daughters. And how old Are your daughters? 10 and 11. Perfect. Let's talk about Washington.


Okay. Because I have spent almost a decade of my life up there. Why? My ex-girlfriend of nine years, Brie was from Marysville. Everett lived on the Tulalip reservation on the Puget Sound. No way. Yeah. And you're Bainbridge, which is an island. The Pacific Northwest is so beautiful and it's full of people who are born there, raised there, never leave. And then if you're not from there, I'm always shocked that you might have a reason to go there. It feels like a twilight zone area that to me does not exist outside of the people who eat, sleep and breathe that community. You're right. It is a very specific area. I took to it immediately. 'cause her friends were all also alcoholics, which I loved.


Probably a lot of drinking And masculine. They might be driving a truck and maybe they work for the forestry service, but they're also liberal. Super Liberal. Yeah. And I was like, oh this is refreshing. You found a Feminist? Yeah. Liberal mountaineers Mandel Ferrara bumper sticker from the eighties on their truck still. But did you go crabbing? We went gooey duck. What's gooey Duck? What is that? I still don't think in my adulthood I could explain what a gooey duck is. It's like this massive, I'm gonna get it wrong and everyone's gonna be like long gooey duck. We'll fact check Back The gooey duck community's gonna be wied. But it's this massive long amorphous clam thing. It's a hard shell sea animal inside. There's some eats. Okay. And you like boil the gooey ducks.


It's like a clammy oyster. Itsy. I never liked them. Yeah, this sounds horrible. It sounds disgusting, but I remember the hunting process being super exciting and romantic in between kayaking, hiking. It was a very natural North face branded upbringing. What Age did you start drinking coffee? Because I'll say this, when I was spending, What did you start drinking After spending time there? One knock I have on the area is you get exhausted there. It's drizzly and dark and damp. Yes. I was like, oh duh. The coffee revolution started here. I have my own theories about how Seattle became what it is. Because Seattle particularly has a huge coffee culture.


Huge underground music culture and huge jazz music and wine culture. My theory is the same as yours. I think that everyone was like, it's fucking miserable outside. What can we do inside? Yeah. And then you got all of these little jazz bars and these weird little underground city hubs. Capitol Hill, Capitol Hill, so fucking sick. Ugh. And then everybody just sort of stayed inside and never came out. And it became like this cozy little, we listen to jazz and drink wine and everybody's like a little bit pretentious, depressed, pretentious, but like chill about good mix. Good man. Oh yeah. Yeah. I started drinking coffee at like 12. That was my hunch. I don't think you could've made it to school if you weren't because it's just too dark and drizzly. It's just disgusting outside. The rain used to be such a constant for me that it was like you're walking in the rain, you don't put makeup on, you don't do your hair, you surrendered to the rain.


And then I lived in LA for one year and I went back to Seattle and yeah, you lose your tolerance. That's Me in Michigan now. I'm like, Oh my God, it's too cold for humans to live here. How Did I ever, yeah, I got a second. Dig about Seattle. Give me the dig. It's raining 200 days a year and no one can drive in the rain. Seattle people are going 30 miles an hour on the highway when there's a little drizzle. It's true. But I also think it's because truly they have nowhere to be. Yeah, good point. Not in a Derogatory way, but in a healthy, we're living a real human life. We're living slow. Now that I live in LA and New York and I'm really splitting my time, the rushing and the mania of these cities, you go back to a healthy, normal working city where it's like you go to your job, you go to the airport, you bank three hours.


So I think that that's part of it. It's less that they cannot drive in the rain and it's more that they're like, eh, fuck it. Yeah. Okay. So what did mom and dad do on this island for a living? So Crazy enough, they didn't work on the island. They worked as far away as they possibly could. They had a business out of India. The country India? Yeah. Oh Wow. Jaipur and New Delhi, Jad poor. Some select parts of Mumbai. They were importers. So they would design jewelry and certain goods. They had all of their suppliers in India, which is where all of the silver, gold, all the fine gemstones, all of the materials are in India. And they had all of these houses and suppliers that they worked with. So they truly spent half of their year in Jai port and New Delhi.


Wow. Oh really? And were you going with them on these trips? Yeah. Yeah. I have an older sister and she was very much in high school and they were like, you can't do your homework on the road. And I was like, I wanna be homeschooled, I wanna travel. How much older is she than you? Seven Years. Oh Wow. Oh that's a hefty. That's Monica and her brothers. Yeah. Virtually. Yeah. I think that that's like the only child it is. Yeah. He grew up in two different lives. You wouldn't go for six months though, would you? No, I think the longest I went was four months. Wow. Though that's a long time. That's hefty. And did you love it? Did you hate it? Absolutely loved it. I feel like I've spent so many of my early brain forming amoeba's, connecting memories in India and it was so life changing. My dad was always also really big on, if you ever are saving money, it's for travel.


If you ever do anything, it's for travel, it's for education, it's for expanding the frontal lobe. It's not a rad car. No. Like me and my dad think travel Is always the number one to do. And so I was really lucky 'cause my parents were just like, she's so small, what is she really gonna fucking learn in second grade? Yes. Let's get outta here. Small. So you did homeschool the whole time you were on that island? I Was in public school, which on Bainbridge Island is like 20 kids. I did public school from kindergarten through second or third grade and no kid is happy in school. But I was really struggling. I was starting to get a little weird and internal and my parents were like, she doesn't have peers. Were you shy? I was really self-expressed. I was very precocious and I was Too Much for other kids and I really, really wanted to be friends with other kids.


But I think I was not an easy fit for groups of friends. Did you come on like a freight train? I think Probably. Yeah. I can smell it. I like it. But You figured it Out. You're like it a lot actually no. I love it. No, I've really mellowed out over the years. But I think as a kid and I wanted to like love people and love them hard, that's also around the age where kids start to suss out who's weird. Yep. Yes. And kids start to be like, you're doing weird things. And we are not doing any of those things in group. Outgroup develop and I was very much in the out Group. Your level of intimacy is very uncomfortable for me at age. Yeah. Which I was similar to by the way. Right. I feel like so many of us, especially in the industry have that story. I'm Like, is your stepdad hitting your mom? Yeah. Yeah. I was like, are you hellaciously traumatized? And they were like, I just wanna go home and watch Nickelodeon. I was like, I don't have Nickelodeon.


I very much like also was always hanging out with my parents' friends and so I was trying to have real conversations when I was too little to be doing that. Did you Love being told you were old for your eight? Yeah. Yeah. I was one of those kids that was wearing big coats and being like, I'm just so stressed. Honestly I'm exhausted. Like with my empty wine glass. Right. You wanted to have been going through something. Yeah. I Wanted to be stressed so bad. I understand. What age did they get divorced? 13 or 14. Okay. So does it correspond with you moving to Burbank? Kind Of Wait, we gotta add, before you move to Burbank, you start acting at eight. You're doing local theater in Bainbridge and you're already on that trajectory before we go to Burbank. Yeah. That was kind of the only place my mom could stick me.


She was like, you've gotta channel the energy and you hate soccer. And I was like, let's do theater. It was this tiny sweet little community theater where they were putting on Les Mis teen summer and I was playing Little Coza and doing Shakespeare summer camp and playing Lady Macbeth and I was so into it. And then funny enough, the first gig I got was for Ryan Gosling's Halloween band. Oh My God. He Had a Halloween band and It is fucking incredible. It's so Of course that bastard So good that fucking has God. He God what a dick. Everything. It's so hard to like him, but I can't resist something About him. I just can't resist it. He had this crazy Halloween band called Dead Man's Bones.


Dead Man's Bones. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Robbie. He's a dead man's bone. First time he's ever spoken today. And it's really quite good. I still listen to it. It's very experimental. Him and his friend. But they had this concept of having like a ghostly children's choir. Oh, My first ever gig I got paid like 120 bucks or something. This is while you're still in Washington? Yeah. I played at an adults only underground club. Oh wow. Because he was there. Yeah, they came through on like a little tour, like a club tour. Oh my God. And they were casting locally. Whoever was managing that show had a lot on their plate. Yes. Have 13 shows and you gotta find a ghost choir in every city. A Children's ghost choir, Good luck. He had big aspirations but it worked out for him And we're so proud of him.


I don't know if you know this guy, his name is Ryan off. Like I think it worked out fine. He's doing great. So that was my first ever thing and that I was just so convinced that I was gonna find my people in Hollywood. That was more the impetus. So you were kind of driving this move to Burbank? A hundred percent. Okay. My parents wanted absolutely nothing less for me than to be in film and television. I think it was something that they felt was kind of inevitable and that was my sales pitch. I was like, I'm gonna do this when I turn 18 with or without you. I would really love your support and I would love to start before it gets much harder for me to start when all the other girls are 18. Yeah. Right, Right, Right. My parents split up, my mom moved out. I lived with her in her little apartment on Bainbridge Island and she had just gotten her master's degree in sustainability, which was so badass to watch my mom do that and A little ahead of the curve for her.


Oh yeah. Very like Washington. That was when she was talking to me about fuel efficiency. All these things that now are super common. Knowledge glass bottles are not more sustainable than plastic bottles because of the amount of resources we have to use to ship them all these things. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was such a cool thing for her to do once she had already had her whole business that she ran with my dad When they divorced a dad. Just keep going with the business and she just left the business. Yeah. I think he tried to keep the business going for a while. I think it was kind of impossible to run on his own. The business ended up going very under a few years after. So this is an incredible amount to be happening at once for dad. If he's losing this business he is had for a very long time that's stable. And his wife, he's had for a long time and then now his daughter's moving down to Burbank.


Yeah. It was a truly complex transitional time in the family. I'm gonna be 30 next year and as someone who has retroactively studied my family dynamics ad nauseum in therapy and in my own existence and my brain and my life, I truly don't know if it could have gone any other way. They were always going to divorce. It was not a surprise. So you felt that when you were in the dynamic They are. Yeah. Supposed to be together. I think I knew that from as early as you can know that. Well there's an interesting thing at play and Kristen and I have this too. It could go wrong, it's gone well. But when you're both locked into somebody because you have a kid and you're locked into them professionally, I think that's an interesting dynamic to navigate.


'cause you're kind of like, I'm not sure how much of this I'm picking as much as now I just am locked. We have these two commitments together and that can be hard. I think that my mom would very confidently say that they were not a love match. It was not something that they endeavored to do was be together for as long as they were together. And when I moved in with my mom, it was because my dad and I were having a very difficult time with a very tenuous relationship. At that point you were 13. 13, 14. It starts getting dicey around there As an adult now I can look back and be like, that was fair on my part to distance myself. Everything was kind of falling apart at once and getting very human and very real and very adult.


And my mom just kind of scooped me up and was like, we're getting the fuck outta here kid. My mom is the most beautiful woman on the face of the planet and she is so astute, so intelligent, so sensitive. And I think she was just like, and look over here. Yeah. Did Dad have some mental health stuff? Did he have depression? Very much, but it was more than that. I'm not sure. The tone of the show. How? Oh, it's all the way. Oh so deep. My dad was severely depressed, which manifested in a lot of violence. Emotional, mental, physical outbursts, very kind of unsafe. And it got worse as I got older and especially when my sister left to go to college and I was the only kid.


And I was also dealing with my own transitioning into teenage hood depression. And there had also already been a really big dark streak in our family because my best friend was murdered by her own father. Oh my God. Wait, I feel like the first eight years of my memory were pretty good. Maybe some tension with the parents don't really see them kiss, but not as aware as after that murder suicide. Very real thing happened when I was eight. I think it really did shift the dynamic 'cause they were very close to our family and it just accelerated a lot of darkness in the family. Well, About your mom. I was like, oh, it can go this way. I'm not gonna be around for this version. Yes. And also my mom was so young when she met my dad, they were 20 years apart.


They got pregnant and it was kind of like, okay, we're gonna get married. Right. My mom is very open about this. I'm not saying anything that she wouldn't feel comfortable with me sharing. I have the same kind of mom. Isn't it a blessing? I think it's necessary. It's a sort of a generosity that you give to your kids. 'cause it's really helped me in my development. I think it's all getting reframed, but whereas that stuff used to cause shame now I think it's more a testament to bravery and resilience. Like all these stories for me, they're empowering. They're not shame inducing. They're like, oh fuck yeah, these humans live through this. That's rad. I always found it strange, this taboo around mental health or loss or trauma because I would mention something that I thought was singular to me in my young life and like eight hands out of 20.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Would go up and be like, me too. And I was like, so we're all pretending this is a singular issue and we're keeping it to ourselves For whose benefit? I know who our neighbors I guess. I Guess. Exactly. You know sort of like a 1950s conservative Who are also fucked up. They got some shit going on next door. How much more helpful would it be if we could all Yeah, you can't keep your darkness hidden indefinitely. No, It's untenable. Yeah. So you could have that goal, but it's not even gonna work. But also I think we're already doing a disservice to ourselves by calling it a darkness. I take back my framing of that because it's only dark in comparison to something that we've constructed that's actually not real or attainable. It's relative to a fantasy, Relative to this cultural dream that's never existed and is super toxic.


So I'm always very open. I just sort of have a knee-jerk reaction to being like, am I being too open? Are you okay? I definitely border on overshare. Me too. I would love to just make that selection right out of the gates. That's totally great if that's not your jam. But there's no way I can talk about your job for two hours at dinner. I gotta talk about What is that? What happened to you? I get so burnt out if I talk about anything except for someone's real life. Yeah. Yeah. But I'll be at the airport with someone who's helping me with my baggage or something. Or like a security person. I'll be like, how's your mom? Like I've never met that person before. And I'm like, what are you doing after this? What's your night gonna look like? How did you get outta bed today? Yeah. I'm like And where did you go to college and who was your first love? I love it. I love humans. I wish we could just demystify.


So when you got down to Burbank, did you get a wave of Oh it's a little less intense here and this is nice. Yes. When I got to Burbank High Burbank High School, I was so culture classy at first because it was huge. The school was bigger than the population of the place where I was from. Like that. We have a friend That graduated from there. Yeah. We're kind of familiar with the vibe. Yeah. Love Burbank High. He was also a show choir person. So was I. I know you're a national champion, right? My choir was, I don't think I was, but it was so cool. Yeah. I Fucking lived and breeds for show choir. What makes it show choir? I'm a Philistine. I just know the word choir. Show Choir is you're putting on like a 20 minute traveling Medley, mashup, dancing.


Nic, you be fun. It's super sick. So there's dancing and voguing and Costume changes. Yeah. It's super full out and competitive. Yeah. Yeah. Is Burrows The same thing? Burrows is the same thing and we are rivals baby. Okay. Burrows is where our friend went. I'm sorry. You're actually a rival of our Friend. Oh, I didn't realize I was in Enemy. We erritory. Yeah, I got, In fact, I feel, I feel Fuck out here. I'm being here. I feel a little morally torn right now. It's very funny because my absolute best friend in the world, Veronica, we met because she was in the rival show choir. Oh, Fun. Because It's very Glee. This Burbank versus Burrows is Glee. It's what it's based off. People Were getting their fucking tires slashed and shit.


Wow. Like it was so nuts. Oh I love This. And also like so camp showing up some weird rural California school to compete and then everybody's like, these smash our fucking tires. You gotta go full out on that G day dude. Like it was so funny. You better lock in on those fucking harmonies dude. Show them where we come from. Burbank. But yeah, I loved it. Did you hang at that A MC? I still hang at that fucking A MC. Yeah. It's a powerful A MC where there's 30, 70 powerful. There's like a couple honored screens There. There's a magnetic field under that. A MC. I take my very Italian boyfriend and I'm like, isn't this amazing? Yeah. I'm like, this is San Fernando. It's about as American. I always say to people who are not from here, if there is a Midwest of la it's Burbank, it's Bur.


It is. It's very suburban. It's a lot of tradespeople that live there that are crew members. They're lighters, they're gaffers. We have the candy shop. A noise from three Frozen You I think. Yeah. Condors from Rack. That's a suburban as it gets In Nor Rock in the Nortrom rack. I really go there when I need to like crack a line my brain when I need like an alignment adjust, I go back to San Fernando, Remember who you are. Okay, so you're going to Burbank High and then you're starting to audition. Yeah. Then you get this pilot bits and pieces. Okay. Research And you shoot bits and pieces. And then what happens during the filming of bits and pieces, Normally as a 14-year-old, all you get sent out on is Disney. And I remember my first couple rounds of going in for Disney and all of the casting directors being like, please don't send this girl in anymore.


She's not funny. And she's actually quite dark and she's off offputting. And I was like, fuck you guys. Yeah. Right Now I came here because I wanted to do Jammas. Yes. Acting serious. I I was super unshaken. I at that point was very not 14. They kept being like, she's not reading as young as she biologically is. She doesn't have that sparkly thing. And the reason that my mom felt confident enough to bring me to LA was because we got really far in the process of casting for True Grit Cohen Brothers. Oh wow. No kidding. We got super far randomly out of a Seattle office. Did you get to read for them? No, but we got down to the point where we'd been going in for like three months and they were calling us with updates. It's down to you. Wow. And three other girls is down to U and two other girls.


And so my mom was like, oh, so my kid's not out of her mind. She might be able to do this. And so I really wanted to keep going out for film. And there was all these really exciting things happening and Disney in the least ungrateful sounding way, it just was not on my bucket list. Right. You were trying to be older. We already liked the compliment. We're mature. Yeah. You're not trying to get on a kid show. You're trying to be in true grip. And I also didn't have cable, so I didn't have the Disney upbringing. Oh, that's interesting. I saw it at my friend's house. I knew what it was. But the basic like bunny rabbit ears wasn't a thing in my house. And so we stopped going out for Disney and then my agents got this call being like, we have a Disney thing. But it's being directed by a guy who mostly does film. Andy Figman is like a sort of a breaking the fourth wall thing.


It's a bunch of movie people. And the script is actually really funny. Would you go in for it? And I loved all of Andy's previous work. She's a man. And so I was like, yeah, fuck it, whatever. I'll go in. And I was reading for something else 'cause one of the casting directors from Disney famously did not like me. I didn't know why. I Don't like how she makes me feel. Yeah, Exactly. And I went in and I just decided to go full manic balls to the wall. Stupid sch slapstick over the top comedy and I booked it. When You were doing that, did it come with some discomfort? Were you like, I hate who I am being right now? Or you were like, oh no, this is fun to be this too. I was just having so much fun because the comedies that I was raised on were all of the Monty Python and gone with the Not Gone With the Wind. That's a hilarious, you Know what I'm talking about Once Coming Guy, like all those comedies, godfather, Stay tuned for more Armchair Expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Claude, the AI assistant. That just feels different. You know, we're curious about the old artificial intelligence here on the pod. We Are curious And we always want to give our arm cherries the if you know you know tips. We sure do. So they need to meet our new Pale Claude. While other AI sound like robots. Claude just gets it with the emotional intelligence. Whether I'm researching guests or refining my latest meal plan to get Brad Pitt's abs or looking for the best dating advice to give Monica Claude is the fact checker in your pocket while you're in the arm share. Well that's exciting for us. I like having an extra companion. Welcome to the team. Claude. You can try Claude for free now@claude.com. That's C-L-A-U-D e.com.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know to check that you took your allergy pill first before you go to the botanical garden. Like you know to make sure that cute coat you bought is waterproof first before you wear it outside on a rainy day or checking that a potential partner is an arm cherry checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois,


we're supported by Quince. Something about the weather warming up makes you want to get outside and go somewhere new, doesn't it? It's the spring travel itch. Oh my gosh. It's Spring break is upon us. Whether you're in school or not, you should still take a spring trip. Yes. I'm taking the girls to Hawaii. If you've got spring break travel plans of your own, get where you're going in style by treating yourself to a first class quality suitcase at an economy price with Quince. Quince has premium luggage options and durable duffle bags to carry it all. We've told you before about how we love our apparel from Quince. So many cute things. The cashmere, it's so soft, Beautiful sweater. But also I have these knives from Quince. Oh, that are incredible. They do have really, really, really high-end products. They're the greatest. So you can get ready to head out with your quince luggage and stuff it with some fresh outfits from Quince and look amazing on your trip too. They've got it all. For your next trip, treat yourself to the luxe upgrades you deserve from quince. Go to quince.com/dax for 365 day returns, plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/dax.


The pianist. The Pianist. Exactly. I'm thinking of a mighty wins all of those. Christopher Gas. Oh yeah. The gas movies and mossy, python, silk. I knew stupid comedy better than rhythmic laugh track comedy. And so I just went in being like, I'm gonna be so crazy stupid and I'm gonna like scream at the top of my lungs and do the most outlandish choices because either I'm gonna get the role and have so much fun doing that. Or they're gonna be like, that was so crazy. Never bring her back. And I was comfortable with that. I was like, I don't wanna really do Disney anyway. So we booked it and I had so much fun. And at the time it was a sort of a modern family set up, a blended family I was playing. The older sister who really loved fashion was bratty and didn't wanna deal with her little siblings. And then we had Joey and Tenzing who ended up playing the brothers.


And then we had another younger actress who was playing my younger sister. And then we had this very pivotal scene where we're talking in the mirror during the pilot that I guess swung Disney in the direction of they had always wanted to do a twin show, but they never tried it. And at that point I had already done one Disney channel original movie for them where I was like snowboarding and it was so crazy. And they just bet on me. We went away for like nine months. They were like, don't work. And then one day they called me and they were like, Hey, show's picked up. Get ready for everything in your whole life to change. Also, you're playing twins and we'll see you on Monday. Wow. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Is it way more work if you're playing twins or No, You're shooting every scene twice. Yeah. Oh no. Honestly, I had fun. I feel like everybody's waiting for me to be like, so tell me about Disney.


Yeah. Oh Yeah. We had the best team. We had Ron and John who were our showrunners. I really grew up on that set when I was getting my driver's license, all the showrunners and writers walked out with me. I got picked up on the studio lot by the driver and they showed up with signs being like, whoa, Joe, new driver on the road disaster. And I was like, yeah, you guys Get fuck away from Me. It was just a really lovely safe way. So it was huge. Live in Manny comes out and it gets 5.8 million viewers and that's the mouse viewers. Disney had gotten in two and a half years. Oh really? I didn't know any of This. Yeah. Seems like hugely successful. And you do four seasons. Yeah. What was it like to have overnight fandom from young people? I couldn't have prepared.


I also think I surprised myself by being more introverted than I anticipated, which you truly don't know until you're put into that situation and then you're like, oh, I am very introverted. I didn't really learn how to navigate fan attention or public attention for many years. I used to have panic attacks. So not to heavily shift, but to give you context, at the point that Liv and Maddie was airing and I was working, my father had taken his own life. Oh yeah. And so there was so much going on in my personal life that's gonna affect any kid when you're 15. And that happens. It changes the course of your life. And within the same calendar year we were in 900 million homes. Oh my God. That translated into all these different languages.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So overwhelm like two of the biggest things someone could experience at one. Yeah. And one great and one terrible. And I'd imagine I would feel guilty enjoying the great thing because this other thing, I just imagine tension between those two things. I couldn't at 15 land in a soft spot around what happened with my father. There was no way for me to wrap my head around it. We were at his funeral on Bainbridge Island and then a couple months later I was at the Grove with people asking me to sign glossies. And I didn't know how to really reconcile with that because like the beginning of my career, I was so shrouded by this heavy cloud that it didn't hit me that I was a famous person until years later.


I really was protected in the sound stage. I would come to work every day and some days would be good and some days would be bad. And everybody was super protective of me. And it was kind of like a volatile time in my life in general. Just being a teenager, being on tv, the show was a great escape. Yeah, I bet When you get there and you don't think about the fact that your dad has died right. For 11 hours and then you get off, It was this mind fuck because you're in this world of like, hi guys, I'm Dove Cameron and da da da da. And you get home and it's silent and your mom is like, you okay? And you're like, yeah, I don't know. It's sorry. You tell me am I okay. And then you're in therapy and then they're like, you wanna be medicated? And you're like, I don't think so. I don't know if I can act if I'm medicated. It was this crazy teenage hood.


Were you having any guilt about being in Burbank? Yeah. It was a weird thing because to be completely honest, I tried to mend my relationship with my dad a lot. There's this thing that happens with a lot of people who are depressed, where they are perpetually pushing people away. And for the entirety of 13 and 14 and 15, I was really trying to connect with my dad. He was always a depressive person. My mom and him met and he was like, I'm super suicidal. And she was like, okay, I'm 20. We're gonna try to get you out of this, you know? Oh boy. Yeah. So it was always sort of there, but I was really just like, I miss my dad.


I know something's weird. He doesn't answer when I call. Well, The most heartbreaking part it would seem to me is that you at least had the fantasy at all times. This will get repaired one day. Yeah. I keep trying, but one day he's gonna be feeling better and I can get it repaired. Yeah. Sorry. No. And then they go, oh God, yeah. I'm not gonna be able to repair that. It is really sad. Yeah, Yeah. It's true. It's, it's, it's also like, I think about this a lot because I was so young and I have a memory of him coming to stay with us once in Burbank.


And I just remember thinking all the color had left his face and I didn't know he was drinking so heavily and all of that. And I remember being young enough, like 14, he was staying on a little blowup mattress in our living room. He wasn't looking at me in the eye. I thought he was mad at me. And I came to like say goodnight or lay down next to him. 'cause I was still a very young 14 mentally I was mature, but I wasn't dating. I was my parents' kid and I was very insulated and very protected. And I remember laying down next to him just for a second to be like cuddle time routine. And he didn't really move. And I remember him being like, I think you should, you should go to bed. And I remember receiving that as just such a rejection that like he didn't wanna, and I didn't know what it was. I truly thought he was angry with me for something.


And you know when you're a kid you blame yourself. Yeah, of Course. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And so I was like, maybe I'm behaving badly or something. I didn't really get it. Or I would just feel guilty that I'm pursuing my own life. He was Always vaguely supportive. I guess he was worried about me more than anything. He was worried that I wasn't gonna be able to survive in Hollywood. And I knew that. But I had gone back to see him after I had lived in LA for a year and I stayed for the summer at our family home. I went, 'cause I wanted to spend the summer with my dad and I wanted to see him. And we hadn't seen each other for so long. And I remember him doing everything he could to get me to not stay with him. He would send me to stay with my friends. He probably didn't want you to see him how he was existing.


Yeah. He was like a famously tight walled man. He was always like, you get $100 per clothes every year before school and if you grow up him, that's your problem. You go secondhand Shopping, you can make six outfits out of this. Good luck. Yeah. He's like, if you grow, that's your fucking problem. And then the rest, like he have a sewing machine figured out. And I was like, all right. But the summer that I stayed with him, I remember he was just giving me money to get out of the house. And I was like, that's so bizarre. And I didn't really realize that he had already put a plan in place. He got rid of all of the animals. He was getting rid of all of his money. God, isn't it weird to think of someone planning for that long? Something like that. Yeah. It kind of goes against my stereotype of it overwhelming you in a moment. Well, It might not have been as consciously planned as just like I don't want anything.


You've lost even the desire. Yeah, yeah. Yes. You've lost the desire to even care for anything or have anything. I still go back and forth on that because I found out later that he was paying my friend's mom to get me groceries and basically was just haunting me off on another family. I internalized it for two years that he was just mad at me. Yeah. And I was constantly trying to fix our relationship and reach out and he just wasn't having it. And so I don't think at the time I felt guilty for being in LA so much as even when I was on the island still, he was not really wanting to see me. And so I was kind of like, I'm always here. I'm always wanting to Connect with you.


Yeah. Your side of the street was clean. And I found out also that he had attempted something really publicly and my mom kept that from me. And that was the big turning point in my mental health was just being like, what do I not know? And my mom was probably right to keep that from me, but of course when I was 14 or something I was like, what the fuck? So I really didn't know what to think of it. The last thing he texted me was, I love you Chloe. And then we got a call the next day and it was like, Ugh. Yeah. It's really crazy. I honestly don't talk about it Too Much. Yeah. Understandably. Not because it's hard, honestly, because I do talk about it, but I talk about it with this kind of like, here are the facts you Can disassociate. That's me. Right. A little bit. Yeah.


So I went into therapy for the very first time three years ago or two, whatever it was. Oh really? Wow. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Weirdly since I was in recovery for so long and I was like, well I'm getting everything I need from them. And yeah, I can tell you my story. I can tell anyone my story. Yeah. It's a timeline. And then in that therapy session as I was talking to him for the very first time, the emotions were attached to the timeline and they just are not generally for me. So I can relate to these moments where like, oh, okay. The emotions are here now with the story. Yeah. A lot of the time trauma is very sensationalized. I'm sure you know. Yep. I've become very protective of that over the years because I used to be much more open about speaking about it. I had a friend who died very publicly in the last few years and that was when I tried to reorient a little bit my autonomy over what spaces I share that much.


Well my therapist said to me, he's like, you know, some stuff you can keep for yourself, not because you're hiding it out of shame, but just it's yours to keep and you should keep it having it for you in a weird way. Which is a new concept for me. Yeah. Sort of the opposite of what we were talking about earlier, which I was actually gonna say that I think it's actually okay, not out of shame, but when we were saying sharing is important, and of course it is, but it's okay to have things that are just yours. Yeah. It doesn't mean it's your secret, it's just yours. And you can protect That if you want. Well that's, your life is just sliding that line back and forth and it's like, yeah, I felt comfortable with it here and now I feel more comfortable with it here and it'll probably change again. Yeah. And it's fine.


There's not a right or wrong, it's just am I betraying myself? Do I regret it later? Right. You did make me cry today though. 'cause I was seeing the tattoo that you got and I have little girls. No. And I say that what's same thing to them all the time. Really? Yeah. Oh My God, That's so awful. Oh. And I was like, Oh my God, I can't. Yeah. They had to tattoo that I'm them at some point. Yeah. Because something went sideways, you know? It was just heartbreaking. What is the tattoo, if you don't mind sharing? It says we'll be friends forever, which is just like the sweetest.


Oh my God. I feed him like almost every day the way go. I'm like, you know we're gonna be best friends for the rest of your life. Yeah. Rest of my life. Yeah. Yeah. Unless I get a procedure, hopefully 180. Maybe I can do with them The whole time. Time that. Yeah. I'm like, we're fucking best friends from this day till the end. Well, And that's what it should be. Right. I'm so moved to hear you say that about your girls. 'cause I truly was best friends with my dad. He tried his best. There's probably equally sweet relationships, but I've had it hard to believe there are. I just can't imagine. Then you and your girls between a dad and daughter. Oh Daughter. I Just think like, fuck yeah. If moms and sons are having this, and I suppose I did have that with my mom, but just it's inconceivable that anything could be sweeter.


In fact, we went to see my 11-year-old sing in her choir. She goes to an all girls school. So it's just all these little girls up there singing. And I said to my wife, I'm like, they're the best thing. We've got daughters. Yeah. I'm planet Earth. Like of all the bells and whistles, this is it right here. Did you always wanna be a dad? Yeah. Whoa. Yeah. Yeah. I love that. I thought I wanted boys. Really? I think as a guy, that's what you think. You're like, I'm gonna have a son. I'm gonna teach him how to carve a piece of wood. I'm gonna teach him how to throw a right hook. Teach donuts in a car. Then he's, then he's fucking Good. He's straight. Then he's Fucking straight. And then I let him loose onto this planet. Yeah, Yeah. But I'm so fucking grateful I didn't have boys.


'cause I actually don't want to teach him any of that shit. I don't like go to Taylor Swift concerts, butterfly Clips in the beard. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's so sweet. Pay my nails and dye my hair. Yeah. So much more fun. Okay, so back to your career. So live in Maddie's, enormous, but then Descendants comes along and that's its own juggernaut. I think Descendants was bigger than live in Maddie. 6.6 million views versus the first. Yeah. Yeah. I dunno Why these stats are killing you. Go 6.6 million. I love numbers. They don't change. I can rely on Them. So Descendants is a whole nother wave. And now there's tons of singing and you'd already been in choir and I guess you start releasing music around Descendants time or before?


No, After. It's confusing. I did so many weird things in that time. I had a band with my then boyfriend from Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So Wild. It had a weird name. A girl and a Girl on the Dream catcher. I did not name it. And the band was not my idea. No, no. The band was not my idea. Neither was the name and none of the music. That was something that was entirely his thing. And it's sort of like a fever dream. I forget all the time that that ever happened. So like, I guess technically that was coming out around then. But no, I didn't sign with a label or start releasing my own shit until 2019. It was actually after we finished filming all three. 'cause Disney had Hollywood records that I think was with capital And that's what added touch, bloodshot waste and so good are all On.


No, I was never with Hollywood Records. No. Hollywood Republic. I think they were with Republic, but I was never signed to them. 'cause actually I did a audition to be signed to the Disney label. It was so funny 'cause first of all I was very nervous but I was in like a little yellow dress and my short little blonde hair was in like pigtails. And I was singing covers from a boombox and their comment was, we already have so many blondes. Mm. And so they didn't sign me. Wow. 'cause they had like Olivia Holt and a few other blondes that were on the channel at the time, there were Swimming and blondes. They had their Blonde quota filled. And so they didn't sign me. And I remember being devastated. Oh you didn't imagine Dragon Song 2013 on top of the world That was in the pilot of Live and Maddie. Nothing on Disney was ever my doing.


I'm sure you know that. I think a lot of people don't. Disney would be like, this is your song you're singing this week and then you go in on the weekend and then you shoot on a Monday. It gets done and dusted for you. Technically I'm on them, but they're not mine. Okay, got you. You do the three Descendants at that time. Now you're in two wildly successful things. So who were you looking at that you were like, ah, I'm grateful but also I fucking want to be this person. What things did you want to be in and were you like, I want to be Emma Stone. My film Heroes? I loved Renee Zellweger. I loved Nicole Kidman. I loved Jessica Lang. But then also I was hugely obsessed with like Rocky Horror and all of these things that I truly shouldn't have been watching at a young age. And I was like, that's the kind of uncomfortable, campy, weird left of center shit I wanna be making.


And honestly, still what I wanna be making is kind of a page turn. And I'm moving on way too quick. But I just did the show for Amazon that has got that weird little sticky, icky thing about it in the script. What Show is that? Right Now it's being called 56 Days, which is the same title of the book. It's based on this bestselling novel. Without saying Too Much. 'cause I'm sure that Amazon would have like a helicopter land on your roof and be like, shut the fuck up. I can't compare it to anything that I just listed 'cause it's drastically different. But it's got the same sort of touch of unease. Yeah. Yeah. Do you like severance? I have Never watched Severance. I know I'm so in trouble for that. It's okay. Yeah. I just need your SAG card before you leave. Yeah, That's all. It's fine. I'll just put it through the shredder. Yeah, It's fine that you didn't see it but I am gonna have to get your SAG card.


And Benor just texted me. He is furious. Yeah. He is not gonna work with you ever. Okay, so then we'll just race through you. Didado best acting, acting. Acting. I don't wanna talk about singing now. Okay. Because while you're starting to release music and it's getting very well received, is there any battle between which one I want more? Which one I want to focus on which one's more rewarding? You have finite time and so you have to make some decisions. And where on the scales are those two things? So I Had this super bullish weird thing where I was like, film and TV is so fun and so is music. Why doesn't everybody try to do it? And then I tried to do both at the same time and I was like, I am going to be hospitalized. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You simply can't.


I wish I could explain it. 'cause I was uneducated and I was like, I wanna do both. And I would assume that many people think that it's very doable. I'm here to tell you I have tried to do both. You simply can't. A couple of reasons. One is that film and TV is scheduled for you unless you are biggest name top 20. You can't be like, I love this film. I would love to shoot it in London in September after my tour. That's never gonna happen. Right? Yeah. Yeah. So music is really more up to you except festivals and shows. And the problem is that when you also have a large team who's doing music in film, the thing that ends up getting cannibalized is music. It seems the most flexible. But then I'm over here being like, I wrote a fucking album. Yeah. And it's not gonna come out till when. And it's like, yeah but you should really do this show.


And it's like, I absolutely would love to do the show. We're also making an album and so you can't plan at all. Yeah. I guess we've seen people do both but it's a spell of one. A spell of another. You don't see some of the number one movie in America and they're on tour. Yeah. Well and also that's the other thing is if you have a number one hit, it's not just you look at your phone and you go like, oh it's doing well on Spotify. You have to promote that shit all over the world. You have to be performing, you have to be doing everything. A hit will take over your life. I had a hit song in 2022 and it was the only thing I did. It's crazy what a hit song. Yeah, will do. Yeah. I'm fascinated. Of course we interview musicians and the economics of it are so fascinating to me that a hit equals now it's time to work and make money off this thing that you didn't make any money off of.


It being a hit opposite of a movie, which is like, it's a hit. Great. You got the money. Yeah, yeah. Who cares? My part's over And the next paycheck will be bigger. But this is, oh shit, this thing's hot. I gotta go everywhere now and perform this everywhere. You are your own sort of one man show in the sense yes, you have people to do your hair and your makeup, like everybody in the industry has their team. But like if you show up on a movie set, it's everybody else's job to pull off the thing. Yes. It's your job to pull off the thing how they ask you to do it. Whereas with music, you are the director, you are the producer. Like you are the little drummer boy in the front of the parade being like, go again. Go again. You are your own sort of planetary system. And I am someone who really runs everything with my music. I have an incredible team around me, but I'm not one of those artists that's like, I trust you, I do trust my team, but I'm also like, let me hear it again.


Let me hear it through headphones. Lemme Video. It's gonna be the exact thing that's in your mind. And I will be sitting in the studio being like, can we do a breath here? I'll go in down to the final last day and I will be working on mood boards with video directors and I will be scouting people. Well you're the product in this domain and in a movie. The movie's, the product. Yeah. And I'm so obsessive just because I really have an idea of what I want it to be and that's part of the fun. My partner is always like, babe, you gotta chill out. You're gonna burn out. And I'm like Yeah, but it's that extra 10% of attention that for me as an artist takes it from whatever I did my job to, Oh my God, I'm so proud of this. Is it weird, like you won Best new Artist MTV Video Music Award in 2022 and you won new Artists of the Year, American Music Awards in 22 2.


You'd been singing for 10 years. Is that weird? It was weird in the sense that I actually had not been doing it for that long. The music I released initially was my partner's music and Disney's music. Yeah. At the time my partner. Then the music after that, it wasn't music. I was entirely writing. 'cause labels are very like, you came from Disney, you have a good following, we think you should go on this record. And I would rewrite some of it but not really all of it. And it would be stuff that I kind of liked. You made it just enough of your own to do it, but it wasn't your own, You didn't feel ownership of it. No. And I was extremely plagued by I think this is what people want me to be. And I had done that for so long on Disney that I was like, I know how to do that. I guess I'll do that. And then I was enjoying it 'cause it was new. But there was no Onus Boyfriend.


The song that I wrote that went a little wild. It was the first song that I had ever written entirely top to bottom from nothing. All of these other records that I know people have heard and fans have loved that I'm sure I will get back on Spotify one day. They were originally written by other people. And then I'd sort of changed some lyrics to fit more my story just 'cause I was like, I don't think I would say that. Or I was starting to experiment with writing. And that's what a lot of artists do is they'll take records that other people have written and they'll put their own spin on it and change some things. Not everybody has the time to take six months to sit in the studio and only do that. So there's no hate or shame in that. That's pretty normal. And then some people, that's their whole gig. They're singer songwriters. That's what they do. I never really believed in myself enough to try to write a whole fucking song based on like a concept that I had had.


And I one day was just like maybe. And so I went into the studio to try to start to write and my label really didn't think anything of it. They were like, have fun babe. You know like dropping me off at the mall. They were like, okay. And I wrote Boyfriend pretty early on. I think it was the first one that I wrote in that time. Or if not the first, like one of the first. And I randomly put it up on TikTok 'cause that's what the label is like, everything's on TikTok. And I woke up to a crazy record breaking, like I had almost no tiktoks up. Literally the TikTok was live photos that I had taken of myself that I turned into video and just put together. Oh nice. It was not a good TikTok. Yeah. And I guess singing about being bisexual or attracted to women. My sister knew all about it. Wow. She looks at my calendar. Oh cute. And she goes, oh you're interviewing Dove today.


And I said, yeah, are you hip to Dove? And she's like, well yeah, I watch all the Descendants with the girls. And then her song boyfriend's awesome. And she was telling me all about it. And I'm like, oh this is interesting. This hit her radar. You're hitting a lot of different demos. We got those demos, Which is great. My friend's mom is very into you. Oh really? Yeah, In many ways. We got got 'em all. We got some moms. Yeah. So anyway, it was the first time I'd ever experienced something that I had conceptualized brought to life before You. This didn't exist. And after you this exists. Right? And then kind of before that I felt like I didn't exist. And then after this thing I felt like I finally existed in a more authentic way in the world than I ever had before. And also coupled with this coming out of it all, which I was pretty afraid to do, I can tell you what my fear would be.


What is it? My fear would be, oh, people are gonna think this is opportunistic. Oh, interesting. No, I mean I got some of that after I came out. But it was actually, I had made a music video for another song that I had released called We Belong. It wasn't a music video, it was like a visualizer because we had no money for a real music video. And there were all these faces being drawn and like embracing in cartoons. And someone sent it back to me and I realized that it was only representing heterosexual couples even though they were drawings, they were very like white heterosexual couples, boldly non-inclusive. And so I just sent a note back being like, can we get some more representation in this cartoon? Right. Everything still remained white and outlining it was just more varied in silhouette and men and women and then women and women.


Men and men androgynous looking. I was just like, this is weird. It doesn't really represent me. And also it was kind of a jarring POV for me where I was like, that is so hetero and narrow. And so I put that out and then it was like the time when people were putting emojis to hints at what was coming. So when people were like, when's the new single coming out? And I was like, emoji emoji. And then like the women loving women emoji kissing. Oh And then the song came out and it wasn't about being queer. Right. And everybody was like, you're queer ba, this is horrendous. Oh It's queer baiting. Queer Baiting is when something is for the queer community and it's not quite, or you like keep it in the hetero bubble, but you sort of give crumbs. It's a marketing technique that a lot of shows have been accused of where they'll also give same sex people a lot of tension hinting that there might be something there.


And then they never fully go there 'cause they're like, that's not really what it is. They just wanna get the queer community and sort of make money But not commit to telling the storyline That's queer baiting. So I had to basically go on Instagram live at the time and be like, guys, I'm not queer baiting, I'm queer. And I just wanted more fucking representation in the fucking cartoon. And the emoji was just hinting at the music video. I was so confused by It Wasn't a dog whistle for the court. No. And also at that time, I'd never said it publicly, but all my friends, all my family, they knew I was queer. But I just hated that I had to say it. But I did. I guess that's what I'm wondering. When does that paradigm start? Or it doesn't really need to be declared? Not that I care. I'm not like someone's like, why do you gotta tell me? That's not what I'm saying. It's just like when will it not even be interesting to anybody?


We have a long way to go. Yeah, I do too. We've made like a little bit of progress within our own internety liberal bubble of people who are maybe queer community adjacent. And also just like within the queer community, there's some weird discriminatory things. Even within the queer community. People are very heavy on labels. You have to define yourself. You have to know what it is. Also show us proof. There's a lot of weirdness. Purity tests. Yeah. And also just if we have that issue within the community, I think we have quite a ways to go. Well that's the erroneous assumption is that there would be some kind of unified harmony among a group of people because they have a single thing in common and it's like, well no, that's just like element of who they are. They're from every socioeconomic bracket.


They're from every ethnicity, they're from every type of trauma background. I had a feeling that people were going to say I wasn't queer enough. Sure. But I didn't really have an issue being second guessed because I truly was like, I know who I am. My hangup was more, my experience in my personal life was so liberal. Wonderful, beautiful, kind, protected, sweet, nurturing, supportive. And my experience of the outside world was so scary. I was also on TV in the 2010s. We were still like, she's 110 and so she's fat. People were being so crazy was tabloid time. People were just making shit up about celebrities. I was on the tail end of all that really ugly shit. My body type now would've been like, Ooh, she's really, you know, it was a terrible time.


Oh Yeah, yeah. Well just six years prior to you being on that show, they're asking 17-year-old Britney Spears if she's had a breast augmentation in the middle. Like a 16-year-old teacher asking Or is she still a virgin? Yeah. Yeah. Everyone's asking her. It's so crazy. You still a virgin? Yeah. But really, What about anal? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You know it counts still, right? It counts. It was so bad. And so I just hadn't really recovered from that or thought that society would be like, rock on. You're queer. We kind of knew it. I wasn't expecting that. Yeah. Okay. So now you're releasing more singles. You did. I'm afraid to say it. Is it alchemical? Oh yeah. Yeah. That's a weird word for me. Is that a real word? Alchemy. Oh, I Know. Alchemy's a word. But alchemical When something is, I believe you.


I've never heard it. No, we should hear it. No, I'm needing to prove this to you right now. Please do. I'm feeling like this space is no longer safe. Educate me. You know the practice of alchemy when something is something that can transmute energy, it is alchemical And it was volume one. There has to be a volume two, you would Think. Yes. Logic would follow you painted yourself in a box there a little bit, which is great. No, it's kind of cunty just to have alchemical volume one. It's like where's chemical volume two? It's like in the vault. Maybe. Can I make a pitch? Yeah. Do another album. Call it Alchemical volume three, Some completely different name. Volume one. And just your thing is you call everything volume one. That's so me. And then maybe we'll get to volume two. Yeah.


Day. It'll be like volume two. It'll be like 40 songs. Say Oh, her thing is volume one. I really, that's Cool. Yeah, it's a good, I thought it was funny to do all chemical volume one and three and then just be like, where's two? That's good. Like you haven't heard it. It's very Taylor Swift of you. Oh really? You know, keeping things and then big releases. That's true. That's true. I could learn. I went into write what I thought was gonna be alchemical volume two. But this crazy thing happened. I spent two years basically off the face of the earth and processing a lot of trauma. I found my dad's baby journal and that sounds like it's nothing. But I truly had all of this storyline in my head that my dad didn't like me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Didn't love me, didn't ever see me, didn't ever know me. So I had all of this unresolved shit probably with men in general.


I went through like a horrendous breakup. Just one of those like if I could tell it, you'd be like, no, no. Like it just kept, kept getting worse. And I'm not going to talk about it, but it was something that really truly like took me out at the knees, you know? Yeah. I don't even know how the fuck it happened, if I'm honest. I went through two really bad long-term relationships, kind of back to back. The first one was kind of all bad. The second one had had its beautiful moments and then towards the end it was just horrendous. And I was in this like weird situation where my friend had just passed. So I was coming off of antidepressants and I was trapped in Canada during Covid couldn't leave, no one could come see me. She's Louise. And then we broke up and I was like untethered. It was wild. And all the streets were shut down and it was just the most horrendous fallout from that relationship.


And so we're glossing over some things. But if I were to say those two years sort of 2020 into 2021, I was kind of listless. And that was when I dyed my hair, came out real boyfriend. And then boyfriend came out and, and then I was like kind of listless again. 'cause I was like, I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know how to follow up this song. I didn't write anything. It can be a burden. I was like, I don't even know how we did the first time. And I also won all these awards prematurely, which then I was like, guys, are you fucking sure I'm A fraud? Yeah. I got lucky. And I don't know how to do this again so Much imposter syndrome. And so then I found my dad's baby book and I basically swore off of dating anybody rest of 2022 into most of 2023. And I dipped into the deepest, darkest depression. And I just fell off the face of the planet and did a lot of internal work.


And everybody was like, you gave up your career, you don't give a fuck. And I was like, I can't make myself get out that. Yeah, We've got bigger fish to fry. Yeah. Getting me made today Was, We'll get to to it ginning year. It kind of hit me all at once. My best friend was like, you have never stopped working. And I was like, yeah, but if I stop, everything's gonna find me. And then it did. Yeah. Yeah. It always does. You were right. Yeah. And I was like, fuck you Veronica. You were fucking right. I dunno how I'm gonna get myself out of this. And so I just bared down, isolated myself, which is not something I recommend, but something I definitely did on instinct, kept myself outta trouble, stayed in my house and then had a lot of dark nights of the soul and just kind of dug, cleansed, dug, cleansed, and basically purified myself in the craziest way.


And then I met my partner. Yeah, the Italian Stallion. The Italian stallion. And then I tried to write the album Two months after we started dating, I wrote the first song about him and it was very clear that the album was going to be a massive departure from anything I was doing before. I was like, why are we trying to write a part two when I was so depressed in those songs? And this one is like a fully different book. Why am I trying to make them be married? I can't. Right. That's why you're gonna release a new album called Volume One, Then you'll volume, Then you get depressed again. It's life. And Then I'll get depressed again. It's We got it scheduled. Yeah. I'm gonna be depressed probably from November to like March would say. Say so. Don't reach out.


No, no, no. Honestly, I don't mean to make light, But you're having tons of success with now You're happy Falling in Love song. I really didn't expect that I couldn't have written this album if I had not dropped off the face of the planet and learned a little bit more about who I was as an adult and as an individual. Yeah. Yeah. Stay tuned for more Armchair Expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Better Help. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session, which adds up fast. But with Better Help Online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session. And you know people don't have any problem investing into their physical health. Yeah. And I sure would like to see them have that same willingness to invest in their mental health with Better Help you pay a flat fee for weekly sessions, saving you big on cost and time. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything. From anxiety to everyday stress, your mental health is worth it. And now it's within Reach. With over 30,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join a session with the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. Plus switch therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help hlp.com/dax.


We are supported by ZipRecruiter. Oh, get recruiting. You've heard of speed dating, right? Well, if you're the owner of a growing business, what if there was a feature like speed dating only for hiring? In other words, you can meet several interested qualified candidates at once all at a designated time. Well, good news there is it's zip intro from ZipRecruiter. You can post your job today and start talking to qualified candidates tomorrow. And right now you can try zip intro for free at ziprecruiter.com/dax. Zip intro gives you the power to quickly assess excellent candidates for your job via back to back video calls. You simply pick a time and zip intro. Does all the work of finding and scheduling qualified candidates for you, then you can choose who you want to talk to and meet with great people as soon as the next day. So easy. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with new zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ziprecruiter.com/dax. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/dax. Zip intro. Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates Tomorrow


we are supported by Vital Proteins. Collagen has become popular for helping your skin look useful and collagen can help with that, but it's about more than just appearance. Collagen can help you move better too. After 30. Loss of collagen is one of the reasons your bones and joints don't move like they used to. By taking Vital Proteins, collagen, peptides, daily, you can help support your hair, skin, nail, bone, and joint health. It's one quick addition to your daily routine to help you look and move your best. And when something catches on like collagen has, there's a lot of different options and it can be hard to know which brand to try. Well, the folks at Vital Proteins didn't just hop on the bandwagon. They're experts in this stuff. That's why Vital Proteins is the number one brand of collagen peptides in the US Get 20% off by going to vital proteins.com and enter promo code DAX at checkout. That's Vital proteins.com promo code DAX for 20% off. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease


in going through all the dad stuff. I mean, here's what I would hope for you. Did you come to accept? Oh no. He most definitely loved me like crazy. And he most definitely had a lot of conditions that had nothing to do with me. Yeah. It's so funny because finding this baby book was really like a pivotal thing in my human evolution timeline. I can't overemphasize enough what it did for me. This came straight out of that excerpt, which was something I apparently said to him on the changing table when I was two. Like barely verbal, we'll be friends forever. And he was like, hold on. And had to date it and time it. And he was like, we will be friends forever.


But there was so much in there that was like, today you read the first word out of your newspaper, you're so smart. You know, like Yeah. Stuff that I I I never got from him. Yeah, yeah. When he was alive, stuff that he was too sad to tell me as I was growing up. And I think just knowing that he really did see me, the things that he would say about me, I was so shocked were things that were still true now. He was like, you're so intense. You're so independent, you're so fiery. You always stand up for yourself. You always apologize first. You always make sure everyone around you is okay. And I was like, how do you glean this from someone who's five and under? I don't know. You must be really paying attention. Yeah, yeah. He knew you.


He saw you. Yeah. Yeah. And so I think like God, I'm like fully crying, but I think there was something in that. I had always thought that there was something wrong with me. Of course. And also the way that my dad really didn't love my mom very well. My mom and I were so similar. I was like, there's something wrong. He doesn't love us. He doesn't like us and I really like and love him. Yeah. And so I think it really skewed my perspective on having to be something for so many people. I thought that I had to win love. I thought that I had to put up with dark things to be worthy, to be good enough. Also, growing up with an unstable parent, you really start to sort of calculate and read other people's behaviors and triggers before they get triggered.


And so you're walking on eggshells. You're trying to be the perfect everything. You're trying to control the environment they're in. So the bad thing doesn't set off And you start to do that in everything. Yeah. You become erotic about your surroundings and Apologetic. Anyway, all of that is to say that when I read that actually I was entirely wrong and he couldn't wait to see who I would turn into and truly saw me madly In love with you. Yeah. And in the way that I was with him, I was finally able to like put this massive rock down. Oh, I have always been exactly who I am. I have always been seen as the person I am today. And really, he didn't miss anything. Oh, that's interesting.


Yeah. That's very sweet. That's like, If he could love me like that, I can love me like that. Yeah. Yeah. That also I think was really what made my life what it is now is that fucking baby journal. So yeah. Keep a journal for your fucking kids. Well then lets you enter into this Italian stall situation. A much probably healthier version of yourself. Oh yeah. What's different about an Italian? Yeah. Oh, that's not what I'm, don't come out. You shoulda Not what I was gonna say. What were you gonna say? Yeah, I was gonna say, what's different about him than the others? How's he not part of the pattern? Exactly. Without bringing anyone else into it. My political answer, what my partner is that I have never seen firsthand is he is the most honest, beautiful, truly off the charts, intelligent, funny as fuck kind, good hearted person.


Why did you do this to me? Sorry. I don't know how to talk about anything else. I have Other things I should say. Both of our mascara is running. I also love this laugh. Like you're in pain. You're like, ah ha ha. So crazy. It borders a maniacal. Oh Yeah. Yeah. I'm right there with these baby. Well, one thing I read that you said about him, which I thought was really neat, is there seems to be an embrace of a dual masculinity femininity that maybe is Italian. Maybe it's just the group that you're surrounded by, but that they seem to have a great comfort in being both sides. He's really in both of his energies. I would say he's really masculine and feminine in all of the most beautiful ways. I always like to say that I would've found him in any body.


I truly think that he is the most beautiful soul. He's kind of shy. And so actually I think he puts out this air of unapproachability aloof. Yeah. Which is really just, he's introverted. The thing that he said to me first that then I started saying, 'cause it's really true, is that I was really afraid of humans at the time that I had met him. And I had really been convinced that something was wrong with me and I was not allowed to engage with the other humans for fear of either me inadvertently harming them or being harmed. And I was starting to get really introverted and weird. And when I met him and when he asked me out, it was maybe only three or four weeks into dating that we were crying and doing the deep dive.


And he was like, I think I really needed you to come into my life because I was starting to disappear. That was exactly what it was for me. He's my proof that I can be here in the most beautiful way because I have the most incredible friends. But the way that he sees me is something that I've never experienced and the way that we're best friends. And I think that's really one of the cornerstones of our relationship, is just the way that we are so healthy for each other. We really are normal human beings. Yeah. First it Sounds like he's giving you permission to just be you. Oh yeah. The main difference I really can stand on is that he wants me to be as big and expressed and healthy and whole and off the rails.


Whoever I am, he wants me to be that at a 10. Very Few guys are secure enough to let you be a supernova and not be afraid they're gonna lose you. And that was really my experience. He really couldn't be more the opposite. If I'm ever hiding in any way, he's like, what the fuck are you doing? Doing? Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's my biggest amplifier. And that to me has just been so healing. Also just for like my inner child. We love this kind of guy. Yeah. We love this fucking man. Yeah. This guy's all right. He's okay. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's a good guy. He is a bikini. What the fuck is a bikini? My best friend Aaron and I at times talk like Mafioso and we just thought, what if one of the family's last name was Bikini, but they had to sell it.


It's like, don't worry. He is with us. He's bikini. And he is bikini. It's just funny you say the word bikini like a, It's just so like Yeah. Yeah. Like it's tough. This Guy's fucking bikini. Oh. Oh. You don't wanna fucking go over there. It's a whole family bikinis. Right? Exactly. This place is full. The whole block is fucking Bikinis. You don't even wanna go over There. The guy packing you. Cock, bikini, bikini. The guy sip you a dish. Bikini. They're everywhere. Watch your mouth. So stupid. I wanna make sure I'm plugging the right thing. Too Much. Too Much. Too Much. Too Much. Too Much. You said it first. Great song. Watch the video. Great video. Thank you. Tell me what's coming this year. Too Much is out in charge right now. Yeah. Too Much is writing the show. It's The bell of the ball. She's The bell of the ball. I have a new single coming out very, very soon.


We're kind of vacillating between two, but I'm pretty sure I know which one I want it to be. What month is it? March. Okay. I have a new single coming out next month. Okay, great. And then probably just one more and then somewhere in there the album. You'll do the album. Do the album. Well Dove slash Chloe, your friends call you Chloe, your work associates call you Dove. Uhoh. What heard Dove was their dad's nickname for, what Should we call you? What did we earn today? I wanna go with Dolo With to see Alo. It's like Dolores Or Clove. Clo. Clove. Clo Clove is good. Clover. Oh shit. Yeah. Get that vape. Missed in the atmosphere. Get that nicotine mist all up in the atmosphere.


Usually. Nice smoky set. Environ. This has been really one of my faves. This was so fun. Really? Oh, I love if I get a cry in in an episode. Me like once a year I get a cry in an episode once A year. I'm feeling so connected. I'm feeling so high vibing. No, I'm the same. Well the father Daughter stuff a real cheap shot. So pretty high eyes. I came in getting some tears out of me, but this was incredible. This was so nice. Yeah. I really, really enjoyed this. You're wonderful. You deserve everything. Thank you. And I'm gonna get your friend's gold tooth person. I'm gonna get your friend's gold tooth. The listener viewer will see me at some point in the near future with a gold tooth. And we will have you to thank Yeah. We're gonna know this. Where else started. All right, Well come back.


Okay. I will please. Just like tonight for dinner. Sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Come back. You can just live there. Don't Even come back. Oh, bikini Reunion. I sure hope there weren't any mistakes in that episode, but we'll find out. When my mom misses Monica comes in and tells us what was wrong. Hello. Happy fact check. Happy Fact check. You've been gone. We recorded on Thursday. Yeah. Right? Yeah. Which by normally is one second ago. Sure. Right. Sure. But I went to Disneyland. Yeah. All day Friday. Went there Thursday night, then flew crack ass to Austin on Saturday.


Went to a sprint race. Waved a checkered flag. Yeah. Then went to the race on Sunday. Yes. Walked another 10 miles. Then Monday went to the track and rode all day. Then flew back last night. So I feel like we haven't worked in three weeks. Right. I also feel like it's been a while, but for, Do you feel rusty For the Yeah. I don't remember how to do it. It's for the opposite reason though. Okay. I, last week I tried to get everything done, all the edits so that I didn't have to work on Friday.


Because with What were you? I just didn't want to, not because wanted the day I needed a day. Yeah. Yeah. To relax. And I did end up having to do a tiny edit in the morning, but it was fine. I was, oh. And I had a meeting, but I was done by 1130. Oh wow. Virtually a three day weekend. Yes. And then, you know what else I did? What On Monday? Yeah. I decided the same thing. Oh wow. And I was like, I'm gonna just have to do extra on Tuesday. But it's, it's okay. Okay. And I really needed it. I, I didn't really realize it. Yeah. But I really needed like a little tiny chunk of Rusty compressed, rusty, Rusty.


Just getting to decide what I wanna do and not think like, and at what point am I gonna go? Yeah. Open my computer and do X, Y, and Z. Yeah. I think your skin is proof of it. I'm wearing new makeup. Oh wow. Did you discover that in your leisure time? Yeah. A new brand And, well actually maybe it's not the makeup. Although today is the first day I'm wearing this new makeup. Okay. I have also been using vitamin C serum, which does brighten your complexion. It does. Yes. And I used to use it, but I stopped all my stuff when I went to my new When you had your hard reset. When I had my hard reset.


Yeah. The goddess at corrective skincare, I like just stopped everything and just did my basic, basic regimen with her. But then I was like, Ooh, I'm gonna dip my baby toe in the water. Yeah. You kind of wanted more action A little bit. Yeah. And so far One day? No, no. I've had, I've done vitamin C for like a week. Oh, okay. Did you tell her you were going to? No. Yeah. But she's cool. She's cool with it. Do I need it? Vitamin C serum's. Great. It's a great serum. Yeah. Experts agree. They Do. I mean, it's good to wear sunscreen if you're gonna use vitamin C serum. Oh, Okay.


I Don't, yeah. Well here's browns. I think you, that's for people that are white Probably. No, but actually I am a little nervous. So there is this little thing on my face here. And we don't think it's Your Team a pimp. Oh. So now I'm a little anxious that it is some sorry world. That it is some something that might need removal. Okay. Now if I need it removed. I did think this all through. It was like, what if I have a bandaid on my face for like two weeks? That's, that's cool. As long as you say like, I got it. I got careless with a knife and stab myself. If there's some kind of cool twist on it. Yeah.


Raccoon scratched you. Okay. Yeah. Dog bite. But yeah, I had something removed and I have a bandaid. I know. Or this is a wart removal. I Don't think it's a wart. I think it would be Hypoplasia. Cancer Hyperplasia. I look, is it okay? Really? If I have to get this removed and I have to have a bandaid on my face for two weeks, I, I think we're gonna have to figure something out. I can't Perform with a bandaid on your face. I can't, I can't even perform in life. I'll have to be in my room for Two weeks. And you don't wanna, you don't wanna ruin one of your trips. 'cause I was gonna say, you could have it done right before I, no spring break. You don't want to be. I really wanna go.


You just gotta do what Sia does. Oh. Get a haircut. Cut that. Where, so that covers your face. So over my face. So, Or your haircut. Okay. I like a wig, but it's in front of my face. Yeah. Well You, you, I don't think you would need to supplement your hair. Well, that'd be kind of, you're funny to pull it in front of your bandaid. Oh. Like this. What was it you a cow at the time you had, you did pull your hair as much as you could because you had a chemical peel. Oh yeah. Remember? And then we had a hot gas. Yes. Oh, it was crisp pine, right? Yes. Yeah. Oh my God. That's right. I had a, it wasn't chemical was Herbal and there was just like a oval slit in the middle of your face.


Yeah. I really, I wore my hair. I was like really wearing it like Yeah. Like this real protective. Yeah. Yeah. I guess I'll, okay. Like cousin, I guess I'll do that if I have a bandaid. Okay. Maybe. I don't know. Oh, speaking of big revelation since the last time we spoke. Oh shoot. I think I may have cut it. We talked about hats. I do think I cut it. Oh, okay. We talked about hats. I didn't make the cuts because I don't wear hats ever. Right. But since we talked about it, I've worn a baseball hat twice. You have? And how do you, like, how's it going? Okay. I like it because I feel like a different Monica when I wear it.


Oh. It's a whole identity. It's a completely different identity. And what is that version of Monica? Like? Likes baseball games? She Is, no, no. She is very, what's this face like over it? Oh, she's over it. No, it's not, it's not so much over it as like, I'm just so chill. By the way, the look you just gave a woman gave me in a restaurant on Monday night. Why? I was walking from the bathroom and I like caught eyes with this woman and this man. And like, she was just like looking at me straight and I was just kind of looking at her back straight. And then all of a sudden she went, oh, like gave me a real weird eye roll.


And I was like, that was weird. What were you wearing? Black T-shirt and jeans. Yeah. And was it a fancy place? Oh no, no, no, no. It's, it was great. It's Mediterranean. It's right under the Soho house. It was very Oh, I love that Place. Do you know that place? Yes. It's got like three letters. Yes. RAB or RIP. It's not, I think there's an A in it. A, A RB or It had really G. Okay. That's the place that Erica, Jess, Laura and I fled to when we got kicked outta Barton Springs. Oh, Abba. Really? Abba Austin. Abba. Yeah. A B, A.


Yep. Okay. A, B, A A, BA. Always be. Always be achieving aiding. Always be aiding. Yeah. We went there. Yeah. Big huge tree outside. Yeah. Gorgeous. So cute and tasty as hell. Yes. And then a very funny thing happened, which was I hung out with my friends Amy and Rory the whole time. Rory and I went to the both races together. And what's so nice is he lends me one of his cars while I'm in town. He did The last time we Were, and it's a very nice car. Yes. When we were there for unboxed. Yes. He also lent it to me. And I, I find that to be one of the most touching things imaginable. Just 'cause I'm super into cars. Yeah. And I do not like loaning my cars out.


Yes. And it's a very, very nice C car. Very nice. It's a Bentley speed. And I, it's crazy. Like it's a car I wouldn't personally loan Out. Yeah. Or by myself, you know? It's so nice. It's gorgeous and it's green. Yeah. It's a sexy green. And We went to Dairy Queen in it. I did. And I was nervous. I did again. You did. Anyways, I love it. I feel so fancy driving around Austin in it and it really touches me. So we went out to eat on Saturday with his dad and his stepmom and an, and I was there for, oh, Lambert's our spot. So I had put my credit card down as soon as I gave it to him. As soon as I got there. And I was there before them. So the bill comes, I pay, he's furious.


He really wants to pay. You can't pay. You got two steaks. Exactly. I knew I was going to eat like an asshole. Yeah. And I did. And so what was really funny was he said, okay, tomorrow night I'm paying. Okay. And I said, okay, well we'll see. And then he texted me in the day, if you don't let me pay, I am not loaning you my car anymore. Oh Shit. And I said, really good leverage. I'm definitely gonna let you pay 'cause I want to borrow your car. And then he decided last minute, I'm gonna stay home with the kids. Just Ange is coming, but you must let Ange buy. And I was like, okay. Okay. So we have this dinner, it's spectacular. Ooh.


There's a woman with a huge group of people. They're all from Minnesota. The manager comes over and says, this woman has bought your dinner. Oh my God. God zipped over a dessert. Gosh. That's so sweet. So I was like, Oh my God, Angie, I can't wait for you to go home and say you still, you didn't get to buy. Even though I agreed. Oh my God. I didn't buy. But nor nor did they. That Is, yeah. The universe giving a big old wink. Yes. Yes. Very nice woman. That's So sweet. Shout Out. Yeah. I gave her a big hug. Big strong hug. Oh, okay. That reminds me of two. Okay. That reminds me of something. It has been a long time. Yes. Right. Weeks. Okay. But pause on that pin in that. Okay.


Let's talk about paying and stuff. Okay, great. When I first started working for you guys. Yeah. You know, I only had so much dollars in my pocket. Sure, Sure. And I was coming off a SoulCycle and stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then, but we all would hang out as a group and then we'd go to dinner. Yeah. And I, I always di I felt like this is ridiculous that they're paying every time and I think it's bad. And then, you know, people would offer and I would offer. Yeah. And I think sometimes when you're in the position of paying, you feel like it's a just like, gesture of an offer. Right. But it's not like I, well, tell me more. I, I think now that I'm on sort of the other side of this and I, I do also struggle.


Yeah. Because I wanna treat my friends to things. Yeah. I also understand what it's like when they're saying, please, please let me pay. I know. And I, 'cause I'm like, you're just, I think you're just saying that 'cause you wanna be a polite, good person. But actually what I do know from me is you, if you let someone pay every single time, you end up feeling like a mooch. Right. Yeah. And it feels bad. Two things are happening for me. And it's a challenge. One is, it was pointed out to me by Tom Hansen, very smart man who I think learned from a therapist. Great. We love therapy. Yeah. He is like, you, you, you have to, relationships have to be reciprocal.


Yes. And, and that's true. I get that. And it's just a bummer that it has to be seen as reciprocal just financially. It Doesn't though Be because here's my dilemma, so I get it. Yeah. People want to Well, a they wanna treat you and they want to reciprocate. But I have an ethical dilemma with it, which is like, I get paid Too Much money. Yeah. It seems crazy that of the two of us, you're working your ass off. That's not to say that that's r Rory and Andrew's situation. No, no. Is Yeah. Just in general. If it, if it's everyone working hard, everyone's working hard.


And if it's a lot less of a ding to me. Yep. I just feel ethically like this feels crazy. The example I gave my mom. 'cause my mom tries to say, and I like this. Yeah. I said, mom, just imagine we're walking through the desert and you were allotted a half gallon of water and I was allotted a swimming pool. Yeah. And we're traveling through the desert and you wanna share your water with me. It's nice. But I just ethically I know I get this fucking, it would be so wrong of me to take your water. I think that too. But what, what there is a risk of Yeah. Is a power imbalance does start, can start forming. I know. But what blows is it's mostly in the mind of the person who's getting something for free. Which I get.


Yes. There are certain personality types that it does lead to resentment. Yeah. Hence Tom telling me that you gotta Yeah. Make sure you're relationship. I think it in different, for different people. Resentments on both sides. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, there can definitely be a I've done so much for you and now and you aren't doing the, you know, whatever. I, I think humans, even though we think we're bigger than that, yeah. Sometimes it slips in. We're Keeping score. I don't It's tricky though. Yeah. I think it's tricky. Well, like I, I'll I'll notice like, okay, I'm about to make Rory mad. Like, you wanna feel equal to anyone in a relationship, friend, anything.


Yeah. Yeah. You know, and so if one person, again, it's tricky 'cause I, I feel the same as you. I'm like, I am happy to pay because I also don't contribute in many other ways Yeah. That these other people are contributing. So to me it's all equal. Yeah. But there is something about finances for people that make everyone go bonkers. Yes. I have a friend who does well but also has times of not being, you know, struggling a little bit. Yeah. And she is actually like, if I, for out to dinner, she'll o she'll definitely offer and I'm like, no.


And she will just say thank you. I really appreciate it. Yeah. Yeah. Because she also understands like, yeah, we just spent the, this dinner Yeah. Talking about Yeah. How rough struggle. Yeah. Yeah. That would be kind of crazy for me to be like, okay, yeah. We'll split it in half now. Yeah. Yeah. It's just tricks. But money makes relationships complicated. Yeah. It really does. I hate that. But I think it's real. I know what you'd like to go is like, oh, we're, we're kind of like a group. One of us got this thing, I'm gonna share it. But it is complicated. Yeah. And I'm trying to think when I was on the other end of it, I wasn't resentful, but I was judgmental.


What do You mean? Like, when I was broke and maybe where I'd experience it with is my brother would pay for everything, which was so nice. Yeah. And he really took, he took me on vacations and That's nice. Yeah. It was super nice and it was a nice luxury in those eight years of being broke. But I, 'cause I coveted money so much and I didn't have it, I would be like, God, they're so wasteful. Like the way they order food. Oh, so much stuff goes ate. That's interesting. Yeah. So I was like, often judgmental, which I regret. Oh. 'cause now surely if you were witnessing me, you would easily say that anyone would Sure.


Like I, my thing is I'll order Too Much food for Right. If people are over or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. I, I act just like my brother does. Right. So I have to think. Yeah. Some people are like, probably maybe fine with it and appreciative and also judgmental and that's fair. 'cause I was, huh. Yeah. It's all based on our, our badge. It's like, I remember walking into my brother's garage and he had like, he had so many snowmobiles and I was like, what the fuck does he need all these snow? He can only ride one. And he is like, they're not fun unless I can have friends. Right. Come ride makes sense. And my friends don't ha own them. Yeah. And yeah, I look at my garage and I'm like, yeah, there's three more. Like goes I don't need. But when Aaron's here, we ride together or you know, they're only fun if I can them.


Maybe you Apologize to him. Maybe I should. That's a good idea. Yeah. But he, I don't know if he knew I was, I guess He's like, now it starts a new fight. My sister gonna occasionally listen. So maybe this would get to Oh, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. It it's so much, it's so based on our, our past too. Because I don't, I don't think I had judgment over like excess, but I didn't grow up feeling like scar. I didn't have enough. Yeah. Yeah. So that's probably why. Yeah. But I definitely felt like I need to be an equal here.


That's my own bag. That's my own past stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Now back to my pen. Yes. Something bad happened. Oh, okay. You know, on the streets of places there are people with clipboards Yes. Who are trying to sign you up for things. Yeah. Yeah. So trying to sign you up for things. They are always like, it's always a nice Yeah. Cause you know, I, you know, I, I believe in these people's hearts. Yes. They have good hearts. Probably. I don't know them, but I am never gonna stop, sign and sign a thing on a clipboard.


Yeah. And in fact, when I see, when I like approach anyone with a clipboard, I get like this sense of dread. Yes. Yes. I think we all do. Yeah. I think it's pretty universal. And I think like, ah, what are they, why It's even worse than someone panhandling. You've somehow like that you've worked through the guilt of that years ago. Yes. And, and those first they want something. This is like, they want a good change whether or not I agree with their Right. They want change for the world, but they Even, they're out there like volunteering. I Know, I know. And they don't, all it would take is just a few minutes of conversation in my signature. Yeah. But I've, I've read some of those things. I'm like, I, I'm actually not aligned with this.


That's happened to me. But they know they're smart. They're very smart because they know what to say. Right. Yeah. They'll say, they'll say, do You want reproductive rights? Exactly. Sign this. Nont, toin apple. Yeah. Do you believe in trans rights? Yeah. That's a big one where I'm like, yes. Yeah, but I'm not, I don't wanna talk to you like it's like it gets, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so my normal method is just to, like, I just say sorry, and I just keep walking. Yeah. Yeah. With my head down. Yeah. I say sorry, honestly with a little bit of like, you're Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Irritability. And Callie taught me, she said, I think a good way to do it is to say, not today, but thank you and keep going.


And I was like, that's polite. It also, it also says, I will just not today. Yeah. And then, and thank you for your service, then you really all, so then you can't go back there if you've used that method, it can't be a place you visit every day. Well, if, oh, you think they're gonna be there every day, Right? Yeah. Like if you are going grocery shopping, great. That's once a week. Yeah. But your normal Starbucks, you can't say next time because you'll see them the next day. They're outside Maru a lot. Oh. And I know I've walked like four blocks out of the way to avoid See, walking Past 'em, they're praying on the, Exactly. Yeah. Okay. So I, I practic.


Okay. She taught me that. I was like, that's good. I'm gonna start adopting that. 'cause I don't like the way it feels when I say sorry. Right. So, a couple days later, I was on Larchmont. Of course there's clip orders. I don't remember what they were trying to get me to do, but I, I said, not today. Thank you. I got a little tripped up because he said, I like your pants. Oh Yeah. And I was like, oh, thank you. And then he got Yes. Yeah. They, then he came in again and I was like, oh, not today, but I'd already said it. So that one wasn't great. There's tricks. Yeah. They, that wasn't great. That was my first attempt. And then on Friday, this past Friday, you're gonna hate day.


Hate this. Yeah. My day off, I decided to go shopping, obviously, and on Sycamore. And so I was walking, I see some clipboards, but I don't know, they're actually not holding a clipboard this time, but they have like, some sort of setup, you know? Okay. Yeah. A kiosk Kind, a makeshift something. Yeah. And, and I was like, oh, no. Okay. Not today. Thanks. Like I, I practiced in my head. Yeah. And then I went up, I started to walk past and they said, do something like, do you like the earth? Or, oh yeah. Do you like breathing fresh air? Yeah. Or do you care about the environment?


Or maybe it was like, do you wanna protect some, it wasn't actually that mean, or, you know, that aggressive. Okay. And I said, no, not today. No. And then I got anxious. And so then I started walking really fast. And then the woman there was, it was a woman and a man, and the woman said, are you, Oh, no, I know. Yeah. Wow. She said, are you Monica? And I said, oh, yeah, I am. And I'm still walking. Yeah. I mean, this is a nightmare. Yeah. Now you wanna start running. And I am like, my pace is picking up. And I was like, yeah. Oh yeah. I'm, and she was like, Oh my God. I, I'm, I'm a huge fan and I, I'm walking still.


Okay. Yeah. I can't stop. Yes, yes. That's worse. Right? It's worse if I'm like, oh, you're a fan. I guess I will come over and chit chat with you about the earth. Like, right. Oof. Yeah. This is a this Is really big. Pickle Taps you too. Yeah. So I, so yeah. And I was like, oh, thank you so much. And I, I meant that. Yeah. I'm very grateful that this very nice person who's spending, I'm going shopping and this person's spending her day for the earth. Yeah. And, and she is a fan of us. It's like, yeah, this feels like opposite World. Well, just, you really make it even Worse. I'm sure she's a fan of you. She gets through of me to, Well, now she, we probably lost her.


Oh God. Monica, you should have signed just signed. Fuck. I didn't have to. Oh, yeah. Oh yeah. This was, this was actually a part of it. I had parked on the street where it was gonna start towing in 40 minutes. Oh, Okay. So you had a time clock. I, I was on a clock and I hadn't even gotten to the store yet. Oh Yeah. You didn't have time to, couldn't get political or you didn't have time to be an activist that day. I Didn't. Yeah. It was a shopping. It was my free day. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, if you


dare. We are supported by Squarespace, our old friends Squarespace. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform designed to help you stand out and succeed online. We love Squarespace. We have our arm share expert website, which was built by Squarespace. And it's Gorgeous. It's a great, great product. If you wanna build a website that looks as snazzy as the armchair expert site, Squarespace makes it simple. But their collection of cutting edge design tools, you can build a bespoke online presence that perfectly fits your brand or business. Start with Blueprint ai, Squarespace's AI enhanced website builder to get a fully custom website in just a few steps. Basic info about your industry goals and personality will generate premium quality content and personalized design recommendations. Squarespace also offers a complete library of website templates with options for every use and category. You can make a gorgeous website without any previous experience. Check out squarespace.com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code Dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's squarespace.com and promo code Dax to get started today,


I just say very hap I'm not sorry. Right. I just go, oh, no thanks. Like Literally outside of Skylight books, they say, do you care? Do you care about the kids in pa, children in Palestine? Oh boy. It's so like saying No, thank you. Yeah. You've said no. It feels like bad energy. Yeah. Right. And that's why I just say, sorry, I'm so sorry. I don't, I'm a bad person. Yeah. That's the kind, I'm a bad person. That's the subtext. Yeah. Yeah. Anywho, well, I hope they clean that up. That's soliciting all these signs. All these places have signs that say No.


Do you Think I should start my own? That's to get these clip orders gone. Oh Wow. That would be ironic. Yeah. Yeah. Petition to get rid of, of a measure, state measure to get rid of You can't hold the Clipboard. It, I feel bad ever. They're doing such everyone's so they're good people. Like I recognize that, but I, I just don't, I think I honestly, I feel pessimistic that signing this thing is gonna do anything for the children in Palestine. Yeah. I, what I wanna say is like I've already, I already support them. I've already given money.


I've already done my part on both sides. So don't come over here. Also, you guy, you clipboards over here. I'm doing my part. Yeah. Signing this to me means nothing. And all you've done is make me so mad at this. Cause now, now I'm mad at your Cause Right now, I don't like any of the kids of the world. I hate the children of the world. Now. I'm glad I'm not ex I'm not getting that much clipboard traffic. Thank goodness You don't walk very much. It does make me remember that, you know, in the airport before, back when you could go through security without a plane ticket, pre nine 11.


Yeah. There were all kinds of people working in the airport and there is a whole legion of people that come up and they would hand you a little piece of paper and you look at it. Maybe it was lightly like a present, like it was a tiny little trinket. And then you'd open up and it would say like, I am deaf and mute. They're working. They were, they used to work lax. Oh, hard. And I remember being like, maybe Chris and I there and like someone's coming up with a little trinket and I'm like, don't take it. Don't take the trinket. Don't. Yeah. Obviously. 'cause did that one feels like a also you're gonna get a, a hacks or a what do you got Exactly. Is you don't a spell on You that you might get a spell on you if you take the trinket. Yes. You've touched it. Yes. And then you don't give them money.


I know. Is that like, is that our generation? We like saw some movie or something that taught us about spells or Something slimmer or something that's a thinner. Thinner, right? Is that it? Yeah. That's the, it's not Spielberg, but I don't know who it is. But Jess talks about thinner, thinner all the time. The famous King, Stephen King. Right. He gets a, what'd you call? It's not a hex No. A scary man touch, like, will touch you and say thinner. Yeah. And then you like get really thin and you disappear. Yep. A curd curse. A curse. A curse. A curse. A curse. Yes. Yeah. That's so funny that you bring that. I've never seen it and I had never heard of it.


But one time, remember I was at a again 'cause I walked so much. Yeah. I was at a stop light ready to cross. A unhoused person touched me. Right. I remember that on Back. Yes. Because it kind of caressed your back. Yeah. And it was really creepy and I really didn't like it. And then when I told Jess, he said thinner. Oh, okay. So that was your big update. That was a big update of mine. Yeah. The Clipboards. Yeah. I like it. It was a good one. But you told me you had an update. I see. And I just wanted to make sure that I got Updated. I do have another update. You have another Update. Well, but do you wanna tell me any of your updates? Lemme see if I wrote anything down in my fact check category. Oh, you know, I've actually formed a, I encourage you to do this.


I made a notes folder called Bucket list. Oh. I've never actually had a bucket list. Have you ever actually written down a bucket list? No. But I thought it was a good idea. So I've done, I've done done that. Oh, what's on it? Isle of Man, that's a motorcycle race on the Isle of Man. It's crazy. The one you Taught us about a year, you said people die. Yeah. Every year someone dies. I gotta go to that. That Iowa bicycle ride that you cross Iowa. Hold on. Do you need to be in it or can you just go? I'll probably do. There's a day before the race, maybe Saturday or Friday where you can ride the course. Okay. It has a crazy name. Okay. But I would like to ride the course. Okay. And then spectate for the madness.


Okay. The bicycle ride across Iowa. Okay. That sounds so fun. Great. And then the great loop on a boat, which I've talked about. Wow. Of of course, it's a 6,000 mile. Of course you all of yours are Transportation oriented. Yeah. King of conveyance, King of conveyance. The king in conveyance. Oh no, I haven't written anything down. Okay. Well, yesterday, yeah, I relearned, Mahjong, Rachel, Anthony, Allison and I used to play Mahjong a lot. Okay. Way back in the day. And now it's like hip, like everyone's playing Mahjong.


Yeah. I think Kristen went to like a Mahjong learning Day in friend's house. Kristen did Mahjong thing. And there's different countries of origin, versions of Mahjong, Right? Yeah. American Mahjong is is the one that like Jewish women. Okay. Play. All right. And that's the one that's taken off Chinese. But there's an Asian one Who? Chinese. It's originally Chinese. Mahjong is, but this is different. And it's so fun. But I had forgotten I completely forgot how to play. Yeah. But I felt like annoyed that it was back in It's like in vogue. In Vogue. Right. And I was pre, Yeah. So is it more complicated than spades?


It's so complicated. It's so complicated. But in, in such a fun way, I think you'll like it. Oh really? I Think you should learn. Okay. I mean, there's parts you're not gonna like, 'cause there's a lot of pomp and circumstance, like A lot of pageantry. Yes. There's a whole way of like, the way you set up and then you like push your wall out. And then the way you deal is very specific. And then you do this thing called the Charleston, which is a way of passing. Mm. And yes. And then you have a booklet. It's a new one every year. Oh. The National Mahjong League puts out a new card every year. Oh, wow. And so each card has like many, many lines of variations of what you're basically trying to make on your book wall.


Yeah. Okay. And it's so fun. And it was, And you play with tiles, tiles, Tiles. And I obviously I bought a set. Yeah. A real nice set. Yeah. But actually mine's a little cheeky, like Oh, Playful. Yeah. The winds have, winds are a part one suit ish of, of the tiles. Mine have mermaids on them. Oh, fun. Yeah. So anyway, I, I was really reinvigorated by it. I didn't win. We played two games and I did not win. So That was hard. That is not sitting well. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Rachel grew up playing Mahjong.


Her she'd been playing for 27 years. Right. There's like the girls in spades. They'll be unstoppable. Exactly. And her mom plays in tournaments and stuff. Oh wow. And so she's the one that, or taught me and then she taught us yesterday, which was really fun. But also what I think I wanna do. Hmm. I feel bad because Amy listens to the show religiously. Shout out. Hi, Amy Hamson. Amy was there last night. Okay. As part of the learning group. But Who hosted the learning group? Me. Oh, I did with, it was just Laura and Amy and Rachel. Oh, okay. And then I think what I'm gonna do to get ahead is have another group.


Oh, an accelerated group? No, just so that I, I'm playing double. Okay. And with, with another, with Elizabeth as the teacher. So just in case they're Rachel and Elizabeth have different techniques. I want it all. Oh, okay. You're committed to getting really good at it. Yes. Oh wow. I guess I should learn. I'm, I'm in the process of learning bridge, which our lessons are like every two months. And we all forget who, Who's teaching This nice gentleman. Oh yeah. He's a professional bridge player and teacher. Oh yeah. That's Fun. Yeah. But we forget 'cause we've only done two or three lessons in the over six months.


That's not good. And I gotta hit it. Much harder than that. Anyway, that's my update. Oh, wonderful. That's my big update. Okay. This is for Dove. Ah, Great episode. What a lovely episode. Beautiful Episode. Yeah. I love her. Love Her. I love them. For people who don't remember that was Seth Seth's daughter. Seth's daughter. Yeah. Seth Green's daughter. Seth Green's. Beautiful. Beautiful. Doesn't even describe it. She's a sparkly As hell. She's A A fairy. Yeah. Sees like Tinkerbell. Yeah. But with red hair. I don't, I don't know what color hair Tinkerbell had.


Probably blonde. Probably. Yeah. I like to put those sprites and those fairies make 'em blonde. Exactly. Perpetuate That. Blondes have more fun. 'cause their fairies, they Make wishes and dreams come true. Ugh. Okay. Bloomers. Bloomers. Where did they originate? The bloomer, the Turkish dress, the American dress. This is kind of a ding d ding Mahjong. It Is, yeah. Multiple Locations or simply a reform dress are divided women's garments for the lower body. They were developed in the 19th century as a healthful and comfortable alternative to the heavy constricting dresses worn by American women. They take their name from their best known advocate. The women's rights activist Amelia Bloomer.


Now is it just a skirt or there's pants in it? There's legs. There's legs. There's legs. It's like not a skirt. Skirt. Yeah. A bloomer is like Shorts. Yeah. Okay. The name bloomers was derogatory and was not used by the women who wore them. Who referred to their clothes as the reform costume or the American dress. Mm. The bloomer costume caught on among some white middle class women who sought quote, dress reform as an integral part of the fight for women's equality in the mid 18 hundreds. So that's cool. My thing would be, back then you didn't have washing machines. You're still hand washing everything. The notion of splitting up the dress into two pieces sounds smart.


'cause what if the top got dirty but not the bottom or vice versa. Mm. Interesting. You sat in a little something, you could just wash the bottom. Yeah. But the top remained clean. True. It seems like it cut. It would cut laundry down. That's True. What did they use? Just regular soap Lie. Ew. I think. Oh my God. Which is also what you can decompose a body with. Ugh. Okay. You put, you put a body in a barrel. Don't teach people, you pack it Full lie. How to do that? Don't do. And then you open it up in a couple hours and it's just a jello. Ew. No. I dunno what it is, but Oh my God. Ugh. That was so, I like saw it. I saw it.


You saw A jello body. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Does having lots of drink, mean drinks around? You mean you have a DHD? No, not necessarily. It doesn't. It could be the result of many things. A busy lifestyle, forgetfulness unrelated to A DHD or simply a preference for having multiple options available. Mm. Okay. The gooey duck, which she brought up, they gooey duck hunt or whatever gather. Rob, can you bring up the pick? It's a, it's a wild looking disgusting clam. Would You eat it?


No. Having seen a photo? No. And I like seafood, but Uhuh not This seafood. Native to the coastal waters of the Eastern North Pacific Ocean from Alaska to Baja, California. Teaming with, Oh my God. Typical lifespan of 140 years. Oh my God. You could be eating an animal that's 130 years old. Oh, That feels un, that feels unethical. It does. Gross. It looks like a white elephant. Penis. Penis. Yeah. Yeah. It really looks disgusting. I don't understand. For the listener, the, the clamshell only covers about 33% of this thing's body.


I don't even understand. Ew. Oh my God, that's so phallic. And the clam looks the shell Looks like balls in this photo. Exactly. This looks like a cowboy. It's ball set cowboy. Very pany. Oh. Oh boy. I can't imagine eating this. This is so good for everyone. He eats it. And then what's inside a big ball? Well, well that's the clammy part. I think that's the gooey. Oh, It looks like the skin is peeled off. That's that bottom part. Oh. Revealing all that tender. Delicious. It's that one gooey duck. That one's uncut. And it's called a gooey duck. Or that One's cut. Sorry. Oh, excuse me. That one's circumcised.


Oh man. God bless. Yeah. What do you put on that thing? Fucking wasabi or something to kill the, I mean if it's, if it's clams, I guess you boil em maybe. Oh, Oh my God. Slice it into tiny chunk. Yeah. You, you B blanch or boil it and then you enjoy it. Raw or shashimi or cook it in various ways. Like stir frying. Anyone putting it on a hot dog bun. Eating it like a tube steak. Wait, this says the shaft can Oh boy. Can be one meter, three feet. Oh, definitely a elephant size. Wow. Yeah.


It's the largest burrowing clam in the world. And as we said, one of the longest living animals of any type. Wow. Oldest has been recorded at 179 years old. Oh my God. Oh my God. I feel like it's not good to eat these. You could be cutting off. Well, what's better to eat an animal that had 150 year life? Or to eat one that has only got a year. And then you wrote Rob half of it. Huh? Probably the former. We'd agree if someone was eating humans. Yeah. It'd be a lot better if they ate our a hundred year olds than our children. Oh Fuck.


I guess that's true. But you're also, if you ate a 50-year-old gooey duck, you're, you're cutting off, I mean, midcentury. Yeah. Like you are really prematurely Robbing it of a hundred hundred years. Hundred 20 years. Oh boy. Well, we don't have to deal with this 'cause we're not gonna eat any gooey Duck or people Anytime soon. Okay. Disney's music label. Disney Music Group is home to Hollywood Records. Okay. That was a fact. Queer baiting. Queer Baiting is a marketing technique for fiction and entertainment in which creators hint at, but do not depict same sex, romance, or other lgbtq plus representation.


Or this as harassment, abuse, or targeted provocation of gay people. Do we wanna discuss if I'm queer bait or not? If you want. Do you think you are? You're Not queer bait. It's not like That's, that was a derogatory term in elementary school. Oh, queer bait. Oh yeah. Queer bait. It's so weird. So Weird. Because it's not even, you're just saying you're attractive to Yeah. Queers. Yeah. But back then, anything having to do with Yeah, Anything. Anything gay Adjacent. Adjacent to gay was, Remember when Gap had, do you remember this? And maybe that was just my gen for a while. Like wearing Gap.


Gap stood for Gay and Proud. Oh, oops. Yeah. So it's like you weren't, like if you wore that people would say Gay and proud boy. How as a company do you like Combat that? Combat that include everyone. And also go, we're not a strictly gay. Exactly. Yeah. But that was before. Now that the, isn't that so funny. Just not an issue. Right. Not, thank God. Yeah. Speaking of real quick. Yeah. What I am noticing, maybe we already talked about this, if we did, I'm really sorry, but it's so funny to me watching Er, what was so important back then? Oh. And what was like top of mind fear wise?


Yeah. What was going on? Aids. Aids. There are so many episodes about aids. Really? So many storylines. Yeah. Chache, this 4-year-old boy died of aids. Oh boy. It was horrible. He was so cute. Him, there's a very famous clip of Walker, Texas Ranger, the Chuck Norris show you, you didn't see it, but you know exactly what it is. Okay. And I wanna say it's Hailey Jaw. Osme is the guest star. He's a little kid. Okay. And it's this clip that goes around my Instagram all the time. And it's Walker talk. And he's with the little Haley, Joe Osmond. And they're talking to other men.


And Haley goes, yeah. And then Walker and I really had a long talk and that's when I told him I have aids. It's like, how dare they, how dare they make this scene. It's like four cowboys. Like, I don't know. Wow. I mean, good for them for trying. I mean I, oh, do we have it? Oh my God. Oh my God. Rob, you're incredible. We're coming. We're coming a clip show and I like it. Are we gonna have volume is the question? Oh, there's a woman involved. Or maybe I misremembered who, who he's talking to. It Makes sense. If it was a woman, you Little brother. Fine. And it's a little visitor now.


How do always, how you say it in Cherokee? Oh, pardon my French. But I'll be Damn. Oh my God. Walker told me I aids. Oh, Hope even better. Walker told me I have aids. Oh my God. God. How on earth did that fall under Walker's purview. It was a big non-sequitur. I'll say. They were like talking about Cherokee and the boys picked up some other language and then Walker told me, I have aids. What if he just guessed they're not based on any lab results. Oh my God. Well man, I think you have aids just judging from the way you walk. And What year was that?


Nineties? Yeah. Yeah. Nineties. Yeah, nineties was a really big time for aids. Aids People that are Yeah. I think I'm imagining Gen Z and stuff. Like when I was in 11th grade or 10th grade turned 16 Magic came out. Yeah. As having aids. Yes. Or HIV. Yeah. HIV And a book. And it was, Oh my God, he's gonna die. And I know everyone's gonna die. That gets it. Yeah. It's so different. So different. I mean, do kids even know about AIDS now? My kids don't ever bring Up kids. I, I doubt they know. I mean, I was so scared of aids. It was in my prayer.


It was. Yeah. Even though you didn't do any of the things that would've, I didn't know. I just knew it was a scary thing. Right. So part of it was no cancer aids. Yeah. I remember on the other end reading a article that said, of the population in New York that had HIV 92% were either gay men or intravenous drug users. Right. So I used that to, to regulate my fear of it because I was out on the scene. So you Were intravenous drug user? No, I was never an intravenous drug user. Oh, you never did? I never shot any. Oh really? Heroin? No.


Oh, thank God. Thank God. Yeah. I really thought I might not come back from that. Yeah. A lot. Most people, no intravenous drug use for me. Thank God. Lots of sharing dollar bills with blood on them. Hepatitis was in the cards for me, but not God. I guess you could got, Yeah. You could've got HII. It's really unstable though. It dies when it hits the air. Pretty easy. Like way easier than we were led to believe at the beginning. Yeah. But yeah. 'cause I would, I would have sex with someone, not wear a rubber. Yeah. And I'd be convinced I had HIV for two weeks. Sure. And then I'd go get tested and I didn't. Yeah. And at some point I had to get my hands around this sphere.


Yeah. And I based it a lot on that article. I mean, yeah. I, and for a while, remember there were like rumors you could just get it from drinking out of a someone's glass. Oh. The very beginning. They didn't want kids in pools. I, yeah. It was so bad. I know. And then the, then this huge stigma, I mean did definitely did not help with gay stigma. Yeah. No. Yeah. Big aids. You know, I don't think he'd mind me saying it. I know I told you, but I think, so one of the episodes there was, there was a boy, a young man who had hiccups And Yes.


And you saw it was a side effect of HIV. Yeah. It, he had hiccups and then it was really fine. It was nonchalant. It was nothing. It was silly. He was getting married. Yeah. His fiance, she was there too. Everything was fine. This was an ER episode. Oh, okay. And Then, and then they just do a scan just to, it's fine, but we're gonna just do a scan. And then there was some thing, like some lung thing or liver something that meant he had aids. Oh. And Jess has this hiccup issue. Yes, he does. And so I saw this and I really was like, Did you call him immediately?


Well, it was at night and I thought, I need to sleep on it. 'cause I think this is gonna be a hard conversation, but I also think I've noticed you have hiccups. I, I'm like, what if I was meant to watch ER to save Jess? Right. Right, right. And so the next day I did call him, well I don't normally call him on the phone. Yeah. And He was probably scared. Yeah. Well, and he should be. He said, Hey, you know, it isn't a big deal, but I just, I was watching this episode of YA and this happened and it was AIDS and, and he just like, was quiet. And then he said, I get tested. I said, okay, well just make sure you're continuing to get tested.


Right. Monitor those hiccups. Anyhow. Are you queer baiting or what that Well, I, we have talked about that. I flirt with men and women. Yeah, you flirt with everyone. That's right. But I don't think I'm queer baiting. I Don't think I'm just flirt. Flirt either. But I'm not, I I'm not the recipient so I can't say. Right. Maybe some per some people might say that you were Yeah. Stop flirting with me unless you wanna steal the Deal. Yeah. Yeah. And I don't wanna steal the deal. I just wanna flirt. I know. But it's like, maybe you shouldn't, maybe you lost that right when you got married. I don't. No, I don't think so.


Also, it does make me think of Sedaris chapter. We were listening to, this is now the funnest thing. I think I told you, we now listen to Sedaris at Night in Bed. Wow. And he's talking about every doctor he knows has pulled things out of people's rectum as we've learned from the nurses we've interviewed. Yep. And he says, most people claim it's from falling down on something. Now I'm clumsy and I've fallen a bunch of times and I've never stood up and had a candle in my ass. In fact, I'd argue that I could probably fall down all, every flight of stairs in the World Trade Center holding three candles in a baseball bat.


And I'm pretty sure at the bottom I wouldn't have any of those items up my ass. That is very funny. He wordss it so much better. But God, he is funny. Oh, is he funny? He's brilliant. Alright, well that's it for for Dov. Well babe, shout out love. Shout out to Dove. Yeah, that was an awesome episode. It really was. I liked it so much. Me too. I hope everyone listens and if you listen, pass it on, Pass it along, forward it forward. It must be a fun one. Watch on YouTube if you wanna see me cry. Sure. Yeah. That's your kink. You're like Monica. Yeah. True. You like a nice cry. All right, love you. Love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey


At 24, I lost My narrative, or rather it was stolen from me and the Monica Lewinsky that my friends and family knew was usurped by false narratives, callous jokes and politics. I would define reclaiming as to take back what was yours. Something you possess is lost or stolen and ultimately you triumph in finding it again. So I think listeners can expect me to be chatting with folks both recognizable and unrecognizable names about the way that people have navigated roads to triumph. My hope is that people will finish an episode of reclaiming and feel like they filled their tank up, they connected with the people that I'm talking to, and leave with maybe some nuggets that help them feel a little more hopeful. Follow Reclaiming with Monica Lewinsky on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to reclaiming early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts.