
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan Shepherd and I'm joined by Lily Padman. Hi there. Today we have Aza Gonzalez on. Yes, AZA is an actor. She is a singer, ministry of un gentlemanly warfare, Baby Driver three, Body Problem, ambulance, bloodshot, and a new movie out that I quite enjoyed. Yeah, very moon like as I say in the episode, if anyone remembers that.


Great Sam Rockwell movie called Ash. Yeah. Yes, Ash. Yeah. I just saw something about Ash on maybe Instagram. Some friends had seen it and they were raving about it. They were Raving. Yeah, it's an intense, it's got that, as I think I said in the episodes. Got that kind of Sy Teny. Ooh, we love a tench. Ooh, it was really good. Really good. Please enjoy Eiza Gonzalez.


This episode is supported by FXs Dying for Sex, starring Michelle Williams and Jenny Slate. Inspired by a true story, this series follows Molly, who after receiving a terminal cancer diagnosis, decides to leave her husband to explore the full breath of her sexual desires. She gets the courage and support to go on this sex quest from her best friend Nikki, who stays by her side. Through it all, FX is dying for sex. All episodes now streaming on Hulu.


We're supported by Discover. If there's one thing people have learned from the entertainment industry, it's just how easy it is to earn a reputation, even if it doesn't reflect who you are. For example, everybody thinks that Discover is a card that isn't widely accepted, but in reality it's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards. Nationwide. Yes, 99%. So maybe now you'll think twice before judging a book by its cover. Unless it's a cookbook. In that case, judge Away based on the February, 2024 Nissen report. Learn more at discover.com/credit card.


He's in. She has bad news. I really Great. I love bad news. I know. I have amazing life-changing information for you. For me. Because Of your hot dogs specifically anxious. Yeah. This is what started it. Okay. I'm nervous. Might ruin You. Don't tell me anything negative about hot dogs. I feared it will be happening. Are you traumatized by this? And this was a day that I stopped eating hot dogs. This is a good example of how you, if you care about something, you can twist it because We'll tell him the fact and then I'll tell you how I twisted it.


Yeah, because we were talking about your pictures and your paintings Celebs on sandwiches. I said, wow. Who would pick a hot dog as their favorite sandwich? Is that a sandwich? That's the big question. I used to be obsessed with hot dogs. What were your favorites before we ruin It? Well, I'm not American, so I would just settle for a regular whatever. Oscar Meyer. Yeah. I mean, I wish we even had that. Would you have a street dog? Because I like the street dog wrecked And bacon. Mexican dog have anything from the street. Street food is like everything for me. So anyway, I was obsessed with hot dogs and I eat them all the time until my brother, I have a brother who's 12 years older than me and likes to ruin my life. He was like, do you know it's proven that every single piece of hot dog has human DNA in it. Like there's human flesh.


And then she just looked it up On what website? Exactly? willows.co. Is It A.org? It's called Hey Siri. And Siri is ai. Okay. Hey Siri, is there human DNA in hot dogs in Words? Yes. Your hot dogs are going to have a little human DNA on them. This answer is from men's health.com. Oh. Oh. Well I don't know about men's health Also. She started in the middle. She said, in other words, what's before that? Yeah, What is before that? Yeah. Why did she edit her own? Yeah, why would She her? She made a Mistake of, Oh my God, she's getting, she's In summary. Subconscious. I think I did have a deep dive when I figured this whole thing out and it's a scary percentage.


Definitely like a 5% of human flesh, which is pretty high. Hold on though. Hold for a hot Dog. It's all pretty high. We are playing it a little fast and loose with DNA and now human flesh. But I'm saying that it started with flesh and then I kind of unraveled. But if that Guys operate in the grinding machine, one of their hair strands falls in. That's human. DNA. They grind it. Good. I'm gonna claim more of a Jonathan Height version, which is like, this is moral dumbfounding. We eat animals. We draw very arbitrary distinctions between which ones we eat and which ones we don't. Culturally Some more than others. So I mean, I don't know. Is someone gonna get killed so I can eat them? Big ethical issue. I guess it is all a mental state For you though, the notion of having some human, It was a done deal for me.


Surface. Look at the surface, it's not really my kink. It's not mine either. For me, again, I don't desire to eat a human. It's whether or not I can handle it. Yeah. On the surface, look at Rob cute wubby. Wob. Yes. And then look at a pig sitting in its shit. No disrespect. I'd be more sad to eat a pig than eat him. I'd be more sad. Sad because you know he's not a good boy. I mean he loves, I don't know him, but He looks Like if I had to compare to a little pig who's sitting there just like, I guess I'm just saying hygienically get Rob out of the shower and then the pig's sitting in its shit and eats shit and you go like, well what would be smarter to eat? You're Not wrong. You're an alien and you're evaluating what of these animals am I gonna eat?


One's wallowing and it's shit. And another guy just hopped outta the shower. Yeah, Yeah. But humans are so gross. You think grosser than a pig In our hidden environments. Were disgusting. It's True. It's really hard to say. I do think that sometimes animals can be cleaner than humans. Yeah. And they lick their own booty holes. And you think that's clean. They're All Cleaning. You ain't cleaning your booty hole as much as The hell. I'm not a cat. He is a 80% of my shower is focused on my anus. Trust me. And I have a, his finger, a bro where? And I spray water after every, and then I left out that I also clean when I do that. But Are you like a full hand cleaner? I'm neurotic. You go like in, Are we talking wiping or cleansing with water?


No. Well like in shower, are you like a full hand clean or you're just like a toss of water into it? No, You gotta get in there. No, listen, there's multiple steps. So first is I lather a ton of soap and do a full scrub. Then I rinse because I don't want anything gross touching the soap. Smart. And then I go hard with the bar of soap. Wait. And I Wait, wait, wait, wait. I really rub the bar of soap there a bar of soap On my Not in it. Wait, first you don't want the soap touching it. And then you use the soap directly. I Use soapy hands to get the first round of whatever off. Then I rinse everything. So now it's pretty clean. And now I go on with the direct bar of soap. Direct Bar of soap. Yeah. That feels, that's kind of erotic. No, I don't know about that.


That to humans being disgusted. Yeah. That feels Is this a morning shower that feels aggressive in the morning? Just a whole Bar. You guys are very judgemental of this. I'm wondering how are you cleaning your butts? I hope not. Splashing water? No, I'm up in there too. I'm Up in there. But I'm not a bar girl. I'm like a liquid soap. I'm kind of crazy about that. I Have a bar soap. And are you putting it directly on your I Normally use hands also a lather. But I do get in there. I am sure that I am really good. But I get for girls that's more normal. When we were little, my mom with her hand, very Mexican of her would be like in the air in my butt. Like that with girls is a bit more normal. I feel like guys, by the way, I have showered with men at one point in my life. Right. Seen a routine. And I've seen an array of different routines.


Do we jump right to Damel? Because you know I'm friends with ell. Oh God. Did you date ell? Did I see this? Yes. We dated. Okay. I am so envious of him. Why? In this way? He seems effortlessly masculine. He can't not be masculine. He's just seems to have these huge haunches. I'm like, how much are you working out? He's like, I don't know, occasionally. And I'm like, you have that frame. But I could see him in the shower just like walking through and being on his way. Stop. Hold on. I wanna give you, because I was hard on you and I actually want to commend you now. Okay. Because I do appreciate that you as a guy really care about it being clean. Because I do think a lot of guys don't and then they just have skid marks and they think, who gives a fuck?


But really you should care. Yeah. You really should. That I know how Know how you totally care. Yeah. And you should do two rounds and you should round use The soap two rounds. This is across the board, not women or men. So my mom's an orthodontist. Former Model too, right? Former Model. Yeah. So Did she learn orthodontia later? So it was the other way around. So my mom, one out of eight brothers and sisters from like a very small town and she was the only one that got out. She got a full scholarship in Mexico City when she was 18. And then crazy lady, she might kill me before saying this, but she got pregnant the first time she ever had sex with my brother. So she was super young. She was studying to be an orthodontist and then she had to work because she had to support my brother.


Because That dad did not stick around. No, No, he is not around. He was out. And so she started modeling simultaneously because a friend of hers was like, I have some extra jobs. And then so much more money as a model. She had a master degree and she was an orthodontist for like three months. And then she was like, well the model life is paying me more. So she did it for a very long time. Did she Do your braces? See I never had braces. I hate to be that person. Your kids are literally perfect. They look like veneers. That's Very sweet. Thank you. I like really wanna get in there now. They're incredible and They're so white. So when I was little, all the cool girls had braces. Yeah. In my school. Did that happen here too? Retainers people would go and get a retainer clothes. All the cool girls had those like Cool girls.


Yeah. Yes. In middle school it was a thing. All the Cool girls had braces and they would change. I remember the band H Halloween they had. And I was obsessed with it and I really wanted it. And I would torment my dentist who was not my mother, but they studied together and he was like, you don't need them. And I begged forever. And now I'm like, wow. I really was clueless about what I was begging for. Did you want a cast too? I had that from scratch. I've been in the hospital in and out probably past 40 times in my life. Really? Yeah. I was a very accident prone kid from age negative zero. Because you are a risk taker or you're clumsy by nature. I Think it's a combination of both. That's A bad combo. You're a risk taker and you have bad balance. I Mean it was an ongoing joke constantly that I'd be standing and fall.


My mom was like, you're just standing there. Like how Did you fall? It's like you're on roller skates, but you're not All the time. I've been very lucky 'cause I've had impact to the face. You name it. Broken nose in six pieces. What? Wow. And it still looks like that. I fixed it later. Oh okay. It Was like, this is unfair. 'cause I broke it at 11. I went straight into a, you remember we had coolers outside instead of acs. And I ran swamp straight into a tube at night playing hide and seek. Oh five pieces. Concussion. Broke it completely. Like I have a Harry Potter scar in my forehead. Oh, I love you. 1-year-old. This is a table. Oh my God, this is jumping in the shower. Oh my God. I was your mom. I would be like, I'm putting you in a bubble. But to the point of the dentistry of it all. Yes.


If you brush your teeth, you need to brush your tongue. Oh. Oh yeah. This is The one thing I constantly see that kills me. I'm like, I cannot kiss you now if I've seen that. You don't scrape your tongue, you don't need a scraper. They have tongue scrapers. You don't have to go to the nuclear option. And especially if you're shoving that piece of that part of your Face into somebody else's Mouth. Into my mouth. Yeah. Yeah. That's the least as of respect to you. I agree. I'm gonna promote one of my own products right now to you. A movie called Hit and Run. Because I directed it. I got to do the thing I always want to do, which is in movies. No one ever brushes their tongue. And I brush my tongue specifically to like gag. That's when I know Yes, I've gotten it. Yes. 'cause you're also taking care of your health.


Brain health. Yeah. Everything. So in the movie, I'm brushing my tongue and I gag and almost throw up and there's toothpaste everywhere and that's in the film. And I felt like I had the first really authentic teeth brushing. It's important, you know the one movie also that I remember very clear in my head when I was young and I was like, oh wow, this is realistic. Bring it on. Oh Loved The brother and the girl are in the bathroom and they're brushing their teeth and she stays over at Gabrielle Union's. No, that's the bad girls. The main girls. Kirsten Dun. Yeah, it's Kirsten Duns. And then they're brushing their teeth with Kristen Dunn's brother.


And they're going in, it's a whole scene of them sort of flirting, brushing their teeth and she's going into the tongue and They kept it in. I guess it's not novel. You were just, you did a second. She didn't gag though, did she? I Don't think she Okay. So she didn't do a Dunno. We'll have to go back and watch for the fact check. Important. Cleansing your tongue. So Your mother has your brother who's 12 years older than you and she's an orthodontist turned model. When does she meet your dad? I think they meet when my brother's around eight. And what did your dad do? My dad was a graphic designer. Was he from Mexico City? Yeah. I got a side note. We went for the first time over Christmas and I cannot believe how much I loved it. It's incredible, right? It's like the greatest fucking city. I love to see what's happened with Mexico City because when I moved to the US 10 years ago, we're saying that everything for us is 10 years ago.


Even though we've been here for like probably six decades. When I moved here, every time I said I was from Mexico, they was like, how's Mexico? Like I feel like a lot of people were sort of on the fence of going. And in the past seven to eight years it's changed so drastically. Yeah. Yeah. Every time I say I'm from Mexico, someone says, my God, I love Mexico City. Oh my God, I love San. Oh my God, I love Merida. The amount of people that have embraced Mexico, everything progresses and I think that cities get better. And I definitely feel like Mexico City, especially after Covid got much better because so many people traveled to Mexico because it was open in the middle of the day. Right. I'm glad that you had an amazing time. I mean, hey, I'm a patriotic Mexican. Is that a thing?


Can you be a patriot? Yeah. Yeah. From anywhere. Okay. So you seem on the surface 'cause you went to a couple private schools. One of them was like an American school. It was pretty privileged. I did have in the sense a privileged education, but with parents that worked really hard. My school was very expensive. It was one of the best when it came to education. But my family wasn't wealthy in comparison to everyone else. You know, Carlos Slims kids were there. We didn't have that type of money. My mom, you know, was truly the breadwinner of the house. My dad was incredibly talented but not very successful at businesses. And so he was an incredible father figure to me because he spent a lot of physical time with me. And his priority number one for me was education because he didn't get that.


And so he really wanted me to be like a lawyer or a doctor. I hope you've played a lawyer or a doctor. I have. I played a scientist and an A MT. So it was helpful. So you did it for It did what was the American school? It's interesting. So I went half of my life to an American school. Does That just mean English school? English like International Ish? Yes. People that flew from America, all their kids were there. Or people that worked for the embassies and stuff like that. And then my other half of my education, I went to a British school. American meant it was full English all day long, no Spanish. So I had geography, math, chemistry, everything in English. So I was fully fluent in English since I was a baby. Wow. I don't even remember learning another language.


And your parents put in that effort because they just wanted the whole world to be open to you. Did they specifically see you going to the us? That was never thought. My dad had like fixation with languages. So he really was hyper-focused on me speaking multiple languages. And I do, I was his only daughter and his only kid. My dad really didn't want any artistic sort of influence in my life. Oh. In the sense of like music. And my mom was a naughty one who would take me to dance or singing and he was like stop distracting her from 17 different languages. Oh Wow. Yeah. You went to Italy at 10 for a minute to learn Italian. Yeah. So my family lives in Italy. Your extended family? From my mom's side. I went to to learn Italian when I was little. Wow. Have you done a 23 and me?


I Actually haven't. Oh my God. Because I'm paranoid of human DNA as you can tell. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. You don't even wanna know about your own human DA, But I should because I do know that I have a little bit of everything. Yeah. What do you think you have? Because mind you what I thought I had didn't prove out in the data. Have You done it? Yeah, we had to do it and I'm a hundred percent Indian pure. That is incredible. I'm so Pure. By the way, that's so funny to me because when I moved to the US when I would ask people, where are you from? They'd be like, yeah, yeah, I'm American, Italian, Spanish with a quarter chiro. And I was like, what? Oh God. Yeah. That is with all due respect such an American theme. Yeah. Tell us you guys don't do that in Mexico. I'd Be like, I'm from Defe. You'd be like, I'm from Rome. Like I've never in my life thought of this.


So I would be so wrong. I would've thought it would've been even perhaps more fetishized there. Zero. 'cause you have this mestizo population and then this European influence and there has been some kind of status hierarchy, a little bit derived from that now. Yes And no. We're all sort of in agreement that we all know that there were some sort of mix. It settled. We got conquered. The conquistadors came in, took us. We had some Jewish communities coming in from this side. Some German on that side in the best way possible. It's a new country type of mentality. America is the land of immigrants, right. It's the concept of it. So everyone's identify by where they came. I don't wanna talk about other countries specifically, but I feel for Mexico we were just all like, yo we're Mexican.


We didn't really care. We're more aic, more Mayan. Sure, sure. Exactly. We're just proud to be Mexican. Yeah. It's to search for identity here that you're right is going young country sort of thing. But also it's a college application thing. I think that's when most people start to really do the deep dive. So they're like, I'm 0.2% Native American. So I am diverse enough to Get college, 5% get college. Well to me started happening when I became an actress in America. 'cause they're like, so are we legally able to contractually cast you because you are not Mexican enough? I did definitely have an identity crisis when I moved here. It did throw me off for a second. 'cause I had never really asked these questions myself. I was just always glaringly Mexican in my eyes and it was just fine.


And so when I came here people were like, but you're not a Mexican 'cause you don't speak. Right. So if mom had family in Italy, had they moved from Mexico to Italy, Married into Italian. That makes sense. But Also my mom's blonde with blue eyes So she might not be Aztec, but she Is Right. That's when like to me, it's so funny when they're like, but your mom's blonde. I'm like, guys, Yeah it's fine. What are talking about? Are we talking about there's colors in the world in different countries? Like it's okay. I have an array of friends who are blonde and fully Mexican. Outside of the fun part of it. It definitely made me really anxious when I moved here because my value was really tied to that. And I understand now why I think it is a cultural thing.


I don't know if the chicken or the egg of where it started in this place, but people feel a responsibility to justify or explain there's descent. And I find that quite interesting. Psychologically annoying. No, because I don't judge your the effect of circumstances. But it made me insecure. You Know what's interesting? This is a bizarre thing to say, but I kind of think it's good. But it does tread on this notion of people pretending they're colorblind, which is also bullshit. But yeah, I was watching Ash last night. You watched Ash? Yeah, Of course. Oh my goodness. Yeah. I loved it. We'll get to it. Oh My God. Exciting. I haven't talked to anyone that has watched it. Oh yeah. This happens to me more and more frequently now when I'm watching movies. If I hadn't done research on you, I just wouldn't have considered your ethnicity in any capacity whatsoever.


And I wouldn't even guess. I wouldn't know. It was quite irrelevant. Also, people are much more now mixed just as our population's much more mixed. There's tons of people now that I see on camera and I think this is a good thing where it's like if you asked me later what they were, I'd be like, oh I don't know. I have no clue. I wasn't even thinking of it. That's what It should be. But that's exactly how I feel with artistry. When I was in Mexico, I started in soap operas. We were all Mexican when we were playing roles. They weren't like a, oh this person needs to be from Germany, they need a German person. They would hire someone slightly Mexican, slightly white. So this sort of thought of where you're from and what you can play never existed in my head. And I worked since I was really young.


I started when I was 13, 14. When I moved here I was 24. So when I got here, I'd be on the first few phone calls with my agents or the first few things that I read, especially when I came here. 'cause it's a night and day since I've moved here. The industry's flipped completely. I'd be like, oh this looks, and they're like, yeah, they're looking for more of like a Caucasian. By the way, I didn't even know the word Caucasian. I didn't even understand what that meant. That's when I come to being super self-conscious. Well Maybe limited. Yes. My artistry now is limited based on the piece of land that I was born. Yeah, yeah. And my first play was Greece. I played Rizzo and like the thought in my mind never passed through that I have to be American.


So when I started transitioning to the US market, it was really challenging and it made me feel really insecure. 'cause I felt like my artistry was limited to playing Latin forever. Right. At the time when I was playing Latin, it was really stereotypical. It really deflated my spirit because I went into it wanting to play an astronaut or a scientist. And the first few years of my career was really impossible. Even with the blessing that I had thanks to my parents, which was having very fluent English. Yeah. Yeah. And speaking other languages. And I don't say it in an, oh poor me to me was life changing. The moment that guy Richie, let me play English, we could argue that there's a million people that could have played it better than me that were English.


Maybe a hundred thousand. I don't think there's Not that many. Yeah. You're like math, math here. Za and I grew up watching actors and I guess in hindsight, white actors, actresses that could play everything. I mean I remember my mom were watching all the godfathers. Oh fun. Yeah. And then it sort of sent us to Scarface and we were watching it and I was like the world that Al Pacino was playing like Italian but then Cuban and I never thought of it in any Capacity. Yeah. He played Jewish, Italian, Cuban and no One said anything. Yeah. And then somehow I've been in places and roles that if I'm not specific type of Latina then I'm not even being considered. It's a very complex nuanced conversation. Right. Because you do wanna create opportunity. The Native Americans, they don't get enough representation.


Yeah. And so I'm always sort of torn because I do want people to get opportunities and get more chances, but I don't want Native Americans just playing Native Americans. I would love to play anyone. It's Just taking away the description in the role that this should be a 24-year-old white woman. Maybe it could be anyone. It has gotten a ton better. It has definitely Gotten Better. Once that's gone then I think there'll be less of, well this person's Asian and they should be native. Like that will go away if the opportunity is there for everybody. You got into acting, dancing, painting all at 12, 13 because your dad died in a motorcycle accident. Yes. I hate that for many many reasons.


I'm sorry. No, it's okay. And obviously you guys were very, very close, as you already said. Super Close. And mom wanted to just keep you busy and distracted. Yeah. Was there space for what you were going through? I don't think there was. I just looked up to him with so much admiration. I was daddy's little girlfriend. Good luck, future suitors. Yes. Tell me about it. Right here we are. But when you have such an amazing father, truly, I don't say that lightly. I was really, really the toughest moment in my life. I just went into complete shock and my mother was really, really suffering. I look back at it and it just feels like a not even real time in my life because it all happened so fast.


My mom took me to extracurricular classes to distract me and I went into musical theater and that's where it just clicked. I think about it all the time being a young child. And I sat my mother down and I said, I need to have a very serious conversation. I was 12. I was like, we're done. I don't have to continue studying. I'm an actress. She's like, what are you talking about? I'm like, I'm dropping outta school. I'm retiring. I'm retiring from school, I'm dropping out and we're full on going into this. And I don't know what type of crack cocaine was she on that she allowed me to do it because she saw me so happy. Well maybe she Also was like, life is short. What's the Point of all this? Probably. Probably. How did she take it? My guess is at 12 you would be dealing with your own loss, but then also trying to cheer mom up or regulate mom a bit.


Yeah. I feel so much empathy for my younger self. Not only that, my career was so jarring 'cause I got thrown into it overnight. Yeah. And I was so young and I was so not mentally physically prepared. I was a grieving, depressed, sobbing, eating compulsively child with raging anxiety. And that was really challenging because you sort of get thrown into this child star perfection. Yeah. What age did you get the first tele novella? 14. And it was really overnight. Floresta? Yeah, It was called Original was Flo Enta. And my remake was called Lola Once Upon a Time lves.


And it was A show from Argentina originally We shot in Mexico but it was the biggest show in literally history of children out there. And so I got the remake and it was a pretty big deal. It was like a national wide search and they saw thousands of and I got it and I was just so naive. My mom wasn't like a stage mom where she wanted me to be famous. And people think that because she was a model. But my mother never wanted me to be in the business. She just was letting me be. But she never made me self-conscious about my looks. Never made me feel pressured. So I was like a very normal 14-year-old. I was like a chubby, not polished girl. I was not doing my makeup. I was quite ratty and I was quite of a tomboy.


'cause I grew up with boys. 'cause my brother's 13 years older than me. The shock was really aggressive. 'cause overnight they were like, wow, she's so ugly. She's fat, she's not talented. My dad had been passed for like less than a year, a year and a half. I was so excited because I loved what I did. It was so earnest. I loved singing. It was the only moment that I felt happy. Yeah. Can I ask really quick, what was the work schedule of that? Brutal. So studying and set schooled working 17 hours a day. So they don't have the same laws you Have? Yeah, yeah. No, no. And you're shooting like 15, 20 scenes a day because It's soap style, right? Yeah, It's a machine. And then I would get on a plane right after I would finish on Friday straight to tour.


So I tour Friday, Saturday, Sunday, get back Monday. It goes for years. So you started reading about yourself on the internet? Yeah, I was brutal. I went into a heavy depression Because this would've been 2004 or five. And so you could go online and what was this? MySpace. Oh, MySpace. There we go. I remember it like it was yesterday. So they did this presentation. They had been waiting to see who the girl was because it was like a really big show. It was like the American office. It was like, who's gonna be in the American office? Exactly, exactly. Yeah. It was the equivalent, I would say like Hannah Montana. Right, right. This major presentation where I like came out on a stage and they put me in these crazy dress, I looked insane and I came out, I didn't really know I was getting myself into, I was just happy to be there. And the next day my mom was watching the morning news and these 40 year olds were sitting there ripping into me.


God, it's so embarrassing for, for 4-year-old men and women being like, Oh my God. Wow. She's so ugly. She's fat. Oh wow. Wow. She's not even talented. It was ruthless looking back at it because now we've become so aware of like, you can't talk like this. Not in Mexico, you're talking about like real third world country type of shit. And it was never ending. You never got the looks or the body they were hoping you to get or Talent or smart. And if I'd said something, I was the worst. If I didn't respond, I was conceited. You're already so self-conscious As a teenager At 14. Jesus. Oh god. I went crazy. I remember when I was 23 and I got a nose job.


And then they were like, look at her now. I was insecure. Oh YY. And then I was uglier and then now I, I had all this done to myself and then they went doctor photos and sell them to sell papers. And we didn't have law of defamation of character in Mexico. A president removed it. Ah. So you couldn't sue so you had to like let it go. You couldn't fight the magazines. So it hunted me for, so my life was always sort of terrifying. I moved here, escaping that. I didn't even wanna cross over to America. There Was an event too. It's a juicy event. Monica. It is really funny. You were on Lola too. So you had another show. Lola. I'm in a Mo Eros, which is another soap opera. It's like the Bodyguard. I fall in love with the Bodyguard. My mom falls in love simultaneously with the Bodyguard.


Oh my God. Oh I love Triangle between mother daughter and a bodyguard. No, Are two different bodyguards. Oh thank God. It's a freaky Friday. But Yeah, but everyone gets a bodyguard. Bodyguards gets One and they're all hot. Yeah, I love Very attractive bodyguards. But you had a boyfriend. How long were you guys together at that point? I try to forget. Okay. But I think it'd been like two years At 20 years old. So that's 10% of your life. That's a huge chunk of your life when you think about it that way. And she sees a headline one morning. Oh no, her boyfriend has a sex tape. Oh My. But not With me. She's not In it. I'm not in it sadly. Was he famous too? Was he an actor? No. Oh my God, this time of my life. This is Awful.


My life is really like a soap opera. Yeah, it's like life art. Yeah. Like Him Art. Art. Like maybe you used should make a movie like The Disaster Artist. Oh. What Would be great is if your boyfriend was your bodyguard at that time. Oh, that Would've been incredible. I should have just cheated with my bodyguard. Very sim. So he was a owner of restaurants and the nightlife kind of guy. It was really funny because it's not funny for him. He's gonna hate me for this. I'm so sorry. Doesn't seem like you need to apologize. No, I don't. Yeah, it was the cover on this magazine and they had like little stars covering his private parts and it's like he has a sexy, but it's not me. Oh boy. And so I remember he emailed, He didn't email you preemptively going, this is coming out. Of course he waited until you found out from the press.


In Mexico. You don't know. Again, no defamation. It's the wild, wild west. Okay. When people complain about the UK press, I'm like, live in Mexico's press for three months. If you survive, I will applaud you. That then makes you like a different type of person. And so he emailed, this was a really funny stories, A lot happens. Chaos, drama. I don't pick up the phone, I'm screaming. And so he thinks that the best idea is to send this email where he ccs my brother, my mother. Oh boy. His whole family A me. You're Just in there. You're like one of like group. And I just when open and you're just like, you're like fit in. Oh no.


And the title was like, let me explain or something to not get into detail. He's like going back and forth about how this sex tape wasn't well being with me. The comparison was him and his underwear and sending screenshots of the sex tape to my mom Family. I don't even have this underwear anymore. I know that. I don't have that tattoo. He's pointing out tattoos. Oh shit. And I am just like, what are you? So he mounted a defense to your whole family. So A whole defense, which maybe if I was in that situation, I would've done the same thing. I dunno if I would CC someone's brother with my body naked and photos of before and after. And like a selfie of him with his underwear. Oh.


And my brother just sent me a message and he said, what's going on? Why do I have photos of this guy naked on my email? And so anyway, I left Mexico. It was so jarring. That's a lot. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Liquid iv. You know, curiosity. It is the source of our livelihood. So I'm it's, I'm quite fond of curiosity. Curiosity and staying engaged with the world and people around us fuels what we do on this show. However you explore life or find interesting people, fuel your journey with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv, powered by Liv Hydroscience. Visit liquid iv.com to explore flavors like the zesting new hydration multiplier, sugar-free raspberry lemonade. I just had that on my bike ride. Mm. And use code Dax to save 20% off your first order. Break the mold and own your ritual. Just one stick and 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. And they're small in light so they fit easily into any backpack, purse, diaper bag, whatever you're using. Convenient, quick, and effective hydration. It just makes sense. Fuel your curiosity with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code Dax at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with code dax@liquidiv.com.


We are supported by Claude, the AI assistant. That just feels different. You know, we're curious about the old artificial intelligence here on the pod. We Are curious And we always want to give our arm cherries the if you know you know tips. We sure do. So they need to meet our new Pale Claude. While other AI sound like robots. Claude just gets it with the emotional intelligence. Whether I'm researching guests or refining my latest meal plan to get Brad Pitt's abs or looking for the best dating advice to give Monica Claude is the fact checker in your pocket while you're in the arm share. Well That's exciting for us. I like having an extra companion. Welcome to the team. Claude. You can try Claude for free now@claud.com. That's C-L-A-U-D e.com.


We are supported by Ring. You don't have to miss out on what's happening at home with ring cameras and doorbells. You can see and speak to who's there from anywhere with rings, battery, doorbell. Plus you can greet visitors, get notified about packages and see what's going on at your front door. And head to toe video lets you see more of what's happening up high and down low. Another great way to check in on home is rings pan tilt indoor cam. You can control the camera from your phone and pan around to see what your pets are getting up to. And with two-way talk, you can even say hi to them. Oh, that's so cute. If I get my dog, I'm definitely gonna talk to 'em with the Pan Tilt indoor cam. I love. I have a Ring video doorbell and I really like it and it makes me feel very safe. Yeah, they're fantastic and they're so simple to install with Ring. You can check on Home from Anywhere. Learn more@ring.com.


De we believe that it was from an era that you weren't together. Did the tattoos prove his? Yes, because this actually happened to me. One of these trashy magazines ran this article about me saying I had hooked up with this girl while I was dating Kristen. I did hook up with that girl, but it was way before I met. Right Kristen? And luckily I have a tattoo in it that I had covered right before I met Kristen. So this is Like a sensitive subject to you. For me it really was that it was a lie. And thank God the tattoo absolved me of that. 'cause Kristen met me and I had already had that one covered. It wasn't a sex tape, it was just a picture her night together. God, in an event You were kissing. We weren't even kissing. And I was just had my arm around her.


Yeah, because These magazines, they do make up so much everything Way. And she lied to them for sure. This woman had sold stories about three other people. She also banged an aa. I met her in AA and I have no zest. She was outta money and she's getting high. And this was a four story. That's Horrible. She just lied them and I guess they believed her time. Did You send new photos of you to compare them to your wife? To Chris' dad? To Kristen's dad immediately. Yeah. And I hard and I sent to picture. Oh my God. Well I didn't want him to think I was a loser. Sure, of course. And I've said this story before because it's a Phoenix story and I always bring this to my dad's death. You couldn't think of something more tragic than losing a parent. And my father would've never let me be an actress.


You would've had to fight him and have a big separation for him. Yeah. It never happened. I was convinced that his narrative was my narrative. And I say with all the love because he didn't mean it in a mean way, but he wanted the best for his daughter. And he thought economy, making money, artistry, remodeling, acting. It didn't sound like You had Salma Hayek. That was it. And still by the way, we're not a lot that are from Mexico. They crossed over. Yeah. Yeah. And so when I did that, I thought amazing positive things can happen from horrific situations. And that's kind of been my life thanks to that. I moved here, I rented a little bedroom and my mom had the brilliant idea.


I'd always wanted to act here, but I never thought it was like a reality. I was studied in Lee Strassburg and they educated us that you need an agent, you need a manager, you need a lawyer. And I was like, I have no in to any of this. And she said to me, I've heard about this thing. It's called IMDB Pro. Have you heard of it? I was like, mom, you need a manager, an agent. She's like, no, no. I heard I can put my email under your profile and then we can get auditions. I was hiding. I was in depression here after that. I was distraught my boyfriend, I was a public real big brutal thing. I was already the black sheep in the business. People loved to like really hate me, which was always interesting 'cause I never understood why. Well, I Think still this happens here. People pick a villain or a skate. We like archetypes. And if you're a woman, I think at the time, the way you see me, I come in strong and confident.


Yeah. And I think that the confidence was off-putting. They liked a woman that they would kind of bully. Well they also wanna see young actors just exude gratitude, which I did. But I think I didn't do it in the way because I always felt like I had to defend myself constantly about something that I hadn't done. And that's how I felt here too. For many years. There was this underlying, I always needed, wanted to be here through man or because I was dating someone disregarding my 10 year career in Mexico. Because for people that was irrelevant. When I started dating Josh, they would write, I was using him and I've always wanted to talk about this publicly, but I've never found where to do it in a safe space. They sort of tied this desperation to me as a Latin woman.


Like I was coming and wanting to cross over when I had already had a career. And funny enough, they would say that I would call or tip off Paparazzis when they forget that 99% of the paparazzis and the kitchens and the bets who works the kitchens, who works the valets. Oh yeah, yeah. Mexicans. Yeah. Yeah. And I had 10 years of a career in Mexico. I was huge in Mexico. So every time I'd walk into a restaurant or go somewhere, they would call me. Knew. They knew. Yeah, they knew. Yeah. Right. But because people here didn't know who I was, they were like, who is this weird bitch who came outta nowhere? She's calling the paparazzi for attention. Yeah. And it Was so crazy because it was a combination of, and I had no value. But at the same time it was also sort of said in a way that was incriminating of something that I wasn't doing.


And it stayed for long and it was this sort of sense of the experience of being an immigrant. I wasn't worthy of being here. Is It possible you were also inflating how big this narrative was? I Think that when you're incriminated of something that you're not doing, it always feels that way. Yeah. 'cause I felt really frustrated how to navigate it because I'm a person that I'd be like, that's completely fucking untrue. So I don't even care. But at the same time I was being guided to like not engage into it because you feeding it, maybe it wasn't as big, but I felt injustice. Complete character, assassination of who I am. You're selling someone that I'm not. I hate people that get incriminated for things that they didn't do in criminal justice.


When people get wrongly convicted, it boil my Blood. I have the same thing. It really gets under my skin when someone's miscalculated or misjudged. Oh. When They talk about people publicly, it's so triggering for me. It drives me nuts because I've been that person. To add to your point, I worked really hard. I didn't let that define me. Yeah. Yeah. And I cried in silence many days to just not let it become who I was because it was really prevalent at the beginning of my career. I also was dating and I didn't wanna stop my dating life because I was looking for love. I would've fallen for him in one second. I think I did as a guy for Josh. Yeah, Josh. He was my crush when I was little. You dated your celebrity crush too. I did. And it's exciting. You are like 23.


Oh yeah. Sorry. I'm not smarter at the time to be like, you know what, I'm above this. No, it's just to say like the interesting of perception versus reality. Yeah. So mom put you on IMDB Pro and then impossibly Mary Ver Renew calls you in to read for Dust till Dawn reboot. Mary Venu, by the way, is another person. She's in the same camp as Alison John. She is Alison Jones. Oh, I don't know her. Oh, Mary Venu is cast the most incredible. Amazing. Yeah, She's, she changed my, she's crawling Through, I mean talk about someone's doing their work. They're on serious on I mdb to find you without a manager or an agent's So random. You know who found me was Robert Rodriguez. He was watching TV and he saw me in Univision.


I was on some awards and he saw me speaking English. Wow. And he said me finer. Oh wow. And so I was in Mexico in the middle of a bridal shoot. I'm wearing a ginormous bride dress and I had a flip phone that I had bought at the Oxo, like a seven 11 to have an American number because I was studying a Strasburg. So I had a nine one seven. I opened my flip phone, I have a text from Mary Nu and I'm like, who's this? She's like, I'm a casting director. I'm like, okay. She's like, can you tape yourself? So I tape myself against the wall with a wedding dress on the bottom and like a t-shirt on the top. And then I flew in the next day and yeah, he cast me. Okay, now you go to Austin for two years. Obsessed. Austin's my favorite city in the country. I'm Going two days south by. Yes. Nice. Oh, going in a few weeks.


Where did you live? How was it? How many months were you there to shoot that? Did you go to Barton Springs? Yeah. Okay. Have you been to tell Austin Point Austin? Yes. Did you go to Salt Lake and sit outside on the picnic tables? Yes. It's my favorite time of my life. It was such an amazing introduction to realistically living in America. 'cause I'd been in and out. I'd been in New York for school and lived in Argentina for a few years after that and then came here. Buenos Aires. Buenos Aires. Was That a great place you Have to go? My favorite city in the world and the hottest people I've ever seen in my Life. Oh yeah. I've heard there's a lot of sexy fun. Yeah, sexy everything. I also heard you can buy coke there for like 10 Oh a grand. Well you go. You should not go. Well I Would've to go.


Not allowed. Yeah. So I moved to Austin and I fell in love with Austin to keep it weird. Did you like rent an apartment or were you staying at a hotel the entire time you shot? The whole cast was living in a communal apartment complex. So we all lived together Melrose Place, it was Melrose Place. It was like the ultimate American experience. I'd never done the dorm thing. So it was so exciting to you like That's so fun. Morning Egg. And we'd be like At the pool And We All live together. I'm jealous. I know It was the best. And then we would eat food trucks, go to Franklin's, live in Barton Springs, run every day. And I'm obsessed with Robert. He's incredible, right? He's like my dad. When I started he protected me a lot of really horrible me too things.


He really was like, no one's gonna get close to her. Also the parallel though, between Selma leaving Mexico, having been huge on tele novellas, being terrified she's not gonna make it and then breaking out in a Rodriguez with it with The same rule. He just keeps Doing it. So you come off of that and then you go into baby driver's. Really the next big thing in your career. It's huge. It's a humongous success. Makes $220 million. Edgar Wright, I die for Edgar. I just really ride for the people that supported me at the beginning. Took Gambles on you or fought for you. That's like First English speaking movie ever. I was so scared. I remember walking into that set and it was like Jamie Fox and John Ham and Kevin Spacey and Ansel and John Beal and I was the only woman on my first day.


Lily James was in the movie, but we never really worked together. There's no warmup. You're with heavy hitters. And I was really scared and Edgar was just so kind and let me create and gave me so much openness and I felt so inspired in that room, but I was fucking shitting myself. I'm not gonna lie. I was so nervous. I'm very shy. It doesn't look like I am, but I am. Yeah, that's an intimidating group to step into. Then Hobbes and Shaw, this is a Fast and Furious spinoff. This is another enormous movie. Hobbes and Shaw. We've got The Rock And Jason Statham. How long does that movie take to make the Movie took a long time to shoot. I was in and out. I shot in a week.


David Leach called me. He's like, would you come and was shooting Godzilla versus Kong in Australia? And I had a week off between location and location and so they fixed my schedule so I could go and shoot. Wow. They wrote that role. So they popped me in to be part of the franchise. Whatever was gonna happen, nothing happened. David Leash, I did his first 20 minute short when I was a growling. Yes. And he was still doubling Brad Pitt or somebody huge as a stunt man, the best. And then to see Fall Guy, which I think was the best movie of last year. And This couldn be happy for that guy. And Kelly, his producing partner and his wife by the way, talking about stunts, need to be honored at the Oscars. Like yesterday. The amount of work I've done a fair share of stunt work in my career.


I've had a horrific accident. I broke my collar bones and my ribs on a set, a stunt that went wrong. Oh God. These people are like risking their lives. A lot of stuntees die in these movies and we are still not honoring that one. My Best friends. It's crazy. One of my friends get Driven over by Tom Sizemore. He was not supposed to drive the car and he drove the fucking car over to Castro and drug his body. It's gnarly. And they don't get enough recognition and they Do it over and over again. Like your story about getting hurt, they have like 30 fucking cops that's Gonna be behind. I was gonna say that's literally one out of, That's their day to day. Yeah. And they recover and they go back into it. I know. Yeah. It's a mindset. Daniel Radcliffe's stunt Double was paralyzed during one of the Harry Potters. Yeah, there's a doc about it.


He has a memoir or something that's supposed to be amazing. Okay. God. Godzilla Verse Kong in other enormous hit. I was looking at Godzilla versus Kong and I was like, I think that one movie would put your lifetime box office above my like 25 movies. You just get in one of those fucking movies. It makes sense. It is. It's crazy. Half billion dollars. People Love those movies. It's wild. And then Three Body Problem. You work with David Benioff and Weiss Game of Thrones for people who don't know. Yes, yes. Oh, I wanted to mention I Care a lot because that's huge. This is what's weird about movies now. So 56 million households watch this movie. I care a lot on Netflix. And if each household that just bought a $10 ticket, it's bigger than Kong and it's like a billion dollar movie if you think about it that way.


Yeah. What's better do you think? I'm now out of it where I would have to worry about whether it's coming out on streaming or in box office. Like there's this pride of having a winning movie. It's so rare and exciting to be a part of, but then don't you just want the maximum amount of people to see the thing you do? That's how I feel. I mean, I guess some people get paid for those things. They get backend. I really haven't had the beauty of that. Right. A first dollar gross deal. Yeah. I've never heard of that in my life. I don't know if I will. And so I just care about the work and people watching the work and the work that I feel proud of and sometimes I'm like hoping that it never gets seen too. Sure, sure. Those happens. Oh God. So I Care a lot was an amazing experience because it was also in the Covid era.


Everyone was in their homes watching TV. So, so many people watched it more than probably would've now. And I love that movie. Where'd You shoot It? We shot in Boston. Oh, okay. Your co-star was from New Zealand In Caroline's Rosemond Pike. Get Rosemond Pike. No, she's English. Yeah. Oh, thought she's an English rose baby. I'm so sorry. How dare you. Okay, so she's English. Wait, Your friends with her, you're thinking of not the right person. Another Roseman. Yeah, he's got a different friend Rose. That's Kiwi, right? Yeah. Rose MacGyver. Yep. Rose. That's Rose Macr. That's different. Yeah. Rosamond Pike is Gong girl. Gong girl. Dax. Yes. I love her. My apologies to everybody. I was picturing David's friend who's a Kiwi. She's Great too. She Is great too.


I Like her too. I don't know her but I like her. Okay. Rosen Pike. She's incredible. You guys are bros now, right? Bros. She interviewed you for Interview Magazine. She's my wife. We're wiping up. I spend a lot of time with her. She sends me raunchy photos, ice and a raunchy photos. Oh good. None of yourselves but of other people? No, of us. We play lovers in the movie. We had a scene originally in that movie where I pegged a man with her. Oh Wow. Yeah. Okay. And what did you use to peg the young or old man? Really Big black dildo. Okay. Not a, It was pretty big and I could find it all. Okay, great. Yeah. What have you had in your purse?


No. No. So basically we have this scene, which was incredible. The movie starts with her sort of going on a date with Scoot McNair. It's totally scrapped outta the movie, which is a bummer 'cause it was so good. Anyway, we would go into this scene where sort of saying how much she realized she doesn't like men and she's really into women. And so she's like, but you should try it. It's fun. I'm like, maybe we should try it together. And there's a scene where we would go on a date, the three of us, we would go back to the house and you would see from the reflection on a microwave, three bodies having a threesome. But I was pegging a man. Wow. Wow. With a strap on. And then we'd come out and they'd be like, yeah, it's not really my thing. And then we'd go back to being full on lesbians. And so that got scrapped out.


I don't know if it was too raunchy. Maybe Just a little too early in the film. It Would've been a win. But it was funny. It was great. But since then we just have photos of each other. Just with raunchy things. Yeah. And so she sent me for my wrap gift, a ginormous strap on what Wonderful does the intimacy coordinator know about all this. Yeah. We would get in trouble. We would get ready. No, You both consented. You're both good. About And then this is me sending her my wrap gift. Oh, you're wearing I wearing it. Wow. You can see. Wonderful. This is really something. This Is too personal. But in that filming of that where you like, maybe I would want to do this to somebody. Yeah. Did it seem was Kind of fascinated by it.


I'm not gonna lie, I don't know if it is my kink. Right. Well We know cannibalism isn't your think. Definitely not. This one's more. I just imagine there could be a moment where you're like, that doesn't appeal to me at all. Now I've put this thing on. I definitely Was fascinated by it. There's something about your hips hitting someone else's and you are the business head. Yeah. Yeah. It, I can imagine a gal doing that and going like, oh I get It. I see how that is powerful. I get the psychology behind it. Right. And how that could be. Yeah. Fetish. I'm never a no to things. I'm always a yes to trying things and discovering. Yeah. Yeah. Not done yet. Just fictionally. But you Have that apparatus also It sticks on the walls. I have it like on a window.


But what could be really terrifying to a man is if on his third date with you, he was going to the bathroom and he saw this and he's like, oh Fuck, this is her thing. It happened. She's gonna Oh, It Happen. I'm sure. Oh, it's happened because I had it in my house. So one time I did this movie. Like it's a lot of explaining. Yeah. Six years ago If I was a dude, I wouldn't believe it. A picture. Yeah. Lemme show you wife. See, Do you know Roseman Pike? Not from New Zealand. She's not New Zealand is not you. Very English. Very English. You should have her here. You would laugh a lot by the way. Oh She seems awesome. Awesome. So you did one movie with Guy Richie and now you've done, I imagine you already shot it. I've Done three. So I've done the ministry of on Gentlemanly Warfare. Then I did a movie called In the Gray that comes out later this year.


Oh, okay. With Jake Gien Hall and Henry Cabell. And then I did the third one, which comes out later ish this year. How quickly Is he shooting movies Back to back? Does he grill on set and you eat the grilled food? Yes. We went carnivore on Fountain of Youth. Krasinski tried it. He was successful for a minute I think he did it. And then Natalie is vegetarian so she did not do that. It has to be the biggest nightmare for a vegetarian to be surrounded by people that are just eating red meat. 'cause he was losing weight. I was sort of into the whole biohacking of it all fascinated by it. And so we would grill just steak. Yeah. And steak. Ooh and steak and more steak with butter. Every single. Oh My God. Oh my God. How's your heart? My cholesterol's good. And I You Have to kinda get tested almost Exclusively red meat.


I really mine. Mine's lower than yours. Yeah, but that's genetic. Yeah, that's Genetic. Exactly. So that's the whole thing. It's not him genetically predisposition. It's probably not the diabetes. It's Not for you money. No. But I loved it. So we would grill on set every day. Natalie Portman is in the Fountain of Youth. Yes. Forget those dudes on the set of Baby Driver the dream. Yeah. I'm so one intimidated. If I'm intimidated, like if I've gotta do the two hander with Bill Murray, who I idolized for me, Natalie Portman was the only ingenue I bought in a hundred percent period. I became an actress because of Natalie Portman. So it was pretty wild. I was trying really hard and be cool. I was just like, hi. So like I'm Like you And I like know everything in a creepy like probably she could sue me kind of way.


I was so uncool. But did you penetrate? Did you eventually Yes. It's easy 'cause she's the nicest person ever. I couldn't stop staring at her. It's only happened to me twice with her. And Marianne Illa when I did a show with her. You're like, how do you look like this? Transfixed? Totally. And she was so fun to work with. Really challenging physically. Water tanks for hours, freezing cold in the air of the uk And we were laughing all the time. We would always be like, like joking about it. She has the best humor. Krasinski obviously has the best humor and it was good vibes all day long and it was a dream job and I couldn't believe it. Where'd you shoot that? We shot everywhere. We went to Thailand. Oh my God.


Then we went to Vienna. Oh then we went to Egypt. Oh there's Like a dream vacation. Yeah. But not the water baths. That's That's how you pay for the Trip. Sounded bad. Yeah. But It's cool though. Like how many times can you say, oh I was in some weird water tank for hours with Natalie Port, but Natalie Portman, you're right, you're right. It's I'll Probably worth it. Take it. It was an amazing experience. So yeah, I've become quite tight with Guy Richie. Okay, So Ash, which I watched last night. What about Mr. And Mrs. Smith? Really quick. You did a little cameo. I Love that. I loved that show. How good is that show? So How good, how good Hero. The director did such an amazing job and yeah, he called Scars Garden and me, we had already worked together in Godzilla. He was like, would you guys come and play for like a few days?


And we went, your stereotypical couple of what you would think Mr. Smith is gonna be. Yeah. And then turn it on its head. And it was fun. You think we're gonna be in it and we're like dead? Yeah. Hopefully we'll make it back. Maybe it could be a third. You never know. You never know. So Ash, I would say it's got two really great parallels. It really reminded me of Moon. Did you ever watch Moon? Yes. Yes. Moon. Oh my God. Did you ever see Moon? I Know Moon. You should watch it. That's incredible. That was a huge reference. And That's someone's kid directed that David Bowie's kid or something. Yeah. Is that what it was? Oh Wow. Duncan Jones. But is Duncan Jones? Is Jones a child of David Bowie? Yes. But does not share the Bowie last. Just wanted to separate.


It's kind of like his name Nick Cage. Nope. A well he was a Coppola Anderson Cooper. Right. Do you know Nicholas Cage is really Coppola. Oh Really? He's in the Coppola family. He Wanted to make it on his own. So he gave himself Cage. You've blown my mind. And do you know About Anderson Cooper? He's a Vanderbilt the journalist. Yeah. Mother is Gloria Vanderbilt. Oh my God. And also Amelia Estevez not using Sheen. You're right. That was a good move. She Sheen. Martin Sheen. Oh, Martin Sheen, Charlie Sheen, Martin Sheen, Amelia Estevez. They're a family. But look at this. Some people need their own path. What We're really giving you a really quick, quick. So maybe this is a moment to tell you that I've changed my last name. Yes. Can you imagine? I Was like from Fryan. Yes.


Yeah. Barbara. Yes. I couldn't be more like her. And then of course Alien. Yes. Alien Is obvious. So who made this slang? Lotus an artist. So he is a musical prodigy. He's incredible. He's a producer. Okay. And I was a humongous fan of his music. And I had seen this insane, crazy movie called Cusso that he did before this. There's really not a plot. It's just a crazy, brutal, gory, insane movie. It feels like you're watching back in the day. Late night MTV. Just weird. And I was obsessed with him and the script came across my table and I was really yearning for something that was in the horror space.


Bizarre and creepy. And I like a psychological thriller. This felt really in the vein. And he showed me his visuals. I mean we made that movie for no money. It's very impressive. Okay, so it's set in the future. You are a group of earthlings that is trying to explore and find another planet that would be habitable. And you touched down on this planet and this pod. And when we meet you you have amnesia. You don't know what the fuck's gone on. Your head is damaged and everyone on the crew is dead. And we're kind of piecing together mental style. Interesting. What happened? It feels like psychosis. It's a discombobulating movie.


Yeah. You're dealing with like amnesia but also kind of madness. Yeah. Like we're not quite sure is this person insane or not? Oh wow. Okay. We don't know why everyone's dead. Ooh. Creepy and good. And then we have Aaron Paul pops in and he ostensibly is trying to figure out what happened as well. But in classic movie like these, we don't know whose friend and who fo Twisties. Yeah. Lots of twisties but visually really, really original. And it had a tension and a chaos. That substance. Oh it's that kind of unsettling. That's How I describe. You're doing a perfect job. I've described it. Substance in space. Wow. Yeah, substance in space. Wow. Because when we got this movie, it was a wild card.


Everyone was like, are you sure you wanna do this? And I was like, yeah, it's insane. I don't even know what's gonna turn out to be. 'cause it's like when you think you know you don't know. And it gets crazier. And it gets crazier. Well a Lot of 'em you go like, oh this is either gonna be incredible or it's gonna suck. Suck. And that's fun. I'm willing to take the risk. This is fun. I can see his vision. 'cause he had like a very strong point of view and I trust people that have strong points of view. Yeah. When it comes to creative, in my experience, Edgar Ride Guy, Richie Bobbeck, it's like work with people that have points of views. You are in it. And when the substance sort of took a life of its own, I was like, oh, I'm glad people are open to crazy films. And it is slightly camp but also uncomfortable and weird and dark and brutal.


It goes from psychological thriller to really gory, really bloody and back and forth. It's dark. It's a crazy movie. And it has this element of oxygen, which is always fun. So like you're watching, you're kind of holding your breath a lot of the time. Is she gonna run outta oxygen? I think this is a very like Angelina Jolie role. Oh really? Yeah. If this movie was made in 97, I think Angelina Jolie would do this. Yeah. Because she was quite a risk taker. I think with her choices in time, I think she had similar, the bad word would be hangups. She had a similar fear of only being hot. Yeah, Yeah. Needing to prove herself. Yeah. And I think she did a lot of things that were unflattering intentionally to break out of that.


And so this very much mirrored, I think that experience she Has had. Ah, that makes me happy to hear that you felt that way. But I'm gonna really applaud you as an actor. You have almost no lines in this movie. Most of the movie is you processing flashbacks. You have to react to all this stuff that you're not seeing. You're in a scene by yourself. You sit at a desk and they go, okay camera's. And now you gotta take us through these flashbacks. You have to take us through the anxiety and the tension of trying to figure out how the fuck you are, where you are at anything. We're gonna learn from you. We just have to see. And you did an incredible job. I was quite blown away. Thank you. That means a lot because you just nailed it in the head. Why I picked this role.


I've always craved I guess coming from soap operas and I, I talk a lot too, as you can tell, we love Talkers. Yeah. I'm a heavy talker and I feel space, my anxiety with speaking, I've always, I think secretly wanted to experience what that was like to be able to feel comfortable in that space. Because I don't think that people see me as a type of actress ever. Because the roles that have flashed into the S geist have been quite the dynamic ones. And I personally like these performances way more. And so I really enjoyed it and I was really scared. And I had come off of a run of doing like Three Body Problem was one of the most challenging jobs I've ever had.


Because while everyone was sort of rooted on factual things, I had to be creating this anxiety building moments with like nothing in the show. I'm watching numbers coming and I'm becoming suicidal and I'm going through a really hard time where I'm seeing this boat get sliced completely that I never saw. So a lot of my performance came to childlike imagination. That's a scary Oh my God. Yeah. Place to be As an actor, as you know You came from lunch, you have a real life, you walked over, you can't even connect with another actor in the scene. Yeah. You're lying only, you Can't run it only on imagination. And then gauging how much is too much? How little is too little? What is over the top? What is not over the top? You're not giving enough. You don't have a real gauge when you're in a scene.


You're bouncing off of each other here you're just like free falling. I had done that back to back. I went from that to three Body Problem and that was scary. Some people can call it a success and people will be like, I don't love it. But at least I felt really proud. Have you seen Three Body Problem? So there's an episode and three Body Problem. Something really major happens. It's like the red wedding on Game of Thrones. Oh wow. Like it's like a crazy episode. Thousands of people get killed and we're seeing it sort of unravel in front of our eyes, but we're seeing it on screens. But nothing was happening. So you're just seeing this ginormous sort of tragic moment happening but we're seeing nothing and we have no idea what the effects is gonna look like. Look like. Yeah. How severe, how not severe. You really rely on your director and if you're lucky, you have an amazing director.


If you're unlucky, you don't have an amazing director. You're Just scared for three months, For three Body Problem. I'm scared for two years. Two years of like bracing because my whole performance on that show, I'm the only one that is relying on nothing because I'm talking to myself, I'm looking at things. You Talking to yourself so hard on camera. Like a mirror scene where you gotta look in the mirror like, Oh my God guys. Not cheesy. Yeah. I've Never be believable. I think it looking at myself, but I've never spoke to myself. Never. Not Once. Yeah. But some people do. If they're not well Okay, I've seen that They're having like a conversation with a second party that's in the mirror. Hopefully That's not me. And hopefully I'm never there. Let's hope I'm gonna knock On away. Let's pretending that you can do it is terrifying.


But yeah, so anyway, it's challenging and I appreciate you. We have many scenes where lights up. She is leaking tears processing this thing. Yeah. I was like god bless. To Kind of build an arc is where it becomes scary. That's where I find hard in the psychological thriller type of like discombobulating films. Because same on three Body Problem. You have to build an arc. Yeah. You have to be your craziest at the end of the second act. But you don't know because especially on Ash flying Lotes was sort of like, I can move scenes around. And I was like, wait, wait, what do you mean it's Not a super linear story. No, But actually it's the most fun because then I would play every scene differently. And then he had like an array of things to pick from. So that's kind of the dream.


I can be quite type A and I used to have gotten better at it. 'cause I came from a school of, there were certain directors that wanted a very specific type of performance and I had worked in a row with a lot of those directors. So it was very healing for me to go into plays where like just go for it. And I was like, like, what do you mean? What do you mean? Yeah. They're like, go for it. And that felt scary for me for a while. And so it was great. And so we played a lot of different things. Stay tuned for more Armchair Expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know to check that you took your allergy pill first before you go to the botanical garden. Like you know to make sure that cute coat you bought is waterproof first before you wear it outside on a rainy day. Or checking that a potential partner is an arm cherry checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and Casualty insurance company in affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


We are supported by Quince. Something about the weather warming up makes you want to get outside and go somewhere new, doesn't it? It's the spring travel itch. Oh my gosh. It's Spring break is upon us. Whether you're in school or not, you should still take a spring trip. Yes. I'm taking the girls to Hawaii. If you've got spring break travel plans of your own. Get where you're going in style by treating yourself to a first class quality suitcase at an economy price with Quince. Quince has premium luggage options and durable duffel bags to carry it all. We've told you before about how we love our apparel from Quince. So many cute things. The cashmere, it's so soft, Beautiful sweater. But also I have these knives from Quince. Oh that are incredible. They do have really, really, really high-end products. They're the greatest. So you can get ready to head out with your quince luggage and stuff it with some fresh outfits from Quince and look amazing on your trip too. They've got it all. For your next trip, treat yourself to the luxe upgrades you deserve from Quince. Go to quince.com/dx for 365 day returns, plus free shipping on your order. That's QUI ce.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/dax.


We are supported by better help. Let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session, which adds up fast. But with better help online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session. And you know people don't have any problem investing into their physical health. Yeah. And I sure would like to see them have that same willingness to invest in their mental health with better Help. You pay a flat fee for weekly sessions. Saving you big on cost and time therapy should feel accessible. Not like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense and can help you with anything. From anxiety to everyday stress. Your mental health is worth it. And now it's within reach. With over 30,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join a session with the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. Plus switch therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit better help.com/dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help he lp.com/dax.


But I'm sure that movie made you better. Yeah. Good challenge. I hope so. That Was a big exercise. That was like heavyweight heavy reps. I'm Really scared of this movie. You did Such a good job. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. I hadn't seen many of these movies so I know you're gonna be watching. I Care a lot now for sure. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. You really sold It. But wait, didn't you cut the pegging scene? Yeah. Boring now. Now see now I don't need to see it. There's little heavy make outs here and there, but no pegging. Where do people see it? It comes out March, 2020 first. And movies. It's wide release. Why? I'm also really scared. That's awesome though. We need a lot of love. Please go watch it. Yeah, Go to the movies. The movies are fun. I miss the movies and It's a horror movie. I love going to the movie theaters for a horror movie Comedy.


Exactly. Or like Substance, as you said was such a good movie to see in the movie theater. I loved it Because everyone's into it and laughing and kind of screaming and it's that communal thing we just don't get anymore. Exactly. Wait, did you work with Josh? Now that I think of it, Yeah. We did a movie called When in Rome. You don't need to see it. Kristen's the lead. Josh is her love Interest. Weird. I'm one of three suitors trying to get Kristen. We from a long time ago. Oh yeah. This was within the first three months of us dating. 18 years ago we made this movie. Wait, So you were dating before you did did the movie? Yes. Which is a wonderful story because Disney did not wanna hire us. We've been dating for three months. They're like, we're not hiring a three month boyfriend and girlfriend.


And they break up in three weeks. And then, By the way, that's very smart, right? Yes. One of my best friends, Andrew Pane yogo was the producer. And I was like, George, I promise you, no matter what, I will not break up with her At least while I'm filming the movie. Yes. We barely made it. We were living together. It was a disaster for us living together. Three months in and shooting a movie Together because they were in Italy Only for a week mostly. It was this dark apartment in New York where we in Two. Oh Well you just weren't here so you had to live together. Yes. We were shooting in New York and then in Italy. So you said, let's just jump in and straight up live together while making a movie. That sounds insane. I'm like so frugal. Well, let's combine our living thing and then we'll pocket the thing.


God, we get home and the relationship is in a state of total disrepair. We decide to go to a couple's therapist, her therapist I, Three months, Well now we've shot a video because they were about to break up. Now we're four or five months. Okay. Yeah. I'm out. We took a motorcycle trip home to Michigan. It was a disaster. I left like, I hope I never see this person again. As long as I lived. I'm sure she felt the same way. We get home, we go to couples therapy and I say to the therapist, I go, you know, I made this promise to not break up with her during the movie 'cause of my friend, but now we're back in real life and I don't know that I'm, we're gonna make it. And he goes, well it's really interesting. You're saying you're back in real life. 'cause actually that was real life.


You commit we're not breaking up. And I was like, oh, Oh My God. It's all perception. That Shit was so stupid. But I honestly was like, oh wow, that is it. You go, no, no under no circumstance. So we must figure out how to make this work 'cause we're not breaking up. So weirdly, it was a kind of a breakthrough in the life. And how many years are we in now? 18 To year. Wow. Frozen is my favorite movie of all time. It is. Well good news. You'll three and four coming Your Way. I don't think any adult that has no Children has watched my as much as I have. That's The first time I've heard that It would be like musical theater and Singing. I would go on dates with guys and I'd have my Spotify and Shuffle And Your Strap on In the Backseat.


Yeah. In the Backseat. And then all of a sudden was like, do you wanna build the Snowman? And I'm singing. They're like, this is so weird. Yeah, you can totally tell I had no childhood and I was like a child star who got completely ripped away from having a childhood. So now I'm living it. Did you Love Wake Kid too? I went to the movie theaters to watch it 17 times. I cried. I was blown away by it. Yeah. The one line got me to Well Up. It's right before, what's the last song they sing? Is there on the Divine Gravity. Defy Define Gravity. It's Like a stanza before that Anyway. Of anywhere. Of everywhere. Oh, unlimited. Unlimited. Together we're unlimited.


It got you. I was like, oh fuck Yes. You are girls. Yeah. Did you watch the Oscar? The Oscar Girls last night? No. Oh my God. Did they rip it up? Ariana came out and sang a song from The Wizard of Oz. She sang Somewhere Over the Rainbow. Right. And then Cynthia came out and sang a song from The Wiz. Oh my Lord. Like, and they sang together. They sang Together. That Define Gravity Together were limited. It gave me chills, just repeating it gave me chills. Also what it was saying. 'cause The Wiz is an African American Wizard of Oz. Okay. And it's bringing these together. It Was spectacular, But it was Very powerful. And it makes me really happy for John Chu random. John Chu was the first person to actually cast me in a movie.


Really? Oh really? He did a movie that was not successful at all. And we always laugh about it called Gem and The Holograms. I Oh Yeah. Yeah. And Ryan Hanen was in there. Yes. Yes. Ryan. Ryan. Are You guys friends with Ryan? I best friends. I love Ryan. He's best. Best. He's hilarious. Yes. Yeah, He's, he's the most charismatic man in America. The most charismatic man ever. Can do back Flips. Yes. And will at any chance With a little provocation. And he cast me as The Misfits, which was the Bad Girls. And we had little tiny scene. I remember it was Kesha Me and we had two lines at the end of the Gem in the Hollywoods 'cause supposedly we're gonna do another one. Never happened. Yeah. But it was my first role actually before Baby Driver, now that I think of it. Wow. And We've been friends ever since.


John And I. He is Known. Alright. Well Aza, this was so fun. Yes. Thank You guys. Thank you. Amazing. Really great job, Ben Ash. Everyone watch Ash. Go to the movie theater. It's scary. And you'll have that communal experience where you're screaming and I'm so excited. You throwing up a little bit. Oh, You grab your titties out of fear. You grab your titties. You're like, That's a good, you Grab your titty. That's a good sign. Thank you so much for having me. I am such a fan of the podcast. Oh, I'm really happy to be here. Thank you. We were so happy to you. I hope people don't think that I'm insane. I'm not insane. You're not insane. No one thinks that. No one thinks that. It's time to let all that go. Anxiety go. It's All behind us. All right. Adore you. Thank you. Thank You guys. Bye. He is an our care expert buddy.


Makes mistakes all the time. Thank God. Monica's here. She's gotta let him have the facts. Yeah. No, she her all time her like my Matt and Ben. Yeah. Is Mr. Tni, who, what's his name? James McAvoy. Who? Oh, great. Pick. I know. Great picture of. But she picked him while he was Mr. Tum in Who's Mr. Tum? In like Lion Witch in the wardrobe. So he's like, ha. He's like a centar something. Oh wow. And he, we were wa seeing in the movie theater and she was like, is he hot? And I was like, no.


Wow. And he's turned out to be quite hot. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's so charismatic. I guess I've never met him. What Did that just make me think? Oh we, I renamed whiskey and I feel like it's such a good name for him. What is it? First of all, conjure him in your head. Okay. A little mwe rat. And then he eats people. Yeah. Right. Three legs. We decided he's tiny Trump. Oh my God. So his New name is Trump. I love that Picture. His face and picture Trump. That's exact. This is my dog Trump. Ew. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's really accurate. In a gross way. Trump, because it was kind of like shrimp, which he shrimpy. Yeah.


Yeah. But then, And then what's the rat from Charlotte's Web? Templeton. Oh. So his name is Tr Templeton something. I've forgotten his last name. Wow. But now he's got a whole new three names. I Like that. He really looks like a tr Who do you think is the perfect name to face and body? Like named a person match? Brad Pitt. Really? I guess in the, just those words. Eno symbolize Now hotness and Yeah. But I don't know. That's like chicken or the egg. Sure. I mean more like, Oh that reminds me, as I alerted you on my bus trip home from Nashville, I was watching all kinds of stuff.


Mostly shit. I can just listen to Great wreck. If you're just driving and you wanna listen. Turning point. That 10. What set? It's on Netflix. It's 10 episodes, but really the history of the arms, nuclear arms, race and all the twists and turns. Wow. I wrote down stuff in my notes that I wanna bring up. Thank God You're gonna like it. No, you're gonna like one part. Okay, Great. But anyways, I gave Love Island a temptation Island. A chance. Chance. Right. I've never done that. I couldn't do it. I'll blame it on driving. Sure. And needing to look at probably hot co-eds. Assume I'm Also getting, I assume that's the whole point. It's very visual. And I, the most alarming things happening to me, which is like hot co-eds are starting to do less and less for me.


That's Great. I mean, is it, I mean it's, yes. Like on a self-actualize spectrum, it's good. That's a bummer to miss. I'm sorry. I understand. Something that has been a source of like titillation and enjoyment my whole life. Yeah. It's just one less thing I enjoy. Okay. I have a, I have a question answer honestly. Yeah. Is it that just like overall the titillation in seeing like women on screen or what? Yeah, we'll see on screen. Even ripped dudes. You know how I like ripped dudes as well. Oh, Okay. So it is all going downhill or is it just the age has changed. Whew. Yeah. How do I, how do I know? But everyone's pretty young on the show. What I think is happening is there's some sliding ratio on my head that used to be at 13 looks, was it 20?


Like my body was just responding to what, what you See. Course. Of course. And then I just feel like personality always ratcheted up and then looks priority went down. And I think that was at a really nice, even keel for a long time. Long enough that I could at least look at a hot person and with a, with a repugnant personality and think that'd be tolerable for 40 minutes. Oh, I see. Okay. I can't even enjoy now. This is great. I'm turning into a woman. That's what I was literally just about to say. I Know. I'm finally starting to understand how you guys, what's Happening is you're becoming your, it Doesn't matter if someone's Hot, your feminine inside is coming out finally. And I must be in Meuse perimenopause me menopause.


Yeah. Yeah. But it's like, that's how it feels. They introduce the themselves. Right. It's like, you know the premise, there's like 10 couples or eight couples and They come in as a couple. It's the weakest premise imaginable. Okay. Which is like, we wanna make sure we can take our relationship to the next level. So we're gonna see we're gonna really tempt each other. It's like, that's not what people looking to take their relationship to the next level do. Right. Conventionally. Conventionally. But Anyways, allegedly. But anyways, it's just sitting down. It's this weird mix of jealousy and then bravado of that. They, they don't care. Yeah. And then the temptresses and tempts come out, if that's the male of tempt. Oh, They bring in new people. They break up the couples and the girls live in one house. The boys live in another house. Oh. And then they send in Temptresses.


Okay. And so like all these women come out and they're in and they're in bathing suits. Of course they, I mean this whole thing is really fascinating. 'cause what is the line? Like if you set it up? Yeah. These are very vague lines. You Mean like sex worker? Yeah. Like you're hiring hot people to tempt other people and then hopefully they'll hook up with Yeah. It's very, it's very blurry. And Do who, I mean, I guess do you think the Temptresses wanna date? It's not right. The whole, they're Claiming they do, they were cast for being hot. They're not, not, it's not like they were like, I need to find love and I'm looking for someone already in a committed relationship that's claiming they want to go with. Exactly. That Doesn't exist. Exactly. I know.


I Know. So, and you know, they're like, these aren't real names. Right. I'm just making them, it's like I'm Tiara and I put all the back front, like all these weird sayings and then they show their butt and stuff. They Put all the back up front. That means they have a huge vagina. Well, No, I'm, I'm mix. I'm not mixing metaphors. I'm just saying words anyways. Yeah. They say these things. Yep. You know, this guy's like, I'm a chef and I'm gonna cook you hot. You know, like all these, they got a one line. Yeah. And I'm just like, you know, every time they say one of these, Well of course it's so cringey. It's a bummer. Yeah. It's a bummer. People. Yeah. Like you're already hot. Yeah. And then have to say something hot on top of it.


Yeah. But I'm saying all this saying, I know 10 years ago I would've, I would've been able to look right through most of that stuff. Although the one I always loved was with Ryan Devlin. What was that? Yeah. Are you The one? Yeah. We loved that because They really did wanna fall in love Maybe And be on tv. Yeah. Am be on tv. Yeah. Yeah. But they were like, they thought they, people were like bawling and Stuff's like bachelor. Yes. Yeah. But like, here's hot models that are gonna tempt you. Right. And I just don't know how I feel about it. Anyways, I gave that a shot and then I didn't It wasn't for you. I didn't make it. Why did I bring that up? Just to tell you. Oh. 'cause we were talking about names.


Yeah. Names And whose name? His name Matches. Yeah. And did you, why did I think of we Talking about Brad? Pipping Hot. Yeah. Hot. And That's it. That's how we got there. Yeah. I mean, look, I I, And I used to get it, I used to be able to name like 10 actor female actors that I was like into coveted. Yeah. And we're down to a couple. Really? Yeah. I mean, I'm saying really in like, It's, I'm dying. No, no. Really. Like I would assume you're not have any anymore. Oh. Like, like why would I have a ne nanny? Like when would there be a day where you've got like Brad Pitt's not hot. No, it's not that.


It's just things do change. Like even for me, you know, today an article came out in GQ about my boyfriend, one of my original boyfriends. Ben. Ben. Okay. And you know, my friend said, you have to read this article Sure. About Ben. And I was like, It's a must read. Yeah. And actually she said, I know you're more of a Matt girl, but you have to read this. And then I got like old defensive. Right. I was like, it's not one or the other. They're, that's one's both the same. Yeah. But I know at some point in my life the idea that there was like new info about Ben or that he would've a new detail ated in thing.


And I, and I, I would've been so, I would've been so excited. I would've read it immediately. I would've canceled all my plans. Yes, yes. Of course. And I was like, oh, I gotta read that. Oh. Like, it like felt like a chore thing. Similar. I loved it. Oh, you did? Yeah. It was, it's really good. What makes it so good? He is very open in it. Oh. Like to what degree? Well, I also give a lot of credit to the interviewer. He is not going for low hanging fruit. Right. Like every interviewer. Exactly. And so in, in doing that, Ben says a lot of stuff. Right. 'cause he is not on the defensive. Exactly. Exactly. And I mean, he's just like own, What are a couple that he Owns a lot of things.


He talks about. He, I mean, I mean there's nothing like majorly juicy, but he does talk about his relationship with Jen Lopez and he's basically like, yeah. Everyone wants like a juicy headline. He is like, it is, it's just, it'd be so boring if you knew the details. It's just a relationship. It's just like she is things, I have things and it ul ultimately doesn't work. Yeah. He's very like, reflective of this thing about him that like, people love to watch him spill coffee on the street. Oh right, right, right. Yeah. Yeah. And he said, I could have been more strategic. I I should be more strategic.


I shouldn't like go out and get in my sweat mail or go out in crappy clothes. I know people are gonna do a thing, but I just don't get, I don't give a fuck. Okay. Doesn't. And I liked that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then, and he said when he looks back on Old articles, I'm grateful I'm not him. I know. I am so grateful. No, It's so unfair. Every Now and then I see photos of me from out in front of my house and I'm like, oh. They sit there, you know, that's, they sit there. That's A bummer. But it's not like if I go to the store, there's ever And that people are waiting for you to do something very silly. Yes. And by the way, just make it through an entire walk to Starbucks from your car without looking goofy at one point.


Yeah, Exactly. Exactly. And and he talks like about his kids. 'cause he has this production company with mad and like the reason they started that is so he could be at home, he can like be with the kids when they get off the bus. And he missed a lot of chunks. He said he missed a lot of chunks and he regrets that. And he doesn't like that. And yeah, it was, it was great. It was great. I, I loved it. But also all to say like You, your interested waned a bit. Just my perimenopause is kicking in. Same. Yeah. Yeah. It makes sense. Sense. 'cause I'm Indian Test atrophy or something. Testicular atrophy. Indian and you're white. So we would be hitting it around the same time Because I'm white.


Yeah. Yeah. And I'm 12 years. You're 12 years old. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Can I tell you the thing that really interested me about Turning Point? Yeah. Oh wait, can we, can we do one more thing? Yes. Of course. This is still sort of on subject Yeah, yeah. Of hotness. So I say that right. Oh, You were shocked that I have two still. Oh yeah. Who are they? I probably have more. You know, I was re reinvigorated. I went and saw a black bag. I was just about to bring it Up. You saw it? Yes. Oh my God. You know what's great? I went solely because I saw Fast Bender was in it. I had like an afternoon off and I went, I I didn't know anything about it. Yep. Me either. I enjoyed It so much.


Me Too. The score was so good. And I was angry at myself when I saw the title. Like, oh, Soderberg directed it. Of course. And that's of course that's his signature kind of music. And, and the style. I I almost wanted to rewatch it again. Oh, You didn't notes till the end. It was him. Yes. Oh, that's why I saw it. I was like, oh, Sodaberg. I was a blessing. 'cause I was trying to figure out the tone of it quite a bit. If I knew it was Soderberg, I knew it would be a lot more outta sight. Playful. Yeah. And I was more like, oh this is hardcore British espionage shit. Yes. But I loved it. But I was reminded how much I love Alicia Vic hander. I didn't even realize it was her. When he's interviewing her and she's passing the polygraph. I did. And they're talking about her anal sphincter Realize it was her.


The whole movie. I, until you just said that. Wow. I Thought that. I bet. Am I right on that Rob? I'm looking. I don't know. That would be really embarrassing if I have the wrong actor. I mean, She looks like her now in retrospect. Did you like that actor? Yeah, she was great. But I Fast bender. Who's your crush? Well, This is, it's crazy that you said it. 'cause what I was about to say is, you know, we're saying this lusty thing, but I saw a black bag and I thought it was so sexy. Yeah. And he's so sexy in it. That's, Which is interesting because he is so reserved, But it's like Yeah. Controlled. Yeah. He is his con his level of control is hot. Right. And loves her so much. He's gonna, he's fucking he'll just betray us country for Yeah.


And she's so beautiful in it. Kate Bland Chad. Yes. And also like, I'm really upset because her outfits are so cute in it. Aw. And then I just want all the outfits. Okay. Okay. Really Bad. Okay. Yeah. Anyway, I think that was her. Yeah, I think we could probably cut. I think. Well you're in front of a computer. I, she's not listed on the IMDV. You just go to cast black bag. I, well she's not listed there, but It's not her. The Ai, it's Her Marissa. No, wait. Yep. Marissa, abuela. Wait, What Does that not look like her? It does look like her. And They're a couple. This girl is Marissa Buela.


She's, she was great. Oh my God. I'm Oh great. You can add her to Humiliated. No, but you can add her to your list now. Although she's 28. Oh that's a little dicey. Wow. Man, I'm embarrassed. This Is actually why you're liking p young people less. Because I do think whether you are conscious of it or not, you know, that you wouldn't really wanna make that decision. Oh, I couldn't date any of these people. Is that not abundantly Claire? No, No, no. It is clear. But I think, I think when you're like watching Temptation Island and it's like God, it's just like not doing it for me. I think it's because there's a subconscious streak now going through, like as you've said before, there has to be some reality to your fantasy.


Well, Okay, let's back up for one second. Okay. And just go like societally, it's disgusting To have to be within. Yeah. You're 50 years old and you'd dating 25 year. Yeah. I think I Here to judge, but I'm just saying societally. Yeah. It's embarrassing. It can be interesting if you're out at a fucking dinner with all your fr your peers and they all have wives as peers as I do. Yeah. And you've brought a 20-year-old. Yeah. That's fucking embarrassing. Yeah. I'm not saying people shouldn't do it or I I'm just saying I would be embarrassed Yeah. To be at a dinner with all 50 year olds and I brought my 20-year-old girlfriend. Yeah. So I think that's what's happening Genetically. Evolutionarily no, there's no, there's no reason a man would ever stop seeing fertile women as attractive.


That's just that it would be my culture on top of it. Yeah. But your culture's a part. Oh it is. It Is. Obviously we are have also evolved out status. Like status. Now doesn't just necessarily mean having as many kids as like you are done having kids, right? Yes. Like Yes, physically you are done having Kids. Unless I got a reversal of my vat. Right. Yeah. Yeah. So, so you have also told But, but my, my genetics doesn't know I got a vasectomy. I dunno. No, it doesn't, it can't take info in. But the whole point that the reason that we have those genetics is still for status. It's for spreading as your seed as far not status far wide as you can.


Yeah. It's just to spread your seed. So genetically I too am supposed to spread my seed. That's the pole. Yeah. Inside. Yeah. And then on top of my biology is culture that's affecting a bunch of my behaviors. Yeah. All I'm pointing out is that there is no mother nature rule that I would not be attracted to someone that's fer. No. I'm not saying there's a mother nature rule, but I'm, but it's, it's still culture's still subconscious Culture's huge. Yes. It's totally subconscious. So that's what I was saying. I was like subconsciously there is something in you that's like, that's not a reality anymore. Yeah. I, well I go to, mine's very complicated.


I go to, I can't talk to the, what would I talk to this person about? Exactly. How would I spend hours with this person? Yeah. I'm gonna be talking about, you know, the time Prince was dead in 1983. We all Fought. Probably she You did talk about that recently. Yeah. I also continue to Yeah. Because that's what I grew up with. Sure. Anyways, man, but I see, I see folks my age just out doing it. And I guess, I guess I, I don't know. I I wanna say applaud 'em, but I'm just like, I, we just have different levels. I guess it's, I guess it's a signal of confidence. Seems like a signal of insecurity. Yours. When I see 50 plus year old actors with 20-year-old actresses, it's Either insecurity and they need this like woman to raise their status because they're beautiful.


They want a reflection of themselves. Exactly. If this person likes me, then you guys should all like me. Yes. Right. Which I, I I can relate to that In some cases. Not all. In some cases I think it could be evidence of a lack of emotional maturity from the male. Which is like, they've never gone past what relationships are in your twenties. Yeah. They don't want to. Yeah. And they want someone that also wants a three year ordeal. Yeah. And nothing more. 'cause that's the phase they're in. Yeah. They, they don't want it to be that serious. Yeah. The older you get, most women want something a little more serious. So there's that. And I would imagine the percentage of three year relationships in your twenties that turn into lifetime versus three year relationships in your thirties that turn into lifetime.


I think that's a dramatic difference. Probably. Yes. I'm guessing though. I would guess too. Yeah. Any who? Well that was, do you wanna add any guys to your list? I know a lot of 'em. Idris sba, the guy from, that's random One to say The guy from heist. Matt, Ben, Sean Penn. No. Oh. See this is why it's so red pit. Funny. I know. I'm sort of an outlier. Like, or I've always liked older men. Right. Which is so opposite from what Men. Men, you know, I, and I still do. I know from my female peers Yeah.


And friends that I, on the scale you Track Older and much more attracted to older men than they. They are. Do you have an explanation for that? Yeah. It's a maturity thing. No, I think because I spent so much of my young life feeling like I had to protect everyone in the family. I like the idea of not having to do that. Right. And having a protector to relax. So in my head the protector has to be older. Patriarchal a little bit. Yeah. Yes. Oh, okay. Interesting. 'cause I was gonna harken a guess that there's also some part of you an insecure part.


Sure. I have a lot of That says older men value personality more. Oh, Uhuh. No. And young men are just looking for like whatever Instagram model to inflate their own status. No, because this is even when I was really young. Yeah. Right. Like when I was really concocted This whole Yeah. I didn't like, I, I wasn't like, I mean I guess I did like Leonardo DiCaprio and Titanic. I liked him, but I really liked David Breana. Okay. Wow. I don't know who that Is, but Angel on Buffy. Oh, okay. And he was older, way older than me at the time. Yeah. Yeah. So I was still even then attracted to like an older thing.


This is where it does get tricky is like I trust you in life and your desires. Yeah. So if you wanna date a 62-year-old man. Yeah. Well we've talked about this. You don't want me to, I don't want you to. Yeah. But it's interesting that, and I have two conflicting ideas in my head, which is like, yeah, you should be able to be with a 62-year-old man. And then kind of the inverse of that is like I have to be able to not be judgmental of the 62-year-old man that's with you. Right. But you are And I get It. Yeah. Although there is a threshold, but I bet it's kind of just 'cause I'm 50. So to me a threshold is around 35. Yeah. Oh God, that's so sad. But true.


Like I passed, I don't mind a 50-year-old dating a 30 5-year-old. No, me neither. Yeah. I don't mind a 60-year-old dating a 30 5-year-old. Yeah, I know. We are tricky. We're a little different on this, on this page, Ted. And again, I don't, I don't give a fuck. I just have questions. Well, I don't have that many questions. It's like if it, the, the 60-year-old is finally at the point in his life where he is ready to Settle, have some fun and travel Settle down. I mean there is something about feeling being with a young person that makes you energizes. You feel youthful and energized and not like your age, but also I think a six year, some of these 6-year-old men who are hot.


Yeah. Like have had all these women coming in and out of their life. They liked that. And now they're like, oh no. Like I do wish I had someone to watch TV with. I don't. Right. I guess I gotta go to the people who do. And those are 35 year olds Who like to watch tv. Yeah. I love to watch tv. Yeah. I watched all of adolescents this weekend. Great. Great show. Great Show. Really intense. Beautifully done. Acting Impressive. Holy shit. That Boy. New brand. New Brand new. Talk about, for people who haven't seen it, we have mentioned it before, but all of it is in very long takes.


I don't know if they bridged some together or not. They might have, but it's, they apparently didn't sold as a one. They apparently didn't. So for people who don't know, although I do think we said it, but just in case it's the story of a boy who's accused of murdering a a 13-year-old boy who's accused of murdering a girl that age too. Yes. And it's four episodes. They're hour longs, they're wanters and it's really heartbreaking. It's intense, but like intense in the reality of life. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by mint mobile. Do you say data or data? Well, at my house we say data, but I'm trying to say data. I know it's correct. That's normal, right? I say data. For the longest time I thought paying a fortune on my monthly data plan was just normal. That was until I found out about Mint Mobile and their premium wireless plans that started just 15 bucks a month. Say bye-bye to your overpriced wireless plans. Jaw dropping monthly bills and unexpected overages. Mint Mobile is here to rescue you. All plans come with high speed data or data, your choice and unlimited talk and text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. Use your phone with any Mint mobile plan and bring your phone number along with all your existing contacts. Ditch overpriced wireless and get three months of premium wireless service from Mint Mobile for 15 bucks a month. No matter how you say it, don't overpay it. Shop plans@mintmobile.com slash dax. That's mint mobile.com/dax. Upfront payment of $45 for three months. Five gigabyte plan required equivalent to $15 per month. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price. Plan options, available. Taxes and fees. Extra C meant mobile for details.


I certainly don't want to redate this. I did want to just point out, post our debate about men and women Oh. That we had recently. Okay. And, and I, reading comments, I noticed there's a, a total lack of compassion for young men. Okay. And particularly young white men Totally get it. It's so well grounded. White men have been in power, they've had all the power and all the opportunities. So I'm asking you to feel bad for the group who's had all the power and all the opportunity and held all the wealth. But what occurred to me, and I think it's the distinction people need to make in their mind, the 12-year-old wasn't a CEO of a company.


He was not the patriarchy. He did not have the power. I agree. I think we graft on the sins of previous generations under these young boys who are like 10 years old. They just arrived. Right. They don't have any status or power or control. Yeah. And you gotta make the distinction in your head. If you hope to have any compassion for this group that is well, by all metrics struggling. I think anyone who's really thinking about it does recognize, And for 30 and above, go ahead and keep feeling that way. I don't mind that you think Right. Oh, poor white men that are 30 and above. Right. But I, I think most people who know what's going on do have compassion. And even if you don't have compassion, you, you have to have some fear and some level of like, this is a huge problem that has to, we have to look at.


And it's A tinderbox. And it is. It is. But I guess what's like the show depicts, and I think a great way is the outside influence on a lot of these boys. Yeah. It gets into incel culture, which was funny 'cause I was like, I don't know so much about this. Right. Like, I don't know, barely anything. They were, they're explaining a lot of stuff that I was like, Oh my God. My understanding of incel was like, it's a very fringe part of the internet. Or these guys who are like, I'm never gonna have sex. And then they hate women. Yeah. And then I saw I this clip that went around, which is incredible. It was one of the, in very popular vlogging, incel guy saying it was gay to have sex with women.


Yeah. I mean, that's so fucking twisted. Yeah. But I didn't realize it was like super common knowledge among young people. Yeah. Or at least in England, if this shows to be Believed. Yeah. And there's a whole culture around it. There's emojis that mean things. Yeah. And it's a whole, and there's this like 80 20 rule where 80% of the women, it's part of like what incel say, which is I think true On social or rather on dating maps. Yeah. Yeah. That 80% of women are interested in 20% of men. But then they take it to this level. That's so because of that we have to hurt them. I just think it's like the least thought out fucking thing in the world to be like, so the answer to that is like, hurt them and kill them.


Oh. That means then 0% of you. But that doesn't have to be like the re the reason is because a, a woman will be with a man who's not like that. Like the, it's like it's dragging all these boys in to increase the chance that that will happen. Well they're, yeah. They have to figure out what the 20% on dating apps are doing and replicate it. Right. Again, 'cause the college graduation rates are dropping. And if you gotta be a college grad to get that 20%, I mean hopefully that'll just incentivize these dudes to go to col. What they gotta figure out what are the things. Yeah. And go get those things so they can get those mates.


Also, I would hope women will start dating laterally. Yeah. If that's the real dynamic on planet Earth is that 80% of women are getting plowed by the same 20% of dudes. Like that's not advantageous to them either. It's not good for women to all be fighting over 20% of the pool. I, I, well I think what's really happening is that women are go Dormant and they don't care As much. They're like, I don't need that. Yeah. And the unfortunate reality is that's more and more true. Yeah. Yeah. And I don't, I mean, I'm not saying that's good, but it is more true that like you can Well, yeah. You can be an independent. Yeah. Yes. There's, and Live like a happy, good life. That's the, but I, I would say most Women I don't think are as capable of.


I agree. And so I think most women would prefer to be in a partnership. A good partnership. Yeah. Then be alone. But also I think what's starting to happen, obviously I can fully attest to this, we're also not gonna be in a partnership that isn't equal. Like that isn't good. It's preferred to be single. I would say both are gonna suffer. Yeah. I mean, I think people should do what they've always done and form partnerships and that Are healthy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, that's The whole issue. I don't want anyone to be in a bad relationship. Yeah. But I want everyone to have a partner Yeah.


And Feel fulfilled and have, have that, And have children and the population. Yeah. You know, I, I agree. Yeah. I agree. I just think it's getting, it, it's, it's getting harder. Like it just is. It's for everyone. I Think I'm saying way more people are losing now than ever have. Yeah. But even because These 20% of dudes, you think any of them are settling down if they have access to 80% of all women Right. That's fucked for them. That it's not good for them. Yeah. It's certainly not good for the 80% of boys that are left out. Right. It's not good for the 80% of women trying to go after 20% of men. I guess the only people that are maybe thriving are the 20% of women who are with the, I don't know.


I don't fucking know. It seems, it seems, I don't know. But we also, like, there's also the reality at play here. Even though we're saying eight, we're saying this 80 20 rule. But there is a real truth. We talked about it on here all the time. I see it everywhere. That men are not that attracted to highly independent, accomplished women. Most men, they're, they're threatened by it. And it's uncomfortable. I think they're all attracted to it. I think they don't know how to handle it when they get it. I also think a part of it is like for many men, and I don't know, I think they think there's something masculine about it.


Oh. Like That there's, Or maybe for some Yeah. There's like a role reversal. They don't like, they don't like the idea of the woman because their Dad was the breadwinner and her mom Was the, so that's not attractive. I mean I just, there's so many women I know that are single and like beautiful and thriving and real catches. Yeah. Yeah. And they cannot, and they are dating. Like they are dating. They're out there, they're dating and it is not working. It's not good. I guess what's interesting to think of is I have two daughters that will date and what, what do I want for them? Well, yeah. I also think knowing you, you definitely want them to be with an equal partner.


Oh yeah. Yeah. They deserve that. Yeah. And I want them to be with a ambitious go-getter protector. Exactly. Who's confident. Yeah. And we'll let them shine. Yeah. And if they don't, I'll fucking break their necks. So right there is the reason that's 20% of men. That's the whole thing. Like the expectation you have for your daughters is the expectation at this point that most, not most, but a lot of women have for themselves. Right. But If might, if one of my daughters dated a dude who wasn't ambitious. Yeah. Who wanted to keep a really clean house Yes. And be a super involved dad And was nice and fun. I wouldn't be like, you shouldn't be with that guy.


No. He is not a man. I think a lot of women, women would be fine with that if, if they had their own thing going on. This is where we get into some weird sort of tricky di we had people write in distinct about this a lot. Yeah. And then there'd be like some tricky dynamics then. 'cause they'd come home and like in a reverse traditional situation, if it was a wife at home, a woman at home, they would be required to like keep up the house and do the grocery shopping. Yeah. Yeah. Schedule everything and do this and do this. But a lot of men now maybe this will change and I actually think that's gonna be the answer. Right. Yeah. Well, All these, anyone who grew up is watching a dad do that right now. They're on like they're on third base.


Exactly. Exactly. And there's no shame around it. No. Or like, I'm not a man and I think a, but a lot of a certain generation of men, I think my, my generation may be the last one. Right. Where it's like they don't wanna run a house. Right. So, and that feels emasculating. Yeah. And things like that. So this is where the whole like gay, not being with an ambitious, gotta gay. Yeah. Not being with ambitious women. It just is tricky. Yeah. Now lemme ask you this. This is a dangerous one, but, okay. Do you think we can bump up against the limits of our biology at some point? Like society evolves. Yeah. Culture evolves.


Yeah. But I do wonder at like, what point do you bump up against just how much culture can override biology? I actually think culture can override it quite a bit over a long period of time. I don't think it's fast, but I, Yeah. I think if you plotted you and I on the spectrum, I think we have different like inflection points of where that would be. I think Yeah. Probably even where this all started, where I think the culture has seeped in enough for like you to be, you would be embarrassed to do something that we, we 25 years ago. Yes. That, that's an indicator enough for me. That like over time things do change and then modeling changes.


So like what your kids have seen Yeah. Is gonna be different than their kid. You know, it's just, it's overall gonna Shift. Yeah. We're highly flexible and adaptable. So maybe it'll work. I think that's true also. We could see it fall off a cliff and go, huh. We'll be dead by then. I think it's all right. Okay. Couple facts. Just a couple hotdog. DNA. Ah, tell me. Yeah. Hotdog. DNA. I've asked a lot of people this question that me and you had about, would you rather eat someone's hair, eat their skin or eat their But no, eat their Skin hair. Saliva. Saliva. Exactly.


Well, the whole thing is, no, not all hot dogs contain human DNA. But a 2015 study by Clear labs found human DDNA in 2% of the hotdog and sausage samples. They tested with two-thirds of those samples being vegetarian. I mean it's really not that much. But then it just, it just made us ask the question, what would you rather have of those three? And I've been asking a lot of people, Oh, what's the consensus? So skin, Everyone's all over the place. Skin, saliva, and hair. Yeah. Those are the options. We think that's what's getting into the hot dogs. I say saliva. Yeah. You said saliva. You'd most like, you'd most rather have saliva because You don't have to chew that. You're not gonna feel that in your mouth. Right. It's best to not even know you had the DNA go through.


Yeah. And I get, and like I think a lot of people said saliva. You Say hair. I do. And that is controversial. No one's agreed with me. What if it's a pubic hair? No. No. Okay. Nope. So a human hair, it has to Be a head hair. Okay. Which is probably dirtier than pubic hair. I know. No, no, I don't think so. I don't know. I I, my God. Yeah. Not An ass hair or arm Hair man's pubis. Hair, arm, arm's, fine. Or arm. Arm. Arm. Hair's fine. Yeah. I prefer that overhead hair. Yeah. Me too. Thinner. Yeah. Tiny. Much thinner. But the reason I say that I think it's out of self-defense. It's because my hair's all over the place.


And I think it's true that if you know me, you've eaten my hair. Yeah. Like to know me means you've eaten my hair Unquestionably. Yeah. Yeah. Undoubtedly. So I don't wanna be gross. So I guess I'm trying to like, I'm lobbying that hair eating's fine. What are people saying? They're saying slighting. No. Yeah. A lot of peoples, someone said skin, which was shocking to me. That's the worst. No. Well, What I think I would say skin. No. Well, when you're talking skin and a hotdog, it's gonna be like flakes. No, we're ta okay this week. Not like finger. Finger a Yeah. Not, no, not the whole finger. 'cause well, Yeah, that's gross. But A chunk of the skin.


It Does make a good point that a tiny chunk of skin, again, would feel like the texture of the hot dog. And it would And you largely wouldn't know. Yeah. You wouldn't know. I gotta put Hair last. 'cause you go, ugh. And then you're trying to get Keeps coming. Yeah. You're like, I know nobody likes that. But the reason is we've all done it. What if it's like three feet of hair and I'm Like a three foot hair? Well, this is the other thing. Often, maybe Hair is three feet long. No, two and a half. It's really long. Yeah. The other thing is, if there is a hair in my food, which again has always happens a lot. Yeah. I am always like, it's probably mine. That's, I immediately say to myself, it's probably mine. And then I don't look at the color and I don't think about it. And I don't have that luxury.


Why? Because if I start pulling a hair that's longer than three inches on my own, it's not mine. Well it's not mine if it's this small, this my arm Armpit hair, which can get up to nine, 12 inches. See It be yours. Yeah. Look, I do think I'm in a rare group about hair. Yeah. That's cool. I can acknowledge that. That's cool. That's we punk rock. Okay. Now the toothbrushing scene and bring it on. I'm just gonna play that. Okay. Okay. She's brushing her teeth. He, he's putting The paste on Colgate, I think now he's brushing. They're like, it's kind of like meat cutie.


Still going Still. Do we know why they're sharing a bathroom right now? No. I forget. Okay. He spit. Still brushing. Do you have any more volume you can give us? God, she spit. He spit again. Oh wow. Okay. They're spiting and re Now I don't do this. I do it once. Spit bit. They're also not, they don't have tooth cake hour. I whack. Oh. I dunno how it Fit. Fit. So it's kind of an aggressive back and forth. It's more of like a tit for tat. Like a war Anyw. Who? Well, that's that. Oh. Well thank you for those facts.


You're welcome. All right. I love you. Love you. Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.