
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert Experts on Expert. I'm Mike Sheard and I'm joined by Lily Padman. Hi. Hi. Returning guest from the early from the bygone era. That's right. And this is, there have been a few guests that have really captured our heart. We're just, it's true. We fall in love with their spirit. We do. And Eric Topol is like at the top of that list. We think he is the cutest person. Alive And smart as all heck Outrageously smart.


He is a cardiologist, a scientist and author and the director and founder of Scripps Research Institute. His books include Deep Medicine, the Patient. We'll see you now. That's what we had him on for last time. And now his new book, which is out Super Agers, An Evidence Based Approach to Longevity. This was a blast. Yes. And I, I wanna say his approach to longevity is different from a lot of people's approach. Yeah. That we've had on or talk about a lot of optimization. He's actually, I mean he's like with a lot of those people, but he has a lot of other opinions about it As well. Yeah. And friendly dust ups between Eric and I.


'cause I'm on one side of the spectrum. Sure. Please enjoy Dr. Eric Topol.


We are supported by Better Help. We've had a lot of talk recently about therapy when we had other Monica on, and how helpful it is in steering your way through so much of this quagmire that is your own perception. I just got a friend of mine into therapy and they really, really are liking it already. Oh, good. Mental health awareness is growing, but there's still progress to be made. 26% of Americans who participated in a recent survey say they have avoided seeking mental health support due to fear of judgment. When people hesitate to get help, it doesn't just affect them. It impacts families, workplaces, and entire communities. This mental Health Awareness month, let's encourage everyone to take care of their wellbeing and break the stigma. The world is better when people are healthy and happy. Better help as over 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapists. There are over 30,000 licensed therapists to choose from, from diverse backgrounds with a wide range of specialties. They make it easy to find a therapist who fits your specific needs. We're all better with help. Visit better help.com/x today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HEL p.com/dax.


We're supported by Happy Egg. I love an egg that you can, like The yolk is so bright. Yo. I like a dark orange yolk. Like when you get that dark orange, You know it's Good. You know it's high quality. Yeah. This restaurant go to all time for breakfast. Breakfast place. Yes. Yes. So good. I always think There's cheese in the scrambled eggs, but it's just the yolk. Yes. Happy Egg Hens are raised outside and the hens are treated with care on small family owned farms. Happy eggs. Farming standards lead to the hens being well. Happy. Happy hens, happy eggs. If you're making eggs, do yourself a favor and buy the best. You're going to taste the difference. Crack open. Happy with Happy egg. You'll find them in the yellow carton. Visit happy egg.com/dax to find a store near you.


He's an You're promoting longevity and we're giving you liquid Death. I know The irony. Something Wrong with that picture, isn't It? Is that your super cute Bronco out there? That's my daughter's. Oh, I like it. It Is cool. It's a very cool car. It is a bit oj. No, in a good way. In a good way. No, In a good way. Yeah. Also, I like that there could be a good way. Well, he was cool before he moved.


Well, yeah. Yeah. I don't know if you remember, but sales of those Broncos exploded after that. He did. Oh yeah. You couldn't get your hands on a white Bronco. No kidding. Oh yeah. Ford couldn't make him fast enough. Yeah. It was an accidental marketing. One of the main things you remember is the Bronco. What was the appeal that you beat like Oj? That's a great question. I think just seeing a vehicle on display for such a long period of time, and I guess it looked formidable and I think young men were like, Oh yeah, it's A's a nice Car. It's nice. Yeah. Yeah. Someone should do some social science on that. Malcolm. Yeah. How are you? It's been a while. I'm well, thanks. Yeah, it's been six years.


Pandemic in between. We sure Did. Sure. Lots of stuff's happened and You've moved a few times. I don't know what it was when we first did it then you were on Spotify. We were independent for three years, then we were at Spotify for three years and now we're at Wondery. That's great. I was Monica's medical consultant for the show. I think primary care physician for a while. Yeah, I definitely did reach out to you about my weird experience that turned out to be epilepsy. Congratulations. Yeah, I remember that. Yeah, it is it all under control now? Yeah, I'm on medication and it's all good. But you said it could be Oh did he? Yeah. Because it was quite a mystery and You said it could be seizures, but there really isn't any way to know unless it happens again, which is correct.


Can't do it over the phone And then it did. One of the things I really enjoyed was doing some fact checking. You would have somebody else and he would make stuff up. Yeah. Monica, is that true? No, not True. I did. Was that other person making stuff up me? Yeah. No. Probably No likely. But I hope it's gotten to you over the years. We talk about you quite a bit and we have such a warm spot in our heart for you. That was such a lovely interview the first time. Thank you. So last time you were here promising us that we would be completely without a need of a doctor. Our smartphone would be doing all of our stuff and here we're six years later and where are we at on that before we move on to We have a bum to pick. Yeah. We haven't been able to scan our kidneys. If the medical profession would let things happen, we would.


But AI doctor thing has really come a long way. We had an op in the New York Times recently about how there were six studies that showed that AI compared to a doctor with ai, the AI did better. Oh Jesus. So even having the human involved in the system made it worse. We don't know if it's 'cause doctors have a bias against using the AI even when they have it or they haven't learned how to work with it. But to see that it was not predicted at all. I Bet it's both. Right. Because I do think half of the art of AI is learning how to prompt it. It's such a specific way to communicate and I've only been dabbling in it and I am learning as I go how to get a better answer out of it.


Yeah, You're absolutely right. I think the doctors have not yet gotten grounded. That could be the explanation. How significant was it? Well, in these six studies, all of 'em were pretty substantial. No one in the field really predicted that. They always thought the human plus the AI hybrid would be the best. And one of the biggest things is doctors who have been keyboard slaves, data clerks are now getting three hours less keyboard time a day Because the AI is just in the room listening and handling all that stuff and Making a great audio with a transcript, follow up appointments, lab tests, prescriptions, preauthorizations, nudging the patient after the visit. What do we talk about? So all these things are happening and it's just a gift to doctors.


Nurses Could save the career path in a way because every time I interview a doctor and I ask if they would push their children into medicine, almost all of them say no. It's very disheartening to see how few doctors want their kids to pursue that. It Is, and it's such a great profession and I can't imagine one that would be more exhilarating sense of caring for people. But the work of having to deal with insurance companies and keyboard stuff, and most physicians are managed by being counter administrators and they basically want them to see more patients or read more scans. And that's interrupting why they went into medicine in the first place. So there's a disenchantment level. The burnout is as high as it's ever been.


It Seems like we need AI to be able to prescribe US medicine. And I guess we could have a bucket of that medicine, non-narcotic or whatever things you would not want to be gamed or be dangerous. Where were we at with that? And that's ultimately what you would really want is you get a thorough examination, asked that all the same questions as the doctor would ask you, you take some pictures and then it says you need this topical ointment. Go pick it up here. That's coming for the common things like skin conditions, rashes, urinary tract infections, ear infections for children. The US is different. A lot of countries you would get the prescriptions through an AI. Here there's much more protection about the medical need oversight, I think the next couple years for common things that are not life-threatening.


Right. Like one rung above over the counter. Yeah, Exactly. That would be incredible. Now I am curious because in your own history, you famously left the Cleveland Clinic in oh five because you were sounding an alarm that there was this drug Vioxx. Yeah. That was quite detrimental to patients. What Was it doing Causing heart attacks and strokes? The company Merck was suppressing it because it was a multi-billion dollar enterprise. We found out they knew about it. They actively were trying to hide this from the public. If I had to do it over again, I'm not sure we would've confronted Merck, but we did. And eventually they took the drug off the market.


Yeah. In oh four You were victorious in this. Yeah, In 2001 we'd predicted that it was gonna be a real problem. They were denying it for three years. They were basically having people try to take me and others down about selling the alarm. At the end of the day, they took the drug off. They never were charged criminally, which I think they should have been. They went through all sorts of legal things and they never really paid a price for what they did. And we don't even know how many thousands, hundreds of thousands of people were ill affected by this. And your pursuit of that then exposed this other problem that you got immersed in, which was this interconnectivity between the institute you were working at and the pharmaceutical company.


Yeah, That was the real shocker there. So I didn't know what was causing the new CEO to tell me. I couldn't talk to the media, basically put out a gag order. Normally never an issue about talking to a journalist. We had a 60 minutes thing, they were gonna come to Cleveland Clinic and he ordered them not to come. I had to go to New York, but it got even more intense. And then ultimately I found out that the chairman of the board of trustees was the best friend of the CEO of Merck. Oh. That was basically the telltale of why it was such a ferocious suppression of me. And that got into a conflict that was so profound.


They certainly needed to get outta there. Yeah. We would love to think there's a wall between research and big pharma and even hospitals and big pharma and this kind of showed that if there's a waltz permeable at best. That's a good way to put it. I would never have predicted it all kept secret for me. Yeah. Until it came out. When this first came out in 2001, it was a different CEO. He was very supportive. This is really important for the public. Couldn't understand what was going on. And then finally, So okay, if you left in 2005, 20 years later, do you think this problem is the same, less or more? Yeah. It's hard to know for sure, but it doesn't seem like we've done a good job of dealing with the farmer companies in general.


Did anyone From Purdue go to jail? No. That's a great example. And that was much bigger than Vioxx. The opioid crisis. Yeah. Yeah. But you're talking to millions of people and Told and publicly everyone knows about it. It's not even like it's hidden. We all know It's been nine shows, hundred, You know, millions have ruined their lies and died the Sacklers and Purdue. It's just been a money thing. How much money do we have to put this aside and how Purdue did this, all their illegitimate marketing and raising the dose and false claims. It's basically taking the VAX thing to the third power. It correlates beautifully with however much money the drug makes is what exponent it goes up by. Really How these drug companies can get away with this stuff and be immune to what any other person would have to face for doing things like this.


Yeah. It's just beyond me. So I guess I asked that question in pursuit of wondering, will these big institutions, big insurance, big pharma, the networks, will they try to put up roadblocks for this very democratized access to AI in phone medicine? There's Such perverse incentives in our country as opposed to other countries. Yeah, that may well be a problem. It's much less likely that AI will take full hold here as compared to the uk. Many countries in Europe, even Canada, certainly in China. So for example, we could see getting rid of hospital beds for the most part except for like intensive care units or the emergency room operating rooms.


But most hospital beds aren't necessary. We could monitor people in their home. Yeah. You got beds that are telling you how you sleep in your O2 level. I mean we're getting there. Yeah. You can convert a hospital room to an intensive care unit equivalent of monitoring and American Hospital Association isn't gonna let that happen. Right? Yeah. So that's just one example of what we could do with ai. 'cause AI would be used there to predict if a person's starting to develop the signs of trouble and then you would send in a team or you'd bring the person to the hospital. That's the number one cost of our $4 trillion a year healthcare is hospitals. We could make a big dent in that, but we have mal incentives to go in that direction. Okay. So I have an unpopular view, especially being a liberal.


People love to hold up the UK's national health system or Canada's, you're looking at what sector it's beneficial to if you're looking to generally just raise the overall access in health. I think it's very effective. Right? But I think you can't ignore the fact that anyone that needs something for real comes here. That's also true. We are also leading in so many areas. So all of this is built on this highly profitable system. So I think to ignore that aspect, and I have lots of friends that live in England, they're not all wild about it. I have lots of friends in Canada, they're not wild about it. What we get sold on here, just talk to folks that live there. Not everyone's wild about it. But I think the tipping point would be if those countries did embrace all this and we saw, oh no, you actually want to go there and use that.


Because again, the AI is catching the tumor at 78% accuracy and our doctor is getting it at 50. If it becomes superior because the tech is so much better. I think the current argument that holds sway kind of falls apart. I agree with you. So back in 2018, the UK government asked me to do a review of the NHS. So I spent two years going back and forth. They got me this incredible group of like 50 people. All the disciplines I got to work with. And you may know they are the leaders in the world in genetics, genomics. They have really run circles around any other countries. Is that because their access to data? Yeah. And they just took a lead on this early on that they wanted to make that future a part of their healthcare.


They set up this big UK Biobank, which is the world standard, has 550,000 participants and they're now doing our future health, which is 5 million. They already have 3 million into that. They're getting everyone's sequenced, they're getting newborn sequenced. But when I did this review, what I learned is they want to be the world leader in AI and do just what you said, Dax, they want to be getting the accuracy amped up because they don't have any obstacles. There's no billing, there's no insurance. Yeah, exactly. There's no tiers to the system. Do Doctors get paid a lot less there? Less? Some of them do private practice on the side to supplement their income. But yeah, generally it's less, but it's not real low.


The physicians in this country do quite well relative to world standards. Okay. So your new book is super ages An Evidence Based Approach to Longevity. This is right up my alley. As someone who turned 50 this year, you're Just a young puppy. Well that's very kind of you to say. But my most optimistic self doesn't think that I am not minimally halfway over on the ride. And I put a lot of thought and effort into trying to see as much of my kids' life as I can. So I'm really, really interested in this. You start the book with two patients, Mrs. LR and Mr. Rp. Why do you start with them and what is interesting about them? Lee Rusal, Mrs.


Lr who is proud to be identified. She was a recent patient and she was really a trigger for me to write the book because she came to see me in a clinic appointment referred the symptom was that she had some leg edema and didn't know why. Her primary care doctor wanted to know why. And then when I first saw her I said, well Mrs. Rusal, how did you get here today? I drove and she didn't look anything like her age, but her age was real. And then I started realizing her medical history, like there was none. Wow. So she was a prototype of a study we did actually called the welder. Actually my daughter Sarah ran that study. 1400 people she found with a couple other research nurses over the course of years like her.


Yeah, it's almost impossible to do. Right? Define someone who's 90 who's not had any, even the stat in the book is 95% of people over 60 have one chronic illness and 74% of people have two by the age of 16. She didn't even have high cholesterol. No, she had nothing. Oh my God. She's like a newborn. She's amazing. Did You find her battery pack in her motherboard? That was why we sequenced those 1400 people. No one had ever done a healthy aging study of genomics to see it's gotta be in their genes. Right, right. Yeah. It wasn't, there's nothing there. Hardly anything that we could find. And that was one of the earliest studies of whole genome sequencing in a big cohort. And to this day, the only study that we know of, of healthy aging, most of these studies looking at lifespan, they'll do sequencing of people a hundred years old or 90, 110.


But no one has tried to select out a group that we're never sick with any chronic disease. So when we didn't find anything that said, hmm. And so that's why I started to try to understand Lee as to what was accounting for this. And she's an artist. Oil painting has a gallery. She plays with her friend's Rummy Cube every week she does all these big jigsaw puzzles. So she's really a vibrant lady and fully intact. And then the other patient that I introduced the patient for 35 plus years and he was a very different 98 now 99. He had significant heart disease, heart attack, a bypass. I had put stents in when I was back at Cleveland Clinic.


And he's also had ablations for atrial fibrillation. But two years ago when he had COVID and was in the hospital, he never had to get into the intensive care unit. And he's just a really resilient person who also got to super aging with only one chronic problem of the age related diseases, heart disease. But man, it sounded like a pretty significant bit of heart disease. None of this sounds very mild. Not at all. And that was really a reflection, like a triumph for modern medicine, right? Yeah. In the sixties he would've died. Oh yeah. He is really a segue to where we could prevent his disease. Now that's what's so exciting. We couldn't have prevented it when he started having all these problems.


But we can now between these two patients has kind of run the gamut of why we have this exciting opportunity to become Super Agers. One route is to be the rare one, which is just never get any disease. And the other is, okay, we could prevent these diseases. Now everybody's working on magic potion or pill for aging peptide Pep. Oh we'll get to that. Monica, don't you worry? That's the last chapter. Okay. We have a lot to talk about. But on the other hand, we have a whole route we can go to take the big three age-related diseases on. Well, one thing I found very comforting, and I'm leaping ahead a bit, but if I understood this paragraph correctly, we do know some markers for aging, some DNA markers that are good for aging.


But you say that even if you were to have all 20 of those, really it's gonna be about 12% of the pie that's gonna predict your lifespan or health span. I found this deeply comforting because I don't come from a long line of old people. You and me both. Yeah. It's very scary. I think common wisdom growing up was, well you get good genetics or you don't. I guess I was a little relieved that that maybe at best is only 12% of the story. You're touching on one of the most important messages because so many people like us have a pretty poor family history. And we think all the time we're gonna be like our parents. That's not true at all. There's a limited part of that. But for the most part it's really our lifestyle factors and the things that we can do now that our parents grandparents couldn't do.


That's making a big difference. Now You break it up into five dimensions that help with health span extension. And I guess even though we've talked about it in the past, maybe we'll just delineate the difference between lifespan and healthspan. This is a big one. The focus on living longer is of course the wrong one. Most people would agree that if you're demented or you're suffering all sorts of other chronic illnesses that isn't really worth living longer. But if you can live healthily without a major disease and you're cognitively intact and you're not frail and you're vibrant, that's the goal. If you could hike to 85 or be sedentary to 105 from 70 on, yeah, I think we would all likely pick very active with a little less time.


That's The goal. And I think most people would agree they would like to have the longest health span that they could. There's too much focus on this longevity with these clinics and all this stuff and not enough on what we really are after. This is off topic, but to hear you say demented in the clinical sense, kinda like is that why for you like you like it be demented? Oh, I never hear it in the actual connected. You're only saying someone's wacky, right? Yeah. Like a young person Or they have a bad idea. Crazy. Yeah. I do need to know, have you watched the pit? Oh boy. Yeah. I watched one episode and I do want to get back to it. I just haven't had a chance. It's really good. That's what I hear. If you listen in the show, you'd hear it even more. I talk About it a lot Every single episode.


Okay. So the five dimensions that you break it up into are lifestyle cells, omics, artificial intelligence, and number five, drugs and vaccines. So I just will say up front, I read outlive Peter Tia's book. Yeah, sure. And just loved it probably 'cause it corroborated my belief in what you should do. But at any rate, lifestyle has gotta be the biggest chunk of this book. The biggest. And that's the biggest chapter in the book. And I get into a lot of the nitty gritty that people may not know about. People generally know some of the lifestyle factors, the big ones, diet, exercise, sleep, but they don't know that they're at risk for this condition and that they really gotta use these changes in their life to avert, prevent.


So the lifestyle factors are definitely of those five, the big one. But they all have interactions in Peter's book. He doesn't really mention ai. That has a big role now and in the future there's really not mention of cells which is saving people's lives. Now we're learning how we can control our immune system, dial it up or down. The immune system is kind of the basis of most age diseases in fact. And then omics is not just the genes, but it's our proteins. That's where there's been an explosion of new knowledge. Organ clocks we'll talk about, but the gut microbiome. So I think what's different about outlive, which I read and I actually interviewed Peter on my podcast. Oh, okay, great.


You know there are a lot of good parts of the book, but there's some crazy parts. Oh great. I want you to flag those. Yeah, he takes rapamycin. There's no data to support that. It's potentially dangerous. It suppresses your immune system. That's the last thing you really want to do. I know someone who qualified for the trial for it and they immediately got shingles And it was so bad spread through the whole body. Yeah, no, you don't want to suppress your immune system with unproven longevity or even health span. He also has everybody getting a total body MRI that can set up all sorts of false rabbit holes. So I had an argument with Dr. Mike about this 'cause I've had it and I'm pro, I understand what your concern is.


But I do think you can go into it with the right mindset, which is I'm not gonna chase down everything. I'm not gonna have a bunch of follow up stuff. I'm gonna look for a big ass tumor that we're gonna monitor and I'm gonna go next year and see if that thing's exploding. I mean, I think there is some way to do it, but I understand it does set off all this medical intervention that potentially has more downside. A perfect example in the book I talk about, a friend of mine who's a physician, writes for the New Yorker, drew Kolar. And he went because he was gonna interview Peter, he gets a total body MRI, he's like 40. They find this thing in his prostate. Now he has to get prostate biopsies every six months. And this is crazy. That's not a fun procedure to have to have and there's nothing wrong with him.


But he's become, you know, mentally You gotta be strong mentally to have it is my argument. The other comeback I'd have for you is if you're worried about cancer, which obviously a lot of people are, there's much better ways to go at it than to get a total body MRI. 'cause if it shows up as a mass on a total body MRI, it's gone pretty far along, you can find it in the microscopic in the blood. If you're at high risk, first you wanna know if you're at high risk, then you get a blood test that says in your plasma there's some tumor DNA. And we get that sequence and find out where it is. Then you could get the MRI and hopefully it doesn't show up on the MR MRI because that means it's pretty far along. But Eric, I smoked crack for years and I smoked cigarettes for 20 years. Like I needed a good scan.


I stand by my scan, found out I had scoliosis. I was like, go, let's go. I had no idea. It's extreme. Yeah. Well the other thing about Peter is he makes recommendations for the affluent. Not everybody can go and have a $902,000 MRI. Yeah, it sure isn't covered by insurance. But That's like saying driving Mercedes are bad because only some people can afford them. I get that. But you'd like to come up with things where everybody could benefit. Yes. And you know, ideally know lifestyle factors. Everyone can benefit. Yes. Everybody could sleep better, exercise more, eat the right foods. And that gets me to another thing I have a problem with as far as Peter. Okay, Great. A lot of things are good in his book, which has obviously been a big hit, but in the book he advocates of ridiculously high protein in the diet.


And I don't know if you adhere to that, but the recommended daily allowance is 0.8 grams per kilogram. And he says one gram per pound, he does it. That's way too much. It can be dangerous for your arteries. Not the protein itself, but what you're eating to get the protein. No, the protein itself, particularly if it's from animal derived proteins, it's been shown in the experimental models to test this. That if you get past a certain protein level, like the equivalent of one gram per pound. Yeah. Which no one else would recommend except Peter. Well, lane Norton, anyone that's into bodybuilding would the most important part of those studies is every single keto, plant-based, all diets, all the meta-analysis, if you control for protein, they all work the same.


That's really, really relevant. And that's just uber consistent. I actually think you should increase over the allowance. I'd say even up to 1.2, 1.4 per kilo. But we're talking about two to three times the highest. And there's no data to support that. It's safe, it's all conjecture. I want hard data. If there's risk, you better balance it with some proof that it's helping people. Surely. So those are the sorts of things. They're too extreme. But There's a lot of really good things that he put in the book. Well what We could agree, and the only thing I was gonna borrow from the book is he points out we got great with vaccines and we got great with treating with antibiotics, a lot of different diseases. What we all now have to deal with is these chronic four disorders, obesity and diabetes, heart disease, cancer, and then neuro, which are in your book.


So these are the four that are gonna most plague us. Now we're not gonna die of cholera or some medieval disease anymore. These are the four that we gotta really focus on. And lifestyle is hugely impactful for the four horsemen. I actually say the three age-related major diseases, heart cancer and neurodegenerative. I don't see obesity and diabetes. They're very important, but they feed into the other three. You don't die of obesity, you don't die of diabetes. But they accelerate, atherosclerosis, increase the risk for cancer, increase the risk for dementia, Alzheimer's. So I see it differently. What I'm getting at is obesity isn't an age related disease.


The three big killers are the age related diseases. The Glip one drugs, Ozempic and Manjaro. They have had transformational impact well beyond we ever would've expected. We're gonna build on that now. There's a pill that simulates the injectables and just gonna get more and more practically accessible, not requiring injections more potent. And building on that success, which I'm not saying we have the definitive treatment for obesity. We have the best we've ever had. Absolutely. It takes down obesity along with all of its associated conditions and then gets onto things like addiction. And who would've thought I know. So it's now being tested in Alzheimer's. We now know the mechanism.


It's not just about weight loss, it's about blocking inflammation in the body and in the brain. The fact that it's being tested in Alzheimer's in big trials that will get the end of this year or the beginning of next year. I Mean, yeah. Should we just all be on it? I pose that question in the book that someday would this be something that would be maybe not universally used but very commonly used? Because right now it's the most impressive class of drugs we've ever seen because the side effects are short term, they're GI side effects. Yeah. The only one that troubles me is the muscle loss. Yeah. That's the only thing you gotta really be on top of. Absolutely. So the muscle loss is a concern. And you know it's a concern 'cause the drug companies are buying up companies that make drugs to build up muscle.


When you lose weight, you also lose muscle mass. Yeah. And all the studies so far, there are some people that are losing more muscle mass than they should correct it for their weight. That seems to be blocked if people do a lot of resistance training, strength training. But there are some that they so-called sarcopenic obesity where they get rid of the obesity, but now they're frail. We don't want that. Yeah. Right. Yeah. The other thing we don't want is to have to require a person to take a drug for the rest of their life. Although, okay, so I was arguing with a friend recently. Yeah. And he said, oh, I don't wanna be on that 'cause I here you might have to take it for the rest of your life. And I said, are you stressed out that you have to drink water every day for the rest of your life? Or that you gotta eat food every day for the rest of, there's a lot of shit.


We gotta, you brush your teeth for the rest of your life. I think that's a weird mental hiccup. Well, I'm glad you brought that up Dex, because I've had some medical colleagues, when I say we gotta come up with a weaning plan, they say, does a diabetic have to take insulin? Do you have to take your high blood pressure medicines every day? So yeah. But it's a little different because first of all, we haven't had people just with obesity take these drugs for more than four or five years. Am I right in that the diabetics have been taking this medicine for 15 or 20 years? Yes. It's not as new as people think. That's Right. And in fact, they'd been taking it for 20 years. And the real thing that got off the track there was we kept thinking that they never lost much weight diabetics.


They lost three pounds, five pounds. So why would you ever study a drug to lose weight when the people didn't lose weight? Right. And then this woman scientist at Novo Nordisk in Denmark says, we gotta study it in people who are obese. And finally they listened to her. Right. And it took 20 years to show that the people who don't have diabetes but are obese, they can lose 20, 30, 50, 60 pounds. And we still don't know today why people with diabetes don't lose much weight. Yeah. That's weird. We have no idea why. I didn't know that if you have diabetes and you're on the drug, you don't. Minimal amount. There's lots of theories, but no one knows really why. Huh. Also the precarious origin of the medicine having been invented by a company that's primary source of income is insulin production.


And the fact that they even allowed this drug that potentially was gonna cannibalize their real business, all of it's very interesting. It goes back To the he a monster saliva and you know, all kinds of stuff. Yeah. But the big diabetes companies are the principles. You could have seen them almost killing this thing because they're like, well that's just gonna destroy our, they Took the gamble that this would be bigger And it, and boy did they win. And it seems like it is. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We're supported by Claude, the AI assistant. That just feels different. You know, we're curious about the old artificial intelligence here on the pod. We are curious, And we always want to give our arm cherries the if you know you know tips. We sure do. So they need to meet our new pale Claude. While other AI sound like robots. Claude just gets it with the emotional intelligence. Whether I'm researching guests or refining my latest meal plan to get Brad Pitt's abs or looking for the best dating advice to give Monica Claude is the fact checker in your pocket while you're in the arm share. Well that's exciting for us. I like having an extra companion. Welcome to the team, Claude. You can try Claude for free now@claude.com. That's C-L-A-U-D e.com.


We are supported by Ring With Ring. You can be there from anywhere with doorbells and cameras that help you see more to exciting features that help you know more to the app. That lets you connect more. See more at the front door, up high and down low with battery doorbells. Head to toe video. Capture it all, all day and all night with 24 7 recording. And get smarter alerts that know the difference between a person and a package. Right in the Ring app. Now I relied on these ring photos quite a bit for our Unfortunate violation. Yes. It was so good to have all that. It's also, It just brings peace of mind to know you can check at any time. Yes. With Ring you can check in and be there from anywhere. Some features require a subscription and are available only on select ring devices. Exclusions apply. Learn more@ring.com.


We are supported by ShipStation. Boy did they bail us out. We had an incredible merch drop recently. Thousands of orders came in. Carly would've been buried without ShipStation. 'cause life can be unpredictable. And if you're in charge of order fulfillment for an e-commerce business, you know that it's its own special kind of chaos. ShipStation is the partner you can count on to help your day-to-day stay as calm as possible. Save hours and money every month by shipping from all your stores with one login, automating repetitive tasks and finding the best rates among all the global carriers. You can focus on other parts of your business because ShipStation takes the worry out of your shipping and fulfillment processes. You'll never need to upgrade. ShipStation grows with your business no matter how big it gets seamlessly. Integrate with services and selling channels you already use and manage orders on one easy dashboard. Calm the chaos of order fulfillment with the shipping software that delivers. Switch to ShipStation today. Go to shipstation.com and use code Dax to sign up for your free trial. That's shipstation.com code Dax.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apply for Apple card today and start earning up to 3% daily cash back on everyday purchases. And that daily cash can even grow automatically when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. What are you waiting for? Visit apple.co/card calculator today to see how much daily cash you can earn. Subject to credit approval savings available to Apple card owners subject to eligibility, savings. And Apple Card by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA member FDIC terms and more@applecard.com.


Okay. So in lifestyle, let's go through some of this stuff. So diet, you're taking a real magnifying glass to a lot of these things that we're already aware of. Yes. When we talk about diet, let's talk about ultra processed food and sweeteners a little bit. The Ultra processed foods, the evidence is remarkable that they're toxic. The age-related disease is the big three. They're potentiating all of them. The US is the worst in the world for intake of ultra processed food. My kids bring home stuff sometimes and I'm like, how did they even think of this much less construct? This product? Yeah. It was like Reese's Pieces, cups, popcorn. And I was like, well you're damn right. That's gonna be delicious. But how did they do it? The kids, more than 70% of their intake of calories is through ultra processed foods or energy.


70% for the adult population. It's horrible. Yeah. So we have to do something about this. Nothing really has been done that's different in other countries, particularly in Europe with a lot more awareness. How are we gonna let this go on? Because the companies have figured out what tastes good, where the reward circuits are in the brain and changing the texture, adding these things alien stuff that they throw in there. It's all programmed to be ingested at the highest level. There was a 60 minutes on long ago and the segment was about food additive chemists. They're basically perfumers Really? And they take this group of them to an orange grove in California and they're watching them all take one off the tree and peel it. And then they're tasting it.


And this one scientist says, Oh yeah, it's this breaking down all the things. And he said, now we wouldn't design it like this. 'cause you'll notice the taste lasts for a really long time. It stays in your mouth for a bit. And we want something that goes away almost immediately after you experience the nice taste so that you want to replace it. And I was like, this is actually nefarious. It's not just I want to make it taste good, I want to make it taste good for a blip. So you have to have more immediately. How are you gonna compete with a brain trust like that? Figuring out how to make you eat as much as possible. We're the prey. We have to do something about this because all these foods can be made without all this gunk in there. In the book I bring up about the young people developing cancer now, it's a big issue.


It's been going up at levels. We've never seen Specific types. Colon Cancer is one of the biggest ones. But even breast cancer in women in their twenties and thirties. Ridiculous. We never saw this stuff before. Now it's starting to become a big issue. What's the mechanism that would be happening? The big theme in this is inflammation. Ultra processed foods. Once it gets through your GI tract, you absorb it. It incites inflammation throughout your body and even the gut to brain, which is how the Glip one drugs like Ozempic works. It also activates the circuits and the brain is the master circuit for the immune system. So basically you've got activation of immune system inflammation that's not good.


And the ultra processed foods are doing that. And so they can convert a person who's pre-diabetic to be actually diabetic. It certainly would be considered now clearly a risk factor for cancer, for cognitive deficit for heart disease. I mean the list is pretty remarkable. How can we keep denying it Now, when I talked to my friend, the FDA commissioner twice, Rob Koff who was onto this, he says, well, Eric, the US Department of Agriculture, it's really tough to work with. And then we got big food. We're talking about the pharma industry, big food, try to change their ways, try to challenge them. So we haven't taken them on and we need to, By the way, this GLP-1, there's so many things that are auxiliary to it.


One of them being, you've read these articles where these food companies are now worried that people are not gonna be eating junk food as much. Yes. They have to have a game plan in place. So isn't that weird? What you're bringing up is extraordinary because by understanding these circuits between the gut and the brain axis, the fact that people now want to eat healthier foods while they're on this drug. Yeah. So they're not only eating less food, drinking less alcohol, but also turning to healthy foods. And so like you said, the food industry. Now what do we do? It Feels so good to be true. Is that why a couple months ago there was that whole study about alcohol causing cancer. Is that because of the inflammation? I'm glad you brought that up. It sticks With me. We're both gonna service our own pet projects.


Hers is alcohol. Mine's weightlifting. My next substack ground truth is gonna be on this because in the book there's a little bit of that, but there's three new studies. One of which was the Surgeon general who I did a podcast with. Murthy. Yeah, The ve, we've had 'em on as well. Yeah. We like, Yeah, before his came out there was the National Academy of Medicine. And then subsequently there was another HHS report. So there's three and they're all different. Oh. And first of all, the one that was the most carefully done, the National Academy of Medicine original data, they drill down in everything. They say, Hey, you know, moderate drinking can actually save lives and reduce cardiovascular mortality. That's what we grew up with. Yeah. One glass of wine's good for your heart. They were not so stringent.


Whereas Murthy and the Surgeon Generals report and the the other one where even a little better alcohol is bad for you. The mechanism isn't known. But we do know that in large quantities, that's really the big debate. It's mutagenic. Alcohol can cause mutations and mutations can lead to cancer. So that doesn't necessarily have to invoke inflammation. There are countries that now have labels on the bottles of alcohol and wine that this could cause cancer. As well as everything else in this story. Yeah, exactly. You're Just like overwhelmed by it at some point. We Don't really have the data to support that. But Ireland, where there's some heavy drinkers and other places, they have put that on labels. So the cancer story is the one that's of main concern.


The only thing that these three reports agree on is the breast cancer risk. The other cancers esophageal colon is much less definitive. They're fuzzy. They don't agree. Now I loved this 'cause I am a abuser of caffeine. So tell us about caffeine and its impact. This Is, I think the Shocker. There's only good news in your book, I think. No, there's more. There's more. I talk about good foods in There. You do. And all about exercise. I'm into that. Yeah. I think the interesting thing about caffeine is a lot of people have thought, I better not drink too much. It's bad for me. All the data as I reviewed in the book showed if you're drinking less than four cups a day, not only is that not harmful, but there's lots of Benefits.


Yeah. You need to pick up the pace. Wow, this Is great. After Four cups, for the most part, when you look at all the studies, then you say, Hmm, maybe that's not so good. But coffee, we don't know why it's so beneficial. Well, it has a huge antioxidant effect. Or It has. But you know a lot of antioxidants, yeah, we don't really know. But you have to say, looking at the studies, it's just the opposite of these things. Like ultra processed foods where the evidence is all going one way for caffeine and coffee. It's all going the other way. And it's good. Where are we on on red meat versus plant-based? Red meat is a problem 'cause it induces inflammation. It's okay to have it on a limited amount, but some people eat a lot of red meat and they ought to reassess that because the correlation with all cause mortality, cancer, cardiovascular, Alzheimer's, it's all there.


And so ultrapro foods and red meat track together. And then there's the words, which is the meat and process. Yes. Anytime you study humans, it's just such a messy business. It is. So you go red meat. Okay, well what's your red meat consumption? Well, if we look closer, it's like, well, red meat consumption's largely probably happening through hamburger consumption. And now when we eat hamburgers, what else do we eat? People eat french fries with hamburgers. Like how you're parsing out the red meat. As opposed to if we studied anyone who only eats a plate of ground beef, that's a hard person to find. Nobody's condoning the french fries as a healthy food. Right. I'm just saying, how do we parse out? I think the question is, the red meat is something that, hey, if you have it once a week or a couple times a month, no one's gonna say that's a problem.


But if you have a good portion three times, four times a week, that's where you start to see, hey, this is gonna be inciting inflammation in your body. And we have some inflammation markers. They're not great. We need better ones. Yeah. But that's a way to tell if your diet is off track. So I don't know how many hamburgers you eat. You would be so mad at me. I don't wanna lose you as a friend. He doesn't eat Hamburgers. But a lot of red Meat. Probably eat a lot of red meat. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. I eat a lot of meat. But also I'll add, I have psoriatic arthritis. I do not wanna be an immune suppressant. I was for years. It took me seven years to figure out what was triggering it all. So I have a diet now that works for me and I don't have to be on any medicine and I don't have any symptoms anymore.


Is that a Ketogenic diet? Well, I can't eat gluten, I can't eat garlic, I can't eat peanuts. A list of things. But what the result ends up being is, yeah, I have a pretty low carbohydrate diet because I can't eat pasta or bread, but I'm not afraid of a potato or some rice. Yeah. Well that's all Right. And my cholesterol right now is great. All my markers, and I'm spoiled in that. We're in a study with Dr. Richard Isaacson for Alzheimer's. So I'm getting a lot of work done there. Okay. I get a lot of blood panels. Things are good. That's terrific. But I do eat an amount of red meat that would really break your heart. Well, but That has to be individualized. You present a different circumstance. You have this autoimmune disease. We make these recommendations for everyone. But everybody has a little different story behind it. And That's the most exciting part of this chapter is with the help of AI for people to actually know what diet they should be on, to me seems like would be one of the most helpful things.


I totally agree. It was a fascinating study that just came out. Over 105,000 people filed for 30 years, and only 9% of them made it to age 70 with no age related diseases. And so I say, well, what are these 9% eating? Yeah. And basically it was plant-based diets, vegetables and fruits. That's the best known diet we have. Best validated a Mediterranean like diet. But that doesn't mean that's the right diet for everyone. And as you say, using ai, there's some big studies going on right now. Hopefully they won't be derailed at NIHA big investment to see if we can find the right diet for each person. 'cause each of us metabolize things differently. Yeah. And we have other coexisting conditions or we're at risk for different things.


And so when you have all that data, and that's where you use this multimodal ai, you can really help people to guide them as to what would be best for them. Yeah. The notion we'd have a food pyramid for 300 million people is a fucking fantasy. Yeah. Yeah. And so then we'll get out of this mode of, you eat too much this. That's where we are right now. It's crazy. We have to get down to the individual level. And I think it's been the great frustration with consumers, with the nutritional sciences in general, which is we're wanting them to have a magic bullet for all humans. And of course that's why they contradict each other all the time. And there's no consensus in that field. It's a very frustrating field to monitor, but it's because we are so individual. And that's really gonna be the answer probably.


This is such a fundamental part of our life, what we eat, and the fact that we haven't cracked the case yet. We know from glucose sensors that people have a totally different response to having spikes of glucose for the exact same food. Exact same time. Yeah. The exact same amount. And so we've seen the same thing with our lipid. And that's what we have to get to the determinants and to give the best counsel to people so they'll know. And it may not be that it's the same diet throughout their whole life. You maybe you need to reassess it at times, but we're gonna get there someday. We didn't have the way to deal with all this data. Billions of data points for each person and many different layers of data. Their gut microbiome and their glucose sensors, their diet and their stress, their physical activity, all these data points, now we can actually analyze that, which is extraordinary.


And what would that AI model look like? Will that be a combination of it having mapped your genome? You're wearing some sensors, it knows what you're eating. How will that come together? Yeah, So we just did a study soon to be published. And we had a thousand people. We got all those layers of data. They took pictures of everything they ate and had the glucose sensor. We did their genome sequence, their gut microbiome, track their physical activity, sleep. And so we could figure out in those people what was driving their abnormal glucose spikes. And also who would wind up being the ones to go risk from marching on from pre-diabetes to actually getting to diabetes. Right. So it can be done now. It requires some pretty sophisticated AI modeling, but it's just gonna be done a lot more.


This is one of the first studies to really try to get at it. And I do think the interactions between sleep, physical activity, stress, what you eat, all these things are very complex. We as humans can't analyze this stuff. Yeah. We can't even keep track. Yeah. No. Even when you ask people to say what they ate and they need help. And also it's a tall order to ask people like, don't eat carbs. Well, wouldn't it be great if they said, oh no, no, you can have as many potatoes as you want. Stay away from rice and you're allowed to have this. That's a manageable approach for people. Right. Oh, I think that'll be a breakthrough. Okay. I have to ask 'cause my wife will wanna know this. The most environmental toxins, how serious of a concern are these? I Think it's very serious. And the data. I review the big three, the fine particulate air pollution, you know, less than 2.5, the microplastic nanoplastic story, which is really troubling.


And then the forever chemicals, you could add pesticide to that of course, but they're really troubling. 'cause if you watch all the graphs, they just keep getting higher, higher, higher burden, more plastics, more forever chemicals, worse air quality, even without wildfires. So we're not doing anything about it. Here we are. We have these great new ways to prevent age-related diseases. Fantastic. But what are we gonna do as I call lifestyle factors, which is our exposures to these big three. The plastics one is really compelling because we now have plastics in the brain correlated with dementia. Okay. Ugh. So I need more info when I get in these debates with her. I go, I'm not arguing at all that we're not measuring more plastic in the body.


Or is the studies where we know the impact? There's One, it's in the book because I'm a cardiologist, it's the one that gets to me. So it was done in Italy. These patients were having what's called a carotid endarterectomy, where they took the plaque outta their carotid artery, which can cause a stroke. And so it's an operation. And they analyzed, do they have microplastics and nanoplastics in their arteries? 70% of them had, and they not only had that, but you could see right around where the plastics had accumulated in the plaque. That was where there was really nasty inflammation. So The body was rejecting, It was seeing it as alien foreign matter. Right. It was inflamed to try to protect the body, but in fact, it was inciting big time inflammation in an artery that gets in the bloodstream that you wouldn't want.


But that's not all they did. Then they followed these people. Did they have more heart attacks and strokes? And did they die because of heart attack? Yes. Four and a half fold more than the people who didn't have plastics. You're Gonna pull out a gun and shoot me. But again, I'm just curious. Yeah. Where would you be getting all these plastics other than your drinking from a ton of soda? And are we actually seeing the result of a massive soda consumption or the plastics in the bottle? That the soda came in? We're actually even Breathing in, but the most of it is coming through what we drink and eat. So plastic bottles. Where's all the water bottles? Well, yeah. It's not just soda water. It's, it's a great counter. You know what we have people take their food, put it in plastic to store it, and then they're gonna heat it up and they put it in the microwave.


Talk about a double whammy. The food's stored in the plastic, and now we're going to heat it up so all the microplastics can fully embed into the food that we're now going to eat. Oh, Fuck. We gotta change that. Okay. You don't Use plastic? I do. I'm the only one in my family. The whole family's like all plastics, but I'm like, I'm like the old man. Well, it sounds like Kristen is onto it. She's on it. I'm the only one that's still drinking out of the plastic water bottle. I do drink out of plastic water Bottles. I know. I have these blender cups and I fill 'em up over and over again with protein shakes and stuff. Essentia comes in plastic. But you see the millions of tons of plastics that are accumulating That is non biodegradable. I know. So it just stays with us forever. Now our fish are eating the plankton. It's everywhere. We're not doing enough to work against that.


And it's one of those things that's this kind of compounded problem. It's getting worse all the time. I lost that one. The heart attack study, to me, was the most compelling of all. And then the recent study about a spoonful of plastics in your brain and how that was associated with a much higher risk of dementia that didn't feel good either. I don't know how someone is two standard deviations above or below the plastic consumption. It comes in your can that is aluminum, but it's got a plastic line. Like how on earth is anyone taking in more or less. So your point is a really important one is at the individual level, how much can you do? 'cause it's so pervasive. You can do some, but we also need to take this seriously. Yeah. 'cause there are some solutions in sight. There are ways to combat this that have been published some really elegant science work.


We're just not implementing it. It's like we're just ignoring it all. There's so much happening. You get fatigued on all the problems we have. The fires thing happen, right? Big panic in my house, and I'm like, it's gonna cut however many years off our light. It's gonna cut that many years off of every single person we know. In some weird way. I go like, yeah, but we won't be uniquely punished for this. It's everyone. It's everything. And an illusion that you can escape it. So maybe I've surrendered, despite The fact that we've been talking about some worrisome things, I have overwhelming optimism. And the reason I say that is because, okay, we've got these things that are in the way, but we have a new path to preventing the big three age related diseases. And if we can do that and start to get serious about the burdens that we are facing environmentally, then we win it all.


Yeah. Okay. So we nailed the lifestyle portion. We skipped exercise, but I talk enough about that social isolation. We've also had Vivek on a couple times talk about that. That's really relevant. But let's talk about cells and what's coming our way and what's gonna help us. A perfect example, since you've had an autoimmune condition. Yeah. Knowing one would've predicted that your lupus systemic sclerosis, you could give them a way to ablate their B cells on their body, and then they regenerate and they forget that they ever attack you. The autoimmune is cured. Who would ever guess that? Yeah. You think it's destroyed and you even say there's damage within these organs and you would think that would be permanent. Yeah. Well, basically you stop any autoimmune attacks because the disease is over.


Now, if there's already been kidney damage from the lupus or something like that, you may not get reversible effects. How does that work? What happens? This Is fascinating. There's so many things in medicine that we don't know for sure. We've talked about a couple of them. When the B cells come back, it's like control, alt, delete. When your computer's aren't working, you just reboot it. Whatever the memory was that was leading to the self attacks, it's now loss. And that's what's altering your T cells or suppressing your T cells. These are B cells or B cells. I'm sorry. What are B cells? B cells are the ones that produce the antibodies. T cells are your cellular immunity that are basically going after cells, like the CD eight cells that are cytotoxic that just basically kill the cell. But I wouldn't be surprised because of all the advances that we're seeing in controlling the immune system, dialing it up or down, dialing it up in cancer, especially to fight the cancer, dialing it down to get rid of autoimmune diseases, which is amazing.


Yeah. Instead of you having to take a immunosuppression drug all your life to block something like psoriatic arthritis, these drugs like rapamycin, you get more infections. They're risky drugs. I didn't want to be on it. I'm trading this for cancer, potentially. I'm training this for an infection. And you're having to increase them, which is the nature of them. Yeah. So that's why it's so exciting to see the discovery that we can cure. We never were able to cure autoimmune diseases. Right. And multiple sclerosis is a horrible condition. Yeah, yeah. Which we now know is rooted with this virus if Epstein Barr virus, and now we know that we can also potentially use this tactic to cure it. Yeah. Did they find that MS has this triple whammy?


If you've had Epstein Barr and herpes, You don't only have to have herpes, you don't just Epstein Barr will do it. Almost all of us had Epstein Barr. You have to have a genetic predisposition as well. Okay. And then there's even potentially a third hit, which would be your microbiome of your gut. But the two principles are requisite Epstein-Barr virus exposure and a genetic susceptibility for immune system to go into self attack mode. Okay. And it just starts eating your Mylon sheath. Yes. Horrendous condition. The treatments for it. They're not good in terms of completely blocking the progression of the disease. And so we have needed, for all these years, a much better approach to controlling our immune system.


And the chapter in the book is dedicated to that because this is one of the really exciting frontiers in medicine right now. And where are we at in that? We're in clinical trials Every few months is another big breakthrough. We treated these four people with this multiple sclerosis, or what was a few now is probably a hundred plus people that have had cures. Whoa. And yet now studied for three years later and no sign of any comeback of the disease. So it looks really encouraging. Yeah. Okay. Omics. So omic is all this biological layers. It's our DNA, but used to think DNA, that's our whole programming that determines everything. Well, that couldn't be further from the truth. That's just one layer. It's important, but it's not everything by any means.


There's RNA, there's proteins, then there's the gut microbiome, and the epigenome is the packaging of the DNA. So it's the methyl groups, ace groups, his stones. These are all things that, how does that DNA gets so compressed into this tight structure, epigenome those components, they are really important because they are like a regulator of the DNA and the proteins. Don't make this one, make this one. Right. So these layers of the omics, we've now learned so much about all of them. One of the biggest ones is we now have clocks for the body. So I could say, Dax, we're gonna get your proteomic clock. Each organ, I can say you're 50, but your heart is 38, your kidney is 52, Your liver is 65.


Yeah. We could do that. Who would've ever thought we can Do that? Yeah. How, I gotta say, there's another thing I get skeptical of is these people parade out of some tests and they're like, I'm 38. And I'm like, I don't know. I agree with you. Because when it's being sold, they want to give you favorable results. Yes. I don't trust that stuff. I don't trust anybody. Hawking supplements who it says they're a longevity scientist. If you're a good scientist, you don't need to hawker supplements if it's done right. The epigenetic clocks, the methylation. Steve Horvath is the one who discovered this, uncanny that is a body wide clock. So we'll say, okay, you're this age. Well, there's a gap here because your body wide clock tells us it's this age biological Clock.


Is it a blood test? Can be done with blood, but it can be done with saliva. Oh, wow. Then the organ clocks, this was discovered by a fellow at Stanford, Tony Wiss Coray, who's a brilliant guy, very humble. Yet he's made these amazing discoveries. This was back to the end of 2023 in nature. And these eight organ clocks now have been validated by many other groups. And that's much more to me, important than just your body wide aging. 'cause I wanna know, which is the organ that's we need To monitor. Exactly. Exactly. We couldn't Do that before. Yeah. Right. And then we have these proteins like PT two 17, which says, Hey, 20 years before you could ever see mild cognitive deficit, we've got this marker that you're at risk.


Yeah. And we're gonna get all over it. So you never have to worry about that. And that's basically the theme of the three age related diseases. One that they take more than 20 years to set in. So you can't get Alzheimer's or cancer except for very rare types of cancer. It's an infection or heart disease. You gotta wait 20 years. You have a lot of runway to work with. Yeah. Yeah. The second thing is, we talked about they all have this problem of hyper inflammation, abnormal inflammation, immune system. That's basically the underpinning. And they're all preventable right now. They're preventable overall, like heart disease, 80%, 40 to 50% for cancer and Alzheimer's with lifestyle factors. But when you know who's at risk and you know all these things we can do to go into surveillance and high gear prevention.


There's no reason why we can't prevent these diseases fully. And then now we get into artificial intelligence. Yes. When you have all these layers of data, all your omics, all your records, all your behaviors, lifestyles, exposures, you have multimodal ai, And it says you're not at high risk for these three age-related diseases, lucky you. Or usually it's one of the three, not three most people. This is the one you gotta go after. And you go into surveillance and prevention mode. And this is where we're gonna tighten up these certain risk factors. We're gonna direct our resources and our mindfulness on this. Yeah. So Just like we're talking about with the nutrition, but now for health span, we individualize a preventive plan for you.


Now that we know this is your vulnerability, A lot of people fortunately don't have vulnerabilities until a later point in time. Do you think a lot of people will be listening and going like, yeah, that all sounds great. Some people are gonna get access to that, but there's no way it's gonna get democratized to a point where I'm ever gonna be able. Yeah. Well, that goes back to our earlier point. I want it to be for everyone. Because the data that you need to put the layers of data for the ai, the AI software, it's inexpensive. If we are really interested in the health of our population, we would make this available to everyone. If it wasn't an insurance company that only has you for one year before you switch. But if it was a country that the overall population is their responsibility and what they're after.


So if we really are into it for that reason, then we would make it available to everyone. 'cause what is the cost in our society to these big three diseases? That's what eats up all our resources. 4 trillion. Yeah. I mean, we talk about the hospitals, but it's the people that are in the hospital because they have the cancer or they're in these facilities because they have Alzheimer's. And then all the heart disease that we still have number one killer still today. They say like 80% of your lifetime resources you spend in the last couple years of your life. Yes. And there's these three diseases. If we can prevent them, it's in the national, the world of Interest. We could spend all that money on defense. Yeah.


Oh my God. Yeah. Well, if that'll sell it. Sure. Too much common sense there. I know. But So we talked about GLP ones, the T-cell engineering, That's another part of the cell story. This is really amazing. Now you can take T cells out of the body with crispr. You take the T cells, you genome edit them. You basically are directing them now to go after certain proteins of a person's cancer. It can be curative for leukemia, lymphoma. And now there's been many cures, even in solid tumors, even in tumors that are the worst, like pancreatic. They're sent in as a seek and destroy mission. And by the time they are gonna lose their life, they've done a lot of their work.


How long do they live? This is weeks. And you're talking about a patient whose cancer is uncontrolled. And so basically they're revving up the immune system, and so they don't have to do it all themselves. The T cells are connected to the B cells that are connected to the everything natural killer cells, the tumor microenvironment. So basically they are setting the stage for an attack. Then there's the other part of this, which is these antigens, the proteins on the surface of the cancer cells, you can make vaccines directed against them. So it doesn't have to be cellular. You can make a mRNA vaccine using that platform with nanoparticles and then inject that. And that can rev up an immune system as well against a cancer.


It's a different way. But we've seen some cures now for kidney cancer and pancreatic cancer with that. Are we in an age where we might get a vaccine for every type of cancer at some point? Well, There's two parts of this story. One is using a vaccine to amp up the immune system in a person who has cancer, which you can never get enough immune response in someone with cancer. We're learning all the tools like the engineered T-cells, CAR T as it's called, or the neoantigen vaccines. But that is different than you're at high risk for this type of cancer. We're gonna give you vaccines. So you never get that cancer. Yeah, Right. We basically train your T cells to identify this preemptively.


Yeah. So this is a part in the book when I get into what is the missing link right now, because I want to do that. But we don't have a readily available way to check your immune system. There is no such test today. It's available. Basically you get this cockamamie ratio of your white cells to your lymphocytes, which is not worth much. What we want is a immune system checkup to know. 'cause if your immune system is down, that's when you start to see the vulnerability to cancer. Or if it's up the vulnerability to an autoimmune condition. They're done in academic labs. Like I volunteered to be in the human immuno project, which is run outta Yale. And I also put in the book a big immune test where every auto antibody in my body, every exposure to every virus I've ever had in my life.


That's the kind of thing we all should know about. We will someday. We're on the brink of starting to get that to commercial level. As we get to my age, we have this thing called immunosenescence, right? Mm. Right. And some of us, because of aging, our immune system isn't working real Well. That's all the old people who died in COVID. Exactly. And so if we knew about those people, immune system, that's how stupid we are today. Right. Because not all old people were susceptible. Right? Right. But the ones who their immune system was compromised, we could have done things to rev that up. We're missing that right now, but in the next few years, it'll be available. I mean, I've already had one of these tests and working on getting the other more comprehensive one. And I just hope that we rev that up because that's the missing link right now.


Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by vital proteins. Vital Proteins is the most popular brand of collagen peptides in the US for a reason. They're the experts. It's simple to add to your routine. And it has four benefits all in one, helping to support hair, skin, nails, bones, and joints. These are all things that I really am in a battle to keep healthy. Me too. And this is the kind of peptide I can get behind. Yeah. You love this and it's tasty. Very. By adding one, serving a vital proteins, collagen, peptides daily, you can help support your hair, skin, nail, bone, and joint health. It's an easy life hack that will have you feeling and moving your best. Get 20% off by going to vital proteins.com and entering promo code Dax at checkout. That's vital proteins.com promo code Dax for 20% off. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


We are supported by Quince one day. It's cool. The next, you're sweating through your clothes. That's how you know it's time to switch things up. Quince is gonna have exactly what you're looking for as we move through spring lighter layers, better fabrics and prices that don't make you think twice. I've been in the market for shorts, short sleeve shirts. I'm getting prepped. Monica and Quince is the place. It's time to do a little refresh. This is such a good place because it's a really good price, but it's really good quality. Super high quality quince is all the things you actually wanna wear. Like organic cotton, silk polos, European linen bee shorts, D ding D, and comfort pants that work for everything from backyard hangs to nice dinners. Quince keeps prices down by working directly with top artisans and cutting out the middlemen, giving you luxury pieces without the crazy markups. In this economy, making the most of your dollars is a priority. Quince gets that. Elevate your closet with quince. Go to quince.com/dax for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/dax.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, to double check the hamper first before turning your white laundry into a lovely shade of pink. Like you know to check that your headphones are plugged in first before blasting your guilty pleasure playlist in the quiet section of the library. Like you know to check that you're texting the right person first before sending that spicy gossip about your cousin. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You are in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions, and availability. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Every time I have someone equipped to answer this question, I have so much curiosity around senescence. Okay. Because the great mystery to me is if you have this process mitosis And it makes an exact replica of itself, why on earth at some point does it stop making an exact replica of itself? What is the process? And the one thing I heard on NPR one day, it was like an hour long story, and you quote him a ton in your book, is this guy who started erasing layers of the epigenome in mice. And he was erasing so much that initially it would put their body into a state of being like a baby and their organs would grow too big. And then it was learning to dial back how much we erase from this.


'cause you accumulate garbage and flaws in your epigenome. Yeah. Yes, I know already. You don't care about living at 200. You're right About that. I already know. You don't care. I am fascinated by that. I wouldn't mind living at 200 and being healthy. That'd be great. That's unlikely. Go ahead. Shatter my fantasy. That one seemed really promising. So Juan Carlos Belmont, who you're referring to, is a close friend. He used to be at the Salk Institute, which is right next to where I work at Scripps. And then he is more recently at Altos Labs. And he discovered this, the fancy term, partial epigenetic reprogramming. What it really means is he's taken these factors called yata factors, which can be used.


This was a guy in Japan that discovered those to make stem cells. But if you just give an exposure to an animal bred to be prematurely aged, Progeria Progeria or Exactly. Wow. I Got one wow out of 'em and I'm gonna sleep like a baby tonight. Continue. If you get the right dose timing of this, you can take that and not just a mouse, but other species. And you can reverse their aging. Yeah. And all their features of their organs. Now they're young. This is amazing. I think That's the most amazing thing I've ever heard. It is they took these old mice and they made them young again. Yeah. Of all the different approaches, the one that is the most striking, there's like 12 shots on goal here.


Yeah. That one is. Wow. But as you'll see, when you look closely at the data, there's two issues. One, it's very finicky. It's kinda like Goldilocks. You gotta get it just right. Otherwise you get tumor development cancer. Because youth cells that are vibrant and dividing never divide perfectly. We're always accumulating mutation. Sure. So it's never as identical as you'd like to think. So you can get cancer from this. We've seen teratomas in these animals. Now the problem is their company, you know, there's billions of dollars of in 3 billion you said raised. There you go. Yeah. They are supposed to go into clinical trials. Well, how are you gonna inject this to a person who's gonna be the person that wants to get this body wide Yamanaka factors to see if they can reverse their age.


A 96-year-old that's like either make me young tomorrow or I want to die in a week. That's who you're looking for, I guess. But That might be too far gone. Yeah. And then you get a misread that it doesn't work. Good point. So they're gonna try it in a knee that is just about to have to undergo a total replacement and see if it makes the knee healthier before they go to a total pot. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. This one is Houghton, but also a bit dicey for risk. So we're gonna see, that's why I say in the book, I used to think all these reverse aging things were never gonna be a go. But there's so many different ones. Yeah. It breaks some of our previously held tenets of biology.


Yeah. Because used to be, oh well the mouse lived longer. Well, a lot of things make mice live longer. But when you do this sort of thing, like you said, when You cut their age in half And you see it, all of a sudden they have all this muscle and they're cognitively crisp. As best you can tell when you put a rat in a mace test. I mean, it's fascinating. Yeah, that's incredible. Eric, you're so impressive. What About peptides? Okay, go ahead. But I wanna make sure we get 'em outta here in a reasonable time. Okay. I you Promise that. Okay, then I'll save how much I adore you and I'm impressed. Go ahead, peptides. Should We be taking all these peptides? No. What? Peptides. Thank you. Which peptide you go? Actually, we can be. We can be done now. Because that is Exactly, hold on one second though. This will dovetail beautifully into why I would recommend this book to people.


Because you are an optimist, but you haven't drank the Kool-Aid. Yeah. I align with you so Much. It's a very, very moderate approach with a lot of optimism. And I think this is the book for Monica. Yeah. I fully align. Yes. 'cause Okay. Here in LA there's a group of friends, Dax being won, several Of the peptides are in his book. Okay. So are dabbling with these injectable peptides. And I feel that that's Very met. Scary people are on some moreland. There's a bunch of them. There's like a beauty one. There's a copper one. There's a brain one. This so upset. He is before he, I know I like because I feel upset, but I also feel, well if everyone's doing it and then they're all gonna look 22, No, that's not gonna happen.


Okay. This is a craze no basis. And potential harm when you don't know for sure. I mean, metformin is different. That's a pill that's been around forever and that's not really considered a peptide itself. Yeah. But these injectables, that's what I'm worried about. Because anytime you're injecting something and you don't really know what it's doing, good or bad, there's no evidence that any of these have helped people. This was really the impetus to do the book. 'cause there's so much of this stuff out there now. And let's just set the record straight. There's reasons for excitement, but let's not jump the gun. Let's not be taking drugs that could be doing harm. Eventually, we're going to get there. There may well be a peptide. I'm gonna make a counter argument. You guys aren't gonna like it.


Many of these peptides, these are off label uses of peptides because they saw different results from studies that weren't even addressing this in the exact same one. The GLP ones, which you love. It was not designed for what we're using it for, but we started noticing something like, Which one, Tesamorelin. This was developed for HIV patients. What did they find? When people were on this? They had a reduction of abdominal fat that was just a side effect. They found very well studied, administered. It's been used for 40 years. It's a very well known peptide And it had this auxiliary effect of reducing abdominal fat.


There's a peptide. So you would inject yourself to get rid of abdominal fat. Yeah. Then we could get into how many studies there are that abdominal fat is a huge indicator of future for horseman's stuff. This is the Dr. Isaacson. This is a dementia. I agree about the abdominal fat not being good. Yeah. I don't know the study that connects the dots between this Tessa Molin and better health outcomes. Right. Also, there's no free lunch with any drop. That's how I Feel. What? What is the potential side effect? Let's go back to the Glip one. Yeah. They were studied in massive clinical trials. Yeah. With placebos for the purpose, whether it's diabetes or obesity or heart failure. Where's the study for these peptides that were done for this purpose?


We'd have to go through each and every one of them, but most of them weren't developed for the thing that it's being used for. I'm into repurposing. Viagra wasn't studied to give men erections. It was studied to be a blood pressure drug And it was a bust. But you know what? It worked. And they did trials to prove LAIs. This eyelash thing was a glaucoma medicine that they found. Oh, everyone using it has beautiful eyelashes. But then they did do tests before that became publicly used. What you're upset about is that there isn't the data for the off-label use, but there is plenty of data for the peptide itself in the other application. In the same way that the GLP one had a ton of data for diabetics before.


As you said earlier, they were refusing to study it for obesity, But then they did. But it could have turned out bad. Bad. But You are at a stage where you're going, we should try it for obesity. And you're going, there's no study for obesity. It's for diabetics. And it's like, now we're post that And it turns out, no, that was great for, How do you know taking this peptide doesn't interfere with your sleep? Well, because I've slept like shit forever. So that's my hunch there. The point is, they did prove that it was good for obesity. I'm just pointing out, you have an argument for one thing that you feel solid about, which is GLP one's work for diabetics. It wasn't being studied for obesity. It is very safe.


And now it turns out it's great for obesity. So we are at a phase with many peptides where the off-label use is just now happening And it's already been studied for these other things to be safe. So now we're just at the point where we're gonna evaluate them for the off-label use. But you guys are going, no, don't use it for off-label. 'cause we don't have that study yet. It's a little contradictory to your embracing of the GLP Ones. No, I, but I would say not quite because they were specific studies for the off-label. Yeah. It was specific LA studies to do a new label, a real label. But I don't summarily dismiss. I haven't seen the data for Right. The peptide Teim. Morelin. Just one I happen to know was for HIV. It does a great job Reducing abdominal Fat, abdominal fat, And it doesn't do anything else.


That's really interesting. I'll review any data set and if it's a really good case for somebody to use it. But overall peptides are being heavily promoted and there's lots of them. And I say, where's the data? And who are these people that are peddling them? So Where the data's totally fine. Yeah. But a pessimism about that the data will prove out to be not real, I don't think is warranted. I think it should be given the same neutral opinion that the GLP ones given. It is a neutral opinion, but they're being used prematurely. The one thing I say is that the peptide story, you'd like to see it all in published peer-reviewed journals. We have a different problem right now. We're in the midst of an anti-science world where people wanna take the peptides because they're not from big pharma.


They're not mainstream medicine. They gotta be better than those cockamamie doctors. I agree. That's a huge problem. I worry about that. Yeah. We've rejected the norm of evidence and we basically are at a time when there's a revolt against mainstream medicine. Yeah. Big pharma, some of it, maybe it's deserved, I don't know. But the problem is we're embracing things without what we used to say would be the requisite body of Evidence. It's the Bitcoin thing. It's like, I hate that the government regulates, okay, well now it's been stolen from you. And what do you want now? You want a regulatory committee to come in and chase down your money and give it back. So everything you liked about it, you now are a victim of, and now you want all the regulation. I totally agree with that mindset of I just want anything that's not, that thing I hate is ridiculous and dangerous.


I'm with you. Because there may be some hidden jewels in these crypto. Yeah. I hope. Yeah. I'm of the opinion there are hidden jewels and I agree with you that they're being overused and without a doctor. Yeah. But there are good doctors who do believe in some of the ones that have now a great off-label use that will ultimately, in my opinion, be just like the GLP one. Prove. I hope. I'd love to take a beauty peptide every day, but I do want it to be tested thoroughly before I Do. I'm saying with Mo on this one. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I've been on numbered a few times in this, but that's okay. I can handle it now. My closing statements. You're so impressive. Your body of knowledge is mind blowing. Reading the book. And then also just what you can bring off the dome.


It's mind blowing. And I think you have real integrity in a great heart. And I'm really, really delighted your voice in this space. I loved getting to meet you the first time, and I'm so glad you came back the second time. Oh, well I have so much enjoyed our conversations. If there's more fun podcasts out there, I don't know all day. Oh, That's nice. Have you done Rogan yet? No. I'd be happy to meet with Joe. That would be interesting. But the two of you have amazing chemistry and it's good that you don't agree on a lot of stuff. Oh yeah. Nothing. Yeah. It's As a non-scientist, I love how you think. Totally different backgrounds, totally different domains of our work. But you're on it and really appreciate you going through the book so well and asking all the great questions.


It's been fun. Oh, wonderful. Well, we'll have you back for sure. You're gonna write another book and you'll give us more fun information. Keep Us updated on all these studies. Door is always open. I really encourage people to read your wonderful book, Super Agers, An Evidence Based Approach to Longevity. Again, we got bogged down in the bad stuff. It is a very optimistic book. The Hope is that people will find ways to extend their health span. And that's what it's all about. I hope that will work for all of us here. Yeah, Absolutely. Absolutely. All right. Well thanks for coming. Thank you. Stay tuned for the fact check. It's where the party's at.


Okay. You wanna hear the thing that I screen grab? Yeah. Okay. This is a callback to our period underwear episode. Great. This is by Tracy. 3, 8, 7 2. I was at the pediatrician with my daughter when she was probably around four. And my purse fell over and a tampon fell out. She grabbed it and said, mom, here's the medicine for your butt. Thanks baby girl. That's cute. One of the kids in the pot. A boy. Yeah. Said, why do, why do girls only have butts? Right, right. Or front butt. No, No. I think, I think he thought the whole thing.


The whole thing was just a big butt. Sure. On women. And if anything, it's like you have your big butt and then you have a miniature butt up front. Sure. Too tiny. It looks like two little butt cheeks if you really look at it. God, It's so weird that we're attracted to these parts. They're, they're objectively so ugly. Yeah. Yeah. All of it. Like Yeah. The boobs, the penis, the butt. Even when you're saying it, I'm like, well, no, not that one. You could just go with the boobs. I'm like, no, no. Everyone knows Those are beautiful. And then the what? The aliens. The aliens don't think they're beautiful. Probably. I mean, I think obviously the penis is the most ridiculous. Sure. Part of the body.


The placement's goofy. It looks silly. Yeah. But the butt is very strange. Like we poop out of there. Yeah. And yet it's like an erogenous area. It's so interesting. Yeah. What else? We're both in white. Yeah. I got a new outfit yesterday and I'm wearing it today. Fun. It's the top is like, it looks like the inside of a sweatshirt. It's a little bit fuzzy. It's fuzzy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a little bit fuzzy. And you're an eyeliner again. I'm not. You're not an eyeliner again.


Oh. Ooh. Ooh. What Maybe what you're noticing is different. Do you think I look different today again? A little bit. Yeah. You look like you look the other day. I mean, now I'm noticing Yes, the eyes were an extra bit, but yes. It's still something a little different. Okay. Rob, can you guess what it is now? Cheek filler? No, I'm wearing concealer under eye concealer. Oh. I would not, I would not have guessed that. Okay. Okay. Under eye, That must and lipstick. Yeah. But I wear lipstick every time. Every Fucking time I leave the house, I'm in lipstick. It's, It's kind of, if I only have four seconds, I will just put something on my lips.


If, yeah, like, Like some people do mascara. If you're in triage, you only have time for one application. Yes. It's gonna be lips For me. Some people do mascara. That's like their big thing. Like they have to, or their brows like have to be done. What about Coverup? I mean that seem, if my skin is bad, That's gonna, that'll trump lips now. Yes. Yeah. Yes. But because of not my, not witch, but my regular human aesthetician, corrective skincare, Jen. Yeah. I can pretty much go out of the house without any foundation on, but I still like a little lip. Sure. A little pop. Remind people what's happening. Yeah.


I'm gonna say this with the utmost gratitude, I am so happy I live with all women. It's such a blessing. I'm glad I don't live with a bunch of men and boys, but, and I'm blessed to work with you all day. Thank you. But sometimes the spirits blow through town. Okay. You mean periods, I don't mean period. Oh, okay. Let's hear Now. It would be easy to blame, period. And in a few years I will be able to blame. Period. But it's Because perimenopause. No, 'cause none of not, neither are my daughters. Oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh. But sometimes the spirits just the emotion spirits blow through town.


Okay. And all the ladies are so emotional. And I as the guy, I'm like, what has happened? Is it weather? Moon food is the well poisoned. What? I really like that you included moon astrology. You know, I'm clutching at straws 'cause I'm not sure what it is. Okay. But it'll just be, we have these days where everyone is very emotional Upset or just like, well Can you, can you assign your emotions? So can you Give an example? 'cause maybe I can help, maybe I can tell you what's going on. Okay. So boy, and I keep really trying to evaluate when's, when do I have to stop talking about my kids?


'cause they're old now. I'm not sure. Fuck. It's very hard for me. Yeah. This is hard. It is. But I'll just say, 'cause whatever. Yeah. Like just indiscriminately, you know, D money's got a zone or it's almost, man, it's like she's laughing really hard and then all of a sudden she's crying and she's complete lips and there's nothing, she's on a rollercoaster. She's on a big, big time rollercoaster. Okay. And then we had, now Lincoln had her play last night. Right. The sixth graders put on a thing last night for, it's like an art show. Oh, okay. And then they've made these enormous paper mache heads. And when I say enormous, they, they're, they're the size of 10 basketballs, you know, they're huge.


Wow. Cool. They're huge. And they have to go on stilts on their, someone wears them. Lincoln was lucky enough to have one. Wow. And they're the Greek gods. And then there's a play and a dance. Cool. Really cool. First song they kicked us off with was Seven Nation Army. I don't know it. Oh yes, you do. Do I Jack White? Is it the White Stripes or just Jack White? It's The White Stripes. Oh. It's the toughest, coolest song. And all these little Catholic school girls are fucking rocking. That's so cool. To the most badass song. Wow. So she was on stilts. She had like this contraption on to hold the head up. I'll send you a picture. Wow. Of course I took lots of pictures and video, you know, D money can't even get through that thing. We gotta go outside a few times.


I'm on the verge of going like, Hey, everyone had it together for your thing. But I know that's, that's only gonna make things worse. Yeah. That's, I can't really see anything. Then we get home and I don't, Lincoln had that thing on her thing for a very long time and, and her legs hurt in a way that honestly it seems like she would've had to have been shot with a shotgun for them to hurt as bad as they did. And it again, me out growing pain. Yeah. I don't, yeah. Yeah. All of it's possible. And it just, but it's a grand mal meltdown and Oh, I got carry people upstairs and the other person's already thing. And then, oh, sweet Bell's just home from New York and she's frazzled and there's too many suitcases and I'm just, and I, the guy perspective is, whatever I say is gonna make it worse.


I can't think of a magic thing. Yeah, that's right. And I need to just accept that people are emotional and you do. You do. And I do that. I'm not trying to talk anyone out of it, but I can see how these patterns emerge, which is just like, I just say less and less and less. And I'm more and more scared to just interact with anybody. Yeah. And so I find that like, I'm just quiet for like eight hours, which is really funny. Right. And then I go to bed, I'm like, you know, well hopefully we'll wake up tomorrow and everyone will just new day kind of be reset for whatever reason.


Yeah. It's just one of the very funny gender gappy things that is Yeah. I think is really interesting. And I don't dunno what it is. And it's just funny to be the solo male male in this, in the, in this situation. Yeah. Gosh. I mean, I think you're right. There's not much to do. Yeah. And you can't take it personally. You Aren't. Well that's the, that's the great thing. Yeah. Is that throughout my life I generally would make that my, I would be the cause of that. Yeah. That, that's my knee jerk. And I think that's why people's emotions are so insufferable to me, is that I convinced myself it's 'cause of me. I knew it was not because of me.


Right. Luckily. Right. So that's a huge load off my shoulders. Yeah. Because if you can figure out a way that it is your fault, then it, then it really is kind of grueling. Yeah. Now that I experience it, I like kind of go back in my head and I think of all these, like, dads I knew who just were like, I hadn't heard 'em talk so seven years, you know? Yeah. You just kind of, they just stop talking 'cause they're, they just are afraid they're gonna make it worse or whatever. Well, They're just like, eh, like whatever. I, I think they just learn to not take any of it very seriously. And there might be some chaos happening around, but they just kind of block it out and they think about something peaceful.


Yeah. You know, like when they hero on the movies, like walking away and the explosions are happening and the cool thing to do is not look at and look over your shoulder. You just gotta keep strolling. Yeah. I think that's a little bit like that. Yeah. I mean, it's a ding ding ding to the Nick Kroll episode when I was saying, you know, there's just so many dads in chairs at stores. Like, oh, you know, they just go to the store and then they just look for a chair and then they sit there while the girls are out shopping and then they get up when you're ready to leave. It's kind of a funny experience being a guy a lot of times, you know? Yeah. Like, there's many times where I like I'm, I look at myself and I'm just kinda laughing. I'm like, look at this guy.


You're just kind of like wandering from room to room hoping you don't bump into anyone. And Yes. Oh yeah. And like a little panicked when you do, when you're forced to say something. I think maybe you're in a transition. 'cause you wouldn't have been like that before. Like you, I don't think for a long time would've been okay with people being like emotional. You'd be like, get it together. And I think maybe you're transitioning into understanding that's just not a good option. What also happens, and maybe you should just always grant everyone this is like, they build up, you build up trust with one another and they are demonstrating who they are over a long enough period of time that you can really, you have a lot of data to talk yourself out of it.


Which is like, I know these kids, they're not wimps. They're not, yeah. They're not easily defeated. You know, so it does get easy over time. 'cause you, you start to see the actual character of your kids and you're not as worried as much. Yeah. Yeah. But all to say you end up just being really quiet. And I just think that's really funny. I think it's really Funny. Yeah. And it's, that's hard. It's hard to be, I I, I see you. It's hard. It's hard to feel like I can't talk or something will erupt. Yeah. Walking on eggshells is not a good feeling. Walking On eggshells. Yeah. But I do, Oh, I'll add one other thing.


Okay. I also have to be realistic about the trade offs and the rewards. So the joy of having these girls is like, I am get to be so affectionate. Yeah. And loving all day long. Yeah. That's like the apex of it. And so Yeah. You don't get that. You don't get like the, the just the good emotions you want Yeah. To swim in all day, which I do. And not have the other side of the coin. You Should aim for the best version. Now we're not gonna hit it every time. We're not. Right. But if you know, like, gosh, a lot of times I understand that my emotions are causing people to walk on eggshells a lot.


Then maybe it's like I need to try not to, I'm still gonna do it. Like it's not gonna be a hundred percent. Yeah. But I should try to be better about that. All anyone's looking for in life and what is comforting and get you through all of it is if there's any sense that you're getting even fractionally better and you're committed to getting better. Yeah. Then there's like this ultimate tolerance for it. Yeah, exactly. I think it's when someone's not gonna change at all or it's getting worse. Sure. Yeah. And then I do think I will say something. I will say, I'm not speaking for all women. Yeah. Go ahead. Or all Nope. Or all anyone who's emotional. Yeah. But, or in touch with their feelings. Oh, beautiful.


Sometimes I'm like, yeah, it's over. Like we don't, it's fine. It was a bad day. Yeah. And then it's over. They come and Go. Yeah. They come, they go. Yeah. It's over. Like sometimes as the person who has the strong emotions, then it's like, oh, now they're upset because I was upset. It's like, can't it just be done now? Yeah. Everyone's done. It's done. Yes. Does that make sense? Totally. It totally makes sense. I was having kind of a funny thought, which was, when you meet your grandparents, they've already been through this whole thing. Right. So you meet them and you kind of think you're meeting the original them.


But like I think about my Papa Bob. He was so quiet sometimes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. And I just kind of thought he was a quiet guy at times, but I now realize, like, I met him way into the game. This is his second time around with kids in the house. Yeah. And the whole thing. So it's like he, I don't even know who knows what my grandpa was like in 25. I know it's true. Yeah. He just learned to be quiet over time. And I think that is the trajectory of all men if they're gonna succeed. But, and to be fair, not to upset you Yeah. But sometimes there's walking on eggshells both ways With men or Meek?


Just me. I'll Say all men. Okay. Okay. To be nice. Well, 'cause we're just talking about the people we know. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I have moods. They just, they show themselves their phenotype is different. It's just a different version. And I know a lot of guys that's like this. It just tends to, again, we do the same thing. We get quiet, we isolate. Yeah. And then we, we, what feels like is we abandon or we retreat. Right. That's almost our version of being moody or, or having big feelings is I'll just, I'll remove myself from everyone. Right. And I will soothe with something that's generally solitary.


Like, I don't want to be around everyone when I'm depressed or in a mood. Yeah. I think more, I mean for, for all men it's more like there are areas you can't go. Mm. Like with, with you, there are some areas you just can't go with you. Sure. And Carly, And I don't, I'm not gonna say any of them. Okay. Don't trap me. Okay. But Anyone in my family, There's like, there's some scary areas with you that feel that Do feel a little egg Shelly. Like if we're getting into any of these remote topics, like you really have to be really careful about what you say or like you are gone Ah, Forever.


And I, and so that's what's, that's funny. As a woman, I'm more sc like, that is more scary to me. Right. Than like just strong like annoying emotions. Yeah. I think you guys are comfortable around each other. Yes. Having big emotions. Yes. And then w we're, and then what's scary to you guys is when we just vanish. Yeah. Yes. Exactly. Yeah. Anyway. Okay. So that's it. That was it. Okay. Well that's it for this chat. Okay. Now let's move into facts. Great. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Squarespace. And boy do we have a gorgeous website. I implore everyone to check out. We made it on Squarespace. I, and when I say we, I mean Rob. He did a beautiful job And it was very easy for him to do. So no matter what kind of website you want to build, Squarespace is the perfect partner to get it launched quickly and easily. And their design templates are gonna make your site look incredible too. If you're trying to do some good this year, you can use Squarespace to set up a fundraising site. Let's say you wanted to raise money for first responders or families impacted by the recent fires here in la. You can fundraise directly on your Squarespace website and grow your impact with built-in donation tools. Create a professional on-brand site that makes it easy to accept one-time or recurring contributions and engage supporters with built-in email campaigns and marketing tools you can connect with your community and inspire more people to support your cause. They're making it easier for you to make a difference. Another reason Squarespace is a company we're proud to be partnered with. Check out squarespace.com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, use offer code Dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's squarespace.com and promo code Dax to get started today.


Oh Cute. Oh, I love him. Okay. My update is that he just did Dr. Mike's podcast. Oh fun. A few days ago. Fun. And Mike said to me, I saw the picture of you and Eric and it's the cutest picture ever. It's very cute. Very, very cute. Oh my gosh. Yeah. I really wish he was my dad. Oh wow. I mean I already have a dad, Tom Hansen, but Yeah, Sure. But just look how sweet we, we could have so much fun lifting weights together and doing father son stuff. He, yeah. Yeah. I'm sure he'll come hang out with you anytime if he's around.


If he's around. Yeah. He's a busy man if He's in town. Yeah. They're Dax and Eric Topol took a picture together. Yeah. Had brought a sleeveless tee. Yeah. Because he's been lifting. Yes, yes. And I said, you not only Yes. Do I wanna do that, let me go grab a tank top. Yeah. So I did a little wardrobe change and his daughter took the picture. Yeah. Really cute. Well he's awesome. He definitely is more my speed. Yeah. As far as approaches to longevity and taking not as drastic of measures. And I just like him a lot. I used to reach out to him all the time as he brought up for fact checks. Yes.


To help me out. And what Happened? Did you just, like, at some point did you go like, I gotta stop bothering this guy? I Think the truth is I started taking fact checking less seriously. Oh sure. Yeah. That makes Sense. Like I was really asking for real, like, what, from a real expert, what is this? And now I just mainly rely on the internet. Yeah, yeah. So does everyone else, I mean, yeah, We've increased our Laziness Output, so I, something's gotta give. Alright, here we go. Now he talked about Vioxx being pulled from the market, which he was Spearheaded. Yeah. Which is incredible.


And there's an NPR on this. Oh There is. It's called Merck Pulls. Oh, it's from 2004. Wow. Merck pulls arthritis drug Vioxx from the market. Yeah. So this is when it was happening. Study confirmed earlier concerns that it raises the risk of heart problems, including heart attack and stroke. It was currently being used by 2 million people worldwide and had been used by more than 84 people around the world. 84 million. 84 million, sorry. Only 84. 84 million. So good for him for sounding the alarm. I wish I could cite something right now, but I have run across numerous articles that talk about just the overall efficacy of the drugs that are passed by the FDA and it's abysmal.


Yeah. I mean it's truly, truly abysmal. Yeah. We're talking like 20% of people will actually benefit from the, you know, really, really low. I guess when the doctor prescribes me something, I think like, well this thing works. That's why they're prescribing it. Yeah. And In their defense, no, they're gonna try that. Yeah. It might work. And then if it doesn't work, they're gonna try another option. Exactly. Yeah. And they're just knocking out. But I I, I think the general public thinks medicines do the thing they say they're gonna act like a hundred percent. Yeah. It's not, it's more of a process of elimination. You said that, well you said that men got AIDS over nine to one In the eighties. In the eighties. Yeah. I mean, yeah, it's, it's still quite vast.


The difference. Let me see, in general, this is current though. This current, yeah, it, I'll admit it changed in the nineties And it got different. It's still pretty Lopsided. Yeah. In general, men tend to get diagnosed with HIV more frequently than women, though. This doesn't necessarily mean they're more at risk, whatever. We know that, okay, in 2022, men accounted for 81% of new HIV diagnoses in the United States compared to 19%. For women it says Whoa. It says, however, women are more susceptible to HIV infection than men. And male to female transmission is more likely than female to male. Yeah. That almost doesn't happen. Women's genital tract is more susceptible to HIV than men's, As are men's rectums.


So bottoms get it way more than tops Get it. Lots Of pores in there. Yeah. Fissures openings. Yeah. Friction. That makes sense. But then that is, why can't women, why are women not like giving it to men via their vagina? Well, because the receiver tends to get it more than the giver. Right. But if like, if I got it Yeah. From a man. Yep. And then I had sex with another man. Yeah. I'd be surprised that that would, It would be harder for you to give it to him because he has far less Oh, I see. Openness. Yeah. Penis on his, on his penis than you have in your vagina. It, and you have more fissures and openness in your rectum than a penis is gonna have, It would only work if a woman's vagina could have sex with the man's butt Than where you would be apples to apples.


If men and women had sex anally, a vagina vaginally, then can You kind of picture it like, Well this just seems like making out. Yeah. Yeah. And a lot of like suction noises and stuff. Like a reverse Scissor. Yeah. Yeah. Sort Of. I'd like to try. It sounds Kind of, I guess the butt though. It'd be really hard 'cause the butt cheeks, like to really get in there. To Rob's point, you'd have to really Sideways scissor. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. Who's that? I don't know. Chris. Mom. Hello? Lincoln. I didn't, I thought you were done. No. Good. Come in. Were you running? Are you okay?


Yeah, I'm Fine. Oh gosh. It's not always Bad. Well, when you come, I don't see you. And I hear I did also think for, For a second, I'm assuming you've come in crying and someone just assaulted you. No, I maybe don't want what I came in here for. I was gonna tell you, I did my bike ride for the first time this month. I'm very proud of myself. I wanted a hug as a roller. Okay. I'm happy to give you one. Oh, where did you ride your bike? You stand If you were me. Yeah. Yeah. Come and go. But then, isn't that on me that the only time you guys see me out of breath is when No, it's bad. No, it's Double whammy. You came in into the podcast space, which you don't do often. No, Because I got back from my bike ride. I was so proud of myself on the verge of tears.


I was like, I'm gonna go get, Oh see, on the verge of tears, in fact. And you're, you Are crying and you're about to cry. Seems like me. Maybe we were right the whole time Concerned with You. Where'd you, where'd you go? I just went in the park, The hilly park. And there's Only eight hills. 10. If you take the two Bonus. That's too many. Look, it's a lot. But I haven't done it in like almost a month. And I was in routine because, you know, I just copy whatever he does. Yep, Yep, yep. I'm so disappointed in myself this whole month. Like I just got off the wagon. I was so disappointed in myself. And then this morning I was like fucking Doing it.


And I came and just with, Wow. That's exciting. That Good job, mom. I haven't Ridden my bike ever. You know, I don't know how, Look at me. Look. Look at one of these cameras. Come over here and look at one that camera. Cute. Because don't Make her cry. She's already crying. I know. I don't want her To cry. Cutes, what's, what's so cute is that you're proud of yourself and you're, and you're a little bit crying. Let's normalize this because you can, you don't have to just have a, like a Big emotion, big feelings. When you're sad at yourself or ashamed of yourself.


I truly am so proud of myself because when I do it, I can then get in a routine and I just feel better mentally and physically. And I came back and I was like, you Did it. You did it. That Is something. I'm a bad bitch. I don't feel really good. And then I thought, are they done? My second thought was, I don't care. My third thought was be polite and text Rob. My fourth thought was, I'm too impatient to wait for Rob's response after Like, I was typing a nanosecond Of waiting for him. I was like, well, he's not there Because you're Delta's mom. Yeah. And then I thought, you know what? No, I mean, I love your podcast, but I love you guys more.


I wanna see my friends. I don't wanna tell 'em that I'm really proud of myself. Yeah, We're proud of you Too. Good job. They're so proud of you. It's hard. Those bike rides are hard. They're so hard. They're kind of the hardest workout. They seem too hard, Right? Yeah. And it's also hard when you get out, like I said, outta the habit, they feel so unattainable. Like unac, accomplishable. It feels like you, you, I, you could have been like Everest, the spike ride 50 50. Pretty much the same. Yeah. Yeah. But I didn't, So good job Because I, I have to work really late tonight. And I wanted energy and the whole, I just went through a whole thing this morning of like, prepare yourself. Nice. You did It. That's where I, that's where I'm guys. And then I also thought on the way home, I mean you can cut out this.


No, this Is great actually. 'cause it's for Eric Topol and it's about longevity. Ding ding, ding. Doing It for you Eric. This, this feels now scripted almost. Scripts. Scripts. I, are you gonna come on Saturday to the meeting? No, I'm going home to visit my mom. Oh, okay. Tomorrow morning I'll take notes. Take notes. I did send in my proxy. Who? Birdie? No, it's Like a Year old Across the street. I wish. No, the little like form you have to fill Out. I filled it out too in case we missed it. I think that'd be really funny to send a kid as your proxy. 'cause one time when you were working, the girls had both of their like teacher school initiation meetings, like beginning of the year where they say like, what to expect in first grade.


But it was second in kindergarten and I, they were at the same time. And I was like, okay. So I sent Lincoln to the kindergarten Zoom while I did de Lincoln, Lincoln Zoom. And I said, you gotta take notes. I still have the notes. My God, they're absolutely unintelligible. You have to frame those. Oh My God. They don't make a lick Of sense. No, no. There's no way They could, there's like numbers, grade numbers in the letters. Oh my God. In the Words. What was the, the number that she said endlessly, do you remember? She used to say a number over and over again. Well, they, and she wrote you A, They used to think 60 was the highest number. Mm. But this was a Mother's Day card you said back when she was really little, like three maybe Tell me me what you wanna say to mom and I'll write it.


And she said, dear mom, 8 4 9 2 7 1 8. It Started repeating One Eight. Oh my God. Two five. It was like a probably three or four phone numbers combined. Oh my God. I was like, God, I don't know, 40 numbers. And then she stopped and pretty elegantly just wrote a Happy Mother's Day card. She said, I love you so much, you're the best mom ever. Happy Mother's Day. But it was a, yeah, She had to get, she had to get those wheels turning in and He wrote it down verbatim. Oh My God. That's fantastic. We were discussing the play earlier.


The two versions of the play, Alison Wonderland Jr. Alison Wonderland Junior. We were talking about, because you're, I don't know if you know you're a professional actress. Okay. I've heard. Okay. Yeah. And so when you watch the play, what happens? Do you, well, do you think, I feel bad for the kids that are very highly committed? Or do you not Definitely Not feel bad for them. If anything, I'm a little impressed. It's sort of like how many disruptors can you have on set while maintaining what you know you're there to do. It's Good training. It's really good training because some of those kids are wholly and completely digging in their nose, having side conversations.


Yep. Just truly Waving at their parents. Truly wandering the stage. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But then you have like the girl who played the queen of heart. Yeah. Who is giving 110 even during curtain call. She's queen of Hearts. Yes. I, I Don't feel, and the Cheshire cat, I'm like that kid definitely auditions. He's probably been on tv. You know, there's, 'cause we're in la there's Real, the white rabbit. Oh, White rabbit. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. The, I get excited if they've, this is stupid and I hate this, but I do, I do say it all the time on sex. I think it's so stupid. But when you drop in Mm. When you really drop in Yeah. To A character. Oh, okay. You know, like, I'm here, I've dropped in. But like, some of those kids are legit dropping in.


They are. And they're feeling it. And pretend is so fun. I don't feel bad for anyone. The the, the complete emotion I have around those plays is that it literally doesn't matter what anyone's doing. It doesn't matter the lines they're saying. It doesn't matter if they're acting is good or even passable. What matters is that a group of people have come together to play pretend. And they're standing on a pedestal in front of other people who have agreed to witness it. And there's something so magical about that. It doesn't matter if they restart the song. It doesn't matter if Delta gets handed a microphone and then yells at the stage manager about what she's supposed to do with it. Mid song. So Funny. None of it matters. What matters is the witnessing of it. Mm. That's, that's lovely.


Do you feel that way about sports? It's like if the kids are playing sports, is it the same? Like, oh they're just like, it's fun and it's a beautiful thing. Or do you think we do more care about the result? Yeah, that's really weird. 'cause I would, I think I would answer it differently. Yeah. I would like you to score goal. Yeah. If I'm watching it, I'd like you To work a little harder at this. But, but I'm not saying that's the right way to be or an evolved way to be. But if I'm being honest Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna root for you to score a goal. Whereas when I'm sitting in the theater, I'm not rooting for you to hit that note. Whatever you hit's gonna be great. I'm so glad you're putting yourself out there. Yeah. And it's probably healthiest to have that. Well I was telling Delta before the play, the night before, she's like nervous.


And I said, you just, I just want you to hear from me. What impresses me is putting yourself out there. Yes. I do not care if you're good. Yeah. If you remember your lines, what is admirable is putting yourself out there. That's for sure. And you'll do that 'cause you'll show up. So there's really nothing to be nervous about from my approval. Yeah. That's for Sure's Sincere about that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Especially at that age. Yeah. Do You feel there's a difference in sports and theater? I am a double Virgo. What can I say? I ca I Do, I do. You're like two months away from learning Dria. What's That? Do you know That's not the, like What's Dria? It's a maybe a crazy person's calculator where like letters mean numbers and the numbers have significance.


And if you spell someone's name And it equals like, oh, Meaning like it's a fringe astrology thing. Fringe's an evolution of astrology. I can like spell your name and like padman would mean false. And then I'd be like, you're sim Oh it's, gosh, you're On cussing Into I can't Wait To learn it. Oh My God. What a challenge. Yes. I think I take everything very seriously. So when I'm watching anything, I mean, I'm mainly just laughing 'cause it was just so funny. But yeah, so, so I am evaluating it. Like, oh no, these people care a lot and these people don't. And if I were them, I'd be like, why can't everyone just get their shit together and do this, you know, care.


Yeah. And I feel would feel the same way about sports, But I think there's not a Right, there's probably not a right and rea wrong way to witness things. It's like, what, what's the perspective, the lens you're looking through. You are like such a consummate, professional and ambitious woman. Like to the letter of the law in, in a great way. It's like you are the one that like the, that that Argent puts in their suits to be like, this is a, this is a woman who will get stuff done. And it's how would you be able to drop that whole facade and go and be like, try to act like a preschool teacher when you're watching that? No. You're like, there's, Yeah. I'm like, commit guys. Yeah. Yeah. I know. I know. But I, but I do think your, your way of looking at it is, is the correct way.


I do think that, I dunno if there, I think it's just a way, Yeah, Everyone's right. It's, It's a way I would like to be doing it. Oh, I guess is the better way of saying it. We Got it. Great. Solved. Settled. All Right. Well I love you. Great. Came in here to brag. Great job. Thanks. Great joke. I'm very proud of you. Thanks those. That's the hardest workout. Yeah. Agreed. Yeah. I wasn't patient Rob. Sorry I wasn't clear. Okay. Bye. We're almost done. Love you guys. Love you. Okay, let's just wrap this up super quick. There's a fair amount of evidence to say that over 200 grams of protein or an excessive amount can lead to kidney issues and liver issues.


What's that from? Oh, medical news today is where this one is from, but there's a few. There's Harvard, one from Harvard Health, one from University of Missouri School of Medicine. I will produce, I will cite the many articles that say it's great for you. Great. 13 Pou, you said There's 13 pounds of microbes in a body according to this National Institute of Health. Two to six pounds of bacteria in a 200 pound adult because of their small size. But there are 39 trillion. Hmm. Alright, well that's it for Eric Topol.


I love him. I love him. I I'll, we can't wait to do it again. Yeah. He'll be back for sure. With probably more gains. More gains. And he will have aged reversely. I hope he's bigger than me in the next photo. Oh my God. That'll be incredible. That'll be Incredible. He's gonna have to help his protein intake. Yeah. He's gonna have to reverse his position on protein probably. Alright, love you. All right, love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey


At 24. I lost my narrative, or rather it was stolen from me and the Monica Lewinsky that my friends and family knew was usurped by false narratives, callous jokes and politics. I would define reclaiming as to take back what was yours. Something you possess is lost or stolen and ultimately you triumph in finding it again. So I think listeners can expect me to be chatting with folks both recognizable and unrecognizable names about the way that people have navigated roads to triumph. My hope is that people will finish an episode of reclaiming and feel like they feel their tank up, they connected with the people that I'm talking to, and leave with maybe some nuggets that help them feel a little more hopeful. Follow reclaiming with Monica Lewinsky on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to reclaiming early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts.