
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


We are supported by Audible Audible's. Best of 2024 picks are here. Mm. Audible's curated list in every category is the best way to hear 2020 four's best in audio entertainment. Like a stunning new full cast production of George Orwell's 1984. This is the one I am most excited to indulge myself with. I'm so excited to listen to James, which is a new title by personable effort that is very, very hot right now. Mm. Well there's so many good ones on the list. We love Audible. This is how you go to bed. I love Audible. I swear by Audible. I can't wait to listen to the Orwell 1984 off this list. I'm also doing fleas by autobiography right now, which I'm obsessed with. I can't get enough Audible in my life every night. Go to Audible dot com slash dax and discover all the years best waiting for you. That's Audible dot com slash dax.


Okay. This is great because people may remember a while back, you and I have debated, which is better. Acetaminophen or ibuprofen. We sure have. So I, for me, particularly headaches, I gotta go Tylenol. Yep. But I do like Motrin for muscle pain. I like Motrin. Yeah. You won't even play. I've What about for headaches though? I mean, I'm Motrin. You Team Motrin. What? Listen to this. I'm just key. Motrin, stop trying to make me who I'm not The Gods have intervened and we have a perfect solution. Motrin and Tylenol have finally settled the great debate by teaming up and introducing Motrin dual action with Tylenol. Oh, they did this for us to save our relationship. I think they may have. Why just use one when you can have both The pain targeting strength of Motrin United with the pain blocking power of Tylenol. Ibuprofen is the active ingredient in Motrin and acetaminophen is the active ingredient in Tylenol. Motrin plus Tylenol brands provide over a hundred years of combined pain relief experience in one product. Whatever your needs, Tylenol and Motrin are here to help fast acting, long lasting by Tylenol, Motrin, and Motrin. Dual action with Tylenol on Amazon or at a store near you. Use product only as directed.


He's in Funny. There's a sparkly hat. No wait. You have a special one too. What? You don't have to switch it. So there's, right next to you, daddy is a bunch of different hats. There's a sparkly version. I also got you some antler ones If you wanted that one. I got for you. Money. Oh my God. Fun. Okay. Yes. And Oh That's really, That's really Something. Jacob, are you in need of a hat or do want To wear a spark?


Spark? Need One. Are you still pushing your merch brand? Do you wanna get that out on the, this Is actually a friend of mine's thing, but I'll wear that guy. Which one? Sparkly. I think I'll go sparkling. He feels like a sparkly guy to me. You use Feels like a sparkly guy. Okay. Welcome everybody to the Christmas episode. Happy holidays. Happy holidays. Jingle. Jingle. Okay, so we have really fun guests. Of course people will know you. Anna Kendrick. People will know you, Chris and Bell. People are going to, A lot of people will know you guys, but a lot of people will be meeting you. Yeah. And Gabe Gibbs. Yeah. I got to see you for the first time. Perform. What were you guys doing? What was that called? A cabaret show. Oh Yeah, yeah, Yeah. A cabaret show. Yes. Okay, great.


Emily Gole. It's cabaret show. That's how it's pronounced. And first check in the great category is your a Michigander. Yeah, baby. Yeah. If the hat didn't sub. Oh my God. Thank you guys for the hat. The lion's hat. Oh, so good. Go team. And Where are you from in Michigan? Gabe? I'm from like Rochester area. Right? Yeah, we talked about that. Exit 69. Big Beaver. That's right. That was your exit. That's right. That's a real thing. It is. Anna, you don't know that about Michigan, but I Don't know anything about Michigan. Big Beaver Road is exit number 69 on, On I 75 Lockton. Yeah. Did that on purpose? Did we had a field day with that growing up? We were all learning to drive. Like where you gonna drive? Probably Big Beaver, 69, Some nasty city planners.


Wow. I that someone had ans and then where are you from? I'm from South Florida. You Are? Yeah. Okay. But well, let's get his Name. Oh, Jacob. Jacob. Jeff Jefferies. Yeah. Yeah. And you and Wabi Wob already know each other. I, Yeah, I know Wabi. I met Wabi at a pool party, right? A long time ago. Yeah, that's right. That's right. Was Wabi in swimwear? I was gonna ask That too. We might've, we might've been in swimwear together. Was he wearing a Speedo? No, but picture it. It could be fun. You, Well, he told us that he just shaved his pubic hair. No, Not just, wow. We, one time you did it one time. A landing strip for funs. We were talking about whether a Brazilian had the landing strip or not.


Oh. And then somehow we learned, this was just a couple weeks ago that Wob gave himself a landing strip just to make Natalie laugh. Wabi in the comments. I'm sure you've seen people love that. Of course. Who doesn't love that? Yeah. That's Fantastic. He's a Wasco. Okay. So we're gonna sing a bunch of songs. We're going to learn some backstory on Christmas favorite presents, that type of thing. We're gonna eat a lot of cookies and sweets. Wobbe wob of course, always makes really delicious cookies. And Rice Krispie treats. And then I have a surprise to a culinary surprise. And so we'll be breaking to chow down at some point too. And then we'll do a gift exchange. And that's the run of the show. So what I would love to do, instead of trying to describe Gabe, your genius, I would love to start with a little taste of your Sure, yeah, your sure.


Your focus as musician J Jacob and I can can switch. Great. We we can switch real quick. A little shuffle Roo. And Cut. Oh, this one's fun. Oh, also huge shout out to Wbi Wob. 'cause the, the garage looks insane. Oh my God. It Looks like look beautiful. I especially love that the sorting hat is wearing a Christmas hat. Oh my God. It's very, it's a nice touch. That's so cute. My God. Also, the crow is wearing a crow Is, Which is so Cute. And thank you Lincoln and Delta. I stole the tree out of their bedroom. And they don't know that That's the tree from their bedroom. Yes. I thought you threw it out because they were both saying the needles were falling. And I was like, thank God he threw it out. No, I threw it in here.


I threw it in. You know what I like, I like an old a candy cane ornament. It's very classic. Yeah. You had with some white lights. Yeah. Well, yeah. Yeah. Candy cane ornament is really for color Lights. Sorry, before we kick off, just a quick vote. I know where you two stand, but are you a white light or a colored light person on your Christmas tree? I can't really decide. I have scared people away by bringing them to my house around Christmas time. 'cause I really go crazy. You do? Yeah. Like harder than we do all Signs of mental illness. God, forward Time. How many dreams I have? I have a silver and gold room. So it's like a mom monochromatic. So that's all you know. Great. And then I have a green and brass room. Oh, so that's more like traditional warm, right.


Warm sense. And then I started, a couple years ago I started collecting antique ornaments. Oh. From like the fifties and sixties. And, and that's kind of my like candy colored explosion room. New, do you need a new pants? Mom? Mommy, do you need Slip right off this couch? No. I Love a theme and I love a holiday and that, that really Got my motor running. Well, I was wonder in the living room, I was wondering like, who, who did everything And I didn't. I, I mean, I assume it was sort of everyone a team effort. I don't know. No, no. I was, I, there's some, there are some touches in there that I'm very impressed by. I like to have a theme every year. We've done Whoville and The Grinch. We've done vintage Christmas, we've done a couple different things. Candy this year was gonna be Candy Christmas, a lot of Pepperminty stuff.


And then Wicked came out and I said, psyche, we're gonna rip it all down. Which I did. And then went for the wicked theme and did everything pink and green. But I love a theme. Yeah, no, that's like a problem. And and we are the same. Yeah. Yeah. And it's like, it's not a problem. Okay. Okay. So the thing I hope people are tracking is like, just a month ago, Anna said, I, you know, Kristen texted me and I really felt bad. I ghosted to her 'cause I was just nervous. And then we fixed that and then you guys started texting. Oh, just wait. Yes, you'll never see me again. And now you're singing together. I just have, I have so much optimism about where this is going. Now we find out about this spectacular design Christmas display.


Yeah. This is exciting. Yeah, This is exciting. Okay. Although I think the last time I saw you two, I did say, I don't know if it was in the episode or not, but I did say, oh, if I had to sing with Kristen, I would be very nervous. You did say that. And I would wanna like get prepped for months and months. And did I have a mental, have time for that? Mental No ma'am. So is, so we'll see. Do I have a knot in my shoulder? Yes, I do. Oh, it'll be, Did I pull out some of my eyebrows this morning? No, I did. It's A secret. I thi I think you're, I think you're, you're delusional. You're delusional. Well, I felt all the same things and I'm sweating. In fact, I even put on a red tank top. 'cause I know I'm gonna start flashing when we start singing. I'm gonna have to take this off. Also, let's make sure your visitor badge is still on your, why are you a visitor? Yeah. Let's make sure. Oh, she wanted to brag that she helped kids today.


Oh, that's not, Yeah, that's why. That's Really cute. I went to I Children's Hospital. Sweet. Okay. Gabe? Yes. Why don't you rock our world a little bit? Yeah. This, this needs a tiny bit of setup, if that's okay. Of Yeah. Broadway does these things where they take existing, they're called jukebox musicals and they take existing people's music and turn them into Broadway shows. And so I've been having fun on the internet and elsewhere turning things that I think should never be made into Broadway shows. Into Broadway shows. Oh, and they're on your Instagram. You have the most entertaining Instagram of all. What? How do, thank you. What, what do people go to for that? It's Just Gabe Gibbs at G-A-B-E-G-I.


Bbbs. Wonderful. Thank you. It's also insane that I'm about to play these out loud in public. Here we go. This one is from a fictional Fergie musical. I'll be playing the role of Fergie Just Once. I want someone to ask me, Ask me Out on a date and ask me the questions I've Been wanting to get asked. Like, Whatcha gonna do with all that junk? With all that junk inside your trunk and others, like, whatcha gonna do?


Oh, with all that as, all that as inside those jeans. So I can tell him, I will make you scream with my hum. My hums, my lady lumps. Oh my God, it's so good. 'cause it's also really great. It's great that something's really funny and also really great. Thank you. So what is your background, Gabe? You you, have you been on Broadway?


I have. I was in the book of Mormon, the one the South Park guys wrote. Oh, My Original. Yeah. No, not original. I ended up standing by for the now late Great. Gavin Creel, who just passed Who Was there in that company for a while. Toured with it for a while. Did it at the Panta, which was cool. That's a cool theater. And then now you moved to LA now how many years ago? Yeah, I've been in LA for like almost 10 years now. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. Just bopping around the comedy scene. Sure, sure. With my, with my wares. Yes. Okay. Do I have a favorite? And I've requested that you play it and I think that's next. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. This is from, again, I will be playing the titular role.


I'll be playing the role of Missy Elliot in this Missy Elliot musical. Are you a Missy Elliot fan? I'm so excited. Hell yeah, dude. Is it worth it? I'll put my thing Down. Flip it and reverse it.


If you got a big, let me search ya and find out how hard I gotta work. Ya. Is it? Oh my God. Incredible. Those are the bits. How Fun. Those are the bits. I love It. And there's a couple thousand of 'em on his Instagram out. Kristen spends a good hour and a half every night on her little space age.


Matt. I Got Oh, me like that. So sweet. Okay, so we've got, we've got quite a few Christmas songs to get through and quite a few great singers. So I think we should hop into, switch A room. Switch Back. Yeah, let's do a switch a room. Oh yeah. You're so playful when you say if you've got a big one, the, the, the, the pause No, the expression On your face. I was like, oh, I hate it. Yes. I hate it. Yeah, Yeah. Yes. Because it's that pleased with yourself kind of. Yes. I mean, I wouldn't, but, You know, musical theater actor. Yes. Behavior Goes good. That no one behaves this way except musical theater people. I was praying you'd say it. I'm not allowed to say it. Oh, it's, it's too dangerous. But it's Born out. That's what it's born out of, is born out of theater people. Adult don't live in reality.


And so then we take these songs and we make them insane. In Fairness. I don't want them to live in reality. Of course. They're singing. They're singing. I'm in love with you. Because the reason he said he is not allowed to say it is 'cause sometimes he come at it too hard. Because I've been like, yes, I agree. A lot of it is cheesy and yes, I agree. Nobody walks. Like, when you see a musical theater actor walk across the stage, they're always in like an earthquake. Windstorm. Yes, yes. And I, that's never how people walk. And I love it. I love it. And I can agree with you. That's sometimes really silly. But then sometimes Dax will like dig in and I'll say like, Uhuh, no, that's my medium. So I like, But that, I think that's true of like ballet and opera. Like they, everyone has their own kind of set of rules and gestures and like the, the world is different.


So Yeah. I think musical theater is similar where you're like, well, yeah, I mean, in ballet they go to sleep like this and we go, yeah, okay. You're sleeping. I, I'm, because I'm into the Medium. I guess If you came hard at ballet for sleeping like that, I'd feel a little bit more like you, you were, you know, a little bit more critical of everyone. But I think it's just because we discuss musical theater so often because I bring it up. Exactly. We just have not yet talked in 17 years. We've got not gotten around to ballet yet. Yeah. But other than the fact that I was in ballet for some period of time. That's true. Yeah. Yeah. A tiny, I had one recital and my dad, who was never around, did come to that and he watched the thing.


And then when we were leaving, he said to my mother, okay, that was his last recital. There's no more of that. Who Was Done with that? How old you Michigan? I, I similarly, I had probably seven. Yeah. Lame. Yeah. I know. That is a bummer. Yeah. That's something you could do in 1982. Yeah. You could unilaterally say, and that's the, a wrap on that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I'm a Dad that's not around, but I still have this veto card. He missed an opportunity because Easter egg, someone's coming here in a bit to help with the singing. Whose son is a dancer? The best dancer. He's 11. He's the best dancer in the world. And perfect. 10 Charlie, his father posted a whole thing, a video and a whole thing about it.


And he called himself a dance dad. And there's nothing hotter A dance Dad than a man calling themselves a dance dad. So Your Dad missed out. He could have been a dance dad and like that would've Been hot. Cleaned up. Yes. Yeah. Okay. What is the first song? My love? Why don't We start out with a classic? Yes, absolutely. Why don't we start out with something with the three of us. We're gonna hit you with one of the Hot Christmas classics. Oh, wonderful. What are we getting to begin this? Would It be disrespectful if I'm enjoying a snack while you guys No, I encourage. I'd prefer it. Okay. Great. Dinner theater. Great. And what's my start? Okay, God Resty, Merry gentlemen.


Let nothing you dismay. Remember Christ, our Savior was born on Christmas Day. To save a soul from Satan's power. When we work on astray, all time of comfort and joy, comfort and joy, all time of, and joy In Bethlehem, in Israel. This blessed babe was born and laid within a man upon this blessed mourn to which his mother, Mary did nothing.


Take and scorn All ings of comfort and joy. Comfort and joy. Oh, ings of and joy from God. Heavenly father, a blessed angel came and un two certain shepherds brought tidings of the same. How that in Bethlehem was born. The son of God by name. Alls of and joy, comfort and joy and joy.


Oh my God. That's a slog. Hannah, Do you, do you want to do a musical at any point? Like, like on stage? Yeah. Honestly, I, I've heard you know from folks that it's just so much harder than you think and it's harder than you remember. And I barely remember 'cause I was 12. Yeah. So, and the last time I did a live show, like a stage show, I think I was 17. So yeah, I really like the part where I just have to like, get my voice ready for recording or filming. Yeah. And then I don't have to think about it anymore. Yeah. Even when we did, we did a bunch of the last five years live as much as we could, which wasn't a ton, but that I didn't like having to kind of like live like a soldier and not like drink and not have cheese and yeah.


I'm just such a big fan of cheese. Sure, sure. I didn't know, what show were you in when you were a Kid? Hi, society. Sorry, I didn't know. No, I mean, son of a bitch. And who were you in the last five years with Jeremy Jordan. What, what's happening? That someone was a huge burn, but I It was not a burn. You know our, that Lincoln's like Oh, oh, oh. Oh. She's Obsessed. She can't even say his name without being like Jeremy Jordan. Oh no, I See. She loves him so much. She asked for Jeremy Jordan t-shirts for Christmas. Are there such t-shirts? No, but I just got one on Amazon that said Jeremy. Oh. So That Name Shirt, I'm sure it's not like Brandon or some sort of Oh, I don't, it just says, it says Jeremy.


Jeremy Jeremy on it. And then I don't think that's what she wanted. What Is this all they had? What's his, what's his Riz like? Why is she so upset? Hottie hotty Broadway. Hottie Hotty Broadway. Hottie Broadway. Howdy. Howie Broadway's Broadway. He's been like the dude for like a decade. Yeah. Where If You're a Broadway nerd, respectfully, Who's your idol? Mine In the Broadway store. In the Broadway world? Yeah. Ooh. It was Gavin Creel who just, who just passed a couple months ago. He's, he was like, he was the dude. He was like, people my age that were doing theater were looking up to him. And he was the guy Did You go to the thing Kristen went to? Which One did the memorial In New York?


No, I didn't. I didn't. You went, It was really beautiful. Yeah. Yeah. And they dim the lights. Yeah. Yeah. That's a classy Theater Tradition. Mama had the best week of her entire life. She almost didn't come home. I did. Yeah, I did. And I did, I did end up coming home in my mind. I'm still there. Yeah. I talked to them on FaceTime and both d and the girls were like, you look di you look different. You look 12 years younger on those FaceTimes. I was like, oh my god. Mom's 26 right now. Look at her. Your face was Yeah. Was so youthful. You were with all your Broadway friends that, that does something so special to you. Yeah. It's very, very sweet. Aw, Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Klaviyo. Klaviyo helps brands build smarter digital relationships with their customers. And here at Armchair Expert, we know a little something about how challenging that can be. Here's how Klaviyo does it. They're unified data and marketing automation platform turns customer data into personalized connections to make every moment count across AI powered email SMS analytics and more. Klaviyo powers smarter digital relationships for more than 151,000 successful brands, including Hedley And Ben Fish wife and Dagney Dover. Build smarter digital relationships with your customers. Visit K-L-A-V-I-Y o.com to make every moment count.


We are supported by Columbia Sportswear. I love Columbia Sportswear. Trusted brand. Trusted brand. I just got a black puffer that's so sleek and I got a, a very Earth Tony Fleece. Ready for the cooler months. I'm ready for it. And I'm gonna be adorned in Columbia Sportswear from snowy trails to city streets Columbia has you covered. They're omni heat. Infinity jackets are the gold standard in warmth. Pushing the boundaries of innovation inspired by space blanket technology. Omni heat Infinity uses an expanded pattern of metallic gold dots to reflect more body heat, delivering instant warmth without compromising breathability. With Columbia's omni heat infinity, you'll feel the difference as thermal reflective technology wraps you in warmth. Whether you're hiking mountains or conquering your daily grind, learn more@columbia.com.


Looking for your next streaming obsession. Paramount Plus is a mountain of all new original dramas, including the series Everyone is talking about. Landman starring Billy Bob Thornton, John Ham, and Demi Moore Plus Lioness with Zoe Sna and Nicole Kidman and Tulsa King starring Sylvester Stallone. From Showtime comes the agency, a spy thriller starring Michael Fastbender and Richard Ge get the Paramount Plus with Showtime plan to start streaming today.


Should we, I think we should hear, are you guys ready to play your song? I'm also have one quick question. Ergonomically can is it easy to, to sing Seated? Is that not a challenge? It's A little harder. It is, right? Maybe not for this one, but I will say I thi this is not, this is the opposite of a flex. You know, this is the opposite of Flex. I am worried about distorting on the mic. Okay. Because I ha I, not that I am like, because I'm so, my voice is so big, but it's because like beautiful balance. I have to get very loud to Yeah. Yeah. Hit that show. Reading you notes. So I just wanna make sure that that, you know, I don't know Rob, Rob is prepared.


Okay. Alright. He's riding it like a New, HES hard too. He rides it like a, A bazillion strip. Oh yeah. You're smart. Oh, This is great. You've got on your knees. That's A compromise. It's more the right, it's gotta be No, no, no, no. I don't wanna stand. No. Then it just gets awkward, right? Yeah. When you stand Up and then if it doesn't tell me If you have this, If you stand and you go like, oh, I'm gonna need to stand and you don't hit it, It's, and don't fucking the Worst. And now you stood. Yeah. You don't absolutely soar. You are doing a lot for Standing. Why didn't it work? And you've got a built in excuse like, oh yes, I was sitting. Can you imagine what that would've sounded like if I was standing? Yeah.


Yeah. It would've been perfect. Yeah. That would be my preferred approach. Sure. It's nice to open a gift that's tied up with a perfect bow, but the greatest presence of all was given to me long ago. It's something I would never trade. It's the family that we hate. Because when we're together, I have everything on my list. And when we're together, I have all I wish all around the Christmas tree, there'll be dreams coming true.


But when we're together, then my favorite gift is you. I would travel miles and miles and I would follow any star. I'd go almost any place. If it's any place you're, because when we're too Get you, I'll forever feel at home. And when we're, we're together, be safe and warm where we are.


If you are here with me, because when we're together, that's my favorite together. It's a holiday every night. And when we're together, then the Season's bride. I don't need the, I don't, I I, Because when we're together, I could stay forever.


And when we're together, It's my favorite Time. Time of you. Oh, Beautiful. I'm crying. Do you have anything that, did you bring anything special? Yeah, I, I actually brought a, a little gift if that's okay. Well, I brought two gifts. One is in the fridge right now in the house, which my sister, who is a huge arm cherry. Huge, huge, huge. Oh. Couldn't let me show up without having us make some homemade Emily Burger sauce.


No. Amazing. Which Oh boy oh Boy is sugar free as well. We've made it sugar free. Made unnecessary, but that's great. That's great. In case let added Added Bone. Fantastic. Really slathered on Guilt Free. Not So there's some of that in the fridge in your home. She made Emily Burger sauce Only Burger right There. I've seen this photo because my sister sent it to me and said, you guys better fucking make that Emily Burger Sauce. Sauce. What's name Allie. She must be a genius. She really loves this show. She Loves this Show. She sounds so Smart and Compass Passionate and of all Yeah. She Is the best of us. Really. Aw. So, you know, I wanna make it very clear. You are the, you're my all time Queen of the Bell.


The ball. You're the number one singer in my heart of all time. So that, you know that. But I do need to talk about Ana's voice for a second. I when you have notes No, You're like a racehorse racehorses. They can like, can it walk? I don't know. Is it gonna, and then all of a sudden it fucking takes off and it's just like, whoa. Or like a, a car, a motor. You guys will know with a huge cam, it sounds like it's not even gonna roll, blah blah. And then you hit the gas and it fucking out of there. Yeah. There is something. So just Powerful And it just like, it, it just shoots into the air. It's really, yeah. I love it. I don't think I heard you sing enough. It's her Tamber. Is that what it is? It is.


So, yeah. Clear. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, that's so, and that's really, that's, that's the unteachable part too. Yeah. You can't teach Tamr. No. Can't teach Tamber. No. That's what they say. You can't teach Tamber can't teach Tamr can't teach Timur new tricks. Did you feel like after Pitch Perfect, everyone was saying that to you? Like, oh my God. No. I mean, I think Pitch Perfect the singing in Pitch perfect actually. Like I I, there was some reason that there was like a performance that my mom sent me, I don't know where they were dancing to the first movie. And I was like, oh, I haven't listened to this in forever. And I was like, I don't sound that good.


Oh my God. Because I think I was just sort of trying to look, because they make us made, they make us learn so many weird harmonies. Like, and you're, you're playing the percussion and you're playing, you know, like you're playing the guitar or whatever. Like, so you're just trying to like actually learn the notes and there's not a ton of time for you to decide like your musicality for each song. Yeah. So I was like, oh man, I don't sound As good. Oh my God. Well you sound amazing. I'm having a real time realization. Okay. I cannot believe I have not put this together before the thing, the song that I've listened to probably the most in my life is you and Justin Timberlake singing True Colors. Oh, Shut up. And I just now am realizing that that's you, because now I know you to some extent that I, I've like removed that as put it in its own compartment.


I used to watch that video on repeat. Wait, you Hold on. I think you knew that. 'cause we talked about the fact that I was walking by UCB. You were sitting behind the counter and I walked in and you were currently listening to that song at work. We've talked about it, but I didn't, I didn't realize it was our friend Anna Kendrick. Oh, okay. Okay. I mean, I did realize, but this Monica did not realize it in our heart until right this second. Wait, when you say the video, are you talking about the can performance? There Was a performance you guys did. I just watched it on YouTube over and over and over and over. And that worked. We were both really sick and Oh my God. Were You sitting There standing? I was standing. Thank God Had diarrhea is what I remember from the story. Yeah. Justin and Timber were like at her explosive diarrhea is what I No, but he's so, he's so sweet.


And I, we were both really, really sick. But he is like, you know, one of the great all time like pop recording artists, you know, whatever. So we had like, did a very, very simple version of two colors and like right before, and we just kept drilling it and drilling it and drilling it. And then like right before we were about to go on, he was just singing his part to himself and added in like 20 riffs or whatever. And I went, are you gonna do it like that? And he was like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's fine. It's fine, it's fine, it's fine. Because I was like, no, no, no. You have, you still have access to like so much of your voice, right. That I like do not have right now. No. It's the most beautiful. But he was very, very sweetly. Like, no, no, no. It's gonna be Exactly. I would do that. It's gonna be fine. Have you guys ever heard my version? I have to cover my face 'cause it'll make everyone uncomfortable.


This is like a rule, Monica. Okay. And I see And that's why I love you. I'm so wrong way. So don't be afraid. Be so sad. Go and go To call a beautiful like way. So long way. I, that was so cute. It's, I saw the whole thing because I had a vaccine. Exactly. Very. I had a lovely, I saw the whole Thing. BTFs, I think you got there because of Timberlake, Tam Lake.


We were talking about her timber. I think that's how you got there. Oh my God. Wow. Holy star. You searched Tamber, I think. Wow. Best Timber. I love that. Right. Oh, that was fantastic. Right Before this we, Gabe was mentioning the Emily Burger sauce and you said you had one more thing. Oh yeah. Oh, I do have another gift if that's okay. Yeah, yeah. No, there's a one gift limit here. This day has been field, field. I'll take that from the top. Take that Again. Great. Please do. Everyone reads that back. The one, keep it rolling. Rob, Don't cut. Am I stand? Sit? Doesn't matter. It'll come out the same Standing is the opposite of sitting. Sitting. Yeah. I do have another gift actually for you guys. If, If you don't mind.


I, it goes like this. The day has been filled with holiday cheer, but I know that it can't last. So before we run along, I wrote a little song about the king of this podcast. Oh. Oh wow. Oh, Wobbe Wobs. The reason I signed up for this pod. Sure the hosts are fine, but I'd wait in line for that audio. God, Monica is chic as hell. Her fact checks make it clearer, but without the work of Wobbe Wob, you could even hear her Dax is wise, the kind of guy you'd hang out with.


Gladly. But he's nothing in comparison to that Decibel daddy as Monica and Dax, I'd say no thanks, I'll pass just Kristen and Anna. I would've made other planner While he Wants. The reason I'm here, the rest is Bobbi Wabs. The reason I'm here, feel free to cut this, The Reason I'm here. Wow. It's about God damn time. Rob deserves the gift. Yeah, I write him like a rented mule. So he deserved that. Do you wanna put Poke to Show your face?


He'd rather not. No, absolutely not. Oh, that was awesome. I love that. That was incredible. The Best. And I was totally like going between you and Rob's face and you'd never know something weird was happening. I mean, I'm sure If you know him well, there's like micro expressions you could read. But I was like, is he, does he, is he? Listen, you know what's going On. This Is crazy. Don't go. Can he hear? That's a plot twist. You can't even Here. Gabe, do you have a favorite Christmas present? You remember from a your, your childhood? Gosh, in gosh, Michigan on Big Beaver Road, exit 69 in Rochester. The first Thing in Michigan on Big Beaver Road exit 69 Rochester.


That comes to my mind is getting a, getting my first like brick cell phone. Oh. At the time that I was texting, I had a crush at the time. And so it was the kind of texting you did where you had to do the A BCT Nine, T nine text plus A T nine. She knows a a, That kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah. So it was a lot of that cell phone. What grade? I think it was sixth grade that I got my first phone. And you you had a big old crush in sixth grade. Early developer crush In sixth grade. So I was, timber was coming in nicely. What's up shoddy? How are A G two G? And I imagine then too you had some limited data on your hands. Oh yeah. Oh, for sure.


Precious. There was no, yeah, it was not, it was very limited. Yeah. You gotta be real efficient with that nine. A lot of texts to the same number showing up on the bill at the end Of it. Jacob, do you have a favorite gift you got? Yeah, I can recall. A, a nice dino GT bicycle waiting out front one Christmas morning. You son Of a bitch? Yeah. Blue, red, white and blue. Red, white and blue. Red White and blue. Would it make you so long way? Yeah, dude, I was cruising all over the neighborhood on that thing, man. It was great. You Had a fucking Dino. You Remember Dino gts? Yeah. You're A dick. Yeah, I had a, I had a fucking Mongoose case. I was gonna say kids either had Dinos or Mongooses Mongos. No kids had Mongooses and they wanted Dinos. Cool. Yeah. Yeah.


What did your old man do for a Nah, he sold insurance. It was Oh, I bet he did quite well. Yeah. Yeah. He had one client. I don't know, I don't think he did well to be honest with you. He was always on the phone with Muriel Jacobs. I don't know who the hell that was. It was, sorry guys. Shout out Muriel Jacob. It's like old Gates' pseudonym. Do you have one? Maybe an easy baked oven. Yeah. That's A, yeah, that's a real dream. Because also, you know, love a little baking moment. But I also love slightly under baked, baked goods. And the ev Easy Bake oven really delivers on that. Oh, it does, It does not barely gets there. It's a, it's a light bulb right? That cooks the food. Yeah. So you get like warm cookie dough, which is really what I wanted in the first place.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's right. Do you like giving gifts? I'm bad at like birthdays and Christmas. 'cause when I like know of something that I really wanna get someone I'm too excited and I'm like, I just give it when I, I can't like what you think of it. Yeah. I can't do the delayed gratification. I'm bad at birthdays and Christmas as if there's a bunch of other gift opportunities. You're just straight across the board. Bad at gifts. If you're bad at birthdays and Christmas pretty bad. But, but ever, like, every now and then there's a fucking winner. And like, I cannot go like, well, Christmas is in two months and I'll just save it. I I can't do it. Yeah. It's happening now when You think of somebody, you get it and then you give it. Yeah. Yeah. That's lovely. I feel like you're Like that. And I don't want anyone to think I'm being rude not asking you, but we both know. I Won't Remember.


You have no clue. Yeah. We have been on vacations to places that she's, she's like, I'd like to go to Colorado once we've been a couple times. You know, that kind of thing. Not me, man. I'd like to throw in, in the mix please. That we got you a chandelier. Oh. From Perry. Now that I really remember tracked on now we shot the, the season finale, the se the, the series finale of the Good Place in Greece and in Paris. And when I was in Paris, I went to the flea market there. And I was looking around around and I loved it so much and I saw this white terracotta chandelier that's kind of like, it's huge.


And it's like there's all these little like white terracotta birds all over it. But it's very, it's kind of minimalist. It's very chic. Just trust me. Oh, very, very. And I said, how much is that? And he said, and I was like, okay, thanks so much. It was way too expensive. And then I left. But I came home talking about it and I was like, oh Monica, I gotta talk to you about decor. I saw this chandelier and I loved it so much. And then 10 months go by, I mean like a very, very long time. Maybe even a year over. And Monica had the realization that she could track down someone. I was who lived in Paris that I had known who could go back and see who was still there. The masseuse. You guys are both in love with Laurent? No, it was not. No, that's not a bit, just sign Off. There is a great masseuse in Paris.


I will, I mean half of it is just like hair play, but it is out of this. Oh. And there's a dinner involved. And you go to his apartment. No, we went to dinner. That's not normally on the docket. It's not one of the services he offers. But then Monica tracked down this chandelier from our beautiful friend Tabor. And they gave it to me for my 40th birthday and now it hangs above my bathtub. It's, you have to go. So beautiful. So beautiful. I'm gonna, it's a really special. What's Your favorite gift you've ever received on Christmas by far. And I just shout out to Laura Lebo 'cause we were broke as hell. But she went hard on Christmas. We had great fucking Christmas. She would go in debt and she always gave us a good one.


And I was, I must've been five 'cause we lived in this shit hole. And I came out and there was a, a plastic indie car, like the size of this table. It was a probably like would be a Power Wheels. Now I don't know if that was the brand back then, but it was a little car I could drive. Mm. And I drove it until the battery's dead. Then I charged it, then I drove it and then I drove it. And the embarrassing part is I drove it way too long. Then we moved into a neighborhood and I was still, I was driving it at like 11. Sometimes I'd get nostalgic and I would drive it down my neighborhood street and I would be super embarrassed, but I still would do it. Yeah. I just, the steering wheel broke and I steered it with players for a while. Yeah. Awesome.


This wasn't the Firefox was it? No, that was my worst present because my grandpa Papa Bob, he bought my brother and I, these Firefox remote control cars. We wanted 'em so bad. And then my uncle and my brother played with them before Christmas for so long that they were broken and then put them in the boxes and we unwrapped them and they were broken and then they were sold out of Firefox. Oh no. And then this is my chandelier. My what's the sleds name? Oh, union Bud Rosebud. This was my Rosebud. And Kristen found a Firefox on eBay or somewhere and got it for me for Christmas. And she healed that wound and it, it, it broke within 10 minutes of dry.


So I can't even blame my Uncles. Oh, these are pieces of shit. These fire Yeah. Don't like easy bake ovens, essentially. Yeah. They were the easy bake oven of the RC car world for sure. Yeah. Okay. What other songs do we have? This one's a song that everyone's gonna know, but Gabe and I like this particular version, which is Mel Torme and Judy Garland, which we're gonna do it with them in mind. Okay. Because it's very clear during this recording that they are sauced. Okay. They're little, Little tipsy. There's yeah, there's some word mangling. There's, there's just, It's just Good for them. Mostly on the Judy part. Mostly on the Judy part. Yeah. So Judy was pretty gassed. Yeah.


She had a hard life. Did she really did. Did she? Yeah. What Was her? Oh yeah. What was her? It's Like a crazy story. Well, she, we Britney speared her. Yeah. Oh, she was the first Britney Spears. Okay. Yeah. So yeah. So we have this little one prepared in the Rob cue. All the crickets. Oh my God. Are there crickets in here? So fucking mini. I told you this, someone was having a very emotional moment on the couch and the second they were having this emotional moment, the cricket started. How'd you do that? If you hit them, they, they'll come. They're In the garage, you know. You know what we need to get Nice. A snake. Good idea. Well let's have a snake in here. We're wandering around the podcast If you, Well what if we brought, I got even, even better idea.


What If you not know what Monica's number one fear in life is. Yeah. Snakes butt. Snakes. Me too upper butt. Well the come out of the snake coming out of your toilet bowl. Yeah. They cut going up Your butt from the Toilet bowl they cut out and they go all the way up into your They do they cut out your butt. No, no, No. Come out your, Do you know, have you FactCheck this? Yeah. It's a real rumors, a real rumor. What if Erica brought Norbert over? They're lizard. Although he, last time I heard he wasn't eating for a while and she was very nervous. Yeah. He's upset about the election. He's on strike. Yeah, He's on strike. Okay, so this is Garland Smashed and this Is Mel and Mel Torme. Yeah. Trying to keep it together. Yeah.


All through the years we've weighed ahead. That's a great meltdown. Waited through spring and fall though. This one's gonna know it. Yeah. To hear silver bells ringing and winter time singing The happiest season of all. And I wish that Judy Garland would start singing right now. Chest knot roasting on an open fire. Jack Frost nipping at, you know, You tied Carols being sung by a choir and folks dressed up from head to tall.


Everybody knows, oh the Turkey and some missile Joe. Hell help to Make the season bright. Tiny talks with their eyes. All Love will Find it hard to sleep tonight They Know that sand on his way Is Loaded. Lots of G and toys up on his Close sand.


Every mother's child is gonna fly to see if rainbows Really know how to fly. And so I offer this simple frame to kids from one to 92. Although It's been said many times, many ways charisma To you.


Should we have a Godem, some old English shower? Sure. Love and joy Come to you and to you. All your loved ones to, and God bless you and send you a happy New year. And God A we can take that on the road. Yeah. Yeah, we can do that. Do a great Mel tour, man. Thank you. Thank you. You guys cut. Just need three, four more songs and you got a show.


Stay tuned for more armchair expert If you dare.


We are supported by 23 and Me Plus Total Health. As the year winds down, we often spend time reflecting on what's important. Well, taking proactive steps to take care of your own health is one of the most loving things we can do for the people who love us. And with 23 and Me, you can do just that With 23 and Me Plus Total Health, you'll receive advanced genetic screening, giving you a lifetime of insight into your potential future disease risks. It can help lead to early detection and even prevention. It's a longevity platform that helps you be proactive about your health. With cutting edge genetic testing and biomarker analysis, you can create a health plan that is tailored just for you. As you know, I've been, we're both in this study. Yes. And I've been going back to 23 and me and ordering different results. Ah. Which is so cool. It's all sitting there for me to do. Oh, That's so cool. 'cause we've done it before. Yes. And we really loved what we learned. Also do it as a family or like as a friendship. It's really fun to read. So you get your results and you can read them together. It's fun. It is. Advocate for your health today. Go to 23 and me.com/dax for your limited time offer. That's 23 me.com/dax.


We are supported by Netflix. Have you ever found the House of your Dreams only to learn? It has Dark Secrets. Netflix's new series, no Good Deed follows. Three families vying to buy a 1920 Spanish style villa that they think will solve their problems. But as the sellers discover, sometimes the home of your dreams can be a total nightmare. I love this show. I gotta give a personal stamp of approval. It's so good. Also, A 1920 Spanish style villa. It's a gorgeous house. You wanna live in it. No good deeds. Starring Lisa Kudrow and Ray Romano is now playing only on Netflix.


We are supported by Anytime Fitness. If you've been considering starting a fitness journey or if you're actively pursuing fitness goal, anytime Fitness has everything you need, not just for bigger muscles, but for a bigger, better life. The right equipment, easy anytime. Access to more than 5,000 global locations and expert coaching to help optimize your personalized training, nutrition, and recovery plan. Both in person and in app. I got an Anytime Fitness membership for my brother one year for Christmas. Oh you did? I did. And oh, that's a great gift. It Was a very big hit. Mm. Anytime Fitness is convenient with flexible, always open hours at thousands of locations worldwide. And an app that you can use anytime, anywhere. They have all the equipment you need to reach your goals. And Anytime Fitness is focused on creating an inclusive community vibe with welcoming members who push and inspire each other to reach their goals and have fun along the way. So what are you waiting for? Get started at Anytime. fitness.com.


Rainbows Really know how to fly. There S so good. I'll nod to it at all. It just, that's what she wanted to sing. Yeah. It came out of her mouth. No one's gonna argue with it. It was Judy Gardner. No, wait, that didn't really happen. Well, yes. Yeah. Yeah. That's the And we just did the track. Yeah. She said Rainbows really know how to Yes. Rainbows. Wait, did She do the gifts and toys? Oh, I at you say that's because I was like, that's crazy. That Hilarious. Then I looked and it was like she, like Kristen crossed, crossed out the right to Wasn't an accident that was close. She was exhaust gone. That gets you out of the copyright issue. Just throw rainbows in. It's great for those who dunno. It's, it's titled The Christmas song. But that is really, that's an incredible version.


That's my favorite version. And I really wanted to try it with you. And they kept it too. They were like, she said, they're like, Mike, you, she said rainbows, right? Yeah. Just keep it. Okay, Well I think that well rainbows lower the rainbow. Of course. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, there's like a knob. I like. Well maybe the Rainbows is her being like, get it. Yeah. Yes it was. And I think that was live. 'cause I think Mel was playing. Yeah. There's a video online that you can see of him playing. Really? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Because most of the, a lot of those songs from way back when they were just taken from live performances. They weren't like doing 'em in the studio. Right. They were like, you can hear the live tracks on Oh Yeah. Oh man, that was funny. That was delish. Do we wanna do our, our, our culinary surprise? Ooh, yes. I just wanna say that we were talking yesterday in a fact check and I was lamenting about how bad I am at giving gifts and then Monica said, we'll, think of secret Turkey.


So fun. 'cause you have to make it. And then I thought, okay, that's what I'm gonna do. Ooh, great. So we'll all go outside. There's a buffet set up. What? And we'll make a plate and then we can eat an open presents. Okay. Sounds lovely. Sound. Wow. A buffet. People can pee if they need to. Wow. Goodness. On my word of the day today, it was ba humbug. No. And I learned the full meaning in the 17th century, 18th century. Somewhere on the cusp. Ba essentially meant not right. It was a sign of disagreement.


And humbug meant a hoax or a buff fooling trick. So If you didn't like the merry season, you would say not this is a hoax. Oh, interesting. Okay. You're not reading. I'll open first. I always thought it was two words, Bob. It's Oh, it is. Oh. Oh, okay. Okay. It's a phrase. Okay. Now full disclosure, I have help for Kristen's Christmas. I don't want to act like she has this stylist, Nicole, who has the best taste of any person in the world. Everything Nicole gets, Kristen wants. So at three years ago I was like, Hey Nicole, since you know what she's gonna want, could you help me?


So I have a lot of help, but I still, I feel unethical about that. So I still get some stuff on my own. So if this is a miss, it's because Nicole had nothing to do with this. And look at, this is your, is wicked theme for Your Now that's where Carly comes in, I think. 'cause I just did the wrap job and I did not affix the ribbon. I did Oh, I, I knew it would be you or her. Oh, the games you two play. I see. Also shout out to Carly for, let's see if I can get Dax to lie about wrapping this and then go. Gotcha. It was a total trap. I walked right into it. And then shout out Carly for putting out the, the buffet outside. Oh, Incredible. Did you do the garlic bread too? She made the garlic bread. I made the spaghetti sauce.


Both are absolutely delicious. Our listeners have heard a lot about the spaghetti, so I want them to It's good that they get to frame See it? Yeah. In action. It's in Incredible. Crank is in the title on this book. Oh Yeah, that's, there you go. That's right. That's Right. Yep. That's exactly where it goes. Panda prank with a shoe footprint. Like from a murder mystery. Ooh. Ooh. You're a hiker. I am a hiker. Ooh. Wow. Nice. Ooh, really nice. Ooh, these are sleek hiking shoes, buddy. Thank you. Yeah. Some collab between Panda Prank and Nike. I love Those are gorgeous.


That's a sexy shoe. Oh, thank you. This is a hit. Oh, thank you. One for one. One for one. Yes. Because I should quit. I should just return the rest of your presence. Actually, I love Them. I don't Why is the box so big? If you loved them so much, you'd be putting them on. That's what I would do. A pair of shoes. I love. What, what's Canda prank? They're like, they do, you know, one-off designs of existing brands is my understanding of it. Oh cool. Yeah. 'cause now I'm in their algorithm. 'cause I bought one pair of shoes. So I see every single pair of shoes they design and they're all pretty cool. Nice. Okay. Jacob's not eating, so I'm gonna give him his present. Great. I have a present. You got a present? What the Heck?


Also, I learned at the Buffet bar that you're in Wolf Pack. Which drive? I can't believe I didn't know that. That's so embarrassing to me. I'm The newest member. It's totally okay. Oh, whoops. This looks delicious. Is this wine? Yes it is. Thank God I love wine. I wasn't sure What it was. And then reach on down in that. Reach on down. Reach on down. Reach on down. Let's go. Ooh, What is this? Do you know? I love this wine bar and I used to live next to it. Wait, I was just guessing. Wait, no. Did you know this or no? I Just guessed. No, someone told you. Who told you? Kristen does her research.


We Wow. Yeah. Whoa. Santa told me. Santa told We have, we have three world class present givers in this room right now. I have to throw. Yeah. This is an amazing gift. Thank you so much. I have to shout out Justine's wine bar in Frogtown. I love Justine. Oh, she's the best. Mm. And I, I, I used to live right next to it and it was too convenient and I had to move. Have to She drove you out of the Neighborhood. No, no, no. It it, this is awesome. Thank you so much. I couldn't live within five miles of Emily Burger. Yeah, that's true. I I would be dead within six, seven years I think. Oh My. Okay. We're gonna, We're gonna Thank you. It's a huge beaver. Here We go. The biggest beaver you've ever seen.


I love Beavers. Oh my God. Tell everyone what happened to yours. Okay. Ooh, Somebody talked to my wife because what happened to mine was, I, I don't know how it happened. I was on the phone with my AirPods on, turned my head in some way. I'm dramatic, I dunno what happened. Theatrical. Yeah. A theater kid at heart. I'm a theater kid. You, you know, you're, you're given what you're given. And my one of them flew out and went under the fridge in a way that I spent an embarrassing amount of time trying to fish it out. But the fridge in our apartment is so stuck into the space that it's in that I can't get it out.


So I have the case and the other AirPod, and I can see where the AirPod is and I cannot get to it. I've used magnets. I use That's Excruciating. It's brutal. It's absolutely brutal. So this is huge, Anna, you're not gonna like this, but, Oh no, I didn't know. I didn't think I didn't bring anything. You don't need anything. You don't need to, Don't need to bring anything. Yeah. I'm not doing your Christmas show. You're doing okay. Our Christmas show. I, we were interviewing you and Oh, oh God. What did I say? Oh God. You were talking about going to your audition in your combat boots. I know what this is. Ooh. And I said, I know what this is.


Yep. And it broke my heart that you wouldn't have the best And Boots a lady can have. Wait, how did you find out my shoe? I asked you your shoe Size. That's right. And I thought it was for, I thought I, I can't believe I didn't like, think. Well, I, they asked for my shoe size. Where are shoes? I figured you'd be wearing like silly elf slippers Or something that would've made the most sense. Oh My goodness. Now watch how nervous Kristen is because she was a part of me looking online for these and the Well, I tried to be. Yeah. There were ones I liked where she was like, hun, absolutely not. And then I just waited till she left. And then I decided, okay.


Yep. I hope they're the, absolutely not, They were not, they were a compromise. But I still love them. They're perfect. They have fur. They're fur. The boots with the fur. With the fur For you shorty. Platform is great. Those are sweet. Who's talking? I love a platform too. I'm here for it. I love it. Thank you So much. It's got a side zipper so you don't have have to fuck with the laces. It does really nice. Huge. Yeah. Thank you. Because In, yeah, in my last episode, we were talking about my audition for my Broadway show when I was 12 and I was wearing combat boots and ducks asked if they were Doc Martins, and I said, no. I think they were like, the Payless pay less knock off. 'cause we couldn't afford them.


So this is amazing. I said, my girl chant ever wear the all love the, it's a great brand. Payless. It's just docs for me. Were the thing. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, great. Wait, see? She loves hers. She's about to put hers on, on the Wrapping paper. Is green and pink on the Inside? Yeah, it's a wick. Damn. You really did all that. Really did all that. Oh God. Oh God. I'm gonna knock over everything. Mon, can I present you with a present? Sure. I also have to say one thing. I bought you something. Thank you. It says it came. Yeah. Here. I searched the entire house today. It's not here. It's okay. I reordered it, so thank you. Wait, but in, in the meantime, I Don't need things.


You're a woman of means you can buy your own shit. I buy my own own Things. Yay. Oh sweet. The original mouse Dax drew this. Wow. And I used it on my gift guide and now it's, it's on our sweatshirt for this year. I thought you should have the original. This Was the original drawing. I love it. Thank you so much. What Does it say? The world's all time, most special mouse in quotes. Sometimes I think you guys forget this is a podcast. 'cause we didn't say those were AirPods. We didn't say these were docs. Oh, hey. That's why I said, is this one.


Oh. 'cause I'm like, Jacob, We're looking for someone to turn the entire show over to. So This could be fucking perfect. Whoa. Look on you. Can I say these are, these are on the doc best. Oh, man, Thank you. I, I don't know what I think that maybe I own like one pair of Doc Martens in my early twenties and I don't know, I found 'em very stiff. Maybe I was a knockoff or maybe I got the wrong pair or something. But immediately these feel great. They Used to be way stiffer. Is That right? Yes. Yeah, because I'm like, wait, I was expecting these to be like kind of a pain. Yeah. But they feel amazing instantaneously. And There's a hack. You put them in the freezer overnight shut and take them out when they're cold and put them directly on is when leather's cold.


As it as it will sort of, I guess melt. Essentially it will form to your foot. Shut Up. Oh my God. These feel amazing. Also, if we're not, not doing a good job talking about the items, I guess you should just watch it on YouTube. Yeah. And that's the move Wbi Wob. Yeah. I want, I, I, yeah. Sorry. W Yeah. Let's get you seated for this come birthday. Boy. Come. You got your own song. But that's not where it ends. Also the present. I got you two. I need you to open at the same time. Okay. I'm excited to see how Mama handled this. I just want to say for this one, Kristen spent at least seven and a half hours on the phone this week and was unsuccessful.


Wow. Is that a good setup? Merry Christmas. Ooh. Ooh. Four nights at Tarina Resort. Tara Tyra. Oh, Have you ever been? It's really Nice. It's so, It's, it's so fun. It's so close. Your kids will love it. There's a little slide. It. The, the fucking buffet is the best in the best. It's off the charts. It's good for parents and adults. Oh, Jesus Christ. Again. Yours. Lock up. William. Thank you. Thank you. This is great.


Great. No Anymore, I think, do we? Yeah. I, we have a lot more. Two, I got presents for you two. That's for you. That's for me. Yep. Okay. We that in the big one. That In the big one. And what's that for? Money, Monica. Okay. Thank You so much. You go baby. I'll get this. Don't, about the armchair expert wrapping paper. Good old wrapping. Okay. You wanna go first? Ladies first? Oh, sure. This is from Wabi wa Tallest. Who's again, I gotta say, when I said there's three exemplary gift givers in this room.


Wwa is, He is. He is be Amazing. I'd also like to comment on the paper, because what I'm not hearing is a bunch of like crazy crunch wrap because this paper, there is a real, there is a hierarchy with wrapping paper. And this one has a fabric type quality it quality to it. It almost feels like, Like a dress. Ooh. Maybe you should wear it as a dress. Okay. But it's delicious wrapping paper. Wbi wob. Real high end. Ooh. That must have cost You a fortune. And is that because I mean Amazon, yeah. Far out. No, I mean that would make sense to me. Yeah, that's what, on a set it would be. Oh wow. When you get that stupid fucking Shopping bag. Grocery rubber For the, For the listener.


There's a wrap present inside the rapid present. It is a wrap. Within a wrap. It's the nesting Do Skeleton inside of a sand. Kind of like the hat on the hat. Is there gonna be another Oh boy. Oh, he did. Oh. Got box in a box. And this paper is Alograph. Shut up. Ooh. Oh, has it duck Queen Alograph, you guys, that's what it's called Now. Again, the, If you, if you're listening, you can't smell. It's, and even if you're watching, you can't smell it. It's True. On YouTube, you can smell it. Yeah. There's this a button you like. It's not great. Know that Is, that's a gift in itself.


You smelled It. Smell. Okay. Wow. Did you spray something or is it that? How it goes? Wow. God, it's really Nice. I'm telling you, he, he's got like a little workshop at his house. The high end wrapping store. They Have a lot. We're down down to the actual gift. Is there a store or you what? Your gift also didn't come in. It's supposed to come today. Oh my God. Oh my God. It's my dream punch. Is that a real picture? No. Yeah. I spent time in her dreams. In my dreams. Oh. And it's a picture. It's a picture of me. Okay, well, for the listener and not the viewer, there's a Sweater coming. Oh, thank you. Aw.


Oh my gosh. How sweet. But this is the real gift. It's a picture of me with Mary Kay and Ashley, and I look like I'm friends with them. You're in the sweater That's coming. Oh, it's so cute. Iconic. Unbelievable. That's great. I love it. And I, I'll buy these pants for sure. Oh, okay. This one, this one can live like that. And that's a manifest because they're gonna come on at some point. Thank you, Rob. That's so sweet. Okay, now I need you guys open. Go ahead, Rob. Open. But you, can you open yours of this too? Race? Quick, Quick. The listener. It seems to be a race. And Dax is in the lead and Is Overdo Estate.


Los Angeles, California. Ooh. Ooh. These are really nice. You know About these. Whoa. What is this? Olive oil. All was olive oil, but they were personalized. It pairs nicely with elk. Mine says Wabi-sabi for Wbi. Wbi. Wow. Personalized. And for people who don't know, Jax has been on a real kick of eating elk lately. And so in the mornings he has elk and eggs, which makes the house smell terrible, but is actually pretty tasty. And then he gets like 160 grams of protein during breakfast. That's a lot of Protein. And now I'll get a little, I'll get a little old Megan too. Yeah, yeah. And let's both say something at the same time. 3, 2, 1. Oh God.


For the listener. I almost kiss rubs lips. Okay, here we go. Yeah, I'm just not, I've ever since I learned that about that landing strip, I'm just having the most confusing feelings about you. Oh, Dax is opening the present from Ron. You blame at one point that you didn't have enough knickknacks behind you and Monica had more. Oh, Rodman and Isaiah Thomas. 88, 89 pistol at Nice. Was nice. We were too young, But that was the team. Oh my God. Oh, That's Great. Was that an eBay? Nope. It was Target. Oh, Cool. Target had that, but had those two guys together from 1989, They won back to back titles. No. Yeah. But The Target had that.


That's, I know, I'm, that's Red Point. That's wild. Yeah. A very, yeah. Very deep cut for Target, right? Yeah. Amazing. Oh, This is great. Oh, this is, you got a big one. Oh, I got a biggie. Whoa. Oh, great. And this has a Yeti wrapping paper. Not to be confused with the cooling brand. An actual Yeti. Oh, does it smell? Is it a smell graph? Having Trouble opening The package? I'm gonna, here's what I'm gonna do. I'm playing a game where you guys will see it first and try to Describe it to you. Guess guessing on your reaction. I'm gonna see if I can figure out what it's, I'm guessing on our reaction. Okay. Okay. Well it is for the for Whoa. It is it.


It's a, Oh my God. Car accident. Oh my God. A piece of art. It's a piece of art. Oh, Piece of Gabe. It seems like it might be a bad car accident. Is that what it is? Oh, it's someone eating a corpse. Oh Wow. Rob. That's beautiful. So It's this Australian artist, Bella McGoldrick. Oh wow. Pencil Drawing. It's a pencil drawing. It's beautiful. It looks like I Was gonna ask. Yeah, 15 of 20 I read at the bottom. Oh, I love limited Your eyes aren't that good. How'd you get that Check my work. No, you, you got it. Yeah. But we both know you and I are blind. That's True. Yeah. I don't know. Somehow I caught it. Wow. Oh my God. That's gorgeous. Wa Wab.


Thank you. Hustle. Wow. Thoughtful son of a bitch. 3, 2, 1, 3, 2, 1. We say something, you're not going back in. What's the name of the Artist? Rock. And then you two have one. Bella Goldrich. Beautiful. We have one more. You two have another one from me. Oh My gosh. Okay. They're the white boxes. Okay. Wait, I know this Paper. Three. Well, Monica, they don't deserve this. Well, What they make boys. I we're about to find out. Oh, They do Make, But let's make sure, I mean, also, obviously we can return if things don't fit.


Oh. But it was imperative that everyone in this room had something from the row based on how much we talk about it. Wow. Wow. Beautiful. So you're welcome. But if it doesn't fit, obviously. Oh wow. Lemme see. Oh, yours. Okay. Yours. A little thinner. Yours. More of a springtime. Mine's more like, let's hit the slope. Yeah. Oh, thank you, mommy. You welcome. That's beautiful. And I got a rose sweater too. It all worked out. All came out the wash. Okay. So we've had our pasta. We've had some desserts. It's time to land the plane hard with some more music. So Musical director.


What's our next offering? Oh, Monica requested Olan zine. I did. I love Aw. Two, three, acquaint. And never brought should old Acquaint. And Be Forgot. And of old L my dear will take a of yet for a hand.


Hand. We take the car yet for L my dear for are we'll take a yet.


Yay. Yay. I don't even like that song. And I loved it. I like it With some. Thank you. That was very special. Oh, that was good. It Was really fun to sing that for the first time two days ago. And because it was like, oh, we don't really know it yet. But that was already so fun. I like to picture my whole year when I hear it. Oh, oh, wow. The one you just had or the one you're about to watch. The one I just had. It's by, it's by. Oh, You were doing like the Apple photo thing. And what's the verdict on this year? Oh, Oh, it was a complicated year. Yeah. But, but a good a building year.


Oh, building, building year. Wow. Was Like deep. Ask me, hit me. It Was like, oh, how Old? Yeah. What's the verdict on this year for you, dad? Oh, It was, it was, it was good. It was good. It was a building year. I'm stronger for it. Yeah. Well, doesn't kill you, makes you stronger. No, I had a great fucking year. I really did. It was a lovely year. We had a lot of fun trips. Kids just get more and more and more interesting and funny and more fun to be around. Yeah. We had a great year work-wise. Yeah. And another a great Year. Yeah. This was a good year. And I kinda, the big one. Oh, we should get Erica. We have a closer.


Yeah. We're gonna bring in a closer closing picture. Ooh. Mm. And this, a lot of people know. Perfect. 10 Charlie and they know he's married to Erica and they've met Perfect. 10 Charlie on here. And now you're gonna get to meet Erica on here. And If you listened to Synced Erica had made an appearance on Synced and people were like, she needs to be on every epic Episode. She's a boss bitch. Yeah. She's a tough, cool radical. The kind of gal that Kristen falls in love with. Yeah. Erica's a very powerful presence. Assertive. She's very decisive. Assertive. She's also can, she can wail. She's got such a beautiful voice. Hi Erica. You're no stranger to some side. Zippy.


Welcome. I Christmas time is here. Happiness and cheer. Oh, this is Oh, cozy. Cozy. It's tight. Cozy. Hi. Cute sweater. Thank you. Hi Erica. Welcome to the program. Hi. We gave you an intro, but you weren't in the room. No, I'm here now. We sang your praises. Pull that mic a little closer to yourself. Okay. Hi. Although you got a big old fucking powerful I'll You'll That's right. I'll turtle it. Well, Rob said He's gonna ride it. Do you want this for when you Ride it? He's gonna ride. He's gonna what? Anyways, in our intro, we said you're P people know.


Perfect. 10 Charlie. Yes. Yes. Perfect Sky. It's a beautiful bride that That's right. Yes. Here takes a big woman to live up to those looks. And boy does she do it. I'm a pitch hitter today. Get it. Get it. Ah, musical theater jokes I Love. Well, earlier you said we hitter. I did. And so she said she's a pitch hitter. Yeah, like a hit hitter. I got it. Yeah. Great. It's a really cool theater. Kids are typically cool. They're generally rocking school. That's the theme of today. That's right. They're pollies though. That's the only thing I don't like about 'em. They're always shoving guys in lockers And it's singing about it. Okay. I also just wanna say, for my money, this is my favorite Christmas song in the world.


This is number one. You say that right before we start it. No pressure. Yeah. Oh, that's too much pressure. Okay. Just broke up. I broke one. One of the rules. That's all right. Theater Rules. But I love that. You love and that why is, why it was important to get it. 'cause Charlie Brown Christmas is very important to us. Hmm. It's the not it's the one, It's it's it's the one to watch. Yeah. Who brought you to the party? That's right. It's our first Christmas cartoon. That's right. I'm gonna tell one second story. This was my mother encouraged me to do this. Back in the old days, I was trying to explain this to our children and they could not conceptualize what I was saying. I was like, girls, there was only three channels. That's it. And, and, and If you didn't see it, you missed it. And there was no way to record it. And these bastards in Detroit, you had two, four, and seven, they would counter program.


So you'd have The Grinch on channel two at eight, and you would have Charlie Brown and Channel four at eight and you had to fucking pick. And you were seven. And it was not cool. And my mother said, you should write a letter to the stations. And I did. I wrote a letter to the stations and they did not respond. Oh, Well. But I do think streaming might be a result of that letter. Right. And now you can watch it. It's on, what is it on Apple Plus? Oh, Right now, Charlie Brown's on Apple Plus, and I think everyone can watch it for free right now. I think Apple, that particular cartoon can be watched on Apple Plus for Free. And it's the one to watch. Yeah. Charlie Christmas, watch it last night. Christmas Miss and Cheer Fun for all that children call Snowflakes the air carol's every holding times and ancient rhymes of songs and dreams to share slaves in the air, beauty everywhere.


Feel by the fireside and joyful memories. Christmas time iss, and fun for all that Children call every time. Yay. There we go. Now we're talking Apple Plus. Now Christmas is here.


Amazing. Oh my God. Beautiful Guys. That that is so hard what they just did, man. It is. That is so cool. This was Kristen. She and, oh, you guys just did this in your choir class, so she's just coming off of hearing it with like 25 of you singing. That's right. So I just want to thank you from the bottom of my heart because I know that's not how you want to do it. And Dax was like, just sing it alone. I was like, I cannot Sing it alone. That will ruin the integrity of the arrangement. I must Have Erica pop in and do the alto part That doesn't align with your values. We squished that in Made It Happen. It's a good time for Defy. That's right. That's right. Tell us what your choir class, you wanna tell the world about Your choir class.


Choir class. So fun. Well, we were talking a long time ago about how if you're an adult and you have hobbies, like you like to dance, or Maybe you played baseball in high school, you could go do that again. You could join a league, you could, you know, you could take a dance class, a professional, you can do that. Yeah. Just for fun. And so we were like, you can't do that anywhere singing wise. And so we're like, well, do we have to make it right? And Erica, who knows everything about publicity and marketing, she was like, let's beta test this. And after I looked that up, I was like, yes, let's do that. And we like basically emailed DMed a bunch of like local singers that we know, some that aren't local, some people that we know that have different jobs, but just like really, really whale.


And one of the coolest things is when we first started and now it's like probably 35 of us. Yeah. And about 25 or 28 come every week. And it's like, that's sort of rotating. You got A bogey too, right? You guys all have a guy No one knows which I love. Oh, now you probably do. Yep. He's The best. He's Absolute best. Good for, we don't know how he got there, but he's incredible. And now he helps us set up and it's wonderful. He bakes bread and the, you're not supposed to eat stuff from strangers. Well, we are eating in this choir. We're eating a lot of stuff from stranger. Everybody bakes something. We bring wine, we sit around, we harmonize together. If you don't love a pot light look, it's not for you. And one of the first times when we were at a theater, there was a security guard at the theater.


And halfway through the class he starts just riffing. Oh. And it was the most beautiful Oh, wow. Sounds we had ever. And we were like, whoa, whoa. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Whoa, sir, sir, that Like goodwill hunting. I was gonna say get on in here. And he was singing with us and we've had a lot of drop-ins of like very cool people. And it's just been a, it's been very soul fulfilling. It's lovely. Yeah. It's a great group. That's such a cool thing you guys did. It's so casual. Yeah, we just socialize. It's great. I can't go to my a meeting anymore, but that's okay. I'm sure we prioritize the right thing in the house. We're done with Mondays Done. We're done with Mondays. It's going back to its original day.


Fun. I'm so glad you guys have that. Kristen's always so happy when she comes home from that. It's so nurturing to her. Her beautiful little soul. Mama, thank you. You put this whole thing together. Yes. Thank you. You, you rehearsed, you, you swindled everyone into coming and doing this. And thank you so much for doing that, Erica, thank you for popping. Bye. Thank you Gabe. Thank you so much. Jacob, come on now. Even more excited. Anna, I'm off mic, but Oh, oh, oh my God. You're using your mic for bad. Of course. I'm See me anymore. Alright. I love you guys. Merry Christmas.


Happy holiday Holiday. Love everyone here. May everyone get a Dino this year.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Behind the closed doors of government offices and military compounds, there are hidden stories and buried secrets from the darkest corners of history. From covert experiments, pushing the boundaries of science to operations so secretive, they were barely whispered about each week, un redacted, declassified mysteries. We pull back the curtain on these hidden histories. 100% true in verifiable stories that expose the shadowy underbelly of power. Consider Operation Paperclip where former Nazi scientists were brought to America after World War ii, not as prisoners, but as assets to advance US intelligence during the the Cold War. These aren't just old conspiracy theories. They're thoroughly investigated. Accounts that reveal the uncomfortable truths still shaping our world today. The stories are real. The secrets are shocking. Follow redacted, declassified mysteries with me. Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app.