
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan Rather. And I'm joined by Leslie Stall. My goodness. And for our third time is the Charm. Favorite guest by far. Ike Barinholtz is here. He's an actor. He is a comedian. He's a show creator. He's a writer. He does it all. The Mindy Project Blockers Mad tv, the Hunt neighbors. And he is, he's A Jeopardy guy. A Jeopardy.


Champion. Champion. Thank you, Champion. And he is a creator of Running Point New show on Netflix Season two. Congrats. Yes. And he's acting in this most impossibly great show that I'm so excited for everyone to watch. Called The Studio with Seth Rogan and he is on fire in the show. Ike Barinholtz. And I guess we should say, I don't feel bad spoiling this. Okay. But Thursday we have Wednesday. Oh my God. I can't, I I can't do that. You're so Spoiled. Wednesday we have Seth on Seth Rogan. Yes.


To talk about the show In the capacity of an expert. Yeah. Because the technical aspect of this show is so impressive. Yes. And deserved a deep dive. And it got real nitty gritty. Deep divey. Yes. So this is The Studio And you made the call. This Is The Studio Week. This is Studio Week. Welcome to Studio Week. Yeah. Please enjoy Ike Barinholtz.


This episode is supported by FXs Dying for Sex, starring Michelle Williams and Jenny Slate. Inspired by a true story, this series follows Molly, who after receiving a terminal cancer diagnosis, decides to leave her husband to explore the full breadth of her sexual desires. She gets the courage and support to go on this sex quest from her best friend Nikki, who stays by her side. Through it all. FX is dying for sex. All episodes streaming April 4th on Hulu.


We are supported by NerdWallet. Hey, listen, we're all juggling a million things, right? Trying to balance work, family, maybe even squeeze in a little me time. And honestly, who's got the bandwidth to research stuff like auto insurance. That's where NerdWallet comes in. You tell them what you need. Say a better rate on your car insurance. And NerdWallet will match you with the right option for you. The nerds handle the research, the comparisons, all that stuff that sucks up your precious time. Think about it. You want to make smart choices, right? But you also want to be fully present at your grandpa's 90th. Now that presentation at work, and maybe just relax, you can have it all. And NerdWallet makes it easy. Just answer a few simple questions and bam, way faster than falling down a research rabbit hole. Because finding the right financial product is smart, but having NerdWallet do it for you, that's genius. Get matched today@nerdwallet.com. Not all applicants will qualify for the lowest monthly payments. NerdWallet Insurance Services incorporated. Ca, resident license number.


Okay, 9 2 0 3 3. He's in. What's up man? You're so fucking strong. How? Oh God. Thanks for Noticing. You're really strong. I'm just outta the shower too. I wanted to smell so hot. So fresh for You. It is so hot. I also Knew you were tall, but you seem extra tall today. I did you bro. Okay, Cool. You got some elevator shoes. Cool. You know what I liked when we had James Marson on, he said he wore lifts.


He was very nonchalant, but he threw it in there. And I liked that. Very confident. Yeah. We put a couple actors in lifts for Running Point. Chad Hanks is playing an NBA player. You gotta throw him in lifts, man. He had more swag when he had the lifts on. He just have letting confidence outta nowhere. There's a Saying, right? 10 feet tall and something. I feel 10 feet tall and bulletproof. I never heard that. Is that a D original? You just quote yourself. I'm gonna tell you afterwards. 'cause it's so proprietary and novel. I don't wanna steal it. But truly, you know, I, I was five minutes late. I was showering. That was great. I was on pace to make it in time and I started thinking of an idea for us. And it was so twins. You know when a real idea hits you and you're like, oh.


And then it's immediately writing itself incredibly fast. You can't stop thinking about it. I went into like a moment of Flow and you were nude, which I really appreciate. I Said stroking myself. Yeah, Of course. That's where the best ideas come from. That's Just a tick. I have one. I Think that's how the Declaration of Independence was written. It was a group of men masturbating. That continental Congress, that Place there was a goon goon fest. One big goon st over there, A Goon fest. Wait, tell us what gooning is. I just thought you meant a bunch of creeks. Oh no. Gooning is very advanced jacking off. Oh, can you explain? It's like when young men who are kind of aimless will literally jack off all day until they're in almost trance-like state.


Oh My God. So It's a spiritual Practice. Yeah. It's just not something I do. I've tried. I just can't do it. Your refractory periods like two days, isn't it? My wife was so annoyed. She's like, that's her daughter's birthday. I'm like, hold on, I'm working on something. But I first heard about this and then I became obsessed with the notion. And it's not edging. Edging is like, that's the opposite. Getting to a point of them being like time. Right? Yeah. This is more like I'm gonna go and then I'm just gonna keep going until I'm just like, Oh my God. Yeah. I mean this is a game for the youthful because truly, even If you, for a kabillion dollars, you had to beat a record. How many times do you think you could actually do it in a day? 50?


No. Oh no. You're so no. In all seriousness, I know it's more than me, but I can't imagine 10. 10. Wow. After 10. And you're so exhausted and disgusted with yourself. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You feel like that just a piece of trash. Well How, How long does it take? How long rebound, how long does it take to rebound? Yeah. Like That's what I think would become my issue in this hypothetical like 30 minutes Bezos. Or like five minutes. Can we call it Bezos's bucks? Bezos's bucks. A Bezos's Beat Off Bucks Challenge. Oh God. Funny. I'm hosting a new show. That was my idea. You're Calling it Triple B. That was the idea in the shower. Bezos beat Off books. Bezos, how do I combine this?


Everyone else is so tired of it. But can I tell you my favorite joke I think I've ever come up with? Yes. Did you see that Forbes just recently announced the richest man in Mexico? No, Jeff Pesos. Oh My God. It's so Stupid. It's good though. Jeff Pesos don't do that. Yes, it's good. No, it's like watching somebody open. Somebody's present. You said, this is the best joke I've ever come up with. And then we have to watch a reaction. I'm Not even worried though, because what happens when you hear the joke is you go, uhoh, this is racist. Right? That is where your mind goes. You're like, oh, shh. Of Course. That's why it's a nice joke because it relieves the tension of thinking you're gonna have to fake laugh at a racist joke.


Then you realize you're racist for thinking it might be racist in the first place. Right? Then you're almost feeling guilty. And then the relief of, oh, it's worthwhile. That's a good one. That's a joke when it traps you. Yeah. It Creates moral complex. What you don't want is someone to guess the answer. Like, well, who do you call the richest man in Mexico? And they're like, oh, I don't know. Burrito late. Like, you know what I mean? You're No, no, no. Lemme just get the joke out. God almighty. Sure. I didn't even model outback. You just gotta make sure you're not telling this joke to anyone you think might be racist. Racist. Oh wow. Boy, I didn't even think that that could happen. Yeah. Oh, lemme guess. No, No, no, no, no, no. Let me whip through this. It'll take literally five seconds.


Probably some people I would ask would know. It was like the telecommunications guy, right? Yeah. Carlos Slim. And you're like, okay, Alright, I'll talk to you later. Bye bye. But I am on the cover of Forbes this month, which is what I'm here to tell. I can see that happening. You're very busy. Very busy and very busy in the financial world. A lot of deals being made. I sure hope so. Just closed a big deal on the way over here. A lot of venture capital stuff. Lot of vc. Vc. Yeah. Yeah. You and your Boys. That's what we call it. 'cause we're so busy making deals. We don't have time to. Yeah, you Don't have time. ROI. What'd you say? ROI. Ah, I love. Time is money. Time is money. I've been saying that for years and I love ROI and I know what it is and I love it. And it's a big part of my portfolio. Do You know what EBITDA is? Yeah. Dude, I know what EBITDA is.


Jesus, Monica, what's going on? Yeah, I know what EBITDA is. Anyways, what else is going on? Do you find though, that you get hit with these terms and I don't even know, it's probably 50 50 ego, but 50%? Yes. I don't want to acknowledge. I don't know it. I hate saying, I don't know really. There's a real freedom in it, but I really try to be a smartypants. I'm surprised by that a little bit. I present like a dumb ass, but in reality I'm self-conscious of that. So I wanna be like, yeah, yeah, I know what that is. Same thing I read as a dumb ass, it's a chip on my shoulder. I'm kind of secretly smart. And then I can't possibly expose myself as being ignorant of anything. And then when I do, I talk my way out of it and say like, no, actually I'm still right.


And people are like, right. Oh wow. Or I don't know this because no one would know this. And to know it would be stupid. Yeah. Like a lot of times there are kids, my wife will explain something I recently learned about kind of how rain works. Okay. I just thought it fell from the sky. And then it makes sense that some of the water is evaporating down. Finds it way back up. Yeah. And so I said it comes from the sky. My, because, well it also comes from bodies of water and stuff. And I was like, yeah, well both are right. And it's just like things are true. Who cares? Yeah. Guys should just shut up and be like, oh, I didn't know that. How old are your daughters? 33 Congrat. 31 and 30. Oh wow. Do you know that's too fast for them to grow? 'cause I held one when she was a baby. You did. You came over and picked her up six years ago.


We've been giving them some. Once Progeria, that's when you're really big. No, that's acromegaly. Progeria. I think you're aging really quickly. Reverse Benjamin Button Or straight Benjamin button. Well Benjamin Button is You're born old and then you're getting younger. Yeah, he's going opposite. Well yeah, By the way, I don't mind being wrong to you. That's A really nice compliment. I Think you're one of one in that category. Well like we've done a thousand of these and you never once a month. Same as you eight and 11. Then we have a 6-year-old, Eight, 11 and six. Soon to be 12. Okay. Now this is repugnant to admit out loud, but I assume you'll join me. Don't you love when they ask these questions how things work or anything historic and you're like, oh my God, I have value in the situation. As wonderful as that is, it is the opposite when the 11 and now even the 8-year-old is like, Hey, can you help me do a very simple math problem?


And I'm like, I cannot. I literally cannot do it. Like I can sit here with you and try to pretend, but that's a huge bummer. But when it's history or social studies, government, any of that stuff, I am so excited to talk about it and really to show off If you want to be valuable to them. Yes. If you get older, you're increasingly less and less valuable. Now This is gonna come later, but it'll be crazy to not address it. Now there's so many things that I'm impressed with you for, but this Jeopardy thing Has me like Insecure and envious in a way that's just so genuine. If people don't know you won Celebrity Jeopardy. I Did. And before We even go on from there, there was a moment in Celebrity Jeopardy. Do you know how wild your True Daily double was?


Like do you recognize the stakes of that? Oh yeah. Before I went on Jeopardy, randomly a friend of a friend had won a couple episodes of Jeopardy and he said to me, my best piece of advice to you is if it's early on, especially go big on those daily doubles. The odds are you're going to know the answer and just don't be afraid. Wow. It was against my nature. But I went all in on a couple of 'em. He had $16,700 and he made it a true daily double. He risked all 16,700. Wow. That was again, didn't fine with Patton. How many episodes is it? I won the first one and then I went to the next round on that. And then the finals was me versus Patton and Will. Right. So three games in a row, he was Wow. And then you know how daily double works, right? You can wager anything. I know up to your, I know you don't.


You don't have to. If you dunno, it would be stupid to Know. Maybe some people don't dunno who are listening to you should maybe explain it. So when you get a daily double what I mean daily double and then you say how much you wanna a wager of your actual money. So you could say a hundred dollars. So I looked it up, I was like, I wonder if I set a record for the biggest daily double Ever. No, it couldn't be Not fucking far off. Someone had a $25,600 daily double. That's pretty good. That was what definitely won me that game. I tell my friends who are going on it, I'm like, go all in. I told the Great Max Greenfield, I was like, you gotta go all in. And afterwards he's like, I didn't. He didn't do it. Held back scary a little too much. It is scary 'cause the thought of losing everything is very real. How many daily doubles are in the game? In the first round of Jeopardy, there's one in Double Jeopardy, there's two.


But in Celebrity Jeopardy there's three rounds. 16, they're all doubles. Everything's double. And I think I got at least two or three of them in that early on. If it's like a category that you know and it's one of the earlier questions, like a $300 question, you're probably gonna know it. If it was astrophysics for 500, I would probably not do it. Math problem is what I was thinking. Yeah. Or osmosis. The Whole category. Osmosis. I'm true. I wouldn't even know One of the answers would probably be egg. Egg. Yeah. What is egg? Yeah. Yeah. But anyways, I watched the clip of you doing that today and I hadn't seen it prior to this. I was listening that question with so much anxiety. Do you remember it? Well, I know the answer. It was Harriet Tubman.


Harriet Tub Tubman. It's about the Underground Railroad. Right? God bless. Celebrity Jeopardy. Okay. Yeah. Were there just like, listen, celebrities, we have special brains. We're creative, we're Goons. We love the goon. As a celeb you have to reserve the red carpet and Goonies. Yeah, of course. That's, that's just Part of The, that's be 30 40% of the brain capacity. That's most of the brain Relegated to that. It's Like an Oma pia. It's really Bad Styles how it is. You're having a real visceral reaction to Monica and you're right to thank you. You shouldn't kink shame, but you can kink shame goner. Wait, Can I ask you a perverted question? Yeah. Do you have any interest in, and it'd have to be someone you were very attracted to. Okay. If you had the opportunity to watch a live stream of them, gooning, would you watch Jude Law is gonna goon.


He's gonna have a li Instagram. He's ready to blow up his career. Goon Law. Oh No. He's had enough of acting movies. He's done all there was to do. Done It all. Okay. I would watch for a little and see if I wanted to keep going. Okay. I can't say now that I would stick for the whole day. Yeah, The whole day you wouldn't last more. Listen, as a man who has masturbated throughout his life, I can assure you that even someone you're really into after a few minutes you're like, okay, shame on you. Right. How dare you? It's gone too far. Dare You. There's people who need help in the world. You're Wasting your life. Yeah. I'm wasting my life. Peace out. Yeah. You know what's sad?


Anyone Sad? Tell me. But I'll be honest. You're right. If I was watching a live stream, that's probably a no go. But if I thought it was about me. Yeah. Right. That's what's I'd be more. Well he Would be holding a photo of you in this scenario. Oh, he wouldn't be looking right at her. Yeah. Outta the room. But he's looking at a photo. He's a real pervert. A Tasteful bathing suit shot of Monica or her eyes. I like to look at photos of women I'm in the room with and masturbate for 12 hours. I'm an insane person by the way. Oh my God. Somebody has that. I think this is an old Pat Oswald joke, but it was something like no matter what your kink or your fetish is and you think it is so dark and weird and wrong, there is a online magazine dedicated to it.


Yeah. There is a guy sitting around a table saying this is the worst issue of wiffle ball fuckers we've ever made. Okay. So as you point out, celebrity Jeopardy, it's just not at the same level as regular jeopardy, nor should it be. They Want to have celebrities having fun. It's for charity. So the questions are, I would say 30% easier than your typical kind of jeopardy question. Right. And we want to hear from everyone too. So we gotta open it up. It's not like we wanna invite Julia Louise Dreyfus and then we don't hear from her. No. Right. It's a waste. I don't know why I used her as an example. She's a very smart, She, She's would probably do very well, would actually be very good If you're listening to this. Julia is sign up for Celebrity Jeopardy. Now what's incredible timing wise is he wins the celebrity tournament right As they change the rules and that allows him to enter the real tournament of champions like Mount Olympus.


Oh my God. Which I've watched every tournament of champions. I get starstruck when I see these people and stuff. So I was, yes, very honored. Yeah. So what went through your mind? Michael Davies who produces a show, great guy was like, Hey, we want you to be in this tournament champions. And I was so flattered, but also instantly acknowledged the fact that there was gonna be zero chance that I would not come in last place. And I just kind of designated myself as the mascot, literally showing up that day. I remember saying to myself, just have fun. That's the best you're gonna get outta this. And I would love to not end up in the negative. I was confident that that wouldn't happen. He enters the quarterfinals is where it starts. Yes. And one of the contestants, Ray Lai, Ray Lalande, he won 13 games in a row.


Oh my God. And I Been him over and Fucked up. I did listen my it was bad AI am married. Oh. And I'm in a happy marriage. And he's a nice older man and I shouldn't have done that. Yes. But I beat him. Ike won. And also the other contestant was No slouch. He's amazing too. It was crazy. I had a couple moments in the game where I got a little lucky. I had a daily double again that helped me out. I remember what one of them was. It was numerical film titles. Oh. And so it was like 800 bucks and it was a daily double. And I was like all In was the answer. Seven. No It Was God Damnit 13. This Fellini film. Eight And a half. Eight And a half. So I knew it. I had enough juice to kinda be competitive into the film. You Had a big stack now playing poker, Got the confidence, you got the chips, You got the swagger, you got the looks, you got the height.


Got my lifts on going to final jeopardy. I was like, okay, maybe this could happen. And then the category for final Jeopardy, it was Roman poets. And you felt good about that? No, I felt fucking terrible. Yeah. I was like, it's over instantly. I was like okay. I know two Roman poets. Which Are they? What If you go, I know one. Well at first I was like, I know one Virgil. But then I was like, then there's Avid. Oh my God, I God you're Good. Vid like you. I always try to like what made me think of Vid? I wish you developed the list when you got really smart. 'cause you almost said you go vid like you almost, The thing about Vid is I knew that he was active around 100 CE and just turned into a different person.


You de see your Helen studies site, your brain. And then is this a whole new, you have a li I remember he was exiled. So you've seen Eyes Wide Shut. Remember the scene when they go to Sydney Pollock's huge beautiful Christmas party. They get separated. That really cheesy guy walks up to Nicole Kidman takes her champagne and she's like, I believe that's mine. And he's like my darling. I'm absolutely certain of it. And He at one point Ghost Through is like, are you familiar with Avid and the Art of Love? Oh. So for a second, like poet Love Avid came into my head and then I read the answer and I was like, I'm gonna go with Avid. So I wrote that down. And so then it went down the line and Ray got it right. Of course Ray got it Right. It went to me and Ken Jennings, who I'm obsessed with was like, I in Hollywood, do they sit around and talk about vid?


And my answer came up. He goes, oh they do. And I remember now, I'll never forget hearing the crowd go, Oh wow, this is so Exciting. You seem like the biggest genius on earth. It was Crazy. They Didn't know. You were like, I know two, I'm going with one of the two. No, they were like, wow. He read that and he was like, fuck, that's avid all day. That's some avid Shit. That's my man. Avid bitch. Please Gimme a hard one. Next time Ken. But Melissa still hadn't gone yet 'cause she was in first place. Oh, oh. And so she wrote, who was juvenile? Who's another poet? Oh that's A rapper too. At that One second duration, the audience realized I'd won. And then there was another like, Oh What a life. Like the craziest thing ever. The real win was going to the semis.


I had to go back to the next day. He was playing against another two incredible players. Ben Chan and I'm blanking in their guy's name. But he was incredible. And that's the one that's keeping me up at night still. Were you Close 50 50 guests Had I got it right. I'm winning. No, You are ahead in money again. Oh yeah, I was surging. I was, I dunno if I was ahead but I would've won. Can You come Back? I will one day for sure. Okay. Jeopardy is a huge part of me. I love that show. It's incredible. But it was crazy. The final category was something like Greek history. Oh my God. So it was another like antiquity classical thing where I was like, okay. And then this one was this Greek writer wrote this phrase about whom? And it was like, our enemies, blah blah blah blah.


So in my mind I was like, okay, enemies of the ancient Greeks, the only ones I'm coming up with are Persians and Spartans. I'm just gonna go with Spartans. And it was Persian. Good God. So had I just gone the other way on that one, I would've gone to the finals. So I will literally, it's some nights just be like, why didn't I just go the other way? I'm so proud of you. I know this is, this is such an accomplishment. This is something, It's a very fun thing. I love trivia. And You know he didn't go to college. That's what's fun is he's cobbled Together this You're a good Crazy knowledge. No, I didn't go to college one day. I had like a job, kinda like a custodial job. Okay. And there was A problem like on a chalkboard and I saw it and I just kind of knew it. So I wrote it down. Yeah. And a guy who worked there kind of in an administrative position saw it and that kinda got the ball rolling.


But I wouldn't say it's a goodwill hunting thing. Okay. Do you practice, you know how people can get good at crosswords by understanding how crosswords work? Yes. Is that how Jeopardy is? Where you could learn tricks kind of or not really. You have to Know it. It's really, it's, there are little tricks when you go on Jeopardy. A big thing is the buzzer guy always thought at home watching it. That the buzzer is just something you just wanna ring as fast as possible. You wanna ring as fast as possible, but you don't wanna ring once you want to go n Nintendo controller. Oh really? Yeah. Because if anyone rings early, the minute Ken stops asking the question. It coincides with these little lights around the board that kind of go off. And once those lights go off is when he stops talking. And that is when your system is unlocked. Oh, If you ring in early a quarter of a second, you are locked out.


Locked out For how long? You're locked out for a quarter of a second. So it's that fast. But that's enough time for someone else to get in there. Yeah. But so you want to keep doing it in case no one else rings in. So that was a big thing that I had to learn. I Really appreciate that rule that they had. Because when we are at home, Kristen and I were competing watching Jeopardy a rule in the house. 'cause I'm dyslexic is you can't read ahead and then answer out loud. I need to hear what Ken's asking. I'm like, Kristen, where I for years, just answer right away. Which is so rude. Just people would be annoyed. It's because my parents did that 'cause they were rude when they would watch it. So I've since changed that by the way. Ah, did I say the last time I saw your wife, we were doing Jimmy Kimmel together and they were like, Hey will you do a bit like a pre-taped bit?


It was called Celebrity Hide and Seek or something like that. Or Celebrity Lost and Found, I can't remember. And they were like, we're gonna have a person off the street go into like a Hollywood Boulevard gift shop and they're gonna be looking for you, but you'll be hidden as part of the atmosphere. And we're like, okay, cool. Oh, camouflage. Camouflage. Right? So we go in it, Was it like a souvenir Shot? A souvenir shot. Okay. There's you know, half mannequins the upper torso of a mannequin and it was wearing a T-shirt that says Hollywood USA and then a hat that says like the stars. And there's three of them. One of them they removed and I went under the table and was pos, oh my God. Like a a man I can't with my hat and a hoodie on. And so I cannot move at all.


Kristen's in another part of it, she's kind of buried. So they find this young woman off Holly Boulevard and Cousin Sal is like, here's who you're gonna be looking for in in the store. And he holds up a picture of Chris. She's like, oh my God. She's like my favorite. I can't believe this. I'm Gonna pee when I see her. This is So crazy. And again, she's 20 feet away, I can hear her in my earpiece and I am like right here and I can't move. And then Sal was like great. And then you're gonna try to find Ike Bernal. And she's like, I don't know who that is. And I was just like perfect. And I could hear Kimmel laughing in my earpiece 'cause he's in The Studio and I can't move. He's coded in indignity. So then she found me and like right away I was like, how do you not know who I'm, I was like, I'm gonna send you blockers on iTunes, Jesus.


To continue the parallel. Now imagine that's my life. I'm married to her. You had one mix up in a souvenir shop one day and you really remember it. You have Thousands of hours at airports. And I go to a hotel and the guy calls me Mr. Bell, you know? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. A good one. As bad as I feel for you. Yeah, no I get it. You try that Being your all day existence. Do my attended How you listen to podcasts. I'm like the Chris Bell podcast. If You got ear Bud in there, whatcha are you listening to? Can I give you a good suggestion? Because guess who doesn't have a fucking podcast from Chris Bell. Yeah, yeah. Chris be, I don't remember her interviewing Jeff Bridges. So what? So you tell me anyways. Yeah we need more towels. Thanks. Yeah, It's obviously not that bad.


But there is regularly a situation where someone comes up and they want a picture and I really don't know, do they want me in the photo or not? That is an hourly occurrence when we're like at an airport or New York. Oh sure. That's a rough one. I certainly don't want to presume they want also me in the photo. So half the time I'm out and they'll go like, oh no, no you two. But that's only half the Time. Right? They feel bad. Oh let's get one with your husband. You See him, there's like trying to figure out how to crop, get a nice gap between you and Kristen. Last year or maybe the year before that we went to England for the holidays and on Christmas day in London they put in their roast and then you go outside, you go to the pub and you hang around and even though it's cold at the streets are really packed with people.


So nice. Very meat cutie. It's very Richard Curtis. Ah. So we're there with, love it. My wife and a lot of her families are like 20 of us. And we're in this beautiful village Green in Richmond. Hold on, I gotta ask a very rude question. Yeah. Are you flipping the bill for all this or do they have their own money? Oh My family. 20 people. I, my kids pay for their No, her family. No, no, no. They take care of themselves. Yeah. Okay. You didn't have 20, This isn't like a Ham Ali situation where I'm like, is my cousins and I Well you only 20 family members. I Got a round of drinks. Okay. I picked up a Couple dinners. Yeah. We're all there And it's beautiful. And we had gone to Paris before that and it was the first time that I just had really noticed that people were kind of coming up to me. And I always wonder, oh what movie had come out on Canal plu?


So anyways, Christmas Day London we're at this pub and this woman walks up to me and she's got that big smile on her face and she's holding her phone and you know, that look like excited. And I'm like, hi. And she goes, hi. I go picture, she goes, please. And I grab and like, what's your name? And she's like, oh Sandra. And I'm like, hi Sandra. And I'm doing the selfie thing and I'm like, here we go. How's it going? I Merry Christmas by the way. She's like, thank you. And I go, alright, let's do kind of a fun one. Oh You really give a flat package? Yeah. Because it was Christmas. Okay, sure. You know it was a day to give back. Do I give it to her? And she's like, thank you. Sorry. Do you mind taking a photo of me and my sisters? My wife has watched the entire scene. Oh my God. And she's laughing the hardest she's ever fucking laughed her whole Life. This is, thank God she's Laughing harder than any movie or TV show I've ever been in.


She rungs over to her siblings and she's like, you're not gonna believe what has happened. She's pointing my loser Husband. Yeah. Then like the rest of the holiday, the young nephews and cousins would be like, do you remember when that woman, you thought she knew who you were? And I was like, yeah, I do. I remember that night that happened yesterday felt The full weight of the tall poppy syndrome. They fucking hacked you for the next five Days. They got my ass. I Have a very memorable one. Just like that was in Miami with a friend and these two attractive girls came up. It's important because it makes it that much worse. And they said, can we get a picture? They hand me the camera, I hand it to my friend Scotty. And then I grabbed them. I put my arms around both of them and get myself in the center.


And they're both of me like, oh my God, what? And I was like, oh Fuck. I just was really, I'm so sorry. Oh my God. And then the only thing worse than that is to then try to explain to them you're famous and you're used to this. Yeah. I thought you, I'm so sorry you were a fan and I grope all my fans. Alright. Really sorry ladies. Anyways, I'm Known for being handsy. Do you listen to podcasts? No, that's the time. Married. This Is 17 years ago. I'm real. I'm don't worry. I, I'm back. I'm married to Kristen Mill to implicate her 50% of the time people do want me in the photo. Oh my God. Can you imagine though, If you are not a celebrity and someone came up and asked, will you take a picture? And they got in the picture with you.


That's what's happening in their brain. It's Scary. Wild. Yeah. Yeah. This guy's either like a psychopath or he's drunk. I was eight years older than these women and they were much hotter than me. Really? I don't believe it. Oh yeah. By a long shot. Maybe they're used to that to being like, oh I gotta get down. Yeah. Maybe they're in Miami. I can't imagine it was the first time someone put their arm on their shoulder. Hal Death. Yeah. I mean you're in Miami, what do you want? Yeah, you're asking for it. It's the equivalent of it was your fault because you, it's like you went to Miami Your Honor. She was in Miami. What do you want me to say? Okay. You're still going to jail for life in Miami Fucking Florida. You and I were too big to not be a leading man, but we are not good looking enough to be the leading man.


Very true. You can't make us the psychic 'cause the leading man's psychic can't be towering over him and be bigger. I feel like we're both in the same weird net zone. Yeah. I've played number one a couple times in my life. First of all, it's a lot of work. Yeah, A lot of work. You're there all the the time aren't Not all cracked up to me. No. I was crack up to early in my career, the thought of being cast as a leading man was just crazy. They were like, oh well you insane. Look at his teeth. You know what I mean? You Smell them. Wait no they can't smell on camera. This guy constantly shits his pants, which I've worked on. If there's any casting direction out there, I'm not doing that anymore. This guy's a shit pig. This tall Jewish shit pig or Timothy Chalamet.


Oh it's a tough one. Lemme think about that one. I would find myself as kind of like a second guy. I love playing that part because you can be so reactive and tomb lit up. You get a lot of the comedy. But I would describe this as weirdos a little bit because there were guys who were our height, like Jeff Stoltz, super hot guy, the guy Timothy Efan. Timothy Olefin. The guy who Tim always says looks like him. Josh Ell, Josh Ell. Timothy Efan told me he had Josh Ell pose with his family for a Christmas card and no. Fantastic. Did get confused for one another. Yeah, he told me that. Yeah. Kind of surprised back in the day. Okay. Yeah. I wanna add too, I actually don't think that would be the case if I entered acting now I'm much more attractive as a middle aged man than I was as a 20-year-old.


Oh I was not a dish. I was disgusting. I was like a loser. I don't Believe any of this. A men, he gets a little bit easier. You don't look as bad as you get older. Exactly. And Relative to your peers, you start Looking better and you've taken it all and take care of yourself. All you gotta do is wait it out. Yeah. Everyone's gonna get old and ugly and you're gonna still stay the same. This hair Was thin in my twenties but it ain't bad in my fifties. Hello? No plugs. Just a little bit of, what do they call it? The moose dots? No, no. I do the everyone. PRPI do the PP you go. Have you done that P rrp? I haven't. I went the first time and it hurt so much. You know, it's just kind of waking stuff up.


And then I went back and just remember it hurt so bad and the nurse was like, I forgot, do you like the laughing gas? And I was like, that's a fucking option. Yeah. Yes, yes. So now when I go, you suck on it and you're like, did you guys watch White Loney? Mike White Genius. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert If you dare.


We are supported by better help. Support systems are so important The most. Some would say. Yeah, I have a just a slew of people I rely on. Yeah, Me too. Tom Hanson, I'm talking to you. In a society that glorifies hyper independence, it's easy to forget that we're all better when we have a support system behind us. Therapy can be a source of support for any area of your life. It's time to shift the focus from doing it all to knowing we're better when we ask for help. I have a very hard time asking for help. Yeah. Therapy's great. We all, I mean we can't really say it enough. We love it. Swear by it. Yeah. Look forward to it. The best part about Better Help is it's fully online, which helps make therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide, access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. And you can easily switch therapists anytime at no extra cost. Build your support system with better help. Visit Better help.com/dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE lp.com/dax.


We are supported by Prime Video. If you're looking for a way to streamline your streaming Prime video has got you covered on Prime Video. You can add over a hundred subscriptions like Max Apple TV plus and Paramount plus all in one app. Experience the convenience of having all your favorite subscriptions in your Prime video account with one login and one password. What a dream. Everyone's watching White Lotus right now on Max. We are, yeah. Yeah. We are so excited about this season and we just had Walton Goggins on the show. We're inordinately excited to see his character's journey in Thailand And then of course we're tuning into severance season two on Apple TV Plus with recent guest Adam Scott. Instead of toggling back and forth between different streaming platforms, you can watch both of these shows and so much more amazing content without ever leaving the prime video app. Unlock a world of movies, TV and sports all in one app. Check out subscriptions on Prime Video.


We are supported by Ring. You don't have to miss out on what's happening at home with ring cameras and doorbells you can see and speak to who's there from anywhere with rings, battery, doorbell plus you can greet visitors, get notified about packages and see what's going on at your front door and head to toe video lets you see more of what's happening up high and down low. Another great way to check in on home is rings pan tilt indoor cam. You can control the camera from your phone and pan around to see what your pets are getting up to. And with two-way talk you can even say hi to them. Oh That's so cute. If I get my dog, I'm definitely gonna talk to 'em with the pan Tilt indoor cam. I love, I have a ring video doorbell and I really like it and it makes me feel very safe. Yeah, they're fantastic and they're so simple to install with Ring. You can check on home from anywhere. Learn more@ring.com.


Oh my God. When you're on gas, do you inhale the fuck out of it and then get too high and then have to start reading through your Mouth? I do the equivalent of lung chugging where I'm just like, gimme the good stuff baby. It's so nice. One time you can do it legally And with medical supervision it's like you're free to get as high as possible. Yeah. And there's a staff there to bring you back. But I'm such a loser that I hope my wife doesn't hear this. We have like this whipped cream, this like nice whipped cream that's in a can that we put on the Ready whip waffles. It's like Ready whip, but it's fancier, it's French. Ooh. Whenever it's the end of the can and we're cleaning the kitchen, I always just kind of duck my head out. Wow, you got a nice three second buzz. Sure. By the time you got it in the trash can it's worn off.


Gone. Then you're kind of angry. Oh God dammit Do you drink? He's One of these guys I'm so jealous of. He has like the perfect relationship with all of it. Really. He can party when it's called for. As you get older you definitely wanna do it less. Also they're just coming out with articles now that are like, like back in the eighties they were like, doctors say you should have two martinis a day. Exactly. Yeah. And now they're like, all alcohol is poisonous. I know. Which is very depressing. 'cause I do love on like a Friday evening to make a nice cocktail cooking dinner. Me too have on Manhattan, Negroni one of those. I love that. But as you get older hangovers, even If you have some type just two drinks, you wake up the next year you're gonna feel like shit. So it's not worth. But you can take the right amount of weed as is needed.


Okay. The little mushroom squares that people take. Sure. Easy peasy for you. Yeah. Will we ever blow lines anymore? No. No. That kills people now. 'cause of fentanyl. Anything that has a probability of killing you, that's embarrassing. You can't do once you have kids. If a 48-year-old man dies of a cocaine overdose at a bathroom, at a friend's birthday party that is mortifying. Yeah. And It's not even just three children. Three daughters. Three Daughters. Not to be that guy. But it's, I have daughters and I don't want them to know that I died on the floor of a bathroom. It's also been so long as you get older too. You start to settle down. Cocaine is not a good drug for parents. But now the fun thing with drugs are they're so much more organized now. They're predictable. There's people that are making them that you don't think they made it out of like their sock in a bathtub.


Yeah, it's packaged. It's packaged nicely. Like we went to go see the Dead and Co at the sphere at The Studio. Yeah. We were doing The Studio and it was Seth and everyone. So there was a lot of fun things. They have acid. Oh that is in a little like a ocga spray. No way. And it's not like back in the day when you take a little piece of acid and for like 14 hours you're like gone into a dark place. This is more like, oh this just makes me dance more. Oh wow. Wow. It's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. It took me a little bit and then at the end of the night at one point I just grabbed it and I was going and then I hear John Mayer go, thank you Vegas. We love you. Good night. I'm, I walked into that casino like fucking dressed. Did anyone have ether Doesn be LA them around?


Out of all the things I've seen and done drug-wise, nothing messes people up more than eating weed. Seth just said that If you eat too much weed you think you are going to die. I, one time when I lived in Amsterdam, man, I took Pop Brown and no idea what the dosage was and we decided to drive to the airport. Sure. Because there was a Burger King there that was open. Okay. That and my friends, we pulled up two like arrivals. I go, I need to wait in the car. I can't go in. And they're like, okay. And then right as they walk away I was like, I'm gonna get murdered in the car. So I locked the doors and then passed out. So they came back and for like an hour was banging on the door. Oh. If you have like real panic attacks and stuff. So don't eat too much wheat.


I don't know if I told you this in 2018 or your first interview, but the highest I've ever been where I was losing huge chunks of time was me and my three friends in Amsterdam Space Cake. And it was Poppy Seed Loaf. Yeah. Yeah. And it was just straight delicious. And we were hungry and we ate one. And then I was like, we'll have another in there like you shouldn't have another. And I'm like, we'll be fine. They're so delicious. I was just eating for the taste at that point. Yeah. That's the worst. And we got into this insane cycle. We made it back to our hostel and we were all sitting on bar stools and I noticed all of a sudden I had been staring at the bartender and I go like, oh what my jaw? So, and I turn and I look and all three of my friends are also staring at the bar dinner with the same look on their face.


Three More options. Yeah. We have four idiots from Detroit. I go, oh my God guys, look at your faces. And everyone goes, were you doing that too? I just luck forward to same. Look on my face, same staring. Look over, they're doing it again. And we were just in this insane cycle. That was madness. That's Where he came up with his character from Mediocracy, which I just rewatched. It ages like a bordeaux. Oh ooh. It's getting better. Better and funnier. And I totally forgot the beginning. The scientist is turning into a pimp kind of. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. He's obsessed with upgrade. You always Forget that. But it's seeping into my top 10. It is the greatest movie. It's so goddamn funny. The thing, I don't think I've watched it since I first watched it. But the thing that God I loved most from the script and while we were shooting is my favorite stuff was all ads.


If you don't smoke Carlton's, fuck You, fuck you. Or that FUD Rucks had become butt fuckers and that they're showing the passage of time of how they iterated it to. But fuckers. David Herman was killing me in this one. The movie's amazing and you should rewatch it. Treat yourself. I'm scared. Watch you with your kids. Do your kids watch any of the stuff you do? Yeah, we showed them hit and run the other day. Oh, okay. Because it's such a neat period of time for Chris and I. We made this movie for a million dollars. It's about being in love because if they've seen us in stuff together, I'm the asshole. And when Rome annoying her, I kind of wanted them to see her Romantic. Nice. Yeah, Just nice about their parents. That's very sweet. How about you? I just started to, I mean there was a lot of stuff that just r rated comedies we can't show them.


But not too long ago started watching The Mindy Project. Oh, Mindy Kaling was on here by the way. She had the best time did She was at the report. That was the report. Like literally as she was leaving texting me, we know That you shit mouth this a little bit. What I say. Yeah. Snacks. You told her to bring snacks 'cause it's long. She said, I said bring snacks. You're like Oh. And also hydrate. That's pretty good. I mean, make sure you're hydrated. You only Sleep about 12 hours a night With a toothbrush because you're gonna take a nap at some point. No, she loved it. Oh it was so exciting. She does not do a lot of podcast. We've been begging for seven years. Oh my God. Literally seven years. We did our show together. So the other thing is, yours was a little longer. You had a hot five years on camera and then you're kinda outta the business.


Yes. Mad TV was like young guy doing it And then promising No one would cast me. I would test for pilot after pilot and it would be me against four guys who were either much better looking. They'd Be watching say like, do you feel like you could smell him? I feel like I could smell him. Listen, I like This guy. I heard he's a Jewish shit pig. But then you pivot and you start writing. And this is the same with me. I had like a really hot three or four years. Sure. Punk iy. And then really, I don't know if I can get hired for anything. And then I just go to writing. And then I have a script under development at Imagine. And while I'm in a notes session on that script, they're casting parenthood. David Nevins happens to say, boy he would be a great Crosby. And then I'm kind of back into Acting.


That's amazing. We Have the same exact story, right? It is. Yeah. My David Nevins was Mindy. Yeah. Who was like, these guys wrote a script that I like and I have my own show that we're starting. Me and Dave Stassin. And then she was like, oh you, you should be on the show. And then she created this character. A lot of those things. I haven't watched it in 10 plus years. Yeah. Yeah. Right now that my kids are watching it. Do you cry? I did cry at at one scene. Just 'cause I remember shooting it. It was being very emotional. It was right around when my kid was born. Oh. But it really was great to watch and kinda laugh 'cause it's such a just so funny, a funny, funny show where all the characters are the perfect amount of dumb and vapid, but also very kind of sweet. So it's really nice to go back. And then I pushed it one night where my older one was on the couch and we're flipping through HBO and Neighbors was on.


And it just, in my mind, I was like, I watch a little bit of neighbors. Erica came down, she's like, are you fucking crazy? Yeah, I know. And then two minutes later she had gone to bed and I look and it's Dave Franco's bare butt just pumping. And I was just like, oh. Right. Yeah. I did that Two weekends ago in a hotel with Delta and Sarah Marshall was on. Okay. And I'm like, oh this could be fun. This is mom in a Balls of the Wall comedy. One of the funniest movies ever heard. I agree. Love And I, I don't think of all the things they've seen her in. They haven't seen her in a fucking hard hitting comedy. Sure. And same thing, it starts and all of a sudden Jason's dick is out and the towel's off. And then I'm even telling myself like, we're not hung up on nudity in my family. Right.


So that's whatever. And then as just as it goes on, I'm like, no, I don't think this is the right film For us. Yeah. There's a lot of stuff. I wish we weren't hung up about nudity. But my 11-year-old who's like going on 15, she'll come into my bathroom. Yeah. When I am coming out of my shower. Yeah, yeah. And will look at me and go, Ugh. And I'm like, what are we doing? Why are you doing this? Yeah. This is so mean. I don't go to your bathroom and evaluate your body. Yeah. What the hell? Like it's very pointed and just like, ugh. She's disgusted. Disgusted. I get it. But I'm like, just please internalize that. Do You know what our older daughter asked Kristen at one point.


She said, why do you and daddy's birds? It's universal in my house. It can be a male or female. Why do you and daddy's birds look so old? Oh, ooh. That's a tough one. You're like, oh I don't know. You Googled Dickel plasty. Yeah, exactly. Dick lift Los Angeles. I luckily was not a part of the conversation. We were like, the testicles Are, I can tell you now, it's the testicles. Yeah. I guess I didn't need to ask. Those things do not age well they're the opposite of Idiocracy. They just get bigger and longer stretchier. Oh god. So You're losing plasticity but you're also gaining it there. It's the worst. What age do you think you have to stop being naked around your kids?


There was never a a thing. I think obviously it's probably a little different when it's intersex. Sure. So probably like when they become teenagers, when they start going through puberty. But the minute I get roasted right Now you are insecure. Yeah. You coming for Yourself. So now I get out of the shower. Quickly Peek around. Yeah. So we're past the point. Now my Policy is they'll decide that because in Europe they don't give a fuck. They're nude. They go to dinner nude. I'm aiming for that. You know, in Europe they don't start dinner nude until 10:00 PM Sometimes Dinner nude. I will say every once in a while you'll shower with one of the kids. You know, like in a hotel. It will now her underwear because for the little one especially she's at like dick height. Oh. And like I don't need to be like washing her hair and her to be like, you know what I mean?


Staring At an elephant, Forget it. So that I wear underwear for, which is, I think I would recommend that Feels more perverted for you to wear underwear in his shower. Yeah. Why not a bathing suit. If I walk in, I saw a man and his daughter and he was wearing tiny whites, I'd be like, what's happening with, do you need protection? You Look like a David Cross in Arrested Development. Yeah. I'm a never nude. You're probably sick of talking about this, but it is still so exciting. And it's his fault 'cause he keeps popping up. But your dad, Allen. Oh my God. Oh my God. We've been along for this whole ride. 'cause we were big jury duty fans. Oh it was so good. And He was phenomenal. And then I Sam immediately in Running Point Running points. Yes. Yes. He plays a family lawyer. Kisses Kate Hudson? No. Oh good for him. It's funny, we wrote the character to be a ular older man who's very touchy and stuff.


And so we were shooting it and he's kind of kissing the row and Scotty MacArthur's kissing him on the forehead. And Kate Hudson, who's so game for any comedy thing, she's like, Hey, on this next take he should probably kiss me on the lips. Oh. So I, my dad, I go, you gotta kiss Kate on the lips. He goes, I cannot do that. Oh, he said he killed it. That would be inappropriate. And And I go, no, it's her idea. He goes, oh. So now in the show there's like a big fat smooch on the lips and he tells everyone, he is like, yeah, Kate Hudson's a star. And I'm like, good for him. That is and easy. He's 70. He's 72. He's living his best life right now. He's in The Studio too. Yes. I saw him in The Studio. He is a working actor now. It's crazy. He is. He's the opposite of a Nepo baby. He's in a Nepo dad.


He's a Nepo dad. That's something you can really get behind. Yeah, I like that. And you Said you were striking and you brought him along. It was crazy that I brought him to the picket line one day and he sees Titus Willer right now. Bosch to fathers. It's Joseph Smith to a moron ride. It's everything. So he's a super tough cop who's a little bit whoa. But also likes jazz. I just like me, he calls people slurs, but he's on the right side of justice. Like I love him. He's helping them and insulting them. Yeah. So we see Bosch and my dad is just like losing his mind. Sure. And then Bosch learns who he is and Bosch is like, oh, they talked, they were so excited. What Was better for him?


Getting approached by Bosch or kissing Kate Hudson. Bo. That's a real tough one. We Might Need to call him. I think honestly Bosch kissing Kate, I don't think he had any illusion that she was gonna dump Danny and they were gonna end up together and then he could really get to Goldie. As I say it, that is a plan though. Do You think though in his mind he was like, Peggy might let me. Maybe In his mind he's like, well my wife, I don't know if she understands the concept of a hall pass, but if I were to explain it to her and Kate Hudson was on board, yeah, this could work. She would want this for me. She Would be happy for me. I do think that in his mind there's definitely a kernel of like, what if me and Bosch become friends? What if I'm on the show? You know what I Been, is it still running Bosch? Oh, they got Bosch's legacy out now.


Dude, there will always be here. Okay. There'll be spinoffs and stuff. Wonderful. As long as there's crime in la. Bosch is here to clean it up. I have a bone to pick with You. Oh no. Which is simply, I begged you to do a podcast with us. Oh my God. And you didn't. I Only think about it every day. Okay. And then lo and behold, poll's here to promote her Uhoh podcast. And I come to find out you definitely said yes to her when she had an idea. I did Chris Chapman, do Over, Chris Chapman, do over, here's what happened when you came to me years ago and you're like, you should do a podcast. It would be really fun. And I was like, I'm too busy doing bullshit. And now I'm like, oh my God, you could have had a podcast. I can't start one now with in 2025. But Polar came to me and she had such a funny idea. First of all, she can't say no to her.


I love her. And her take on it was great though. She basically was like, I wanna figure out a way for us to improvise without having to go on stage at eight 30 at night. Yeah. And have people filming it and putting it on light. Yeah. What's a way for us just to riff? Because that is something that I miss. Even though improv is coming back, there's a lot of good improv in LA right now. Live improv at Largo. Dinosaur Improv with Paul s Shear, the last improv show. So we came up with this idea, idea had to do like a take on a podcast that would exist in the Manosphere A little bit inspired by lots of different people, As you say, repeating conspiracy theories, having medical advice. Yeah. A lot of talking about clips of things that you watched online. It really is inspired by lots of different people. So we came up with a crew and we spent this incredible two weeks where we taped like eight episodes of this fake podcast.


Fun. That is so much fun. It is so funny. The company, I don't know if I should say this, because they were so wonderful who made it? But The Weak Mine came out. They were like, we're going out of business. Oh, we never really got a chance to do like a big promotion. Oh no. But it's still out there. Just to get to be very confidently wrong. It's a very fun energy to play. Oh that is. Like Catherine O'Hara one time said, play confident and stupid and it is the magic sauce. Yes. So getting to do that. And again, we also had Neil Casey, who's one of the funniest guys. Oh. And Lisa Gilroy. She's an improviser and an actor and she is so hardcore funny. One of the best improvisers I've ever seen in my life. Oh my God. Basically the premise of the podcast was I got canceled.


The podcast went away and a new company said, they will do my podcast if half of 1% of my listeners can be women. 1%. So I'm like, okay. So this is my new co-host and she's so funny. So it's such a fun thing to get to do it with Polar and sit in The Studio. Yeah. Yeah. With Polar and our friend Liz Kakowski, who's one of the great geniuses. It was one of the most fun things I did that year. Yeah. Oh fun. Go check That out. Chris Chapman. Do Over. Okay, one last thing and then into both shows. I don't know why I want to bring this up, but we had Bobby Leon, I mean, other than Maybe you, I have not had that much fun talking to somebody in front of a microphone. How special is Bobby Lee? I did his podcast. It was the old Tiger Belly like a year and a half ago.


And it was like the most fun I had in such a long time. He's so wonderful. And now that he's older and he's just very settled now. In a weird way. Yeah. He was so chaotic for so long. He's always been one of the funniest guys. But whenever you'd see him, he would be a little stressed out and now he's so happy. He's very successful. Yep. He is just one of the best and funniest. When I was on his podcast, he really just spent the first half hour just apologizing for stuff that he did at Mad TV and it was just so rot, just nice stepping you. Oh, it was just like, I'm really sorry that one time you were running a sketch and I came in and pulled down my pants and spread my ass and shoved pumps in my ass. And I was like, it's okay. I wasn't offended.


He has this weird way of, in his apology, retraumatizing you and making maybe the Apology's worse than back and Retraumatizing a whole new audience who never even thought of that happening before. Yeah. He tells this story about being molested. Have you Ever seen, oh, I know the story very well. It's like, yeah. All things are happening at once. It's so unique. Yeah, he's wonderful. I'm actually doing his podcast. Him and Santino San Hall. Ol he Chicago Sicily. He immigr upgraded here from Sicily three years ago. One of the only redheaded Sicilians first ever. Yeah. He is Chicago. Okay, so Running Point. Running Point, your creator. Yes. He's really funny is, I was looking at your Instagram and you had a photo dump from Running Point in that Justin is wearing that shirt, He's wearing the gear And you know what?


I'm so stupid. This is how fucking powerful throw is. I'm looking at that exact shirt you're wearing. I forget that the name of the team is The Waves. Even though I've seen the show and I go, man, how? Look, he did it again. He's got this shirt on that says Wave what Rummage sale. Did he find that in a New Jersey? You thought It was like vintage? Yeah. Yeah. Everything he wears is so cool and vintage. He is the best dressed man I've ever seen him Just fucking oozing. Cool. If I were to dress like him, people would be like, sir, you need to leave. I gave it a Shot. I was like, I think I can pull it off. 'cause I ride motorcycles. And I was like, you're not pulling this off. You're not pulling it off. No. He's one of a kind. Yeah, He looks like a European dude who's by himself on a motorcycle and you look like a guy who's trying to get into the Hells Angel.


And He's written four or five really substantial poetry books that are good. Oh, that's good poetry. It's fucking good. Yeah. He smokes Gawa. So cool. You smoke like Winstons. Yeah. But you created that with My friend Mindy Kaling. That's You ever heard of her? Of Dave Statin who was our showrunner. And Mindy approached us and she was like, I have an idea for a show that's loosely based off of Jeanie Bus. And had you Met Jeanie before? I actually strangely had my lawyer is friendly with her and took me to a game once, introduced me a She's so cool and just lovely and nice growing up in Chicago. Big Bulls fan. Like Bulls first always. But there was something as a kid, I loved Magic Johnson.


I just thought he fun and cool. You probably loved him from Michigan. He and Isaiah kissed each other, If you remember Midcourt once. Right. Which Was the worst thing ever because I guys Anytime, which is seven, that was the first time I had seen two men kids. That Was Monica. This is Michigan in the eighties. Yeah. This is a very different time. It Was so different than, I remember when Travolta would go on talk shows, he would hug the host. I'd never seen men hug men. In our lifetime we've watched hugging become a thing. Yeah. Like it was truly not a thing until Travolta Bill Clinton signed the 1995 National Hugs Act. It was just he would shake a hand or even back in the day, they'd be like, how are you? And you try to hurt the other guy's hand. Hand. Oh, squeeze the hand as hard as you can.


The test of your masculinity. Yeah. John Williams said, my father created a pool supply company. You pump it might grab the elbow if you're really confident. Oh the elbow. And then the big smack on the shoulder Try to put him on the ground. The Irony that it literally almost full circles into gay. Oh it is. Like it starts off so masculine and then you're like jerking each other up. Oh yeah, sure, sure. Hugging is a still new thing. You might have remembered this rumor when we were kids that the boss kissed his saxophone player. This was like this huge rumor. Do you remember that? That Bruce Springsteen kissed Clarence Clemens. Great. You know everyone's name involved. Yeah. Was that like a thing that hit Chicago? No, never got that one. Oh I did. People were like, you know Bruce Springsteen kissed his saxophone player. Oh my God. I love urban rumors.


I remember in high school. Oh yeah. Marilyn Manson removed his ribs so he could suck his own dick. A hundred percent. That was a big one. That was, which is actually true I think. Yeah. I found that out this morning. It was in the paper fact of a day. I get a Little email. Do you know I partied with him one time. Ooh. Back when I used to do coke. Yeah, I could imagine that would be a prerequisite for hanging out with him. It was Pre any domestic abuse situation with women. So I had no ethical dilemma whatsoever. It was still in that phase where he had been in bullying for Columbine. Yes. And you were like, oh he's really smart. He's smart. His music's actually good. I never went all the way there, but I was like, that's kind of intriguing. Yeah, no, he was like an interesting guy. Yeah. Yeah. And he had a ton of toot and I was down to Hank, I Dunno if I told you this story once, but I used to be a busboy at Arnie Morton's on La sga, Morton Steakhouse.


Oh I love Martin's Still my place. I love It. So this is like 2001. And before I went to work, I was at home and there was a show on IFC that you might remember called Dinner for Five. Oh loved it. Loved Dinner for five. And so I was watching it. John Favreau was the host and I can't quite remember, there were two other people. And then Marilyn Manson and then there was an empty chair. So I remember going to work that night busting a table and Marilyn Manson walks in, he's a big guy and he comes in and he sits down and he is with some slave or whatever the fuck. And he sits down and I was like, I gotta ask him who did not show up? Oh great. Oh good. And so I'm kind of just waiting for the right moment and I start busting the table next to him and I just kind of turn and I go to him, Hey, excuse me, I hate to bother you.


Who didn't show up for dinner for five. And literally as I turn to to him, he's just put like a relatively large piece of steak in his mouth. He is giving me like a minute of chewing, bro. It was like a solid 30 seconds of him being kind of annoyed and holding up his finger and being like, and I'm waiting for it and I'm waiting for it and it feels like an eternity. And finally he goes, Michael Rappaport Two movies. I feel like we need more of those. That has happened to me numerous times. Just took a way too big bite of a rib eye and I'm gonna need a minute and a half to get through it. I need a little bit more actually. 'cause I gotta clean some stuff outta my teeth before I talk to you. At this point. Jesus have a caliber molar.


But back to Running Point, you're a writer creator. You're on set for the whole time. Yeah. So Mindy approached Dave and I and she's like, I have this idea for a show. We love her so much. And The Mindy Project was the best gig ever. It was the most fun. Me and her and Dave, our sensibilities just really line up. Yeah, that's a great feeling. So We spent months with her eating gigantic sandwiches every day and just kind of breaking the show, writing the show. And so then we are like, who's gonna play this part? One of those shows where it's so all about the lead. And we had on our wishlist, obviously it'd be great if we can get someone like Kate Hudson to do this. That's impossible. She's Kate Hudson. And so sure enough we got a call her like I read this, I love it. She's gonna read it. And then she read it and she loved it. That never happens with a project.


Now what always happens is you find out she's gonna do it and then the last minute it just doesn't work. Yeah. Or she got another movie or something, but she really stuck to her guns. I think she really saw the vision. And so then we were able to get this insane guest cast around her. It's a sibling workplace comedy. And so we were able to get Drew Tarver who I, oh I love Drew. I'm obsessed with Drew. He's pretty shockingly funny. He was also on a show with Caitlyn. That's where I first saw him. Caitlyn Olsen. He's got the Bateman thing a hundred when he's dialed in. Where even when he says a line that's not even remotely funny. Yes. He still makes it funny. That means you'll work forever. He was at UCB during my time, so I saw him on stage all the time. Yeah. His essence is perpetually hungover.


Which is the best kind of vibe. If You could have that, I mean that's like a Bill Murray thing when you talk about it like what? What do you want? And in real life, delightful. Wonderful man. Scott MacArthur is a guy who we had known for a very, very long time. He grew up, grew up in Chicago 40 years. Yeah. Like literally 40 years. Wow. We knew him when he was four years old. Remember when he was born? And then we had the part of the other brother, wait, first of we had Brenda Song who is amazing walking around in public with her. The only other person I've seen that gets that kind of smoke is John Cena. Oh. People when they see Brenda song lose their fucking minds. Yeah. It's wild. But then the older brother part was the last big piece and it was a really funny part and we needed a killer her and we got throw. Yeah. Which was just wild because he is low key.


I think one of the best actors out there. Oh Totally. To have him come and do a big dumb comedy. You guys Were both on plumbers, white House plumbers. Yeah. That show. I don't know why that one went under the radar So good. Kristen and I watched it a year and a half after it came out and I was like, this show's a 10. How funny was he on that show? Oh my God. That Performer. He was played g Gordon Liddy. And he's talking like this the entire time, but it's so believable. Woody with this big stupid tee. Yes. But it was such a great show. I also think too was Wyn Max. No one understood What was breaking off a little bit. Yeah. He couldn't sign in for a couple months. Yeah, you're clicking forget password, but it's to your old email that you don't have access to anymore. But it was a great show.


We're Only gonna do so much about The Studio because we had Seth in and it was probably the most we've ever talked about someone's project on the show because wow. I genuinely, from the bottom of my heart, blown away With The Studio. Did you send me the nicest text man? It was, oh yeah, it was In the middle watching. I was really nice. Cool. Because you don't know, you work on something and you love it, but when people you know reach out, it really is a very, very lovely thing. Oh my god, I've loved it. I watched all 10 Every day you'd show up and there'd be a new person like Martin Scorsese. I had to act with him for hours and hours. Oh my. In Warners. So the stress levels only compounded after Every take. I kind of stand there with him. Yeah. 'cause he's one of those people that everyone's like, don't bother him. But I'm standing with him. So I would just kind of talk a little bit and then try to get out so I'm not talking too long.


But he's one of those guys where he is as advertised where everything you say to him, he's going to say in the most Martin Scorsese way. Like I'd say to him, how do you like how we're shooting? He goes, oh it's great. It's French new wave. You know, God Dar created that because he only had one camera. So that's what the French new wave was. And you're like, that's so fucking cool. He said that. And Do you feel like em bolded? He's opened the Door. Yes. So now I'm like being a psychopath who knows everything about you Breaking bull. Well Used to pull on a list. Well I go, Your favorite French new wave is 400 blows. Right. Oh. He goes, well it changes. It changes all the time. I think right now it's Jules at Gym. You know the first time I saw Jules at gym, I remember sitting there thinking if only I can make a movie. The whole movie was the first 20 minutes of this movie and that's good fellas. And I'm like, oh.


But meanwhile just boom, boom, boom, boom. Oh my God. Then I'd be like, bye because I don't wanna wear all my welcomes. They'd like, I gotta go. I'll be right back. And then I'm just standing like five feet away. It was crazy. Wow. The whole series, every scene is shot in one take. So it's not like a conventional show where we have our coverage. How Did it affect your comfort in improving? You Don't want to be the person who fucks up that fucks up. Yes. And then has the giant reset. And that definitely happened a few times. Anything about Seth though? I don't know if it's like, 'cause he's Canadian or the weed, he's the most easygoing guy when it comes to that shit. Even if inside he's pissed. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


You will never see that. Because like if someone would fuck up, he just and goes, oh alright we go. There was one day where we are driving, sunset Boulevard is locked off at 6:00 PM Oh my. My God. So we can drive a 1958 Maserati and do a fucking whip U-turn and pull up into the chateau and the car just won't start. It's just getting flooded out every time. Annie's Gotta snake up that tight driveway, Bro. It is so high stakes. If it were me a, I would just be like, I, we can't do this. Obviously. We'll get a stunt driver, I'll be in the chateau, We'll do a cowboy switch, I'll be on the floor Cowboy switch, and then if not just use ai. Whatever the fuck that means. And the car's just flooding. The second time it floods, I'd be like, all right, I wanna have a little meeting with everyone.


This can't flood again or otherwise I don't wanna be hyperbolic, but I'm gonna kill myself. Right. And every time it floods out there just go, oh, oh boy, This thing doesn't work. What are We gonna do? And it was just like the natured. So I was scared. But again, the knowledge of knowing that even If you fuck up, they're not gonna yell at you. In terms of the improv, it was interesting because I've worked with them a lot. They're very improv welcoming directors. They really love to hear what you have as long as it's in character and on story driving story. Yeah. Every line is not advancing the story. I can assure you, no matter how much the boom operator laughed, it's not gonna be the thing. Yeah. Yeah. So they are very welcoming of it. But some scenes we would rehearse for hours and hours before we even started rolling.


So that was kind of the time. Once you're in it, it's like a play. You throw in a new line and that affects someone's cue. You're gonna feel like a dick. Yes. Just 'cause the choreography that's happening for these shots, which people might not realize, is there's like seven assistant directors with earpieces on queuing guy with the tray to walk through queuing the light cue. If you fuck up one cue, it's Domino's. Right. It's A huge thing. And our DP Adam, is just so active and running around, they built equipment that had never been used before for this. So the cranes flying in. If I ruin one of those tastes. 'cause I'm like, oh yeah, what do you hawk to a girl? Like I try to like cram in like a reference. People are gonna be like, fuck you.


Yeah. It's kind of good. It's like humbling in some ways for actors. It is. To quote Alan Partridge surprise me in rehearsal. Ah, that's nice. Yeah. It wasn't like a big improv answer, which I think was very good for this show. But they still let us kind of flex a little. But it was great. Just a lot of the fun too was working with director like Ron Howard? Yeah. Oh, like as an actor. Do you know Ron very well? And I have met him once before. But when you're sitting in like a sprinter van with Ron Howard and he's looking at his lines. Yeah. At one point I said to him, we were shooting Un Warner Brothers. And I was like, have you ever shot here as an actor? He goes, yeah, I shot the music man here. Oh right. He was the boy in the music man. Right. It's crazy. It's crazy. But But That part I would imagine is fun because once Ron Howard has sides, everything's neutralized.


Oh, he's as nervous about remembering his lines. Yes. As anyone else. Like status is evaporated. It's an Equalizer. Yes. You didn't have anything with Ice Cube. I'm now remembering, Did you? My shot with him the day after he came out on the Dodgers Center field and sang for the World Series. It was really cool. Years ago together we did James Corden's show and you know, you do it together for Better or worse, for better or Worse, it has been worse for me. But I walked out with Cube. I was very nervous to meet a cube. He's an Intimidating guy. Intimidating guy. And also I was obsessed with NWA. I was obsessed with Poison in the Hood. Friday's one of my all time favorite movies. The Predators, one of my all time favorite albums. Three Kings is one of my all time favorite movies. Death certificate. Death Certificate. Oh, trespass. I saw Trespass in the theaters. I walked up to him and he was just like, oh, what's up man?


Yeah, I've seen you being funny. And I was like, yeah, Yeah. Thank God. That's really good. I'm gonna go fuck off now. Luckily I think he thought I was Donny Wahlberg. Okay, great. I'll take it. If he thought I was Zach Bra, I can talk about Scrubs. Shit. Oh yeah. Donald's a good friend. Yeah. Lawrence is incredible. I've never worked for anyone better. Was amazing. Oh, If you come up to me, there is a movie called Rat Race. Remember Rat Race? Yes. Seth Green was in it. Seth Green. There was a guy in that movie, I'm blanking on his name, who we kinda look alike. The guy piss into the tongue like this Akin to your hell NX Studies character. Yes. Actually, If you look at the data, probably 5,000 times people have come up to me and been like, yo man, love Rat race. At first I was like, that's not me.


Right? But now I go, thank you. Yes. Like that's, that's the right thing to Do. Same. I get Garden State compliments and I'm flattered to be associated with the film. Yeah. I love the shins man. I film man. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by the all new Galaxy S 25 Ultra from Samsung. If it's time to upgrade your phone, don't just do the same old thing. Get a true AI companion that's enhanced with the latest and greatest tech. The Galaxy S 25 Ultra evolves with you to handle multiple tasks with just one ask. For example, you can tell it to search for recipes and add it to your notes or find a restaurant nearby and text it to your friends. And it does. Which is so nice because when you cut down on time, toggling from app to app, you get more time back and you can use that time to actually cook that recipe or hang with your friends at that restaurant. And now brief with Galaxy AI gives you personalized daily briefings that keep you a step ahead. So your appointments, the weather, your energy score, and more, all in one place. Get your Galaxy S 25 Ultra now@samsung.com. Compatible with select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check responses for accuracy. Now brief with Galaxy AI displays daily select information from select apps may require internet connection. Galaxy AI features by Samsung free through 2025 and requires Samsung account login.


We're supported by Drunk Elephant. Oh, my father would be so happy at the name Drunk Elephant. It's a great brand. Yeah. You may have already heard me talking about my new favorite facial moisturizer. The Proteiny Polypeptide Cream by Drunk Elephant. Oh, my skin is so silky. Silky, but not shiny. Monica. I know. Not too oily. That's a huge thing in a moisturizer. Yeah. It's lightweight Gel cream, which delivers daily moisture with nine signal peptides. That means nine active ingredients to help skin look firmer and smoother by supporting the natural production of collagen. They work by communicating with your skin cells, encouraging them to produce more of the collagen. Your skin needs to maintain a youthful appearance while also protecting against collagen loss. The result is stronger younger looking skin that's more resistant to aging. Who out there doesn't want that? Reenergize your skin with Drunk Elephant. Discover Proteiny Polypeptide Cream at Ulta Beauty stores and also@ulta.com.


We are supported by Tropical Smoothie Cafe Unwind and Refresh at Tropical Smoothie Cafe with freshly made smoothies and tropic bowls that instantly transport you to tropic time. One bite or one sip. And you'll instantly feel like your cabana side made with refreshing fruit and tropical flavors. Eating your fruit and veggies has never been this fun. We could make our own arm cherry tropic time smoothie. And it could have cherries in it. Oh. Oh. It could taste like our favorite ice cream with cherries in there. There. Oh yes. Oh yeah. So we would, we would add cherries, maybe almond. Let's add some spinach in there For a little spring in your step. Yes. Add more good vibes to your smoothie with fresh add-ins like almond, spinach, kale, chia seeds, and ginger. Or even supplements like protein and energizer at Tropical Smoothie Cafe. It's always tropic time because you deserve a little vacay every day. Order ahead, take the scenic route and earn rewards with the Tropical Smoothie Cafe app. Download it today. Visit tropical smoothie cafe.com to find a cafe near you.


Now, Here's one bit of how the sausage was made that I'm curious about is there's this incredible episode called The War. And you and Chase go to War. How great is she by the way? She's incredible. Incredible. She's a ce, a creative executive. So she's under you on this totem pole. But we Have this rivalry a little bit. You have a rivalry, you're fucking each other over on the director you want for a project. And it's escalating. Escalating. And then it gets physical. Now here's what I'm curious. In the wonder, I'd be afraid I'd wanna push and get crazy and then I'd be afraid if it was too much. 'cause at the end of the day, you're an enormous man and she's a young woman. Yeah. Was any of that stuff circling? I was like, oh man. They found the line just perfectly when as crazy as it could get.


But it didn't get scary. At one point myself was like, I'm yelling at her and she's such a good actor and she's crying. Yeah. And I'm like, I'm gonna look like a dick. But I think it's okay. He's supposed to be a dick. I usually play bubbly and fun and comedy stupid. My pants just fell down. Oops. I farted. Yeah. To be Really fucking like, I will fucking end your career. Yes. You fucking stupid little idiot. And you see in her eyes the hurt. You do feel like a shithead, but it's real. But it's real. And it's good. That happens. And they want that. I mean, your Character Sales Stein, he drives a yellow nine 11 convertible. Yes. He's a problematic guy. I would say He's a snorting coke.


We were watched the first episode with my daughter. No, he was eisi. He was an even younger viewer. We had involved, we had a 7-year-old and she's like, what did he just do? And I'm like, he did a drug cocaine. And she was really trying to figure out did you pound it into your hand? The first time we did it, they had the real fake cocaine, which is I think baby laxative. They say it's all safe. So I was snorting it after like three hours. I was like, they have a shitty headache now. Yeah. Sucks for sinuses. So then the next time they were doing it, Andy, our prop guy was like, Hey, do you want the real stuff or do you just wanna use VFX? Oh my God. That was An option. Yeah. It's the same thing of like, wait, you offer laughing? Guess Yeah. Why was that not told? So then it was a lot of V fx.


But I think when we were doing some of the Vegas stuff, it was so crazy for the finales that I'm sure there was real powder flying around. Not real cocaine, but real fake powder. But it brought me back, put it this way, I definitely had the same reflexive diarrhea. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. I Remember when I would do a big line and then I'd be like, oh my God. I go, go shit. I was so thrilled. I'm like, here we go. Oh yeah, that's all. And then Like 13 minutes later, why did I do this? Five hours later you're like, I'm so glad I did this. Yeah, yeah. Then 24 years later, like, I need to change my life. Ew. The bathroom was at clubs just stink. They are so gross.


So many substances just being excreted And is diarrhea. A lot of diarrhea, hard drugs. Especially back in the day. Yeah. I used to do ecstasy all the time. Half the time it was half heroin, half the time it was half meth. Oh, you didn't Know what? You didn't know what it was, but you knew that whatever you ate was gonna come out. I just knew I Was gonna corn no matter what. For Sure. Oh my God. Those Compounds made their way into that. Yeah, I know. There were some people that were like, yeah, I don't have any sexuality on drugs. And I'm like, come here, my male friend, I'm gonna suck your dicks. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Don't massage your hand until I'm a wreck. God dammit. Not anymore. If you and I knew each other in 2000, we would not be alive. That's possible. Yeah.


One Of us wouldn't be. Why would we be married? Don't rule us us out. You No Guys got Keon going over to Dak. She, you know the guy from punk? Yeah. I got a big wrestling match. Yeah, we've been wrestling a lot. No, no. We're not hooking up. And then years later you're like, yeah, we just adopted another kid. Yeah. Fucking never been happier like I do adore you. Oh man. This is number three. I hope there's like 10 More three guys. Who else is in the three club? David Sari. I think we have five I. Okay. I guys gotta go write a bunch of great books. Possibly good books that I can't write. I love him Else. Have we had in that? I Feel like Malcolm's Malcolm Gladwell is up there. I'm the same as him. Chris. Okay. That was a gimme. You sleep with her. Seth Rogan did three.


Oh, you're tied with Ro boom. Got you. But You've done a live show for us that gives you an Extra, Hey, can we just talk about that live show? That was one of the most fun live nights of my life. I'm so glad to hear you say that because I went and listened to it back before today and I was shook. I urge everyone to go listen to that. It shouldn't be as good as it is. You were so on fire. You are Home run Is so much fun. The arm your audience is the greatest fucking audience. Truly. There's Nothing better. There is nothing better than them. No. And they came to that show. They were so tuned up. I remember before you guys brought me out. Just like you guys, there's so much love there for you guys and what they do. It's greatest fan Base. I'm so lucky 'cause I've touched into a lot of different fan bases and they're all so nice.


Positive, intelligent. Yes. But can get dark humor. Yes. Like dirty jokes. Yes. Got not offended by fucking everything. Good People who like Dirty Jokes impossibly good group. So that was a party. People should really listen to that one. It's a sofa. You talking about fucking through the sheet. You Obama. Fucking Obama. Fucking Michelle. I remember that one Secret service call after that. I don't even know if the sheet thing's real. It's not real. I think that whole thing was started from a Seinfeld episode. I think There's a lot of things that, or like B stories and sitcoms and now people are like, yeah, no, that's true. I'm sure we did it on the FactCheck back then and we will have to do it again About it. It'll be apologies to all of our Jewish friends. All right. I, I adore you. Thanks for coming. Everybody watched. Thanks for coming. Both Running Point. Yes.


Which is on now On Netflix. Go Waves. And then The Studio, which is March 26th on Apple plus Apple Plus Go Studio. Well You've got your dong in both of the big streamers, don't you? Oh my God. I got a real garbage dick when it comes to working with people With the good, with the powerhouse streamers. I'm setting up a deal this year where I fuck Amazon. Get some of those pesos. Boom. Look at that. Look at that. I was maybe gonna cut it now. I can't. You Can't. It's in there. She was sharpening her scissors as I brought up Jeff Pesos Serious day. I love you guys so much. Thank you guys for having me. Love You. Measle tough. I sure hope there weren't any mistakes in that episode, but we'll find out.


When my mom misses Monica comes in and tells us what was wrong. Ike Baren holds. Got Him. Got him. Got Him up. Well I was with Joe Gillette. Great. We were talking about Jackie Tone on Jeopardy. Oh fun. Which then led to me, I tell everyone who will listen about Ike's Big win, Incredible performance in the true tournament of champions. Yeah. Really cool. Won the quarterfinals. Almost won the semis. Yeah, He's It's a big deal. Yeah. What a guy. Okay. You fell in love. Do you wanna tell people I have a big story. Yeah, Let's talk about you falling. I Used still wait.


Yeah, he can. He'll have his time. Yesterday was such a weird day for me. Okay. You know in television. Yes. I know television. You know about it. Yeah. The industry. Yeah. In television series sometimes there's an episode called a Bottle episode. It's an episode that sort of a one-off episode in the middle of the series that normally doesn't really take place in the same location. It has fewer of the like regular characters. It's sort of a one-off. It's a cost saving episode. Exactly. Yep. Yesterday was the bottle episode of my life.


Oh, okay. I had a bottle episode. Okay. Wow. Yesterday I had to, we had nothing. We weren't recording yesterday. We had the day off yesterday. We, yesterday we had the day off. It was gonna be great. You know, I, I was gonna have time to edit and get ahead. Yeah, yeah, me Too. I was gonna do Research of Thursday's guest. Yeah. Nose to the Grindstone. Grindstone. Yeah. And, but I did have one thing to do, which is go to Santa Monica. Ooh. For my face. Yes. Shout out again to Jen at Corrective Skincare. She's just changed my face. I mean really. She's Really taking you to new places. She Really new. I'm so grateful for her.


Anyway, so I had to go to Santa Monica. But Side questions sounds perverse, but I am sincere. Yeah. Like men's butt cheeks are not appealing. They're like hairy and they just look terrible in general. Well sometimes they're nice. And you see those ones on tv? Yes. Like if they're good enough, you're, you'll be a star. Yeah. Do you think they could do butt, like really get your butt cheeks looking healthy and moisturized and like Sure. Pink and appealing. Yeah. If you cared about that. I'm sure. But I Is your face the same as your butt? I guess the skin is skin. Skin is skin. But not really. Like the issues that you'd have on your face are probably different than the ones on your butt cheeks.


I don't know which specific ones you're referring to. Yeah. I don't want to get into all understand different things. I understand. Wish were more attractive about my butt cheeks. But do you want like, because What's happening is my butt is getting bigger, which has been my goal for 40 years. Yes. Through all the cycling. Yeah. And I look at it in the mirror and I'm like, great. It has the shape I want, but I want it to look like a male model's nude butt. Like, Well, do you just wanna get it waxed? I mean I You mentioned hair earlier, so I can only imagine. I don't, I mean I don't, but I do. But I won't. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Well I think first step would be that, Yeah. And then see where We're at and then some sort of serums and moisture.


But just also my butt cheeks have never been in the sun or very minimally. Have they ever been in the sun? Yeah. So they're the pal part of my body. I don't like that part. Sure. Let's just say there was no hair. Let's say there's no hair and it looks great. Other than it's just stark white Because she May get brown. Maybe you want, you want I don't think so. Okay. You could do self tanner On my butt cheeks. Yeah. If you really care. Is that alright? Is there a such thing as self tanner or is it just a tint tinted moisturizer you're using? Or can you put a cream on that'll make the mein Comea? No, it No, It, it's just a tint. It's a tint I think. I mean, might help. I don't know. God, I wish my butt cheeks were brown. I really do. I did For when?


In Rome. 'cause I had so many revealing scenes and I was a male model. I was getting spray tanned the whole time I was in New York. Oh yeah. Yep. And I will say, I was like, oh, I like that. My butt is that color. Yeah. That's Nice. You could get a s another spray. You could get back into spray tan. Yeah. Look in the like offer up or one of these sites. Buy a used decommissioned spray tanning booth so I can do it at home. It is very embarrassing to go. Why don't you just also, you could suntan them. Yes. I would love to. And this is one of my grievances about my life is that there's so many people at my house. There's never ever, and I'll get agitated, I'll be in my backyard and I think like, yeah, I have this beautiful backyard.


I should be able to tan my butt cheeks. No way. Yeah. Dog walker walkin on walkin. You're right. You're right. My sister while, oh, yikes. Do you, do you wanna go to my house and do it? Yes. Is that available? Yeah. Okay, great. You can do All my butt tanning mean I might randomly come to my house. That's gonna, I, That's probably gonna be an issue. The chances are less, I guess when you go out town. Yeah. I'll do my ass tanning over There. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Sorry I interrupt you. No, that's fine. So you're a face persons? Yes. Yes. She's the best. But normally, but we're Normally All circles, back circles. Oh my god.


Circles wrong features. So, so we normally are recording, so I have to go after we're recording, which means I have to do a whole thing. Right. Like I plan the face appointment at 4 45 so that I can just stay in Santa Monica and get a bite To eat. Hopefully Molly's available, hopefully. And then she cancels. And then you don't want to go and you say, I hate it. And I said, didn't you love it? I thought you were excited to go. Correct. That's what happens. And then sometimes, every now and then you tonk on the way home. Right. So, so this time since we didn't have anything, I was like, oh, I can schedule it midday and I can try to avoid some of this crazy traffic.


Yeah. So I scheduled it for 12. Relaxing morning. Actually I had a tiny bug. Okay. So I went to bed at eight the night before and I woke up at 10. God, am I jealous? 14 hours. Yeah. I really needed it. I think I still, I didn't feel that great when I woke up, but better based on the sleep. But anyway, so I go to Santa Monica, what Your room smelled like. Ew Bug. Plus 14 hours. Don't Say that. Why couldn't It have smelled good? Maybe it did, maybe it smelled great. Know one, maybe it maybe even prettier in there after, You know, one time Delta came over, we stopped by my house to get something and we were going shopping and she came into my room and she said, it smells like Monica in here.


I love this smell Then. Yeah, she would've loved it. Should've sent her over to wake you up. Anyway. Okay. So I go and drive there. It takes forever, but it's fine. It's fine. Yeah. I, and face appointment goes great. I decide I'm gonna go, this is an hour, 15 minute drive. Right. It's fine. Then I decide I'm gonna go to r and d kitchen afterwards. Yeah. Oh, what a tree. Montana. Montana Street. Yeah. Drive there. Sit at the bar. Have my delicious chicken sandwich, have a cookie. Oh wow. Secret cookie. Okay. They have secret cookies there. Oh.


And I dunno if I'm allowed to say that. Sorry. R and d. But that's what happened. Get back in the car. I'm like, okay, it's an hour and saying it's an hour and three minutes. Uhoh. But I hate that place. I know. But okay. All right. It's fine. Start driving back. It's, it's take gonna be longer than an hour and three. It's looking like, but I'm like, it's okay. I still have time. I'm gonna get my work done. It's okay. Everything's okay. Don't panic. Yeah. I'm on the highway. All of a sudden the Tire warning light comes On, the light comes on, it shows me which tire. And I was like, oh, maybe it's just like nothing. Maybe just low air pressure. Sure. And then immediate, it is just Dr. It is dropping so fast.


Okay. And it's hits zero. And I was like, I wonder if I can keep going. Yeah. I don't think it's smart. Let me pull over and and see. So I got off in Culver City still extremely far. Yeah. I had not made it very far. Almost worse. Maybe now you're in that tangled web of traffic. Exactly. Yeah. So I get off, I go into this parking lot and luckily my dad had forced me over Christmas to buy this basically air pump. Oh. And it's really cool. It's digital. You like plug it in, it tells you what the pressure is and you can fill it up.


So it did say zero and I tried to fill it up and it could only get to five. Okay. So it was clear there was a big issue here. Yeah. Big gash or big hole. Then I am really like deflated. Defeated. Defeated. I'm in fucking Culver City. It time is a ticking, like It's gonna get worse and worse and worse. Exactly. Traffic is just gonna get so bad. I don't really know what to do. 'cause big grievance cars don't have spare tires anymore. Right. I mean you, you probably could have driven. Okay. But I couldn't have because I ended up having to move the car to another parking spot because this woman was mad at me.


Yeah. And then, and it was like so bad driving from one parking spot to the other. Okay. 'cause these are drive flat tires. Run the idea, what's it called? Run flats. Sorry. Run flat tires. It's the i the ideas that you can go like 50 miles. Yeah. On low, whatever. But that's not true. I couldn't even go one parking spot over. Anyway. This was all horrible. I didn't know what to do. I texted you. Yeah. I called you. You were on Kristen's set. Yeah. And then you were texting me some places I could take the car, but I was like, oh God, then I'm gonna be stuck in Culver City. Like this is a disaster. Yeah.


Luckily my dad forced me to get aaa. Actually he pays for it. That. That's so sweet. I know. It's really sweet. And he, and so I called AAA and it says it's gonna be an hour. I was like, oh my God. Just I wanna die. You know? This free day was robbed from you. Let's just say that. Yes. And I'm, but I'm also, I'm like, but I have to like, I have to get a, I gotta do work. I, what am I gonna do? Yeah. And it says it's gonna be an hour away and then it's not. It's only 15 minutes. Oh, wonderful. That's fantastic. Turn around. Yes. But the thing is, we decide, you help me decide that the smartest thing to do is for us to tow the car to our area.


To a tire shop. To a tire shop to go see John at American. Yes. You Know, I love Yeah. You know, and you love, and so I was like, God, I'm gonna be in this car with this stranger. I Didn't even know they let you ride with tow truck person. Yeah. Yeah. You, you can, you can. Yeah. Wow. Okay. It feels like a big liability, but yeah. Right. But yeah, so, so I'm like, I'm gonna have to be in a car with this stranger for like an hour half. I wonder If you tonka and a half is your last time. Well, I had already worried about that. I was like, what if I Tonka and then I have to pull, like what am I gonna do anyway? So this man comes to pick me up and he gets out of the truck and he's like, what happened?


I was like, oh no, this is already a disaster. And I was like, well, he was like, did you hit something? I said I maybe, I don't know. Probably. Yeah. Well, no, it was more like, I don't know what happened, sir. I, I don't even know how I drive this thing. I am just a little girl. And then he said, okay. And he, you know, puts it up there and I get in his car and then I share my location with Jess. 'cause I was like, I just, this is uncomf. Like I'm about to be in a, that's scary to me, being in a car with a stranger. And I was very skeptical. Okay. Even if they're working for a, I Know, but you just never know. And so then he starts talking immediately.


He's chatty. Yeah. You know, well first he says, how long do you have to wait? I said, oh, not long at all. Oh good. And then he like goes into a very long spiel about sometimes people have to wait hours. It's not his fault. Right. It's because the line didn't train. You know, didn't, he didn't get a call. Then his son calls, he takes the call with the son. He then Tells him he's 70. You say He's around. I would guess 70 I learned. And Although he is black, so he could have been 90. Correct. Right. Because they Age so much better than Yeah. But his son is like 30. Okay. So yeah. Okay. Maybe 65. I'm not sure. So he then tells me about his son. And he's worried about his son, but he is doing good, but he's worried he does have some mental health problems.


And then we talked the whole ride. Yeah. He is going three miles an hour. Okay, sure. So I did. So he's concentrating on the chat a Little bit. And I did think, oh my God. 'cause we, the shop closed at five. This was around three. And I was like, I don't know that we're even gonna make it gonna make, so, you know, I'm having a lot of this turmoil of Oh, like I just don't wanna be here. Well, you can control of the thing. Yes. I don't wanna be here. I'm stuck here. This is fucking sucks. My day, day's ruined Terrible free day. Yep. And, and then I'm like, I gotta like start doing email or talking to someone and, and then he, he says, hi, his name is Ted.


Yeah. Says, you know, kind of kids these days are really addicted to their phones and he'll have a lot of people on that are just, you know, they're addicted to their phones. And so I was like, oh God. Yeah. He he judo You. Yeah. I was like, I can't, I need to be present here. Yeah. And then he said some really sweet stuff about, he likes being the part of people's day. Like it's the, you know, their day is gone bad. Yep. And he likes to He's the solution. Yeah. He likes to help people. And then I was like, you know what, I'm just gonna be present for Ted. Yeah. Not gonna answer the phone. Then we talked the whole way. Yeah. And then he was so, He Really liked it So, so nice and kind and sweet and lovely.


And it was a bottle episode And it mostly took place in the car. Very cheap to Shoot. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. And yeah, he told me all these, all these sweet stories about his life. And I just really enjoyed Say What enjoyed what asked you If you were, Well, first he said first he, he looked at me and he said, you're Filipino. Yep. Got it. Yeah. And I said, no, no, I'm not Indian. He said, I I knew that. I sh I know that. See, This is where I'm jealous of people that are minorities. 'cause you're, you're free to guess. Yeah, yeah. I wasn't offended. Exactly. Yeah, because he is black. You're like great. Yeah. And, and he was so good hearted. Yeah.


So am I Monica? I Yeah, you are. You are. You are, you are. But anyway, he, he said That, hold on a second. Let me see if I can see Filipino. I can, I can see it a little Bit. Yeah. Can you Rob? Yeah, I can see it a little Bit. You can, yeah. Well. Oh wow. Yeah. Philippines have un uncharacteristically big round eyes for Asians. Sure. Right Rob? Yep. Yep. We can say that. Okay. Yep. Because Rob is part, there Should be an AI if people forget Rob is part Filipino. According to him, he's 25% Filipino. My wife is half Filipino and her family's all Filipinos. So you dial So you decided you are also the He's our resident expert on Filipinos.


Yeah. So anyway, he, he had, he thought I was Filipino. I said, no Indian. He said, no, I knew that, I knew that he was really, really upset with himself, that he had messed that up. But then he said, yeah, but like Maybe you're from, he could be anything. I was like, yeah, I could be anything, you know, and then Wouldn't we all, So he told me on these sweet stories and about blessings and, you know, he stuff He knew about India or No, just in general. Blessings in life. And he gave his step granddaughter, who he's calls, who calls him his dad. He's very close to her. Yeah. She was moving from elementary school to middle school and she needed new clothes.


And so he, she asked her dad for these, for money, grandpa, dad, her grandpa dad. Yeah. And he was like, oh, I didn't know what to do. 'cause I only had $250 in my bank account. I wasn't, you know, doing very well then, but I gave her $200. Oh. It's like, oh, dang. Yeah. Now you're like, I'm a terrible person. Yeah. Yeah. I thought, oh, like when he was telling me this story, I really thought the world did this today. Right. The world, the universe world made me stop and have a real conversation with a real person living a real life. You got real Challenges, real challenges, and is also like, so beautiful, has positive, this great optimistic view on life.


And here I am, like I can't go do my edit. Like so fucking dumb. And, and My free day's ruined. Yeah. All I got was chicken sandwich And the facial. Yeah. So, yeah, he, it was like, I need, I was supposed to, He was a prospective. I was supposed to meet Ted. I really was supposed to meet Ted, But he also, go ahead. I want to hear about the romantic Stuff. Okay. Hold on. But I'm not done. Okay. So he, he said he, he said, but it was a blessing. It was, he couldn't believe it because the next day, also, there's a lot of in-between parts of the story. His, a woman he was seeing at the time ended up taking the d the grand baby shopping because he didn't go, he didn't wanna go.


He asked the mom if the new girlfriend could go, and then turns out she needed a bra. So he was glad he didn't go. Yeah. That's, that's cool. Yeah. We were all happy for Ted that he didn't have to go endure that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then the next day, an old friend calls just catching up and then the old friend says, oh, hey man, you know what? I owe you $200. He was like, I was shocked. Yeah. Because I'd just given this money and then I got it back and yeah. It was a beautiful story. Anyway, had a great, great hour and a half long ride with Ted. Yeah. I, I, I succumbed to the situation. I was like, you know what, here I am. You surrendered. Correct. I surrendered IUC accepted.


I accept it. You Saca. I think that's a word you can say. So then, you know, oh, at one point he says, you look 25. But because we had talked about my parents, you know, we, we know each other so well now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. So he, he knew my parents' ages, so he said, you look 25, but you're what? Probably. And then you're like, maybe you're 35. And I said, I'm 37. Yeah. And he said, wow. Yeah. Wow. And then, you know, then by then, when we were pulling up, I am glad this happened at the end. Okay. We were pulling up to John John's shop. Yep. And he said, do you have kids? And I said, no, I don't. And he said, oh man, no, you gotta have kids.


You gotta have a, you gotta have, you gotta have a girl that looks just like you. Oh. And I was like, that's really sweet, Ted. Thank you. Yeah. And he said, but you have a husband. Right? And I said, no, I don't have a husband. And then he almost, Dr. Drove the truck off the road. I bet He really, he really was surprised Yes. By that. And he said, well, then everyone's dumb or blind. There We go. Nice. Which was very, very, very nice. And I said, well, that's sweet. But you know, I was like, well, part of it's me, you know? He like, oh, oh Good. You took a little ownership over this Record. I said, well, I, I work hard and I'm busy and I don't really, you know, date that much.


And then he said, and I said, so, you know, part of that's me. He said, well, are you tough? And I was like, yeah, I'm tough and I have high expectations. And I said, and also, What if he said, do, do you not clean house? Is that No, he was very progressive as you're about, you're about to hear. I said, well, you know, also, a lot of men are threatened by accomplished women. And he said, I've been hearing this, I've been hearing this, and I really don't understand it. I don't understand why If you, If you couldn't be with a smart woman, why would you, why wouldn't you be with the smart woman? Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. So he gave me his phone number Ah. And he, and he said, maybe we can go to lunch. Yeah. And he said, he said, we could maybe go to lunch sometime.


He's Like, oh my God, I'm He Dating this rich box. He wasn't asking me out. He just wants to, maybe we could develop some sort of relationship where we go to lunch. Yeah. And, and I said, yeah, absolutely. And then I, I gave him a tip. Okay, great. And He was, he like, you know, took the money and he said, I'm gonna save a lot of this for our lunch. Oh, I love him. I love him. I love him. He's the nicest person I've ever met. Yeah. I think when I told Jeff's story, he said, this is when you, like, you do the review and you're like, Ted was great. And they say, Ted's been dead for eight years.


Ted stopped driving for us in oh six when he passed. I know. He's like a ghost. He's a ghost angel. Yeah. Ghost angel. It was a beautiful experience. Yeah. Love it. And I was really, I was really grateful for it. Good. And I needed it. I needed it. I Needed it. Yeah. You learned a lesson by the end of the bottle episode. I Do. You always do. You Gotta learn a lesson. You forget it the next episode. But you do learn it with The episode. Oh yeah. This morning I woke up and I was like, like, fuck, I didn't do anything I was supposed to do. I'm not, I'm not Filipino. You racist motherfucker. I know. So, yeah. And I decided to give in to the rest of the day. I didn't do any of the things I was supposed to do. I didn't answer any emails. I Don't know why I thought of this. I mean, because this story's so sweet. And then I just naturally have to think of something terrible.


Go ahead. What if he had said, he's talking about the, and then I, so I sent my girlfriend to go take her shopping and that worked out. I was, you know, but unfortunately we, we broke up. She said my penis was too big for her. Ted would never say that. Ted would never say that. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is a no fee credit card that gives you daily cash back every day. That's 3% back at Apple and 2% back on every purchase made with Apple Card using Apple Pay. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app on your iPhone today. Subject to credit approval variable APRs for Apple Card range from 18.24% to 28.49% based on credit worthiness rates as of January 1st, 2025. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


I wonder if anyone's ever said they broke up with someone though because their partner I'm just happened. Their Penis happened. Well, I think it really has happened. Yeah. Now whether you would say that or not. Well, I'm not gonna give too many details, but I do know a tangential story of someone who spoke of their ex-boyfriend and said His dick was stupid. He had such a big dick. Yeah, I've heard that. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's not for everyone. I think I'm gonna say too, too big's worse than too small. Well, yeah. If it's painful. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a part of, not best in show, but waiting for a guffman. Oh, I love it. Where he had to get penis reduction surgery. I don't remember that. Yeah. I should rewatch that. Anyway, let's not mi this sweet story about Ted.


He didn't say anything like that. And he was a beautiful man and I'm grateful I met him. I guess my only update is I had a first date that went, yeah. Really, really well Wait, because I wanna hear all about this. So, so real quick, I do wanna just say publicly, I just wanna thank you for helping me. Oh, my pleasure. Because You, you did lot. It's rare. A lot. I feel very helpful. Your interests are not things I can generally help with. Yeah. You never calling me like my jeans to buy and stuff. Yeah. Like, oh my God, they didn't have this sweater. Don't you know a guy? I don't. No. Right. I don't know anything about any of that. Yeah. But yes, If you have tire problem, I'm like on it. Here's three places by you. Here's my guy John. I text John, this car's coming, so get this tire already ordered.


You Know? But that's why it's perfect because I don't need you for fashion jeans. Right. Like I have my own expertise there, but when I'm sitting in the parking lot of a Sprouts in Culver City and I'm like, I guess here now is Zoe Live? Are you inside? Get some Ted Seagers. Fuck. Should have went in and, I'm sorry. Killed a couple Kansas Ted Seagers. I, when I think like, I guess I live here now in this parking lot. Yeah. Right, right. This is my new reality Then. It is very helpful to have someone who knows how to help get me out of there. Oh my pleasure. So I appreciate it. I wish you had more flat tires. Not for you, But for my usefulness to you. I only need one 10 experience. Like once every 10 years. Oh, okay. Alright. I'll hear from you again in 2035.


Anyway. So you had a great date. I had a date, yeah. A Sunday date, which is a very fun day to have a date. And my, my date was Walton Walton Goggins. Walton Goggins Goggle Glasses. Uncle Billy Billy's volleyball Bongers. And he had worked like 90 hours that week. Whew. You know, he is shooting fallout. Oh real show to shoot. I mean he's in makeup for hours. Yeah. He's on cables. Yeah. So I think the mood was right. Like I think he was just so grateful to have a fucking day off Nice. And to chill and a sauna and a hot tub. And you never know how these first dates are gonna go. Yeah.


And it was just really fun. But then we got in a zone in the hot tub. I bet we were in the hot tub together for an hour and a half. Nice. Just really Shriveled up. Digging in. Yeah. Yeah. Pruned up. Mm. And yeah, it was just really wonderful. We have so many similar vibey things. So I think that's my full update on life. That's great. Is I had a really fun date and I look forward to more. And then I found out last night while we were texting that we both worship Lon Jennings. It's just really going well. Did You, you should watch his Architectural Digest. There's A video of it. Yes. They do video, they do house tours of cool houses. I saw, I saw pictures of the Architectural Digest thing. There's a video, the house in Hudson Valley, there's a video. It's gorgeous.


Yeah, it's gorgeous. He's so neat. He's like been obsessed. I learned on Sunday, like he used to just, when he was a broke actor, he spent almost all of his time, free time in these furniture stores of these really fancy furniture and different like home decor places. Yeah. Art. And he just spent a bunch of time there and they'd say to him like, what, this is your like 10th time in here? And he's like, yeah, yeah. I can't afford to buy anything, but I just love this stuff. And then a couple of really beautiful things where the one dude was like, well how much do you have in your pocket? Oh. And sold him something for crazy cheap. Oh really? Yeah. So he's, he's so genuinely, I used to go to lots of home stores before I could afford it.


No one offered me, you Gotta go 30 days in a row and then they gotta want to get rid of you. And like, what is it in here you could walk out with? And then I, I never back. Oh, how sweet. Yeah, he has great taste. Oh yeah. Fantastic taste. Yeah. What a stylish dude. Did you notice What's behind you? Monica? Oh shit. Yeah. Okay. Rob has an update. Oh It was, he went back to the coffee shop. They only had one left. He went back to the coffee shop and he got this merch that says Atelier BF Vincent was with me and thought it was for him and Oh no. Kept asking in when he gets his present.


Rob, This happened before with us. Rob Did it. Yes. There's this very similar, oh it was when we were at the D stanza gardens. Calvin was there. Calvin, He bought something or my girls bought something and they gave It to, oh it was a lollipop and it To Calvin. He offered it to me. Oh, and then you had to go rebuy it. Right. Calvin? I told him he could get one thing from the gift shop. He got a lollipop and he gave it to Monica. Yeah. Oh right. I knew. I remembered it. And then you had to sneak back in again another, your kids Are the sweetest. It is really. One's not real. I feel bad that we aren't giving this to Vinny Kill. He's got a really good, he has a million stuff he had. If it weren't for that, I'd give him it.


But it's good for our spoiled kids to not get something every now and then. But Wow. At best Friend. And what is this? I think it's a, like Sasquatch. The box says, oh God. Oh, I keep holding it up to me. 'cause I'm getting something. I'm really getting something Like one of three best Friends. Oh. Oh. We can collect. Oh, I know what it looks like. It looks like Alf. Turn it around and stare at the nose. It really is alpha adjacent. This is Mocha. It says Barista mocha and designer, fluffy boy and brown are longtime best friends. Aw, That's nice. Wow. Brown. So maybe, okay, Rob is Mocha.


You are fluffy boy. And I'm brown. Oh, wonderful. Well that's really cute. And you're both Filipino And I'm still over here as a caucasoid. Boring. Old. Old Caucasoid. Well Maybe one of my daughters will marry someone And Then, and then that'll make me 12% or whatever. Yeah. Alright. Well we're a little bit on a time contract. I did do, yeah. We'll say that. Go ahead. Next time. No, we'll say it for next time. Okay. Okay. So this is for Ike. We just love Ike. What God, so much. Now you said there's a saying 10 feet tall and something there's a, and then you said and Bulletproof question mark.


There's a song called 10 Feet Tall and Bulletproof. It's by Travis Trit. 1994. There's also a ding, ding, ding quote from eastbound and down, 10 feet tall and strong as an ox. Nice. Kind of a hybrid. Yeah. Richest man in Mexico. Carlos Slim Still. Yeah. Ooh. Is well. Does fluctuate it. Why you wanna do a crypto, a Bitcoin? Yep. Boy, I wonder what it's at Cost of Bitcoin three 85,675. That's A little lower. Or had it gone? What was the, the nadier of it So far? I don't re, well I don't remember the lowest.


It's gone so far, but it's, it's been declining. Yeah. Okay. Now what is ebitda? Mm. EBITDA Accompanies earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amort. Amortization. That's a hard word for me. Amortization. Amortization. Yeah. I don't know. I like to say amortized. Oh, that reminds me. I went to Lauren Graham's birthday party. Oh. And her father was there who we spoke about a bunch. Right. Yeah. Who learned Vietnamese when he was in college. Sure. And went over to Vietnam and I was having to explain this to numerous people I was sitting with and I kept saying it wrong and I thought, God, this is so rough for him.


'cause he Yeah. Speaks it. Yeah. And it'd be like If you were around me and you kept calling it Indian. Yeah. It'd be offensive. And I try my hardest, one neat thing he taught me about vie Vietnam news is that you can say the same five words, like they're the same five words, but it's your tone that changes the word dramatically. So you could say the same sentence, but If you don't have the tone and then it kind of explained when I'm listening to them speak, it does sound really kind of all over the map tonally. Oh, interesting. And that's because that's how they're changing the meaning of the word.


That's so cool. Yeah. I like that. He gave some great examples of where like the same sentence means this if you're up here and then the it means this if you're down here. Oh, Nice. Okay. Is progeria when you're aging really quickly. Yes. Rare genetic disorder that causes premature aging in children. I hate That disease. I know. Who was the other person in jeopardy? Semi semifinals with Ike. There was Ben Chan and then Jared Watson. He was the other one. Okay. Jared Watson. By the way, Jackie beat Neil Degrass Tyson. I'm So proud of Jackie. That's awesome.


Yeah. He said 1995. Bill Clinton signed National Hugs Act. That was a joke. That's not real. It's not real. Okay. And I'm sad about it. Yeah. I wish it was real. Although an excuse for a lot of unwanted hugs, if it's a national, people are like, I'm so sorry, I just gotta do this. You're right. Hong Kong, Kong Arru. Oh yeah. Tune in Tokyo. National Hugs. Yep. I guess we did dodge a bullet there. Okay. Did Marilyn Manson? You Did? Not me. Well, I don't think you would like some person coming up to you. Random going NK Kong tune in Tokyo Arga. Oh yeah. Yeah. That if They throw Arga my way, I might be able to deal with it. Okay. Did Marilyn Manson take his ribs out so he could suck his own dick?


No. To hear you say it that way is so funny. He didn't do it. It He Didn't do that. Yeah. It turns out he could suck his own dick with all of His words in place. Yeah. I didn't need need to remove any What? A bizarre urban legend. Did Bruce Springsteen kiss? Clarence Clements? Oh Yes They did. They kissed many times at the end. Oh, they kiss All The time. At the end of the song Thunder Road. Clarence said that it just happened spontaneously the first time because Bruce was kneeling down by him. They loved each other like brothers, and it just seemed natural. Then I guess they made it into a thing. Okay. He talked about eating a gigantic sandwich, Right. During the writer's sessions with Mindy and Dave. Dave, yeah. The way he was talking about that sandwich, he can sell It.


I wanted it so bad and then I ate, I got a gigantic sandwich immediately after I left a Dagwood. No, it was Turkey. Okay. What's a dagwood? Yeah, You should look it up. But it's just an enormous sandwich. My grandmother used to say, you do want a dagwood and it was just like, it would be seven inches tall with like lettuce and tomato and this and that. Tall, Tall multi-layer sandwich made with a variety of meats, cheeses and condiments. But is it different than a sub Daggle? It's taller with just like regular More vertical white bread. Okay. Like the house on the border, Kentucky in Cincinnati. Okay. I mean, I don't think the bread matters, but like a typical loaf. Oh, Interesting. Okay. Anyway, I think he could sell sandwiches like as a second career.


Yeah. He Could do anything just by saying I ate a sandwich. Like it really got me. Okay. Who's the rat race actor? Who looks like Ike? His name is Vince v Vlo. Vince Vlo. V-I-E-L-U-F is fucking through a sheet Hot. Well that is no question. Yes. Yeah. TBD, but no. Is it a thing in the Hasidic Jewish community? No, let's just put that to rest. Yeah, it's Not But let's bring it up in five months again. Yeah, We will. Different guest. And then Measle Tov you say at the end of the episode. That's an old callback. You used to say it all the time. Our early listeners will remember it.


Well. Yep. And I When I was on Twitter still, You weren't saying it because measles have had an outbreak. You It was an old callback. That's it. That was everything. Okay. Let me shout it from the rooftops. I love it. Ike Baren. Oh, me too. I think he might be the perfect person. He's a great person because He does, he's kind of like, remember when Jonah Nolan rolled up and you're like, this guy's a genius. Same with Ike. That's so Mixed. Messies. I love that. We love mixed messies. Yeah. All right. All right. Love you. Love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Imagine this, you help your little brother land a great job abroad, but when he arrives, the job doesn't exist. Instead, he's trapped in a heavily guarded compound, forced to sit at a computer and scam innocent victims all while armed guards stand by with shoot to kill orders. Scam Factory. The explosive new True Crime podcast from Wondery exposes a multi-billion dollar criminal empire operating in plain sight, told through one family's harrowing account of sleepless nights, desperate phone calls and dangerous rescue attempts. Scam Factory reveals a brutal truth. The only way out is to scam their way out. Follow Scam factory on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of Scam Factory early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.