
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert Experts on Expert. I'm Dak Shepherd. I'm joined by Lily Patman. Hi. Confusing guest today. Very, Very confusing. James Kimmel Jr. Not, not the son or father Of Jimmy Kimmel, correct? Yes. But do you know Jimmy Kimmel's already a junior? Oh, So he would've to be the third. Oh, okay. That's neither here nor they're James Kimmel Jr. Is a lecture in psychiatry at the Yale School of Medicine, a lawyer and the founder and co-director of the Yale Collaborative for Motive Control studies. His previous two books are Suing for Peace and the Trial of Fallen Angels, and he has a new book out right now that I have not been able to stop thinking about.


I think I talked about in a previous fact check. It's really kinda ruining my enjoyment of revenge movies and my own fantasies. His new book is The Science of Revenge, understanding the World's S Deadliest Addiction and How to Overcome It. This was a wild episode. It Was really interesting and important. I think these, this group of people studying this really has finally isolated the quintessential ingredient to violence. Yeah. Revenge, scary, Revenge. Scary or all revenge Addicted. Scary. Scary. Some more than others. Yeah, some More than Others. But he also gives some prescriptive ways of trying to mitigate that. Yes. Which is great.


Yes. Forgiveness. It's not sexy, but it works. It's pretty sexy. There's Not any like really heart pounding movies about the moment. The hero forgives. It's not passionate. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. So our, our medium may take a hit, but it ultimately may be worth it. Please enjoy James Kimmel Jr.


Get Into your body's vitals with the Vitals app on Apple. Watch the vitals. App tracks key overnight metrics so you can spot changes in your health before you feel them. The Vitals app on Apple Watch iPhone 10 s are later required. The Vitals app is for wellness purposes only and not for medical use.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card today and start earning up to 3% daily cash back on everyday purchases. And that daily cash can even grow automatically when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. What are you waiting for? Visit apple.co/card calculator today to see how much daily cash you can earn. Subject to credit approval savings available to Apple card owners, subject to eligibility, savings, and Apple Card by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA member, FDIC terms and more@applecard.com.


He's in. Hey. Hello. How are you Doing Great, Dax. Welcome. Nice to meet you. James. Nice to meet you, Dax. I like that. Watch. Thank you. Do you know this Monica, about fancy watches? A, I don't care at all about this, but these crazy watches that are millions of dollars, it's all about how many complications they have. I've read that. What does that even mean, Really? Like how many bullshit mechanisms do they have to create the time?


So it'll literally be like 3000 complications and the back is just, wow, this rat's nest of cogs, The moon phases and other added complications levels nobody really cares about. They make the actual pornography more complicated than it needs to be. It's a complicated machine to perform a simple task. Ah. That's what we've got going with a lot of these watches. Yeah. I was just reading an article in, I think it was the Wall Street Journal, about this effort in Europe to get more young people to become watchmakers because Oh, the people that have been around building watches or dying out. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So they've been sponsoring this and some of them are doing their own watches and not really working for the brand names and creating their own names.


It might take them to build one $170,000 watch a couple of years, one person. It's just Crazy. Oh, so handsome. Watch Pennsylvania. Michigan, excellent. I feel like these are similar cultures. Yes. And Atlanta not that far off, although below the Mason Dixon line, so, you know. Yeah. Slightly different. Yeah. Northerners have to be snobby on that. Yeah, sure. Sure. You take whatever you can get. Right. Course should feel better than other peoples course. I get that. Yeah. And none of us had anything to do with it. Right, right, right. What part of Pennsylvania? I grew up in rural central Pennsylvania. Now I live outside Philadelphia. You grew up in kind of farmland? Farmland, right near State College where Penn State is located about a half hour west in dairy country.


Okay. So first of all, I just wanna say I immediately, when you were scheduled text Jimmy Kimmel and said, I'm interviewing your son on Wednesday. And he said, Kevin, and I said, no, no. James Kimmel Jr. He does have a question for you. What is it? This is coming directly from Jimmy Kim. Okay. Why not go by Jimmy? Right. Well, I didn't wanna put shade on him. Sure. Step on his toe. I wanna sort of give him a chance to grow an audience, that sort of thing. You know? I didn't wanna step on anything. Be his own person. Right. Yeah. Be your own person. Don't live in my shadow. That's Very big of you. Yeah. Did you go by Jimmy as a kid, or always James? Some Of my family members called me Jimmy, and that was when I was younger.


The older I got, the more I adopted Jim and professionally. You gotta go, James. I moved to James. I would answer to any three of those. Okay. Now, do you benefit, get annoyed? Tell me about the experience of having such a popular name. The benefit I get is people wanna talk about it. Yes. And go, oh, Jimmy Kimmel. Some people might go, I thought you might be, If you make a reservation, which would be in good faith. Ah yes. Right. Because I'd say this is just Jimmy Kimmel, but I don't do that because again, I don't wanna throw shade. A lot of integrity over there. Yeah. I'm trying to be a good guy. You should a thousand percent make reservations in New York at the hardest places and do it for Jimmy Kimmel. And then when you get there, if they're mad, you show them your license.


Yeah. And what they gonna say? Like, well, we take away the reservation. They're not. That's right. Exactly. There's a famous physicist, Brian Cox, and there's also a very famous British actor, Brian Cox, who is on succession, and he has many times shown up to a restaurant and they're super disappointed that it's him. It kind of breaks their hearts, doesn't It? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Most of the people just enjoy talking about it. Your question is, the question I always get asked, do you get asked a thousand times? Anything about Jimmy Kimmel? What he did, and he had me and Dr. Phil on, not on the show, but in this photo. 'cause Phil had done an interview with Trump and Phil had brought me up in the interview with Oh, McDonald. And did Trump get super confused? He wasn't.


That's a good question. He actually, I haven't heard that question before. That's interesting. But that then got to Jimmy. So he brings up to the audience, Hey, listen to this name that Phil brings up during this interview with Trump. And everybody of course explodes. And then he's like, I'm a researcher when I'm not on stage up here. Which was kind of cool. And then he brought both of our pictures up and then in this really mad swipe, as nice as I've been, right. I've been a very moral You have good boy, right? You have? Yeah. And he puts a side by side of Dr. Phil and I up and he goes, look, everything that Dr. Phil touches turns bald. Oh, Not necessary. Cheap shot, Jimmy. That's a creep shot again, you gotta feed.


It was very funny actually, the inferno of content. So being a revenge researcher, I've been plotting how to get my revenge against Jimmy for months now, and I don't know how to do it. I'm gonna add, and I'll put a bow on this Jimmy Kimmel thing, not the dude to pick up prank fight with. Oh, that's kind of his bread and butter expert. Okay. So your book, The Science of Revenge, understanding the World's S Deadliest Addiction and How to overcome It, we're gonna learn all about, but I think you do have an incredibly interesting story to your obsession with the topic of revenge as addiction. And I guess I'd love to start there. We know you're from Pennsylvania, we know it was farm town, and what was that experience like? My folks moved our family to this farm.


It had been my great grandfather's farm when I was age 12. When I got there, I just thought this was the most amazing place to be raised ever. We had a small herd of black Angus cattle, we had some pigs and chickens and things like that, and about a hundred acres, but surrounded by dairy farms that were real working dairy farms. My dad was an insurance agent, not a farmer. So that's how we made our living. And these animals were still my great-grandfathers and I worked with him taking care of them. So I wasn't a real raised from the land kid. And you moved at 12 if you're moving in seventh grade, That was it. Seventh grade. That's A rough time to move.


Yeah. I wanted to fit in. I wanted these guys to like me. I wanted to hang out with them. They had the really amazing tractors and I'm kind of a tractor nut, and they had the big stuff. We had this old 1950 worked only half the time, little small Ford tractor, but I really wanted them to like me. So I joined vag classes in middle school and high school, and I built a hay wagon from scratch. I learned how to weld, I learned how to cut wood, I learned how to take care of animals. You Couldn't have done More. I wanted to grow up and become a farmer. That was my career goal. So I kept reaching out to these guys to try to befriend them, and they were not having any of that. And at first they started shunning me and just, you're not one of us.


Move along half city boy. But later on, that turned into bullying and that bullying went from words to small acts of violence kicking and shoving and kind of smacking me around. And they were always in a group, and I'm not a huge guy. And it was one of me against maybe 10 of them, there was not much I could do about it. And it was early eighties. So the anti-bullying programs were not prevalent in schools. Yeah. They weren't in mine. Nobody talked about it yet. You do five years of this. Ugh. Maybe it started the bullying side more like nine 10th grade. It didn't start right when I landed. That was just shunning for a while. Yeah. Yeah. Then it moved to the bullying. I think when they got older. They're bigger teens And they're strongest as fuck because they work on a farm.


Correct. Living on a farm. Most farmers are hunters. So you're hunting, you're dealing with animals and stuff, and you're dealing with a lot of killing and death and a lot of brutality in general with the animals. That is part of at least how it is or how it was child age. And you're exposed to the killing of all kinds of animals. Yeah. And the domination of person over another being. And as a kid, you don't know that that's not a good thing. It's just the way life is. So one night, I'm about 17, so we all have driver's licenses, we all have access to vehicles and we're asleep at night, my parents and my brother and I, and we awake to the sound of a gunshot.


So we jump to the windows, take a look outside to see what's going on. Again, in the country, you could get people actually shooting deer in the middle of the night with a spotlight, which is unfair and illegal most of the time because the deer are like, huh. And there's John frozen. And then it's easy picks. And when I looked out, I saw the pickup truck of one of the guys that had been one of my main tormentors, and it took off and we looked around the house and didn't see any damage and figured, oh, maybe they were just spotlighting, like I said. So we all went back to bed the next day. One of my jobs in the morning was to take care of our animals before I went to school. So go out and feed the cows, the pigs, and feed in water.


Our dog, a beautiful beagle named Paula. She was in her pen with a bullet hole in her head laying in a pool of blood. Oh my God. Wasn't that just, What the Fuck? So cruel and terrible. And it never doesn't get that reaction. Yeah, that's that that you're having. That's horrific, Monica. It is horrific. I can't even imagine doing that. Right. Yeah. Let alone having a reason to wanna do that. Yeah. In this Case, ugh, my folks called this state police, or who patrols these vast farm rural areas in Pennsylvania again, early eighties. And they're like, this is bad. They weren't in any way insensitive to what happened, but they were also Not gonna launch an Investigation.


We're just not gonna do anything. Yeah. We're sorry. If it gets worse, let us know. Oof. But it's an animal. So nothing happened. And my dad, who's this insurance agent, often was selling insurance to farmers. So he wasn't about to jump into the middle of this kids dispute, even though he was not at all happy with what happened to the dog. So nothing happened. We all kind of went back to our regularly scheduled lives. About two weeks later, my folks were out pretty late at night. I was home by myself and I heard a vehicle come to a slow stop in front of our house. We lived on a one lane country road. So you would pick that up right as I was getting up to see what was going on, there was a flash in an explosion.


What? I went to the window and that's that same pickup truck. Oh my God. Roaring out of the smoke and our mailbox mangled and flying into the cornfield situation. So they blew up our mailbox and that was it for me. They had reached critical mass. Yeah. So like I said, we were hunters. I had been shooting guns since I was like eight years old. Had plenty of guns in the house. My dad had a loaded revolver that he kept in a nightstand. I ran through the house, I grabbed it. I jumped in my mother's car and I went out after them. Whoa. As fast as I could. So I'm driving down this one lane, country road hitting enormous speeds, just screaming and shouting at the top.


You're in and great Frontal lobe's offline. It's just all, Its all flight. It's fight. And I'm fighting now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I eventually caught up to them on one of their farms. I kind of cornered them against a barn. They were still in the truck. When I was pulled up with my brights on three or four heads in the back of the pickup truck window. And they start climbing out, squinting through my bright beams, trying to figure out who had just come roaring down their drive. They may or may not have recognized it was my mother's car. I was still in the car. So they get out, they're staring, they're looking, and I'm like, it's go time. So I grabbed the gun and what was clear to me at that moment was that they were confused.


They were unarmed. They couldn't have known I had a gun. So it would've been extremely easy at that point to just settle the score and zero off the balance. So I opened the driver's side door, started to step out, grabbed the gun, and just in that movement, I had just a really quick little insight or flash of inspiration. I don't know where it came from because I really wasn't in a thinking state of mind right there. But I had this clear idea that if I killed them, I'd be killing either all of myself or part of it. And that I would at a minimum never be the same guy.


After these next three seconds that I was before these three seconds, that was just enough of a jarring glimpse into the future that it stopped me dead. And thankfully I pulled my leg back inside the car door. I put the gun back down on the seat, I shut the door and I drove home and I came within like three seconds of committing a mass shooting. Yeah. Ironically or not, it stopped after that. It is maybe ironic, it is mysterious in a little way. I don't have an explanation for it because I never confronted them. I never told them how close I came to taking their lives. Right. Although I've been the person on both sides of that.


And there is some eerie, unexplained cognition that happens sometimes. Sometimes you know the score of things, even though you don't know the score of things sometimes, you know you just got away with something that's quite big. Even though you might not have the tangible proof of that, there's some feeling in you I think that you're like, oh fuck, I just got away with something. I know what you mean. Well, I know that I had your side just gotten away with something very big in my life that would've been transformative in a hyper negative way. Yeah. When you've been fucked with like that one event doesn't erase it, many events don't erase it. This kind of need to make sure you're never taken advantage of again. You're never harmed again.


You make a decision in your life. Not again on my watch. It kind of sets you on a trajectory. Now we're all on this trajectory as your book will point out, but I do think you weirdly found your way to law, which has to be somehow impacted or or driven by your experience getting fucked with for so long. Yeah, the driving away for me, and I don't know what it's like for other people who get to that edge and then go back, but for me, I wasn't turning my back on the concept of revenge seeking. What I think occurred for me is I really wanted to do that. However, I didn't want to pay the price. And so it was this idea of how can I get revenge?


Because now I'm thinking the world is this. Take advantage of people that you can or get taken advantage of. And I didn't wanna be taken advantage of anymore. I just didn't want to either get killed or go to jail or think of myself as a murderer because I'm not a murderer. That's not my identity that I can accept. An element that's left out of your story, which I think is involved in your story, is you need to reclaim your masculinity in some sense. That's a great point. And I'm rarely asked about that. You know, that masculine toxicity of all that we've been discussing right now, when It's robbed of you and then it's robbed of you publicly, it is a very deep wound. It's hard to overcome that. Yeah. And mainly for me at least, was I don't want to have that happen again.


So how can I do that without becoming like a criminal? I was able to put together lawyers are allowed to get revenge. That's what they're paid to do and they're paid a lot for it. And it's this prestigious job that you can get. And since I had to leave being a farmer, 'cause that was the end of my farmer career on that day, I'm like, what am I gonna do with me? Now we know that's revenge, but At the time it would fly under the umbrella of justice. Lawyers get justice, Two sides of the same coin, justice and Revenge. Well it is, but I think you get into it for justice and you come to realize you're in it for revenge potentially. Or maybe you didn't have any highfalutin goals. I don't think I had a highfalutin idea At the time, but I did know instinctively that that is the legal way that you solve problems.


The legal way involves you go to court and you get a judge to say who's right and who's wrong. And then the judge gets to order a sheriff who gets to have a gun to kind of do what's gonna happen. So I turned my back on the farm life and turned full towards academics. And I found out there were a few things I could do well other than feeding cattle. And one was I could write, that was my super talent and I thought lawyers do a lot of writing. Maybe that's something I can do and maybe that's something I'd wanna do because I can protect myself from future harms and push back on or punish those who come at me, the people I love, my clients who wanna pay me.


Some of that is happening in my late teen years. Some of it happened later. Yeah. And there's an evolution, right? So you go to Penn, you first intern at the district attorney's office, you are on the moral right side of things, you know, at least you could buy into that. And then you go and you're clerking for a federal judge. So again, we're on this thing. So when do you enter the civil litigation side and what's that experience like? I do that right out of law school, right? Past clerking I should say. And I get into that for the money. Can We, sorry, give a little like what is civil litigation compared to other? That's a question. Other Kinds a great question. Right? 'cause there are a lot of kinds and a lot of lawyers do a lot of things that have nothing to do with litigation. I wanted to be a litigator. I wanted to be in a court.


There's two ways to get retribution in the legal system. One is through the criminal justice system. If somebody commits a crime and for everything else, that's not a crime. It goes through the civil litigation process. McDonald's gave you too hot of coffee, you burnt your thighs. The largest, most powerful thing in the world a individual American can challenge in this domain. That's its best version. That's Right. But I wasn't a PI attorney, I wasn't a personal injury lawyer, which is the maximal kind of version of civil litigation that looks pretty clearly like retribution, right? It's like you hit me with a car, you were drunk. I'm gonna do everything I can to make you pay. Not only because maybe I've been injured and I need that money to survive, which I get, but also I want you to suffer because I've been suffering.


It's the punitive side of justice seeking. And so it's the two-headed coin justice that we think of, you know, with Martin Luther King and Jesus and the Buddha or Gandhi is the justice of equity and fairness and integrity and those types of concepts, social justice. And then there's justice that we say when we really mean revenge. As in after nine 11, George Bush went on TV and said, we're gonna bring the terrorists to justice. What he meant was we're gonna go and we're gonna kill them and we're gonna get revenge For that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So justice is the polite politically correct word we use, right?


It's a euphemism. And it enables, by having that one word mean two opposites. Yeah. When you tell your band of militants or terrorists to get in these planes and fly them into the world trade towers because we want justice against America. Okay? That's the same thing we did right back. You can get people to do these things and you could get the American public as we did, to go to war in Iraq and Afghanistan and kill hundreds of thousands of people in the process by saying it's justice. And people go, oh, I'm being good. Yeah, I'm a good person. I'm doing justice here. Not only is it gratifying 'cause we're getting the terrorists who wronged us.


Yes. I remember feeling elation in New York City. I'm in a pizza place and all of a sudden I start hearing people cheering outside on the street and then a guy in the pizza place puts his phone down and he goes, they killed Osama. And I remember going fuck, like the elation I felt was so Strong. That's that dopamine high. Yes. That now neuroscience has shown is exactly what you're getting. The whole city was high as a yes. The country was high as a country. Yes. Many areas of the country. Not everyone, some people felt that that was wrong in a lot of ways. But I know what you mean. You are saying by calling it justice, we have a moral high ground to it. It then becomes a good positive thing when you replace it with revenge that does have a negative connotation to it.


And it is the same thing. Justice Blesses terrorism, justice blesses genocide. It blesses war, it blesses torture, it blesses murder and violence of all kinds. If you can put it under that rubric, you've taken away essentially the last wall between you and becoming a murderer. And religions will cast it as justice seeking in order to endorse it and give it their stamp of approval as well. Humanity's been doing this for centuries to our great disaster because it is revenge. It's all it is, and it never stops. The notion of once and for all is one of the great fallacies people buy into.


There's never a once and for all. It doesn't work that way unfortunately. And so we can talk a little bit about how you can stop this. 'cause there are some ways, yeah, powerful ways and they have worked at the ends of all wars actually, is we always think war ends with a military conquest. And that's not really true. Shooting might end with a surrender or some sort of treaty or a complete military victory, but that's not the victory that maintains the peace at any moment after that victory, that victory comes through actual national forgiveness of the two warring parties after the Civil War, the Revolutionary War, world War I, world War ii, all of our wars in America have ended that same way or otherwise we'd be back fighting again and again and again like between one and two.


So your Personal journey as a lawyer, which I guess span about 10 years, is that about right? I'm still a licensed attorney, but my career really took a pivot point after about 20 years of practice, 20 years. And for 20 years I really became as ferocious a lawyer as I was capable of making myself be. And I was getting as much justice in the form of revenge as I say it, as opposed to justice in the form of equity as I could get for myself, for my clients. And that's kind of the job description for a litigator. And I think what's really hard, I have a lot of friends that are lawyers, I kind of grafted on something I watched in a chess documentary onto this, which is there's a long history of these chess masters becoming paranoid.


Their mental health. You know, Bobby Fisher even is living in England as an anti-Semite. A lot of really weird stories in the chess master world. And the reigning theory is they spend so much time in their mind, foreseeing doom. It's all they do for 12 hours a day. And you really form and embolden that neural pathway to the degree that it now infects everything you see in life because that's what you're using. And so a couple of lawyer friends of mine, I've said you spent a lot of your time figuring out how to not get fucked and how on earth do you leave the office and then the brain that does that all day long at a high level. How then when you're at the restaurant and then with your family. And so at least from your book, that did happen to you, right? It kind of bled into everything.


Yeah. I couldn't separate it with my family, my wife, my kids, my in-laws, my neighbors. There really wasn't any part of my life that was untouched. And that's a pretty good description of how I felt, which is you're taking this entire way of being, which is attack or be attacked and strategy and there's an additional piece to it. So there's living in your mind trying to avoid getting fucked. Clearly there's that extra piece of what I would say is feeling victimized either directly as the lawyer or for your client. Anytime I would interview a client or when I was a prosecutor, a victim of a crime, I'm instantaneously right where they are feeling what they had gone through, enraged.


And I just want justice in the form of revenge really badly. And I'm in that sense, a great lawyer. 'cause you want a lawyer to kind of do that. You want Them to be Fully invested, not just the money, but you want them emotionally there. As a lawyer for hire. I'm like a mercenary. Look At the commercials. They're all saying, I will fight for you unanimous. They all have to tell you. And if you're sitting there and you were just in a car accident and you're looking at a string of these commercials, you're gonna want the one with the guy that's just on the edge of crazy. Right. I'll wish I'll do Anything. These people for you. Yeah, It's true. I'll kill their families when we're done. And That's why it really is revenge. You're hiring a soldier or a warrior to go and do this battle for you legally that you really can't do outside of the legal system without going to jail yourself.


In some ways it's an improvement upon Old West Justice, but it's the same thing. It's just we figured out a way to do it a little less. That's right. Lethally. And we have street justice. Every area has their sometimes street justice gunfights and worse. And then we have it in the criminal justice system and we have it in war. So the real truth of that was that I did start to bring that into my own personal life with my family. And that caused a lot of problems, as you can imagine. And I felt a lot of guilt and remorse for it. And I wanted to stop. And I found that I could not get out of it. Turn it off. I loved it actually. Yeah. You know, I was like, I feel bad afterward.


It's the dopamine deficit issue. So in the shame you need it even more. Right? I feel ashamed, I'm sorry I did this, I really should probably stop and I'm really sorry. And then you're starting to be stressed out again. And maybe you have a few cases and you start to see that somebody has just said something that I interpret as offensive or an insult or unfair, bam. I'm right back in it again. And I want that dose of revenge. That is how it felt for me. But I didn't understand at all what was going on because there has been no research into this at all. At that time I was starting to suspect I was an addict. There are no 12 step programs for revenge addicts out there.


Yeah. You hit a low point, I guess 2004 or five ish. Yeah. Right around oh four is when that occurred. I'm just absolutely hating by this point my job. But I'm loving the doses I get in between. So I'm hating my life. It's against a lot of my spiritual values. I'm a Christian. So I had some fundamental thoughts about Jesus' teachings on forgiveness, forgive. And I thought he's gotta be talking about more than just a way to get into heaven. 'cause he doesn't just say forgiven, you go to heaven. He was like, you should forgive 70 times seven. That's a lot of times. Why? What does it mean? And I didn't understand why, but my lifestyle was against that.


It was against what I should be doing with my family in terms of loving and respecting them. So at that point I had hit a level at which I was alone in a spare room one night, contemplating suicide. Had I gone to a doctor, which I should have, I would've probably been diagnosed as being clinically depressed. Yeah. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Michigan. Ding, ding, ding. Oh, I'm such a proud michigander. I love Michigan. The people, the nature in summertime, in Michigan, I'm telling you I would put it up against any place in the world. It's such a beautiful state and it's a great place for everyone, especially kids, to experience all four seasons with beaches, trails and snow. A stones throw away. What you may not know is Michigan is also a great place to work. You can have a quality lifestyle and a rewarding tech career. The fast growing and rapidly evolving. Automotive and clean energy industries offer opportunities for career advancement no matter what your skill level. Plus Michigan offers accessible housing, exciting nightlife, and an inclusive community for all. It's really a one of a kind place. And do not forget the lakes. Lakes, lakes, lakes, lakes, lakes. Live your best nine to five and five to nine. You can in Michigan. Go to the Michigan life.org to learn more.


We are supported by Liquid iv. You know how I feel about hydration, mainly electrolytes. Yeah. It's your religion. And you know what? Tis the season. 'cause summer is upon us. That's right. And you gotta be extra careful about your hydration goals. Yeah. I'm going to Palm Springs this summer. Last time I went, it hit records like 120 degrees. We were busting out the liquid IV and we're gonna do it again. Yeah, you just dump it right in the bottle and you're good to go. Ooh. And they have a new flavor Arctic raspberry, which I'm so excited to try. Look, it's the perfect companion for hot summer days. Liquid IV has sugar-free solutions powered by LIV Hydra Science for Smart Hydration. I love Liquid Ivy. 'cause it's so simple for me to just add it to 16 ounces of water and get the hydration I need Much better than water alone. With an optimized ration of electrolytes, essential vitamins, and clinically tested nutrients, your water will transform from ordinary into extraordinary hydration. And it's always non GMO vegan, gluten-free, dairy-free and soy free. No matter what your summer brings, tear pour, live more. Go to liquid iv.com and get 20% off your first order with code Dax at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with code dax@liquidiv.com.


We are supported by Quince. You know when you look back at photos of yourself in your all black punk stage in high school or wearing head to toe nineties neon. And you wonder, what was I thinking? Sometimes trends just don't stay the test of time. If you want an outfit that you're gonna feel great about both now and later, check out the wardrobe staples from quince. They're classic and elevated, so you're gonna love the way you look now and years from now. And they're made with high quality materials. So they'll hold up for years to come to. I love Quince. I love their cashmere so much. Yeah. If you wanna revamp your wardrobe, which I suggest per season, yeah. Add some pieces in that are fun kind of just for the season. There's some really good summer pieces, some great button downs that you can also wear by the pool. They have European linen beet shorts. You now organic silk polos. Stick to staples that last with elevated essentials from quince. Go to quince.com/dx for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's QUIN ce.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/dax.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, to check your flights on time first before heading to the airport. Like you know to check your presentation is saved first before closing your laptop. That's one mistake I'll never make again. Woo. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You are in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


And you had kind of made a mess of your career as well at that point. Yeah, I had tried to wean myself off of it by going from a big high powered litigation firm to smaller firms to part-time to my own firm. And I was an independent contractor working for other firms when I wanted to. By the way, can I just say, 'cause I'm an addict, so that's like, I'm not gonna drink whiskey, I'm gonna drink red wine. I'm not drinking red wine. I'm drinking beer now. I'm gonna drink on the weekends. You're trying all the many things an addict tries bargaining. Yeah. Other than quitting. Right. And I wanted to quit and I got closer and closer to quitting. I had been a business major in college and I set up a business where we would hire lawyers in India to do legal research for lawyers in America.


They can do it for less 'cause the economic exchange. So I had even tried to get that going, but it kind of flopped and my heart wasn't in it. Not Enough dopamine on that. Not enough Dopamine there. Yeah. And I just kept coming back to the master, coming back to the drug. And so I happened to have a client who was a psychologist, a friend of mine from college actually. And I said, I think I'm freaking addicted to revenge seeking or justice seeking. And he was like, you're not, there's no such thing. I think you're tired. Why don't you take a vacation? And I'm like, you're probably right A vacation. But I said, first of all, tell me how you as a doctor, a psychologist, how do you diagnose somebody with addiction?


And he said, well first of all, there is no diagnosis for addiction. It's a substance use disorder or gambling disorder, things like that. But he said, there's this book called the DSM, the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual and it has 11 criteria and we use that while we're interviewing somebody. And I said, can you send me a copy of this book? And he said, how about go on vacation? And I said, how about send me a copy of the book and I'll think about it. So he did. Which was very nice of him. As soon as it came in the mail, I just opened it up, figured out what page this was on. And there are 11 criteria for substance use disorder. Things like, do you use more of the substance despite the harm it's doing to your life, your social obligations?


Do you wanna try to cut down but find that you can't, you know them. So I just crossed off the word substance and inserted the word justice and I went and counted them up. And there's a scale and three or four is you have a minor substance use disorder and maybe the 5, 6, 7 range is moderate. And then beyond that is severe. I was 7, 8, 9 in there. It goes up to 11. And I went, I have a severe justice addiction. Yeah. 'cause what I think I have, but nobody would believe That. It sounds silly on the surface. Right. But it makes sense, sense. I mean I don't, so because again, I'm an addict and I see addicts everywhere. There's many that have been yet to be studied or labeled.


What Is serious about it? 'cause it does sound a little bit silly to cross those off. 'cause you could insert all kinds of words in there. I like ice cream and just put ice cream in there. But what you wouldn't get with ice cream unless you became obese and got sick from it. Right. Usually you don't have a lot of negative consequences. It's not generally impacting your wife. There's no wreckage. Right. So you probably don't have an addiction because the classic definition of addiction is the inability to resist an impulse despite the negative consequences. That's kind of the crystalline definition of addiction. I remember people being outraged when Tiger Woods claimed he had a sexual addiction. And so many people were like, eh, everyone likes sex. I'm like, lemme tell you the difference.


If it's ruining your life and you're trying your hardest to not do it and you continue to do it compulsively and you absolutely cannot stop. That's addiction. I don't care what the thing is. That's right. He ruined his fucking life. And he did. He Had a ton of negative consequences and he Wants to stop, you know? And he went to a treatment center. I know you think this is like a media curating or something, but that's not, It's not, you know, addiction scientists, that's how they define it. They're broader than just the DSM, which is narrowly tailored to substance and gambling. And that's about it right now. Right. With the possibility of things like gaming and food and shopping a little bit. But none of them have been honored with the true labor. Yeah. Insurance Might not Cover it. Right, exactly. Right. Basically. So you go on this self-motivated path to start really studying this and how do you submerse yourself in it?


What do you start reading? Do you take classes? How do you become a buff on this? At first I wrote a book called Suing for Peace, and I took a spiritual approach. My thought was, and a lot of people with addiction, they kind of turned to spirituality, maybe first going, I need a higher power here to help me because whatever powers I have are insufficient. So I studied the world's justice teachings on forgiveness and revenge seeking or justice and forgiveness. And I found by going through that, that anything you wanna do is okay, basically. And it's scary. But in almost all of the religions, except perhaps Taoism and Buddhism, there are teachings that support overtly, an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.


Revenge seeking. We know that. And there are forgiveness teachings. So in the mosaic religions or the Aber Abrahamic religions of Christianity, Judaism and Islam, all three have both teachings simultaneously at the same time. But Christianity and Judaism are split. And you have Jesus saying, no, don't seek revenge. Turn the other cheek. The answer was no. Really great answer. But it was an addiction. And I came up with a method of trying to help myself because there was no help to be found. It's called the non justice system, which I've ended up studying as a researcher at Yale. But the way that it works is there's something archetypal about the trial process.


That's how humanity continues to gravitate in almost all societies. If somebody violates a social norm or harms somebody, there's usually a tribunal, there's usually a judge of some sort. There's usually an opportunity to present your case and defend yourself. There is a judgment and then it may be followed by some form of punishment. So that process that's hardwired it seems. Yeah. That Architecture, It's just there. And it turns out it really is there to the point that we all have a courtroom of the mind inside ourselves. Everyone will relate to this part. Yeah, yeah. Right. We are putting people on trial every day of our lives. Sometimes hour by hour.


The people who wrong us, insult us, feelings insensitive to us, ignore us, betray us, and worse cut us off the road rages all the insensitivities and slights of the world. We're putting those people on trial. We're deciding whether they're guilty or not. We're playing all the roles in this trial. Yeah, okay. Because we're doing it inside our minds and we get very good at it. We do it at light speed almost. Right? Yeah. We can do it very fast. And then we decide if we are found the person guilty and we need to hand down a sentence and we may hand down a sentence which could include you ought to die. Sigmund Freud said that in his opinion, humans are literally doing away with other people daily and hourly, all during their lives, in their subconscious.


The question becomes, do you leave that sentence in your mind or do you carry it out in real life? And when you decide to carry it out, that is revenge seeking. The thing I always share about on here, a lot of people seem to relate to it, is I will catch myself stuck in a rumination or I am making my case. Right. 'cause I'm gonna have this theoretical argument, it's impending and I make my case and I've got like 17 exhibits. And by the time I get to the last exhibit, I go, I gotta remember not to forget. And then I go through all fucking 17 again and I just over and over remind myself of all my points in my trial I'm gonna have. And either I don't ever have the trial we have, the trial doesn't go anything like I have prepared or rehearsed.


It's not productive in any sense. 'cause they never had a shot. I already had this. And to catch yourself on that loop of just remembering your evidence in your case is suffering to such a degree. Well it becomes about not solving the problem, but just getting your information out. Justice trauma therapists like bezel, VanDerKolk have said the psychological harm that people feel after trauma of any kind, psychological or physical. The reason that psychological harm won't go away for most people is because people who are victimized have a powerful need to be heard. They have a powerful need to be validated. They were injured, they need somebody to say and hear them and they need to hold the person who wrong them accountable.


Right? Yeah. So that rumination just goes on and on for everyone all the time that you've described Dax. And we need to have ways of shutting that down. And there haven't been actually, other than alcohol or substances to just quiet the mind from this constant rumination. And that's part of what I tried to create was what if I could repurpose the trial system inside our minds so that you actually put on trial the person who roamed you, you play all the roles, including the defendant in a structured way. So with a little script. And at the end we are not just left with the punishments.


'cause you get to sentence them, you get to imagine punishing them. And I could do this with either of you. Yeah. Let's go through our actual examples. So If you have a solid grievance, Let's say I'm late, that's easy. So I'm late. Monica's on time. Okay. So that's not a big grievance, but it could piss you off Or her, I'm late. I'm willing to be the villain in this. You're Always the perpetrator. Yeah. Okay. Let's say, yeah, he's late eight days in a row. But does this bother you? I don't love it. You don't love it? Do we have anything better, more egregious than that? This Used to be a big From anywhere in your life that you're comfortable with sharing. What's a current grievance? I have one. Okay. So my apartment building currently is so disgusting.


This is so annoying. Not think of mine as turned on, I'm not running any water, anything. But randomly they'll be like, so be water. Weird stuff coming up out of the tub into my tub. Also, it happened in the laundry room and it flooded the laundry room. It's been an ongoing thing and I've had to say it over and over again. This is unacceptable. This needs to stop now. Fix it. They keep sending in a plumber, the plumber's like it's not clogged. I'm like, I know clearly that's not what's going on here. What are we gonna do? So that's my grievance. Okay. They're not fixing this situation at all. Right. Let's just do it. I'm Gonna add they're placating you. That's a trigger for me To keep it shortish.


We'll say that. You've just begun testifying as the victim. So imagine now that you're in a courtroom, you could close your eyes for a second and just sort of picture the judge's bench and the lawyer's tables and the jury box and maybe the defendant is the landlord and they, they're over at their table and you're over in your table and there's a judge up there and you're now on the witness stand and you're testifying to what they've done to you and what's happened to you. And this could be something really significant. So I've done this with people with serious sexual violence, murder, people whose family members have been killed. So it can be as big or as small as your life, but let's just stick with your, so you testify that that has happened and tell us how that has made you feel Totally disrespected.


I pay money to live here and I feel that this is the basic level of care and hygiene that should be handled by the landlord quickly. So it's very annoying. Yeah. Alright, so let's stop with the victim testimony for a minute. And let's switch. So now you're gonna play the role of the landlord. So the landlord was over at that table and now the landlord's walking up to the stand and sitting down. You're sitting and watching. That's you as the victim, but now you are the landlord. Okay. So it's actually you in the witness stand. So you've gotta switch that role. Okay. And now your lawyer, very well paid good lawyer Jimmy Kimmel Jr.


And his name's right. Jimmy Kimmel Jr. Thanks for that advertising. And he's gonna ask you, so what's your side of the story? Monica has complained about some water leaking into her building. She showed me pictures. It looks bad. I've sent the plumber in multiple times. The plumber doesn't know what's wrong. He's snaked the drain and it's still happening. She's still complaining about it. But there's not much more I can do. You would probably add that you're looking over like 18 units. There's one of you, you don't have access to everyone else's. The plumber thinks maybe if he chased down this problem and all these other people's units, I can't get them to agree to let the plumber in 'cause they don't have an issue.


There might be a lot, she might feel like, you know, I'm doing really everything one person can do with these 18 units. And I keep saying the plumber and I'm as frustrated with the plumber as Monica is. And she somehow was holding me responsible as if I'm putting the subs in her tub. I don't have anything to do with it. We're on the same team here. Right. So now Monica, in your own role, you've just sat and listened to the defendant testify both versions. How did it make you feel to hear the defendant's story? What was that like for you? I understand that there's a lot on her plate. She's just a person. She's not, you know, a machine. She can't just make sure something gets done because I want it done fast.


And unfortunately I do think it is her job to make sure that the building is run up to code. So though I have compassion for her, I would still like the thing to be done properly. So how do you find as the jury, is the landlord guilty or innocent? I think she's guilty. I do think that objectively That's fair. You're the jury and you get to say what You want. You don't have to apologize to Me. Well, I feel bad for her, which is why I think I can really do this objectively to some extent. I don't think she's a bad person. So What should your sentence be since you found the landlord guilty, you're gonna have to hand down a sentence that's that's the problem.


And in the non justice system, which is what this is called, or the miracle court. 'cause there's a free audio driven app where it takes you through all the steps. Okay. More methodically than I'm doing right now. But in that you do need to have a sentence. This part's hard. I definitely don't want her to get fired. So I'm not sentencing her with that. Can I suggest a sentence that I bet you would love? Sure. She has to have the same foam coming out of her tub and her laundry room. Whoa. Because now she'll be heavily incentivized to deal with the core problem Unless foam doesn't bother her. Well, we'll find out. That's funny. That doesn't even cross my mind. Interesting. That's a very reciprocal type of view.


And research shows that males are much more caught up in that. Oh. Than women who their empathy centers are more readily available. Males. It goes quiet when somebody does something wrong. Males just go towards Yeah. Revenge seeking. That's Interesting. Reciproc Eye. Correct. So I have to deal with this and you should have to deal with it too. Oh my. My hunch is once you have to deal with it, you'll be motivated to fix it. I don't have that and I wouldn't wanna sentence her with that. Oh, okay. I think Don't want her to have the phone say, Oh well, Which is basically what you've already done. Yeah. Which is is actually something that does happen from time to time in these trials. As in some people will stop right after the defendant has testified.


They'll get some new insight by adopting the other view that was completely unexpected of them. And it'll be shocking to the person. They may find that they themselves were at fault or that they understand at a very deep level why and they might have done the same thing in the same circumstances. Sure. It is A workaround to force you out of attribution error because no one's gonna get on the stand and go, I did it 'cause I'm a piece of shit. I did it 'cause I'm a selfish monster. You have enough integrity even in your own court trial to know that no one would do that. So in the absence of that, you really have to fill in what they could possibly have been motivated by or what their explanation is. It'll kind of inoculate you from attribution error. Right. What we find from the research is it will also reactivate if it wasn't your empathy, it's a different part of your brain that was silent, like I was saying for males in particular.


So it reactivates that and you gain some new insight, but not for everyone. And most of the trials go the whole way to the end. Yeah. But some people will stop at the defendant's testimony or where you're at. It's sort of almost like it wants to be stopped because you don't have a punishment. Exactly. But you did wanna be heard. I did. And you've got to be heard and you're holding them to account. Yeah. In the sense that they had to come and be put on trial. Right. And I guess the sentence part is interesting because even though I still at the end, I'm like, yes, I think she is guilty of negligence as a landlord, but when it comes to sentencing, do I think that's worth a sentence? It makes you start doing that.


Like is that really worth a punishment? No. And in your case, because the case wasn't a super serious case. Well, right. I mean part of it's driven by the type of case that you just did. If this was a romantic betrayal, like I'm gonna be doing this next week on Dr. Phil with somebody who's lived through a romantic betrayal and there won't be Yeah. An easy go through that, that's gonna be a seriously difficult thing because the pain of that betrayal. So we can talk a little bit about what's happening inside our brains In the 20 years that you've been studying it, we've made a lot of progress in this realm and other people have gotten interested in it in the way you were. And we also have had technological breakthroughs where we can now do F MRIs and we can watch people's brains while they are engaged in revenge fantasy when they're engaged in this.


And then we see undeniably this is the exact same pattern we see in addiction. And please explain that reward system and how that's hijacking your brain. Yeah. So what neuroscientists have found is that your brain on revenge looks like your brain on drugs. It is almost indistinguishable. This is like an amazingly big breakthrough that really hasn't been recognized at all by society. And the reason is, is because what follows from that is we now understand the biological cause of violence. It's revenge addiction. And we can also begin to imagine, because we know how to treat addiction and prevent it, a cure for violence, which has not existed until now.


So the way it works is this grievances, this is the scary part. It can just be an imagined grievance, a real or imagined sense of victimization, injustice, shame, humiliation, betrayal, insult, disrespect. They all activate the pain network inside your brain, which is the anterior insula. So that's well established. Your brain hates pain. It wants the pain to stop. It wants to go back to homeostasis. It wants balance. And to do that, humans have evolved. So that revenge seeking, punishing the person who wrongs you or their proxy. So you don't even have to get at the actual person who did the insult or the betrayal. You can pick somebody else if it would be too dangerous, for instance, for you to go after the real person interest.


Right? I need Paula. Yes, the dog. And so what happens is the grievance and the activation of the pain network activates the reward and pleasure circuitry of addiction. Those are the two areas called the nucleus that comes in the dorsal St Stratum. Those activate for alcohol, those activate for narcotics, those activate for gambling, they also activate for sex. So pleasure on its own is pleasure. It becomes an addiction when the gratification of it comes with negative consequences. Think about revenge for a second. All of the other addictions you are generally ingesting or engaging in a behavior yourself with a small additional group of victims around you, primarily family who may be depend on you or you're in a relationship with somebody with revenge.


The only way you can gratify it is to harm somebody with addiction. You might put a needle in your own arm and inject something with revenge seeking. You have to put a bullet in somebody else to get that same high, which is terrifying. But it's been that way for out recorded human history. We just haven't had the tools and the technology to see that. That's what is driving these crazy things like mass shootings or insurrections or wars or all these things that are all revenge driven cravings. When you go through those two parts, the last part of your brain that is critical is the prefrontal cortex, which is the control center.


That's to give you self-control and your executive function And modeling the future, predicting how you'll feel after this. Correct. That area of the brain, just like it does in other addictions with revenge, it goes silent. And when it does, you're on a farm and you're picking up a gun and you're gonna shoot. And then through the grace of God, somehow it reactivated for me at the last second. I wanna put an extra fine point on this. The area of your brain driving that in that moment actually cannot model the future. That area of your brain is only now a preform cortex is in charge of the future and modeling. So it literally can't consider the consequences. Oh, you mean the reward circuitry? It is all about gratification.


Yeah. Now the amygdala, all these areas, they are incapable of jumping ahead. They just want pleasure at this second now. And that's the mandate. And it has no capability to resist that. That other part of your brain needs to be functional. So if that's not available at that moment when you're craving making yourself feel better, so we seek revenge to make ourselves feel better. It feels pleasurable. It gives us a hit of dopamine. And that takes away some of the pain of that betrayal or that insult or the drain. Backing up for the 15th time in your apartment. It does All the kind way to say it is like to exit discomfort. Yeah. You're very uncomfortable. Uncomfortable. And your brain wants you to not be uncomfortable Or worse. You know, my dog was killed. There's a lot of discomfort in that.


Yes. Or somebody just invaded your country And the brain does its fastest most creative thinking in that moment. It'll figure out the thing that can alleviate your suffering, which Is go get revenge. That is evolved. It's believed from as early as the ice age when humans started to live in societies and needed to be able to stop people from stealing my wife or meat that I just killed two days ago. Or how to cause people to comply with social norms of the group. So punishments that are adaptive, teaching a child, you know, if you eat too much ice cream, you're going to get sick and it's bad for you. And then you punish them and say, well you're gonna have to stop watching television for an hour.


That's retaliatory, right? Yeah. It isn't to gratify the parent, it's to teach. The evolutionary psychologists have pinned it as early as the ice age. But in the fossil record, the first believed to be active interpersonal violence that's been discovered so far. Like two holes in the skull, you know, of a fossilized skull goes back 430,000 years right now. No way to tell what was going on then, of course. But if that's true, and it wasn't active interpersonal violence, and if it's true, and I believe it is, and there's a lot of evidence for it in a lot of places, that almost every form of violence at the root is the result of revenge seeking. That is the motive after every mass shooting.


And they go, what was the motive? I always just instantly go revenge. All you're really looking for is what was the grievance that started the revenge process? That's what people are looking for. Yeah. You Do a great job in the book to point out the number of sociopaths and psychopaths that might be pursuing violence for pleasure is so infant, very small, small decimal that that's not what we're discussing here. And when you look at history, you're not looking at psychopaths that have caused the mass. You're looking at normal people who are Events looking normal. People who one day, like I would consider myself a nons psychopath normal person. Yes. And on one day after years of bullying and the killing of the dog and the blowing up the mailbox was willing to pick up a gun that's happening all the time.


Murder, suicides, normal people walking down the street, and all of a sudden enough things happen in the right sequence that this can occur. Yeah. Yeah. And nations 'cause it's at the national level and it's at every communal level. Let's talk about Olga. That's a fun, fun in quotes. Interesting is a better word. You have a lot of interesting cases throughout history that you look at. One of them is Olga. What I would say is fascinating. We don't think of women as mass murderers. Stereotypically, It's true. This woman of Olga Hepner in the 1970s in Czechoslovakia, we know this after the fact, but she had been bullied. She was bisexual. That was very frowned upon in that area At the time. And as a young adult, she decided one day after a lot of what she felt was abuse to rent a truck and go out, find a crowd of people in Prague, get the truck up to like 40 miles an hour and drive right through them.


And she did. She killed eight senior citizens. Most of them were older. Oh God. Wiped them out. Injured 12, another 13 or 12. Oh god. Something like that. But before she did it, she wrote a letter that she sent to two Prague newspapers explaining what she was about to do. The Manifesto element Of this. Yes. Like a manifesto. Yeah. But she was very careful about explaining her thought process in a really important courtroom of the mind sort of way. Like we were just doing with you, Monica. And she decided that she was a victim. She put the people on trial and she decided that they deserve the death penalty. That was her penalty. And she decided to carry it out in real Life.


And she has this very powerful sentence, which is that society can punish the individual, but the individual can punish society. And We can see there the example of proxy. Right? So she was most aggrieved by her own parents. Some of her friends in school, her Father was abusing her, Allegedly father was abusive. Some of her friends were abusive, none of them were victims of this. Right? She ended up killing people, cheat from all accounts, had no connection with, hadn't harmed her. But as far as she was concerned, she was getting revenge on society writ large by doing this. And they were therefore her proxies. Oof. She stops the truck, she's arrested, she confesses to everything she says she's preplanned it.


And she's very most concerned that people don't think she's crazy. She insists that she's guilty. She insists you knew exactly what she was doing. It's important for her and the public to understand that she did it because she was retaliating for the mistreatment Wow. That she had gone through. She gets to court, she has a lawyer. The lawyer tells her, do not testify that way. Right? She ignores the lawyers instructions and testifies that way and goes on to say, I understand justice is an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth, and I think you should execute me. Wants to be hung. Right. She's examined by a group of psychiatrists and psychologists because this obviously looks like the work of a mad woman. And they all find that she's completely of sound mind.


And the court is therefore more than happy to give her her wish and grant her that. And so sentence her to execution By hanging, she becomes the last woman executed in communist Czechoslovakia. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all in one website platform designed to help you stand out and succeed online. Whether you're just starting out or scaling your business, Squarespace gives you everything you need to claim your domain, showcase your offerings with a professional website, grow your brand, and get paid all in one place. Squarespace has been along for the ride with us, as we've you know, first just had a website, then started selling merch. And it's grown with us and has helped us scale. If you're a fellow creator, Squarespace makes it easy to monetize your content easily sell access to online courses, blogs, videos and memberships. Start with a fully customizable website and earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. Simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. This is why we love Squarespace. Setting up that kind of tech sounds hard, but they take all the guesswork out of it. You can get your site up and running quicker than you would've thought possible. Head to squarespace.com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, use offer code Dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's squarespace.com and promo code Dax to get started today.


We are supported by better help. You know, there's still a bit of surrounding stigma for men's health. I think it, I think so too. Can still be challenging for men to admit they're struggling and seek help. I have a friend who just started Therapy, a male friend and he loves it so much and, but yes, I think it's taken a little extra long because you're right, there is a stigma, but there really shouldn't be. Yeah. Men today face immense pressure to perform, to provide, keep it all together. So it's no wonder that 6 million men in the US suffer from depression every year and it's often undiagnosed. If you're a man and you're feeling the weight of the world, talk to someone, a friend, a loved one, a therapist. I'm a man I've benefited greatly from therapy. And Better Help is a great option if you're looking to start therapy. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise, talk it out with Better Help Arm cherries get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash dax. That's better help HE lp.com/dax.


We are supported by ShipStation. We love to talk about tech and AI advancements on the show. And if you're still operating your shipping and fulfillment processes with last year's technology, have we got an ad for you? It's ShipStation Baby. Lead your business into the future with smart features and automations that boost efficiency and save you time seamlessly. Automate repetitive tasks so you can work smarter, not harder, and you can seamlessly integrate with services and selling channels you already use and manage orders on one easy dashboard. We just shipped all of our last round of merch with ShipStation and it made Carly's life a breeze. Over 130,000 companies have grown their e-commerce business with ShipStation and 98% of companies that stick with ShipStation for a year become customers for life. Calling the chaos of order fulfillment with the shipping software that delivers. Switch to ShipStation today. Go to shipstation.com and use Code Dax to sign up for your free trial. That's shipstation.com code Dax.


So when people are, I don't know if we're equipped to even talk about this, but murder suicide stuff a lot with these mass shootings, they killed themselves. Do we think that's meant to happen? Or do you think after they shoot everyone, the prefrontal cortex comes online and they're like, oh no, and then they kill themselves? Or do we think it is part of this whole like, I am seeking revenge, but I know part of that means that I should die too? Do we know any of this? These murder suicides are often without manifesto. Not a ton of pre-planning. So we don't know, I think for sure, but one thing we do know is that you can want revenge against yourself for wrongs.


That you believe that you committed self disappointment. I think People that are already self hating are prone to feel hated by others. It confirms the narrative overall. So it's like everyone is victimizing themselves, you know? Yeah. So Their true motive for the last act, you're asking why did that person, after it's usually a male gunning down his whole family, kill himself. You know, it could also be the fear of being incarcerated for life or executed or Even facing the shame. What is hyper clear is that all those murder suicides are revenge driven. The male spouse usually believes that he is a victim of all kinds of injustices in his life, from his wife, from his kids.


And he's going to destroy them all to balance the deal. He's gonna teach them, they should have taken him seriously and treated him better. That's Exactly right. Let's touch base on a few of the deadliest revenge addicts from history. Yeah. Well, Hitler, Stalin and Mao are the biggest ones. 40 million for Hitler, 40 million for Mao, and like 20 million for Stalin. I go through in the book, I spend a whole chapter on all three of them going back into history. And there's enough record now and enough scholarship from historians to put together that all three of them were truly revenge addicts. And from a young age, Stalin, for instance, way before he's, anybody is asked one night over drinks vodkas, I guess while in exile in Siberia, what's the most pleasurable experience you can have in your life?


And his answer is, my most pleasurable experience is identify a target, slake, an implacable vengeance, and then go to sleep. Nothing is more joyful in the world for me than that. Whoa. Or more pleasurable. Oh god. It's incredible. And really you can see then once he does get power, him carrying that out. And Stalin had, by the way, he had been victimized as a kid. He had been abused over and over and over again. He was raised in a highly violent town to fleece in Georgia where blood feuds were part of the culture. And so there's this long history of revenge seeking both. He is victim, he has perpetrator. And he then just goes on this revenge binger for 40 years and ends up killing 20 million people in the process and incorporating other people to do it.


Hitler was the same way. We don't have a lot of his true childhood stuff. His histories kind of starts as a young adult. He wanted to be an artist, was rejected, rejected Austria when that happened to him or Vienna. And then when he got into World War, I became a soldier and loved the idea of fighting and killing other people. And when he started to believe that Germany was betrayed by its own people at the end of World War I, and that's the only reason Germany had to surrender and have the armistice, he went on a complete tear of educating the Germans that they had been betrayed and convincing them that the only and correct response would be to destroy all the people inside of Germany who did that.


And then all of the countries around them who allowed it to happen. And we must add Putin because it's the exact same fucking story. This guy's dedicated his life to the KGB. He's in East Berlin. He does not believe that the Soviet Union needed to tumble. And we are watching him currently try to exact revenge and reassemble the USSR. It's the same Hitler story. It Just repeats throughout humanity. Mao, we have lots of early data from him. He was also abused as a child, raised in rough circumstances, saw a lot of violence. But what happened for him, that's kind of the most chilling. 'cause he swerved back and forth from feeling very gratified by his revengeful acts.


40 million people killed, but also bad about it later. So he was really right on the middle and wanted to reform himself but couldn't get it done. But his main experience was convincing the peasants of China to engage in struggle sessions. You've probably heard of those where they would put on trial, the landlords and other, Monica, you're very clear. I hadn't thought about that until just now. Maybe I shouldn't bring this up. We want to keep you peaceful Landowners, the landlords, Landowners and other people had abused the peasants and convinced those peasants to dwell on those grievances for months on end. And then eventually have these great struggle sessions and pageants where they captured all the landowners, marched them through the streets, beat them, killed them on moss.


And mal was one of the original envisions of this. The best way to manage and govern people is to cause them to essentially rat themselves out. That's the idea, is to constantly stir grievances up, stir these revenge desires, and then give them a way to gratify those revenge desires And incentivize people to tell on each other and throw other people under the bus so they themselves don't end up under the bus. That was very Powerful and that was, and that happened in China. It happened in the Soviet Union, but even more so in China. But that's our human history because it's our victimization. Research is very clear. Bully victims are at the greatest risk of becoming bullies themselves. Yeah.


And I used myself in that category, you know, as a bully victim. I didn't know this was happening At the time, but to become a legal bully, which is what I was doing for 20 years, we should talk about the final best. 'cause we didn't get to it with you. What do you do when you have revenge cravings? There's two things. One is we could use an addiction approach. Things like cognitive behavioral therapy and motivational interviewing or anti craving drugs, potentially like GLP one's at some point These fucking, Which is really exciting that that could potentially happen. So crazy if that can reduce other cravings, which they think it can for drugs as well as food. It hasn't been studied for revenge craving, but it probably can't. Seems to be working on a lot of addictions.


Yeah, it's working on a lot of stuff. So that's really interesting. So we do have that and we can activate now the public health community therapists, psychologists, psychiatrists, and peer support, like 12 step programs for revenge addicts. I mean, we need that. We've seen like anger management programs that are semi overlapping with this. Right. Without a lot of adjustment. Move into an addiction framework. The danger I think of anger management is it's sort of targets. Oh, it's just an anger that you manage. And we can just do that. You can be angry, but it's kind of like what we know about drugs and alcohol. Even a small amount is too much. It's too many, too a million's, not enough. Well, That's the way for revenge addicts as well. Once you start, you're gonna go on a revenge binge juror and you're gonna hurt yourself and a lot of other people in the process because It doesn't feel good.


Unfortunately, we're also burdened with this conscience. And then that just skyrockets you right back into the cycle again. That Is correct. But there's something more powerful than all of these things. Just as the neuroscience was explaining why we have revenge cravings and that they can become addictive. And now we know that a different group of researchers were looking into what happens inside your brain when you forgive somebody. Yes. And this is amazingly powerful stuff. So it turns out that forgiving benefits the victim, not the perpetrator. The give and forgiving is not a gift to the person who wronged you. It is a gift to you. And that's critical to remember neurologically.


We now know what happens. So that pain network that I was telling you about of a grievance, the anterior insula, when you just imagine forgiving and if you had had a more serious grievance where I'm like, okay, let's move into this last step. The fifth step of the non justice system is to imagine what it might feel like. You don't have to forgive, but just imagine it for a second. Just imagine forgiving now your landlord. Just close your eyes and just think about that for a second. What happens when you do that is that it shuts down the pain network, which is amazing. Instead of covering it up with dopamine, it shuts it down on top of it. It shuts down the revenge craving, reward, circuitry of addiction. So now you're no longer being burdened by this constant rumination that Dax had described.


Right. And then the last thing it does is it reactivates the prefrontal cortex, the decision making in self-control circuitry. So forgiveness is kind of a human superpower or a miracle drug. We just didn't know it existed. Yeah. The forgiveness part is really great. And I'm just gonna add a woo we spiritual aspect to it, which is in the process of forgiving people, you will find that you are more open to forgiving yourself. And it's a practice, it's a muscle. And what we really suffer most from is not the grievances we have towards others, but it's our own disappointment in our self and our own self-judgment. And so I think the more you forgive people, the more you're able to forgive yourself.


Which ends quite a bit of suffering as well. I couldn't agree more. And self revenge is very prevalent and common self-forgiveness needs to be more common as an anecdote. And you would get that same experience. Yeah. Which is shutting down the pain. Yeah. Shutting down the desire to harm yourself. I don't necessarily physically, but just constantly beating yourself up for who you are and what you've done. Yeah. And then this better decision making clarity comes along. Yeah. And there is a spiritual component if you want it to be, but I think one of the troubles of forgiveness in American society, in addition to the masculine feeling that, oh, if I forgive then I'm weak. I've been emasculated. 'cause I'm not hurting the person who hurt me.


And it's not true. You're being intelligent is what you're being. But by anchoring it in the spiritual realm as well, it kind of de powers what is really available to all of us for free. You don't need a doctor, you don't need a prescription. You can heal yourself with this power of forgiveness that you don't have to have a belief in God or anything for. It exists empirically and biochemically, and we can observe it. You don't need a spiritual being in the mix. And you can forgive a million times and not harm yourself. So you can take the drug of forgiveness is often as you want. Matter of fact, it's highly preferred, and you mentioned this, it's a practice. So practicing forgiveness is about giving yourself this kind of dose whenever the grievance reemerges in your memory.


And it will, like if the foam keeps coming up, you're gonna have an opportunity every day to go, I could forgive this, or I can just go into a complete rant and down spiral. Yeah. I could damage myself. Who Will suffer from that rant down spiral. It would be Monica. The landlord's not the plumber. Right? Correct. Not the foam. Yeah. I think it's worthwhile to acknowledge America's revenge culture. We're kind of unique in our rate of incarceration. We're kind of unique in our sentencing. We have very punitive politics as a country or a revenge addict. Yeah. I think America's a revenge addicted nation. I think these things happen in cycles throughout history for all countries and all humans. Some days we're just on a revenge rage.


Yeah. Other days we couldn't be more peaceful and lovable to be around. America is now feeling like it's getting towards maximal revenge seeking. We voted for a revenge seeking government. And at other times in the course of American history, we voted for more of a forgiving or a peace seeking government. If you wanted to make America truly great again, you would make America forgiving by necessity. Because the great powers and great peoples have always been forgiving. We have an Incredible relationship with Japan and Germany. We have benefited greatly from our forgiveness. Thank God those places have been willing to forgive us. Right. As Well. But I was gonna say, and them us. So how did we end World War ii?


That was different from one, when we ended one, we punished the shit out of Germany and Hitler rose. Yeah, yeah. In retaliation and said, I will get retaliation against all of you bastards for doing this. At the end of World War ii, Roosevelt and Stalin agreed to do it again and to punish Germany severely at the end of World War ii. But then Roosevelt died and Truman was elected president when that happened. Truman then visited Germany right after the shooting stopped. And he came back and he said, we're not going to repeat the mistakes that we'd made at the end of World War I. We're not gonna do it again. So we're not going to go for severe reparations against Germany.


We went beyond that to not only not punishing Germany, but flooding Germany with money in the Marshall Project and helping them rebuild. And that has net the world, 70 plus years of peace with a true adversary That's called forgiveness. Yes. And we just don't want to acknowledge the truth of that. But that's what happened. The only other thing that has killed as many people, other than natural causes of revenge seeking, would probably be like the bubonic plague that rage for about 2000 years plus and only ended, it's hard to imagine this, but in the 1950s. That is crazy. It's really weird. And it only got stopped because a couple of scientists in Hong Kong, when there was an outbreak there made the discovery that it was an unseen bacterium that was causing the deaths and not what everybody thought for 2000 years, which is, it's God's judgment, it's evil witches.


Right. Jews, everything. I mean, they just blamed it on every crazy, the usual suspect. Outrageous. So they found out it was an invisible creature, a bacterium. That's what's killing 200 plus million people. In my sense, this notion of revenge addiction is that moment in human history for violence. We've now discovered that it's an invisible addiction inside your own head to revenge seeking, triggered by a grievance. That's the cause of human violence. We can do something about that now that we actually know, which is what happened with the plague. It may take another 50 or a hundred years, but I'm hoping that with this information out there, we actually will start to prevent and treat violence instead of just punishing it.


Which is just creating more, creating more, more violence. Right. Yeah. And breaking people out of the apathy of, well, this is planet earth. Yeah. It's just The way it is. It's hard to overcome that. It's, I'm guilty of that. I'm like, yeah, it's a gnarly fucking world, guys. Gnarly shit happens and it's gonna, We're up against it really bad. We really need to do this soon. Yeah. Because of social networking platforms, they're infecting and addicting millions of people at once with the same grievance. Because you just press a button and you type in your grievance and now a million other people have your grievance. Now all those million people are all craving revenge for the same thing at the same time. And we're not prepared as humans for what that means. And we're starting to see what that means.


Yeah. When I read that chapter, I was thinking you could have easily titled it, social media is the crack house for an addict. It's immediate. It's right there. And you have to leave. The only way to stop, No system has been invented until now that both allows the grievance to be communicated and gives you an instantaneous opportunity to seek revenge by firing back the retaliatory tweet. I mean, that is cracked all the way. Ugh. Ugh. Yeah. You can chart the addictive nature of drugs by how quickly they act. A meth snorter has a certain rate of recovery. A meth smoker has a much lower rate, and then a meth shooter is almost not gonna recover. 'cause the instantaneous nature of it.


And that's all those platforms are. Yeah. If you're using them way people use 'em in wonderful ways. Well, this has been incredible. I really am. Yeah. Wow. Delighted. You're shining a light on this. Yeah. It's, and it is bizarrely hopeful that we would have a, yeah. An explanation for the mass violence we've lived with forever. Oh my God. If GLP ones can fix this, oh my God. I don't know that they can, I don't wanna say this. I know we Are, we're not saying that They've done so many miraculous things that We're coming. The future's coming fast. So we don't know. Yeah. It's so true. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Dr. James Kimmel, this has been a delight. Thanks so much for coming. Thanks for having me. I super appreciate it. What a great conversation. We hope you enjoyed this episode.


Unfortunately, they made some mistakes. I'm so excited. What? Because my four 50 fours is the perfect, perfect vehicle. Okay. It's the best build I have. Of all the cars I've built, What is it people, My pickup truck, my black pickup truck. Okay. 1994. 54 Ss with an LT four motor. Okay. Out of a Corvette and an HV transmission. Huge tires and back wheel wood brakes. It's perfect. The stereo sucks. So I finally stepped up and now I'm having a suite system put in the truck and I can't wait to go cruising now. And I'm gonna, I'm gonna bump the base.


You're gonna blast it. I'm gonna bump the base specifically. Wow. If you hear base bumping outside your apartment, Be like, who the fuck? That's a car. No, this is your framing. Ooh. That's nostalgic. It's booty bumping time. And then I encourage you to, in your apartment to start booty bumping. When's the last time you did booty Bump? I'm a long time. It's been a minute since I've booty bumped. But 15 Years, 20 years. No, no, no. Probably Cali's wedding was the last time. And You specifically did booty Bumping? Yeah, we did because it's like my college friends back together. We were really, we were showing up her LA friends.


Ah, yeah. And it was cool shaming them. We were shaming them. We are on the ass on the ground dropping it. We were dropping it like it's hot. Oh wow. People were throwing up and rallying. Oh, we were people Throwing dollar bills at you? No. Okay. That would've been how you know, you really, That's when you're an adult. You know, like it's, that's degrading. Okay. So it's not been terribly long. It's been too long. Okay. It's very culty of you. What you just did, where it's like, no, that bad reaction you had that that's, that's gonna hurt you. Like let's reframe and make it a positive thing. Yeah. Even though what you're doing it Is a positive Thing.


Nope. Even though what you're doing is loud. Oh, and loud is just negative. Even if it's your, you hear your favorite song that's negative. Yeah. If I, if I'm not choosing to put myself in a situation to have loud sound, I don't want It. Okay. Now I'm gonna come at you accusatory in response. Let's hear it. I think, 'cause you're wearing your Mr. T gold chain, all of a sudden you're like, I won't be in your cult. Okay. You think all of a sudden, Tell me about that gold Chains for the last 12 years. I've been telling you I will not be in your cult. Is That Gold? It's not real gold. Oh, I was gonna say, that would be incredible.


And it probably weigh like six pounds. It's Actually kind of heavy. Maybe it's gold, but it's not. It's, but it's a great necklace. I got it from Sarah Henler. Oh, okay. Great. That I love. But no, it was quite reasonably priced. Very reasonably priced. Less than $200. Oh wow. I'm surprised. 'cause I could see you if something's too cheap, you might not get it. Even if you loved it. I recently, I bought some pants from the Gap. Okay, great. My mom and I both bought them. We bought matching pants, Mother daughter pants. Yeah. When I was home. I love them. And you were in Georgia though? I was, there's an outdoor mall, obviously. That's what I'm talking about at home. Yeah. Pretty much.


My mom and I go from outdoor mall to outdoor mall. Yeah. So you were at one Caught. I'm jealous of that. I wish I liked that fun. That sounds so fun. It's so fun because there's treats. You go to the food court. Well, there's no food court, there's restaurants. So yeah. My mom and I went to one outdoor mall called The Forum. Then we went to another outdoor mall called Avalon. Mm. And you know, we stopped and we stopped at one of the places and we got some snacks and I had a wine. Oh yeah. And we keep shopping. Shopping. Then my dad and my brother came to meet us and we had dinner. That's so fun. Do you feel judged by your mom when you have that glass of wine in the middle of the day and she doesn't? No, I don't. You don't? That's great.


I don't ever feel judged by them. Okay. That's nice. That's Really nice. That's A luxury. It's a real, a lot of parents are quite judgmental, If anything. Unfortunately, there's judgment going the opposite way. That's right. Yeah. And I try, I I know it's all about me. Of course it's not about them. Yeah. My judgments are not about them. But, you know, I do worry sometimes I worry About, Like, my judgments come out of worry and I guess So do their, So does everyone Yeah. Everyone's judgments come out of worry. I was just, in fact, I showed one of my daughters the posts. 'cause I found it very inspiring.


What post? I follow a daily, this account Daily stoic or daily stoicism on the two. And it was some rules to live by, by the stoics. And do not complain. Do not complain out loud. Not even when you're by yourself. Okay. I Like it. Interesting. I really like it. But You love to air grievances Well, but like, I'll come off a motorcycle going real fast and you'll never hear me complain. You know, like I, I'm not a, I'm not a complainer. You think I'm a complainer? Well, I think we, well, I guess is how are we defining complaining? Because yeah, I think we talk about things we think are problems in a way that that's complaining.


That's complaining about the wor world. And I think it's a good thing. Thing. Complaining or objecting. Hmm. What's the difference? Give an example of complaining. Like verbally and then an example of if you can Yeah. I hate work. I hate that I have to get up at 8:00 AM every day. I can't stand it. So it's like I am somehow a victim of some situation and there's, it is almost unfair that I have to do this thing. I see. Yes. Okay. Yep. It's like a little Ingen entitled, A little bit Ingen. Okay. Yeah, Sure. Great. And objecting. 'cause I think it's okay to complain about things you think are wrong morally. I wouldn't call that complaining.


I see. Yeah. I would call that like objecting, dissenting. Okay. Interesting. You know, debating, arguing, standing up for something. Okay, I see that. Yeah. Yeah. There's a difference for sure. Okay, so no complaining. No complaining. I want to pull it up. Okay. And these are good tips. All right. We love good tips, The stoics. But, but you know what's so funny is there's just so much overlap with all this stuff because half of what they're, they're saying in this clip is AA stuff. Mm. Obviously this predates aa. So I'm like, oh yeah. Isn't that interesting? Like, this stuff's all been around forever. It's very Buddhist. Sure. Very, very Buddhist.


Okay, here we go. You ready? Yes. Lemme get my volume all the way up. So things you need to stop doing according to the stoics. Number one, stop complaining. Markelius writes in meditations. He says, don't be overheard complaining even to yourself. If you can practice acceptance, if you can see things for what they are as they are, you can move on. You can deal with them. Which leads to the next one, which is stop focusing on things that are not in your control. As the stoics say, we don't control what happens. We control how we respond to what happens. Number three, you gotta stop judging and you gotta stop having so many opinions. Things are not asking to be judged by you. Mark really says in meditations, you don't have to have an opinion about this. He says, you always have the power to have no opinion.


Seize that power. You gotta stop worrying about the future. We suffer more in imagination than in reality. Seneca says, and then he says, he who suffers before it is necessary, suffers more than is necessary. Stop holding people to your standards. It's called self-discipline for a reason. Tolerant with others, strict With sounds like That was the motto of Marcus Alius to Others. You gotta stop, stop Tying your ambition, your identity to things that are not up to you. That's what Markelius said was the crazy thing about ambition. That it's tying your sanity, your hope, your peace, your happiness to an outcome that you don't necessarily control. And finally, you gotta stop acting like you're gonna live forever. You are not, it's not that life is short. Seneca says it's that we waste a lot of it and we waste it because we think it is long.


Because we think we have tomorrow. We don't. Don't do it later. Do it now. Act as if you don't know how long you have, which is true. You don't. And Well, and it shut itself off there. That was probably, they probably did it on purpose. So it's like you want more, but you can't have More Accept it. Yeah. Accept it. Don't complain about accept it, the video ending stuff. But judgment is what made me think of it. And I didn't even remember it. But, so I'm good at some of those tenets. And the one I'm terrible at, which I, I needed to hear was, you don't have to have an opinion on everything. Everything. Oof. That's a toughie. Well, I find that complicated. I think, Let's hear your opinion on that. Well, we're not gonna have a show if we don't have opinions.


That's a thousand percent true. So we are to have opinions. Oh yeah. Yeah. That's, I was just teasing When I grew up, we were taught to have a critical opinion of, of things. Same. It was in class. Like read a thing and then figure out with real points what your opinion is on it. Critical thinking. Critical thinking. Yeah. I think that's a good, that that's a hard one for me because I find that to be a virtue. Unless you're just shoving your opinion on people who don't need it, care about it, didn't Ask for It. Ask for it. Yeah. It's irrelevant. It's just you trying to have a voice for no reason.


Yes. It, it's slippery. But I also think it's okay to take in all the information and form. And I, I thought about it and I'd imagine you're free to have opinions on important things Right. Under this edict. But I definitely know, I've even said this on here in the last couple years. Like, I have a mantra in my house, which is like, your opinion's not needed here. Right. Which is almost always true. Yeah. And life's better without me interjecting my opinion all the time. And I'm free to let everyone you know, it's, but that one's, it's hard. That one's the hardest. It's hard for me. That's very hard for me too.


I actually, you know what? I just had to apologize to someone recently because of Oh, you did this very thing. Actually, I'm this weird that you're bringing it up. I'm, I'm really, I'm embarrassed that I behaved this way. So I wanna start by saying that. And I did apologize. Yeah. Were you drunk? No. Okay. I was totally sober. Okay. That makes it harder. I think I was with Jess and we were on a big adventure one day. Yeah. We decided we were gonna go on a, what we call walkies, which is just like a long ass walk. And we're stopping at stores and it's fun. You're Treating LA like the outdoor mall?


Yes. Yeah. It's, we're on vacation in la Yeah. Yeah. It's very fun. So we start and we go to some stores and, and he's buying some, you know, I kind of brought shopping into his life. Yeah. I was, I was gonna say, I can't imagine he loves shopping, but He's starting to like, actually not just enjoy it with me, but he'll be like, oh, I do wanna go to that store and see what they have. I wanna do this. Anyway, so we're, you know, we're bopping in places. We're both buying stuff. So we've already bought multiple things. Obviously Jess and I know each other really, really well. So, and not only do I, not only am I reading between the lines, but there's explicit things stated between the two of us.


Like, I'm worried about this, or I'm worried about this X, y, and Z. Okay. So we're walking, we're buying, it's exciting. We're getting great items. Yeah. And then we decide we're gonna walk to Echo Park. Now for people who don't know, that's far, that's like far, it's not that far. Probably what, three and a half, four miles? I Didn't look at the mileage, but from where we were, which was already Sunset Junction. Oh, then yeah. Okay. It was probably like two Miles from there. An additional 45 minutes. Oh, okay. 45 minute walk from there. Oh, okay. Okay. So, but we decide we're gonna do it and, but we'll stop in stores. So we're going, we go into a store, a men's store, and he is like looking at some tops.


I think they're great. He's going to try them on. And he know, he puts one on and I was like, oh, it's gr I love it. It's great. And he was like, ah, I don't know, I don't know about this like collar thing. And I was like, well, if you don't, if it's gonna like bother you every time you see it, then you know, that's not a good idea. But I think it looks great. He took it off. He put on the other shirt, same shirt, but different color. Color or color? Color, okay. Same exact shirt. And I was like, well, I like the other color better. Yeah. And he was like, yeah, yeah, me too. Then, then we go to checkout and he gives, he's, he buys both.


Interesting. And I was like, you're buying both? And he was like, well, yeah. And I was like, but it's the same. I was like, it's the same. You don't need both. Oh. And I said, I said it like that. And he was like, well, and he, but, and he bought it. Yeah. He didn't change his mind, which I'm glad about. But I was like, I mean, it's kind of like a specific shirt. Like it's not a white tee in a black tee. It's specific. So you, you don't really need two of the same thing. Right. Okay. So then that's over. Yeah. Yeah. But then after I was like, who am I to tell him he doesn't need two of the same shirt?


Like, even if that is my opinion Or your personal preference for you, how you would buy a shirt. Right. If it's my opinion that no one needs to of the same shirt or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. That is not my place to put on anyone. This is Not bad, Monica. Well, I, I can't even, I was expecting something much more hurtful, maybe. Oh no, I'm not a mean girl. Well, just, you had to apologize. So I did because I, so my thought was, oh, you hurt his feelings. I Didn't hurt his feelings, but I did make him Self-conscious. Have to Exactly. I made him self-conscious Second guess himself. Yeah. And That's mean. Like, I, I didn't, I didn't mean it with ill intent.


I I meant it, I meant it honestly as like An experienced shopper. That's what you were thinking, right? I did. Yeah. Like, I know about shopping and, and so like, you don't, And you're new to shopping and I see how you wanna, And I thought, you know, you'll probably just have to return it. And that's gonna be a pain. Like, I know how this goes also. Like if you ever express any like, money troubles and you're, you're spending, and I know you don't, like, that's a useless spend. But none of it's my business. No. None of it is my business. And that's why I had to apologize. 'cause 'cause I guess that's for me, like in apologies.


I really, I have to be sorry. Like, I'm not just gonna say, oh, I'm sorry. You have to feel bad that you did something. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I did something that I recognize I don't wanna be doing Yes. In life. And I'm sorry I did it to you and I'm not gonna do it again. Or I'm gonna try not to do it. Yeah. Anyway, So the stoics, they, they were whispering to you? Well, I'm Buddhist. I was in a similar situation last night, but I, I did resist. I'm, I'm sitting in the nook, like in the, at the booth in your kitchen. And I'm watching someone in my house cook pierogi on a pan. Okay. And I'm watching them flip the pierogi with their fingers in the pan.


Okay. And I want to say so bad, I wanna use tongs. You're gonna burn your finger. And then I go, no, they'll Burn their finger. I Don don't need to do that. That'll be its own issue. No, I won't. Yeah, Exactly. And this person burnt their finger. Oh, they did? Yeah. And then they had to burn finger and I was washing dishes and then I shared with another person, oh man, this is great. I, I wanted to say that. And I just didn't. Yeah. And like, everything's fine. Yeah. This person has a burnt finger. They're dealing with it. They learned the lesson way better than if I told them not to.


You're right. They didn't believe that I was gonna, they would've not believed they were gonna burn their finger. I would've forced 'em to get tongs to be resentful at maybe because, you know, and so you're Controlling them. Like Let, let life teach everyone their lessons. I know. Now I'm not saying that to you. I'm saying that to me. No, I agree. I I I agree. But also now he, what about this, the fingers burnt, right? Yeah. And then for the next two hours, this did not happen with me either. But what if for the next two, three hours there are complaints about the burnt finger? Well, you're not allowed to complain because of Well, I know, but they do the Stoics. Right. Then what? Because that's when I am like, I don't wanna hear it.


Yeah. Because you, you Juggle chainsaws and your fucking hand got caught off. Yeah. So I don't wanna hear it. I'm a very much, I don't wanna hear it, girl. Yeah. I relate to that a lot. I think my strategy lately has been, I, I've been trying to find a middle road between those two things, which is I can acknowledge what you're going through and say, I witness you and I don't have to fake sympathy. Right. I don't have to match your emotions. I have to let you know like, oh yeah, that looks bad. That must hurt. Like I can do that. And, and resist saying, well, yeah, it's when you flip the things with your fingers, they're gonna get, like, that's what of course I wanna say right.


Is like, this is your fault. Right. And I don't wanna deal with your emotions, but, but also I know we zoom out, it's like, yeah, I make mistakes all the time. Yeah. This is often, they're probably my fault and if I am, But if you're complaining about it to other people for hours, you shouldn't, you've Lost the right to do that. I Kind of think so. But you can only complain about stuff that was truly, you had nothing to do with, or, Or You could, I mean, I'm, I'm open to that being the truth, but I think you can complain or be like, my finger really hurts. I really sh at that point I think it's on you to be like, I guess I shouldn't have touched that hot pan. I mean, that's what I'm hoping to hear.


But I I didn't get that. But that's fine. 'cause I, I just, I got out of a lot of Yeah, you did the right thing. There's just so many bad things would've come out of it and everything's fine and the finger was burnt, whatever. And then you go like, oh, grab Neosporin and a bandaid. And then we're, we're on. And that's all up to them. Yeah. Yeah. But do you think some, okay now do you think in general some people are better decision makers than others? Of Course. Okay. Look around You. I know. That's how I feel. Yeah. So is it if you consider yourself a pretty good decision maker? Of course I do. Yes. And I do too. So when you're around people who you don't feel are very good decision makers and they're making decisions, It was in the video.


So it's be tolerant of others and strict with yourself. So it's like, yes, I have a code and I'm gonna think through everything and I'm gonna really try to model out the future and always make the right decision. And that should have nothing to do with how anyone else is living their life. Ideally. My best version of myself. It's So hard when you see it's causing them pain or Distress. Yeah. Well how often do you have friends? It's like they keep getting in their own way. Yes, I know. And, But I think you gotta get mildly realistic. Unless they come and ask you, I'm gonna pick between A and B, what do you think? And you go B, for you to go, like you're always getting in your own way. You're blah, blah, blah, blah. That has the illusion of you're gonna change them.


And that is also rubbish. You're not gonna change anyone. But if you, they ask your opinion on option A and B, I think you should give it. And then otherwise they think you should recognize like people are on their, their path and it's gonna be however it is. And they'll have the consequences of that. And, and you get to be on your path without anyone telling you, maybe you should loosen up on your Of course. You Know, it's just hard when you see people get very stuck or fixated on something that is, I mean, Counterproductive to their goals. Yeah. And you want the best for Them. You want the best for them. And it's, to me feels like it's an, it's easy to just say, Hey, just so you know, like I'm seeing this.


Like, I think there are nice ways of doing it. Not like, well you shouldn't have done that. Yeah. You shouldn't have touched the pan. Like I think there are some half manipulative ways of doing it. Like saying like, Ugh, I know that happened to me and I sweat it when I was six, Back when I was stupid. When I was, when I was 20. Actually I'm way later I did that and I got this crazy burn and then I started using tongs. Yeah, yeah. You could relate, you Could do that. I sometimes think like, and I do not want to suggest that I am the finish line, but I often think of you and I, and I think it's a great gift to the show that you're 37 and I'm 50.


Okay. It's A great gift because you're thinking in your age group and I'm thinking in mine and our audience is varied, so it's, it's good. But sometimes I think, what would this show be like if you were 50 as well? Mm. I think it'd be way less compelling because a lot of this stuff is just getting old. Like there's no effort on my part. I'm not trying to be a certain person. But over time I think people tend to change in kind of predictable ways. Interesting. You don't think so? Well What do you mean? Like you think you are zen and I'm not, well, I think it's easy, like this little thing about like offering your opinion or not saying something to somebody.


I think it's easier for me because I've had another 12 years of watching people do exactly as they're always gonna do. And I've come to accept a little more that people are just, they're all on their own path. And I think you can only get that opinion by just watching time and patterns emerge. Or let's just say almost all people get a little more conservative as they get older. You know, that's just a, maybe you'll be excluded from that, but it's a very common pattern. It's common. Very common. Yeah. So it's like, I'm also, it's curious, if I was 37, if you were talking to 37-year-old Dax all the time, I probably would be much more revved up about a lot of the stuff you're revved up about.


Yeah. I can almost guarantee it. Yeah. And so I have this mixed emotion of like, I think it's great for the show and I feel bad for us that we're not in the same year where maybe we would see eye to eye more. I dunno, I don't, I, I'm sure age has, has parts is part of it. But I think us not seeing eye to eye always is our, we have different personalities, a different experiences on in life. It's multifaceted. Yeah. You're a woman, I'm a man. Exactly. You're brown. I'm white.


There's new innumerable things. One of them is 12 years. Yeah. One of them is 12 years. Yeah. Yeah. But I don't, I guess I'm like it. Yeah. I think you take, you're taking offense to that. Well it's somehow like I don't, you're think I'm calling you immature or something. That's why I started by saying, I'm not saying I have evolved more than you or that I have. You said I'm not, Not the finish line. Exactly. I'm not saying that like I am the product of wisdom or anything. I'm saying 50 year olds and 37 year olds are different. Definitely different. And, but I'm also not 20, so I don't know if we're, Let me say this far, I'm take you out of this. I was a lot different at 37 than I am at 50.


Yeah. That's all. So I know I changed a lot in the last 13 years and my hunch is you'll change a bit too. Right? I'm, I hope. Yeah. I mean, the goal is to be changing. I just wonder, like I bet here, here's what I'm saying. If we had time machines and I could be 37 and fast forward and listen to myself as a 15-year-old argue with you As a 50-year-old. Yeah, No. As a, as a 37-year-old, You're a 37-year-old listening to you now. Yeah. I, I'm 37. I get in a time machine. I go, I go ahead in time. 13 years. And I hear me arguing with you. I guarantee 37-year-old me many times would be like, oh my God, she's right.


What are you talking about? And I think if you, it's, it's possible that when you're 50 and you listen to some of this Yeah. You might also go, oh my God, that's so funny. I see what he was saying. Sure. Probably. Yeah. Yeah. That's All. Where did that come from? Where did this train of thought come from? Oh, I've had this for years. There's a lot of times there's tons of disagreements we have that I chalk up to our differences and then some of them might chalk up to our age difference. But did something happen in this conversation? No. That made you say that? That it felt like it came outta nowhere? No, it didn't come outta nowhere. We were talking about opinions. Yeah. And whether or not you need to give your opinion. Yeah. And whether or not you think you should tell someone to.


Do you think that's with age, you've, you've come to the Accusation. I think if you get older, you're less interested in trying, you've just, you've been friends with people for 40 years and they never change and you give up. Yeah. But I don't Like, I don't think any grandparents are telling other grandparents how they should live their life. Yeah. I think there's a ton of 18 year olds giving each other advice on how they should be Done. Well yeah. Because they have a lot of time ahead. Yeah. There's more reason to, honestly, if you're a 50-year-old or a six, you know, the older we get, the less time there is to make that, those changes. So I do think there is like, what's the, what is the point Yeah. Of telling someone my age how to behave.


Yeah. Or older than, or my parents. Right. Like they're them. They are them at this point. But you will have a friend when you're 80 and your 80-year-old friend will be making mistakes. Like they'll, they'll be getting in their own way. Yeah. And my hunch is when you're 80 and your 80-year-old friend is getting in their own way, it's much easier for you to not say anything about it. Yeah. But, and I think when you're young, it's hard not to say something about it because you foresee their whole life ahead of them. And if they keep doing this, they're never gonna reach their goal. Yeah. So yeah, I just think there's differences. Yeah. As you age, I feel that even in a five year gap between Kristen and I, like she has a very much, her opinion about work is very much what my opinion about work was at 45.


And even in the last three years, my opinion has evolved dramatically in that way. And I just recognize, yeah. Oh yeah. I gotta remind myself, what did I think when I was 45? Yeah. What did I think at 37? Yeah. Well I think I do know that that was the point of my story is that I caught it after, I mean, didn't catch it, but I recognize that's not who I wanna be. Yeah. So all I can do is try not to do it. I Guess you're trying to straddle the line of not becoming boring. There's a bit of stoicism. I'm like, I don't know if you achieve all these goals.


Are you not just boring, you're like super self-disciplined. You never complain. You accept everything. There's no friction, you're not judgmental, you don't have opinions. Yeah. Are you alive? I don't Think anyone, again, you know, minus someone, Skepticism, Minus some real Buddhists who've devoted their whole life to it and live in a monastery and stuff. I don't think regular people can achieve all those things. I think you can get close. I think when you're in distress or torment, you can try to like bring in those things so that you feel relief and better. But on a day to day, yeah.


I doubt it. Alright, well let's get into some facts. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by skims. Yes. Let's talk about skims. I have been raving about their ultimate bra collection. They sent me some new items, which was very nice to them. I pretty much live in this bra. It's so comfortable. But it's also cute. You never know when your bra bras gonna need to be showing. Yeah. You gotta be prepared. You do. For the best case scenario. And actually I really do believe this, that you kind of have to work from the outside in confidence wise. Sure. And so when you get dressed in the morning, you want to put on a cute pair of you would feel cute underwear and bra. And the ultimate bra is the move. It is Skims does it again, check it out for yourself. Shop Skims, ultimate Bra collection and more@skims.com. If you place your order, be sure to let them know we sent you select podcasts in the survey and select our show in the dropdown menu that follows


James Kimmel Jr. Facts. So watch complications. Oh great. Tell me about them. Watch complications are features or functions added to a timepiece beyond its basic timekeeping function. They can range from simple displays like the date or day of the week to more complex mechanisms like chronographs or perpetual calendars. Essentially anything on a watch that isn't directly related to telling time is considered a complication. Let's see. Do we have a world record for complications? I can find it, but hold on. I wanna give some more chronograph. A stopwatch function. Hmm.


Allowing the measurement of a lapsed time moon phase. A display that indicates the current phase of the moon perpetual calendar. A mechanism that automatically adjusts for leap years, month lengths and other date irregularities. Whoa. Turbulent a rotating cage that houses the escapement and balance wheel designed to counteract the effects of gravity on a watch's accuracy. Hmm. Then we have dual time zone. We have minute repeater. A complication that strikes the hour and a half hour on demand using a series of symbols or gongs power reserve indicator indicates the amount of time a mechanical watch will continue to run on a single winding.


Mm. I'm totally listening to you and I'm getting, I'm getting the answer. Okay, great. So you don't have to do that. Great. I'm trying to help. Thank You. Alarm. A function that allows the watch to sound and alarm at a specific time. Hmm. Okay. Now you are looking up the most complications. What'd you find? Is That the same watch I have? What do you have, Rob? The, Or that's just one with different complications. Batch Varon, which has 41 complications, 41 complications. It's Also called, it's horology. A veran Constant Tan la Caza Berkeley Grand Complication. A pocket watch Unveiled 2024 has 63 complications. Ooh. But I said thousands. Yeah, you did.


I'm reading another thing I got confused about. There's another thing that they also like about watches that has a stupidly high number, but well, No. Yeah, this says the watch with the most complications is the Franc Mulla Nita Mega four boasting 36 complications. But it features 1,483 components and 23 indications via 18 hands and five discs. Okay. Maybe I was looking at components and also seeing complications and conflated components and complications. Oh. And it says, and it says that one holds the record for the most complications.


Other manufacturers like the one you just said. 63 complications. Yes. 63. Including a Chinese perpetual calendar. 2,877 components and 245 jewels inside of that. Oh my goodness. Wow. It'd take you a lifetime to build this watch. Yeah. What an interesting mind. I wish I was hornier for it. I just can't see that. That doesn't equal value to me. It Equals value to me because it is made with care. That's true. Things That are detailed like that. Yeah. That are made with such care.


I do appreciate Mine just has one complication. It does. What does it have? And I don't even know what it's doing post-second seconds. Oh, Does it have the date? No. Oh my god. No. But this is my new favorite watch. I love this watch. So simple. Yeah. Obviously it doesn't, it only has one complication. It's not complicated. And I like that it doesn't even, it only has three numbers on it too, which I love. Oh, that's cool. It's a panorai. Nice. It's the watch. I've been coveting for 12 years that George had. Oh, cool. Yeah. Okay. I looked up what's currently in the DSM for addiction. Okay. See if I still, The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorder's Fifth Edition Classifies substance use disorders, SUDS as follows, alcohol use disorder, caffeine use disorder.


Even though now they should remove that. Yeah, they should. Eric Topel told us we could drink it. That That's right. Cannabis use disorder. Hallucinogen use disorder. Inhalant use disorder. Opioid use disorder. Sedative hypnotic use disorder. Stimulant use disorder. Tobacco use disorder. I've got a few of those. Includes a category for gambling. No rage, no revenge, No rage yet. No shopping. Ah. Which is interesting. No kleptomania. That'll probably get added. Yeah. The 11 criteria that reflect impaired control, physical dependence, and social problems.


They are taking more of the substance and intended or using it for longer than intended. Persistent desire or unsuccessful efforts to cut down or control substance abuse. Spending a great deal of time obtaining, using or recovering from substance use. Neglecting major role obligations due to substance use. Continuing to use despite substance related problems. Legal, social, occupational tolerance, needing more of the substance to achieve the desired effect. Withdrawal symptoms when not using the substance, craving for the substance using in risky situations. Example, driving while intoxicated, having substance related legal problems.


Mm. Those that up You don't, where are you at a, were you doing a mental checklist? I knew you were gonna say that. Of course I would. I knew you were gonna say that. Should I not? I don't know. It seemed plausible that you were, You were so excited to No, I was thinking about my own history. Well, we know yours. Yeah. But I still think about it. How many did you have? But I've never taken that questionnaire. How many did you have? Oh, 11. Yeah. Maybe all of 'em. I Don't know. Yeah. Let's see. Taking more of the substance than intended.


No, but using it for longer than intended. Probably. Yes. Persistent desire or unsuccessful efforts to cut down or control substance use? Probably, yes. Spending a great deal of time obtaining, using, or recovering from substance use. I wonder what a great deal means. That's a highly vague Contested, yeah. Word. Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. What we would say for that. If You add it up in a week, how many hours you're drinking, is that a great deal of time or not? I guess. I guess, I guess.


But always it's, it's in conjunction with other things. So it feels hard to do that. Right. It's not like you're sitting in your bathtub drinking. Exactly. Or in even like in my house. Yeah. Yeah. So that's harder. Yeah. Tolerance. Needing more of the substance. Yes and no. I feel like if I take one day off, I'm already like back. You're back to your Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, sure. Probably withdrawal symptoms when not using the substance. I don't think so, but I guess I don't know what they would be.


Yeah. I don't think you're in any stretch. Physically addicted to alcohol. Yeah. Mentally. But are you grumpier in the evening on the nights you can't drink? Mm. Again, depends on what I'm doing. Like if I'm playing a game somewhere, no. Right. If I'm just like white. Yeah. If I'm like, just like white knuckling it's, and like I really can't Yout Really care about food and you're like, fuck, I can't. Yeah. Tonight's a night. I can't cook and drink wine. Yeah. But you agitated while you're cooking. Oh, maybe craving for the substance. Yes. I'm grumpy now.


Had nothing to do with the alcohol. I'm not grumpy. I'm great. But I do wanna warn you. Yeah. I do wanna warn you. And I think it's only nice. Okay. Sorry, real quick. Having substance related legal problems. No, no. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. I do wanna warn you that next week I will be PMSing. Oh, Okay. And so will Kristen. Okay, great. And Carly. So I just want, And probably Anna Ana's always nice to you though. She She Is, she's afraid of you. A little bit. I I don't know why I'm so nice to, to her. I know, But you're still the Boss. I think I'm nicer to her than anyone really. I know, but you're the boss.


I'm not the boss. That's the thing. In her mind. I am, but I'm not. Well, you're, you can be. I'm married to her boss. You can be scary. Scary If you're upset. No one wants to upset you. I know we've covered this. This is like, as if I like scream around the house or Something. I need to, I need you to just accept that. Oh, I do. Okay. Because it's not like, It's just frustrating. 'cause I don't really have, I don't have tempered tantrums towards anyone or knock stuff over or slam doors or bars. But you Get, when you get, get angry, it really doesn't feel good. And it in a way that when sometimes when other people get angry, it's kind of like whatever. Like I don't, I don't know. I don't know why that is.


Yeah. But it is painful when you are angry at someone, I think more than others. Oh yeah. And that's just your power. Okay. Okay. That's a testament to your power. You should just take that and be grateful. Anyway, so I guess I have it By the way. No, I don't, I don't think that's the conclusion. But yeah. Even this happens, take everyone that's close to the circle out of it. And it's like Ang Yeah. Tells me at some point when we're swimming at Barton Springs, like, I'm just so intimidated by you. Right.


And I go, how? Even still she like, you're my, you're my baby. She's been my baby since I met her. Right. Like, I'm so tender to her have been since I met her. Yeah. She elicits that in people. That's what's so fun about Ange. Sure. And yeah, I go, oh yeah. That if she thought that there's nothing I can really do. 'cause I know for sure towards her at least I've always been like, but again, super but gentle, Soft. It's not necessarily about like who you are towards the person. It can be just like What they've have. You know, someone has A side. Yeah. Or like what they've seen. I mean, she's been around you in lots of working situations. She, she has seen me command a group of a hundred people Yeah.


As a director of Things. Yeah. And also like, if you're unhappy on a set or with something like that's often made clear, you know, it's, I I, I wouldn't say this isn't a negative thing, but I don't think I would say like, you're easy breezy. Oh. Because that a surprise. I'm not surprised you're saying that. I'm going off of the three times I've been the director of things and have had crews. What I hear repeatedly is I'm like the funnest person that they've ever worked for. Oh, I'm not saying you're not fun. Oh Yeah. So I'm just, my, my assessment of me, I don't yell at people.


The only time I've yelled at people is when they have yelled at people and I make an announcement to everyone. That doesn't happen on this movie. There's been these moments of like firm boundaries, but they're always like, we don't yell at people here. Everyone fucks up. No one's burning someone for having messed up. I don't yell at anybody. Well, you, you do when you're mad. You do On a set. Oh, Maybe not on a set. Sorry. It's fine. I can just, like, I, yeah. I I have maybe a flawed assessment of how I treat Yeah. I've treated some bosses. I've had moments with bosses. We've had moments. But that's much different. Yeah. Where that's a more personal, you know, of course that's different.


And I'm sure you and Kristen have had huge fights. That's different too. Yeah. But where everyone's yelling, I mean, it's not like just you. Right. And I think my baseline is hotter to some degree in the way my family talks to each other. Sure. Like you and I have arguments like my brother and I had arguments. Yeah. Anyway, so I, I guess so anyways, I'm an alcoholic. I mean, that is what I was about to say. It kind of seems like I should evaluate. Well, what's interesting is these questions are positioned as as binary yes or no. Yeah. But that's very incomplete. There's a huge spectrum of, I think about it a lot.


Well, I think about it. What, every five minutes. Exactly. Every night at five for seven minutes. I know there's a Huge variety in how many, you know, how these could be answered. And what is interesting is, I mean, other than the legal problem thing, well I guess it's continuing to, despite substance related problems, social, I guess maybe that's the one. But it's not that focused on the consequences. Because to me, that's sort of how I evaluate it. Yeah. And, but that's not really, which I think is, I think of a part of the DSM Is is Correct. I mean, I don't think someone gets sober unless they're making a mess of their life enough that it really acquires Yeah.


Some major adjustment. Or in aa we say you're gonna end up in an institution in jail or dead. Like is that, that's what the projector you're on. But I think maybe it's also worth considering sobriety if you're like, I'm too, I'm too attached to this thing. Or I'm, I'm too dependent on it. Or it's become such a habit that it's, you know, there's that. Yeah. That's a hard and curious evaluation of just like wanting to have freedom from it. Like, and in many ways smoking wasn't an issue for me because it had no negative impact.


My girlfriend was a smoker. She didn't care. None of my friends cared. Yeah. I could afford it. I'm not getting in legal trouble. It's not danger. It's dangerous in 40 years. Right. So I have to be motivated by simply hating the notion that I am dependent on it and I would like to be free of it. Yeah. And that's just a harder thing to rely on for motivation. Yeah. I think that takes time. Time. Which may, so maybe eventually I'll let you know. Okay. If I stop drinking just like wine bars and they're so cute. And, and, and Cozy Martinis are Cute.


Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I get it. Maybe I should work on like my dependence on cuteness. Okay. Start there and see if the other stuff is fixed. Downriver. Yeah. Okay. This what's unfortunate. Oh, oh, oh, yay. I wrote down update on the bath and I didn't know what I was talk, I didn't, I was like, what does that mean? But I just remember the bath has been fixed. It has been fixed, I believe. So Did you get an explanation of what the problem was? So the plumber came and he said, you know, it's draining. And I was like, I I know that's not the problem. I don't know what the problem is. It doesn't seem like it has to do with my apartment.


Yeah. And he said, okay, it's probably a pipe thing. And so they scheduled a time I was out of town, actually, they scheduled a time to replace the pipe or do something with the pipe. Okay. I don't maybe Put a camera in it and see what's going on in the pipe maybe. Yeah. And so far so good. Oh, wonderful. But that's great. Yeah. And I wanna just be clear, my landlord's great. Like she's a nice, she's nice. She's a nice person. Yeah. And I have no problems with her. It just, it was bumming me out that Yeah. That that was a gross thing happening.


I also think when you live in LA and you pay exorbitant rents, rightly so, you expect a little more. Yeah. Like I think if you were spending $800 a month on a one bedroom and Oakland County where I'm from Yeah. And there was suds coming out, you'd kind of be like, yeah, I get you get what you pay for. Right, right. But when you're spending, what is the mortgage on a $700,000 house to live in a one bedroom apartment? Yeah. I think the expectations go up. Yeah. That's true. Okay. Let's see. Oh, I looked up where blood feuds are prominent. Appalachia, Albania. Oh sure. Cfa. My old Albania high school friend.


Oh, Right. He was Albanian. Yeah. And he and his brother got down hoard. In fact, I was just texting with Carrie and somehow she heard some update on him. And I'm like, I'm so glad he is alive. Yeah. Wow. If you recall my story about him is that Aaron and I, Aaron and I delivered cars in Detroit generally five days a week. We'd go work for my mom after school and meant most of our deliveries were downtown Detroit. So when we were down there, I would go to my classmates, Coney Island. He, he and his brother owned a restaurant. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And He was a high school student. Yeah. And Albanian super fucking tough. And we used to go in there and get free Coney dogs. Whenever Aaron and I were in a certain section of Detroit. And we'd hang with Caz, we pulled up one day and there's police tape all over the parking lot.


And we park, we have to park next door. And as we're walking up, we see the in full front of the window is gone. Yeah. And he's standing the side. He is like, he's been talking to cops. And we're like, what? What? What happened? He's like, oh damn, we just had a fucking shootout. Homeboys cross street started shooting. One came in the window, brother pulled out the Mac 10, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. And I'm like, oh my God. We were just in class like three hours ago and he, they were in a huge shootout. God. And he was fine, Thank God. I mean, just like as emotionally. He's totally fine with the fact that the brother pulled out of Mac 10. Yeah. Man. Are different, different ways of living growing up.


And the other crazy story about him was this. So the Albanians in my school often didn't get along with the Chaldeans. There was some beef there. Well Maybe Boy. And there was a new Kelian kid came to the school somehow he had a beef with Cz Caz on the way. We had these mobile classrooms, a couple of them. So walking out of the gym, across the parking lot to the mobile classroom, new Kelian kid comes up to Caz, pulls out a gun, points it at him at school, at school, points a gun at him. And Caz goes, bitch, you better pull that fucking trigger. 'cause if you don't, I'm gonna kill you after school. That was his like out of a movie. What?


Yes. But did he? Of course not. He was terrified. Somehow Caz knew who was real and who wasn't. And But then did, then did he beat him up? Kill him after what? He didn't kill him. 'cause he, no, he didn't, obviously. Oh, that kid got in major trouble, got kicked out of our school cops came the whole nine years. But he just looked right at him and said, bitch, you better fucking kill me. Oh my God, that's so scary. It's So next level for a high school student. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Back to blood feuds. Okay. Albania, south Cacau, south caucuses. You hear about that in the news? The caucuses. Yeah.


Chichen the Caucus. Caucus. Okay. In the us Appalachian Mountains in the old West. Hartfield, McCoy Feud. Hatfield McCoy. Oh, sorry. Hatfield McCoy Feud. Okay. And then in the Philippines, parts of Greece and Croatia Also do blood feuds. Yep. Hmm. It's really related to herding. If you believe Malcolm Gladwell Oh Yeah. All these, All these cultures of honor started as herders who have an undefined grazing area. Yeah. That butts up often against other people's undefined. And you have to stand your ground or your sheep are gonna die and you're not, they're not get, have food.


So this history of standing your ground and herding communities is quite prevalent. Alright, Well that's it for James Kimmel Jr. Revenge. I loved this episode. Yeah, it was great. Really got me thinking. Me too. And I, I hope it gets everyone thinking. Yeah. Because we have such quick triggers. The challenges that legislation can't address are very troubling. Yeah. Because we need systems. Systems are more powerful than individual humans. So we need systems to help us be the best version of ourself. And ultimately, you are going to get triggered all day, every day. And you have to try this forgiveness exercise and, and get some good results from it and really use it, but it can't really be implemented.


I know. On a societal level. Yeah. There's nothing we, there's no law we can write unless Like it can be in schools. Yeah. Like a really core Curriculum. But we can't even, I mean, no. Like, we can't even get state to state, county to county to agree on what should be taught in schools. So. Right. I highly doubt this is an option. So just listen to this episode and pass it along. Share it. Yeah. And you're up against like family tradition. Like my family, you're a hero when you stick up for your family member and my family. Right. You become legend status. Like my, it happened to my brother, it happened to me. When once you do that, like it is a very prized thing.


I have that same pride with my girls when I see one of them defend the other or stick up for the other. Like that's a, that's just a very historic familial pride thing. That's like, you're up against that. Yeah. It's a lot. It can be practiced though. Yeah. All love you. Love you. Follow Armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts.


Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at wondery.com/survey.


This is Nick. And this is Jack. We're best friends, ex finance guys and resident nineties experts. And every week on our podcast the best idea yet we're bringing you the untold stories behind your favorite products. For instance, can you guess which billion dollar fashion company went viral? Thanks to a rhinestone covered tracksuit, or which cartoon turned four turtles into a global toy empire by accident? It started as a joke. Last one, which cold beverage was so hated by Starbucks, they actually ended up acquiring it. Spoiler. The Frappuccino. Howard Schultz apparently thought cold coffee was super lame. And then he bought it from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to Juicy Couture to the Orange Mocha. Frappuccino. Join us every week to learn how your favorite things got made. Follow the best idea yet on the Wonder App or wherever you get your podcasts. And you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus. And if this podcast lasts longer than 45 minutes, call your doc.