
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan Shepparton. I'm joined by Lily Padman. Hi. Today we have a very handsome guest. We sure do. He, He is handsome. He was one one time named GQs. Handsomest, man. Golly. What does it feel like? Would you rather have, is it, does people do sexiest Man? Sexiest? Yeah. Would You rather have Handsomest Man, gq or Sexiest Man? People. Wow, Great Q, great Q Great. You Great. Gq.


I would rather have Handsomeness. That feels Like timeless Actually. I want sexy. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Sexy boy. Sexy guy. Sexy man. Sexy person. Friendly. Friendly boy. Know his Best boy. Sexy man. Cool guy, cool guy. Get it right. Okay. James Marzen, you've been watching him forever. I've been losing roles to him for a good 25 years. X-Men Enchanted the notebook, 27 dresses. But I think where he really absolutely blew our minds was Jury Duty. So good. If you haven't seen Jury Duty, stop right now and go watch it. Find It. Watch it. He's absolutely incredible. And he has a new show out on Hulu streaming now called Paradise, and I am not lying.


It is. It's got its hooks in the whole family you're In. I'm so excited to watch it. Yeah, We're very, very in. It's Dan Erman. Yeah. Very loved and esteemed writer and an incredible premise. So please enjoy James Marston.


We are supported by Macy's Planning a winter getaway before you hit the slopes or chase the sun, make Macy's your first destination. At Macy's, you'll find everything you need for your vacation at incredible prices. If you're planning a cold weather Vacay, head to Macy's for great deals on coats, earmuffs, hats and gloves, boots, and outdoor active wear from brands like the North Face, Ugg, and Columbia. And if you're booking a sunny destination, Macy's is still the place to get everything you need. They've got stylish resort wear, shorts, dresses, sandals, swimwear, and more from brands like Nike, Steve Madden, and Levi's. I get my Levi's at Macy's. I just love Levi's. Head to Macy's, define all your travel must haves at affordable prices and spend your next vacation in style. Shop now at macy's dot com or visit your local Macy's store.


We are supported by Quince. You know, Kristen's been ordering a ton from Quince. Quince is amazing. Yeah. And I told her, I go, you know, they're a sponsor and she, she couldn't believe it. Being stylish and comfortable allows you to feel your best, making you ready to tackle anything that comes your way. That's where Quince comes in. I was just in the house and our friend Anna, she had borrowed a sweater from me. It's blue and it's from Quince. It's gorgeous and it fits so well. And when she was wearing it, I was like, I want it back. Of course, that's a sign of a great item. It is. When you regret loaning it out, there's no better workout motivation than some new active wear Quince performance tees and tech shorts are perfect for any movement. And if your work wardrobe needs a revamp, you can't go wrong with their Mongolian cashmere sweaters, which start at just $60. They're able to offer such affordable prices by partnering directly with top factories, cutting out the cost of the middleman. Then they pass those savings onto us, indulge in affordable luxury. Go to Quince dot com slash tax for 365 day returns, plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


Did you happen to hear me interview Toto? I did not. You're missing out on one of the greatest visual experiences ever to watch Toto Wolf. Oh, be charming for two hours. I'm so out of it. I'm like the band toto like, oh, Toto Wolf from Mercedes Toto. Yes. The chief Toto Wolf. Louis. I know the car is no good. You'd have to drive it. I thought if one would come across your desk, that would be the episode. Several have come across my head. Hello. Okay. How are you? Monica, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Monica, You gonna go squirt or anything? Take a little peek. Go squirt. I'm good actually. You Wanna go number two? You wanna Hop? We can step out. I really like this is a trap. We can always stop If you Change your mind. Think I'm my miles.


You're comfortable. Okay, good. You're full. My bladder is evacuated. I remember I ran into you in Austin at the, not this last year's race. It was the prior year. We've run into each other Right after Jury Duty. Yeah. A few times. I wanna say Miami. Were you there inaugural? I was there first and second year. First year. It was a mess. First year was a little rock a Mess. Robbie, I sound crazy. I don't know if there's been an adjustment. Maybe the tea Kettle going Nuts. Oh, that's probably part. Just turn me down. Touch James A. Little hot. Believe it or not, I can back off. No, no. I want your full. Can you whisper timber And And tam? We gonna do some, what's it called? Ooh.


A M Rj, whatever it is. Oh. Oh. That's a personality test, right? Rmr. If you'd like me back, We could do as MR, but we could also do EMT therapy. EMT therapy or TMJ. That issue people have with their jaw. Yes, With your mouth. Oh, so funny you say that Uhoh because you ever get one ear that's clogged from going an elevation or up or down. Yes. Had that now for like 45 minutes. And I keep doing this thing with my jaw that makes me look like a crazy person. Can you yawn? How to yawn? That's what my son told me to do. But I'm like, how is yawning different than just doing that? No, it opens. It does something. Try it. It's So much effort to actually yawn. Give us a Good, good yawn. James, your very best yawn.


No, it's like acting. Your audience is gonna be like terrific. It's gonna be a great chat. We're gonna be yawning. I like The notion that you are paying some price for such a dominant chin and jawline. That is probably why. Yeah, That's very, you have a really, Really cute kind of cleft. Just a touch of a clef, right? You would agree? I don't know about that. Yeah. This Little old teacup chin. Not very manly as it. This Little teacup chin has taken you all around the world. My friend, my first Band, this little teacup chin just taking me around the world. I'm very grateful back. Toto wolf. Do you share in the world's obsession with him? When I think of who the sexiest, coolest guy in all of F1 is, it's not any of the drivers. It's actually Toto. I agree. And there's a mystery always following the guy around.


And you've stood next to him. I Have. And he's always very kind. He'll make a point to in the middle of the race coming in from the garage and go through the hospitality and come over and say Hello, how are you? I'm gonna fuck up the accent. No, I know you can do it with, Have you been in the garage? Oh wow. That's pretty good. That's not Terrible. Yeah. Very nice guy. But he's an enigma. He is. And he's such a towering hulk of a man And fit. It's one of those slap him on the arm things and it's like marble Scares You. Do you like men's bodies? That's a great, I'm diving right into this. We gotta get there fast. This is one I was prepared for. On a scale of one to 10, on A scale of one to Dex, how do I like men's bodies? Yes. I'm fully obsessed. I can Appreciate a great men's body.


Hit me with a couple that you love. Like I'll go first. Dennis Rodman went with the bulls or the Lakers. What Was specific about his body? He Had really, really big shoulders yet really thin, long trunk. Remember David Robinson? Oh yeah. Like the admiral. You could land a plane on him. Hey. Yeah. PE was popping out. Okay. Okay. Rodman, We would all agree on pit Brad Fight Club. I was gonna say Brad Pitt fight club. Yeah. Yeah. Because it was on display standard as Well. But he's very tiny in that he's like around one 40 in that. He's just so Cut. But he's got one of those long torsos too, too, which I always wanted. I'm not a super tall guy, but my legs are longer in proportion. That's how mine are. They're longer than my torso. And I wanna stretch this out. You guys should have a child that's an ostrich together.


Just Huge legs. Enormous legs. Actually. Not even torso. Just neck to legs. Exactly. Dax just sent me a video on Instagram of the tallest woman and shortest woman. I think I saw this was like a puberty post they Got together for tea. Are the mugs separate sizes as well? I hope. 'cause the time is The mug is bigger than the girl. She's kind of inconceivably tiny. If you saw her at a distance, she wouldn't really have any idea. She looks kind of proportional. Yeah. Next to the giant woman of course. Yes. Yes. Anything bad at Either of them. House Tall is she? She looked eight foot something didn't eight foot something. Right. She's probably eight foot something. Yeah. And I said it looked like a version of you and I Sure, Sure, sure, sure, sure.


Because The girl kind of looked like me and the woman and I kind of looked like you. I kind of looked like the woman. Something about it felt just so science fictiony. I think it's crazy that a mastiff and a chihuahua are the same species and can have an offspring. Is that true? Yeah. The definition of the same species is they can have a fertile offspring. Sure. But that would need some help. I Don't know If you got the chihuahua male little stool. So yeah, that's hell. That would be assistance. Yeah. They're the same species and you're looking at 'em going, oh my God, we're so hung up on these little differences like skin color. And I look at a chihuahua in a fucking massive, I'm like, that's a gap. That's a delta in a species. So in general it's not a lot of variety.


But then when you see that video, you go, okay, it can also happen with us. I see the variety when I go to sit court side at A NBA game in proportion to these guys. And so athletic, like some people who are just tall. You see these guys just sprinting twice as fast as you could. And they're six nine. I think LeBron might be the best example of that. I don't know. Is he six of 10 or 11? 6, 8, 6 9. Okay. But he is sprinting down the court with great ball handling. He's an Adonis there body you like. Yeah. Let's not a good, let's add him to the list. But he could have been a tight end in the NFL. Exactly. By the way, I saw your recent post about the lions. I couldn't believe that. But very, very elegant and graceful acceptance.


Oh, Oh, oh, thank you. I gotta say it did go from one of the true top five highlights of my best friend and I. We've been friends since we were 11. To be on that field to meet Dan the coach and hug him. We were just peaked. We were like at a 12. And then to sit down and for the air to come outta that balloon in the manner that it did and then to leave completely heartbroken. I mean it was the full range of human emotions, but The human condition too. Oh yes. Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. Okay, so you and I know each other a little bit and it'd be fun for us to go through our memory. 'cause I have the very most specific memory of meeting you. And I can't imagine you would have the same memory simply because there was a big time sim moment just preceded us meeting for the very first time.


And I don't think I've ever told you this. Kristin and I were going out to a restaurant on La Ciga, which we almost never do. And we're driving from the east side. And I had just recently lost some role to you, which has happened to me several times. No, yeah, yeah. I've been up for a few different things that you got and I think rightly so. You got them. But it had just happened and I said I gotta meet this guy. This guy must be one of the most charismatic folks there is. I Hope this story goes well. I am saying this on the ride to this restaurant we've never been to. We pull up and get out to valet and you're standing there waiting for your car and you're immediately like, hi guys. I'm James. Came over, introduced yourself.


You are insanely nice. Oh my god. Chris and I were just looking at each other like, this is impossible. I was just saying, this guy must just be electric. We meet you. You're everything I thought you could be. And then we walked in. I was like, oh my God. Yes. It's exactly what I thought. So that's the first time I remember meeting you. Well you're Right. I don't remember it. No, I think people say the same thing about you. I like hearing about those people in this business that are like, you know what? I can't think of one bad thing to say about that guy. Well Lovely. And then since then, though you and I bump into each other at Formula one kind of frequently. Yeah. I'd say of any other actor you are the person I've seen most at races. I Obviously love the sport. I came into it, I was dating this wonderful woman who was English.


You know Ron Dennis who used to be the head guy at McLaren when Sena was raising. I did not know that. Okay. So Ron Dennis was like her godfather. So she was raised in F1 and so she kind of turned me on to the sport. This was back in 2015 pre the Netflix show Drive To Survive. Yes. That's how I got into it. And it's a bit of shame I have. Well no, you shouldn't have shame. When I saw it on tv, I was like, this is the stupidest racing I've ever seen. There's no fucking passing. What does anyone watch this? Well, I had the same questions. I was like, so whoever's got the fastest car wins. If you put this guy in this car, it's a procession at Monaco. 'cause no one can pass. I also worked for this watch company for a while IWC and they were very kind and gracious to invite me to some of the races. And so I got to be friends with Lewis. This is before Lewis became Lewis.


Oh wow. I mean he was Lewis but he wasn't Stratus feric. So we got to be pals. He would invite me to a couple of races. I remember we went to Barcelona. I'm kind of the only person there. If I'm calling myself a celebrity or whatever. I feel weird saying that. Yeah. My Own person. Yeah. I started to get into it. Then you get immersed in it and then you start to see all the nuance of the race and like, okay, now I can. Yeah, there's a ton of strategy that's not necessarily visible. It's Kind of like how I viewed soccer for a long time and I kind of admittedly still do, which is I grew up with American football, basketball, and I watch the Europeans play football and it's soccer. And I know there's strategy. I know these are really gifted athletes, But it does look like Chaos and it may look like luck. It's such a low scoring game.


Yes. That a ball goes off somebody's heel and it goes in the goal and they win the game. Forget who had the momentum for the whole game. But the more I learn about that sport, This isn't suspicious that the same guys get lucky off their heel all the time. Right. No. Yeah. I think that's All sports If you don't know It. Exactly. My point. The more familiar you are with it. I think that was with F1. Okay, now I get what's going on. Managing tires and your teammate and your pitting and your strategy of one stop versus two stops. But there is a margin for things that you just don't think are gonna happen. So If you started going then you've gone to what, 20 races? Yeah. Something like that. I gotta say in the last couple years I haven't been to many. I think that's what you and I agreed upon the last time we saw each other, which is I really loved the opportunity to go.


It's such a special experience. But in truth, I'm such a diehard fan. I need to be at home where I can really concentrate on the radio communication and what the announcers are saying. And I miss a lot of the tiny details when I'm there in person. I Love that the sport is getting highlighted, but I, what I was saying is like now it's become, I remember the first year in Miami it felt like I was at the Met Ball. Mm Sure, sure, sure. It felt like it was like CNB Seen. Yeah. You were the 25th most famous person there. Yeah, I Was the 29th. Were you resentful because you're like, and let's get to the real reason why we don't like it now. Right? Yeah. You're like, I was day one, You're from Oklahoma and we interview people from all over the country. On Fridays we have a show which is just listeners and certainly the fewest number of callers we've received is from Oklahoma or Alaska.


Maybe you don't meet a lot of folks from Oklahoma and I have to imagine, have people not found that charming in this town? Because I know people have found it charming that I'm from kind of a hick area and do hick things. People are charmed by that in Hollywood. They are. Has that been your experience being from Oklahoma? It has been, but it feels like to me, I've only met Oklahomans in la. Oh really? Really? So maybe we have a way of finding each other. I love the place. I'm so happy I grew up there. But you either stay or you go somewhere else. I guess that's any place now that I think about it. Wow. What a profound statement. It was pretty poignant. I know what you Meant either. Either stay, explain it To me Guys. But maybe there's something in there for like, oh, you can go and come back. Well, one thing You might be chase something.


I think so Also, one thing you might be saying that you're not articulating is that there are many states where you may move around within the state, Oklahoma. Maybe you either stay where you were born or you get the fuck fuck outta the state. Is you is that way you Space and you're, it's not what I meant. Nice that you try to sort of soften that a little bit. But it's not, it's like I know you either stay where or post up. I'm like, I ain't leaving. Yeah. Or you're married to your high school. Sweet. Yes. And now I'm careful with that because I don't want to disparage him say anything negative about Oklahoma. But it does feel like that to me. I'm trying to figure out why I've run into so many Oklahomans. I run into Detroiters, but we kind of like Detroit. Shit. I'll be at the Kings Red Wings game. There was a Coney Island for a while in Sunset that Mike Bender owned.


I go in there and sure enough, every guy from Detroit is in there. So maybe there's some shit you guys are all drawn to that you're, you're not even aware of. And going into a new big city. I don't know. It feels like you find each other somehow. 'cause you do feel like an outsider. Cultureship massive but exciting. I guess the conversation is, where are you from? Oklahoma. Oh, you know what Gene Tripplehorn is from Oklahoma. All of a sudden, somehow you're chatting with her. Well growing up there, your mother was a nutritionist and your father was a food safety person. And that's Basically how I describe it as well. Okay, great. I lost one of the words. Much smarter than me. He's a microbiologist. Whoa. Okay. But he deals in food safety. Anytime you hear about salmonella or e coli breaking out in food, he's usually in the news.


Oh. Oh no, she That's cool. It's like one of the guys who called, well it's Kind of Munchausen Z. Well that's what I was gonna ask. So with a mother that's a nutritionist and a father who's a food safety expert, was food a topic? Was it being talked about Lot? No, that was their work. They left it at the office. Okay. And came home and ate a bowl full of fruity pebbles. Didn't Think twice. Oh wow. Hypocritical. That's not really true. I mean we didn't really have the best. But Oklahoma food was a chicken fried steak with gravy and mashed potatoes. Really good stuff. It's Not what you would think a nutritionist, Right? No. Especially now having lived in LA for 30 years. Well it's a religion here. We're a godless city and our religion is worrying about food. These our bodies. Yes. Yeah. Could be worse. Could be worse. It's a good thing.


Yeah. I was wondering, was there a issue of the day in the eighties when your dad was doing this that now seems kind of cute? Or rather, is something today kind of cute compared to what? Do you even remember the things he was tackling? No, because it started, he was working at a meat packing facility and he was sort of working in tandem with the FDA. I just didn't know what any of it meant. And frankly when I was young I didn't really care. And nothing against my dad. He's exceptional at what he does. He was a professor at Kansas State University teaching about microbiology. That's cool to talk about. But I didn't really know Of Course. And there's no movies when we were kids where this stud who was slang was food safety. Yeah. That hadn't come around yet. Yeah. Yeah.


He was before his time. Okay. So dad very, very smart. Clearly. And he was a professor. Now you go to Oklahoma State and you're gonna do broadcast journalism. You're there for a year and a half and you bail. Were they like, what are you doing? Was that a hard thing for you to announce? I didn't take anyone by surprise because I had been talking about wanting to move to LA to pursue an acting career. From what age? 16. You had started acting in high school. Yeah, it was like junior high, 14, 15. And I was taking those classes. You you select your electives and I was like, whoa. What's gonna be the easiest GPA booster here? Drama choir. I got into choir, didn't know I could sing and I just sort of later discovered that I could fake it.


But then I started getting on stage and I started enjoying it. And then I went to Hawaii with my father on a little family vacation and met Candace Cameron from full house, that Fox house, that whole family. Kurt Cameron. Yeah. And they were very nice. We hung out the whole trip. Kept In touch. Was there romantic sparks? No, that was 15. How old was she? She was 13. That's I'm seeing problem Was 10th grade Or ninth Grade statutory About that? No. No. But it was pretty innocent I guess it was just fun. Now here's some fun overlap I didn't expect. So my first agent was the mom. No way. Barbara Cameron. That's Right. She was an agent. She Was for commercials At Harry Gold or something like that.


Well start her own thing. Barbara Cameron agency. Wow. So you met them. So then it kind of became, oh that's real. Well this is something I kind of wanted to do anyway. Yeah. 'cause I was a big movie. Buff tv. Big SNL fan. You said you used to memorize prior standup and all these different standup routines. Prior Eddie Murphy. I would go to school and that's how I would get attention. I was never really the hot guy say No, no, no, no, no. It's really true. It's such a weird thing when you hear people go this a weirdo that's so gawky. But it's kind of true. I was just like kind of odd dude who didn't really have a lot of friends. I saw The picture you showed on Colbert of you in high school and you're a fucking babe. Your shirt's undone. I don't know what guy had the confidence in his high school photo to wear a collared shirt that's undone like three buttons.


Your physique is nice. I think this was probably on my way to la. I'm not sure. That was the high school days. First of all, you were objectively very cute. I saw the picture. So I'm not gonna stand for this. But what I will See, I'm gonna fall on it because I came from a rednecky area is the thing that was prized at my school. Wasn't necessarily cute. If you were in drama, you were dead. I Was in a big high school and they actually did have a pretty decent performing arts. You chose It so obviously. Yeah. I wasn't gonna set myself up for a pummeling in the parking lot. Yeah. But it wasn't that bad where I was from. You're not the captain of the football team. But by the time senior year came around, some of the football players were getting into drama, like doing musicals. Oh and you're one year older than me.


I like pointing out. Which is crazy. 'cause I could imagine that being the case six years after me. Then That means your five zero is gonna be, It was two weeks ago. Oh, Happy birthday my friend. Oh, Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. What did you do? I didn't do anything. I cared for my child who was dying of norovirus in Mexico. Oh my god. City. And I was debating whether one takes one to the hospital there or just waits it out. I waited it out but But that's fine. We did a fact check. That was really fun. Fun. I had had it the day before and it was kind of a birthday miracle. I woke up feeling. Okay. So is that just a delay of the celebration? No, I'm not built for that. I'm usually not either. It's rare you meet someone that understands what I'm saying. I'm so afraid everyone will have a bad time and I'll just worry about it for weeks leading up to it. And then I'll go, why am I doing this to myself?


Well If you're anything like me, it's like I'm now by having this party for myself, seeing every one of my friends' eyes roll back into their head like, oh my God, this is a fucking thing I have to go to. Like what do we get into? You have to bring a gift. We'll go for an hour and a half. We'll leave. And so all of these scenarios play in your head and you're like, you know what, I'm sorry. Don't worry about it. I'm sorry I invited you. And I've actually done that my whole life. Never been a big birthday celebrator. Because you're kind of one or the other. You are now my wife and I don't judge her. And money to some extent, they really love their birthdays and they want a big party less And less older. I get But there's nothing wrong with this. No. I think's great. I wish I was More like that. Me too. I think we are defective. Yeah. It's more pretentious almost to do that.


It almost sounds foe humble or something. Right. Exactly. Then to actually just say, fuck it, I'm having a party. What's wrong with that? Also Then it can get complicated. 'cause people do wanna celebrate you. So then they're like, well then let's just do a dinner. Just us. You're still putting people out when you don't have a party you can't win. Just letting you know. Right? Yeah. It's true. Well this was 50. Did you do something? I did. What'd You do? I'm proud of you. I was against my will friends who were like, you are doing this this year? Yeah. I rented an obnoxious house in the Hollywood Hills. You probably know it. It's an old lottner mid-century house with like cement. Oh ceilings. It's the famous guy who goes to all the Lakers games. Wait, we the James Goldstein. That's where we went to our Spotify party. Yeah. An incredible house. Incredible Place. You're not allowed to drink red wine there.


Not in the grounds anywhere. Right. It's forbidden. The two caveats we heard is he said there's no red wine on the property and I have to be invited to the party. It doesn't mean I'll go. Was that the case? Exactly The same. I love it. Did you talk to him? There's no world where you're not invited to this thing. In fact, I'd like for you to be there before everyone arrived. Yeah, he, he's a star. And after everyone leaves, He's a Hollywood icon. He's a real estate guy. But he always sat next to Jack Gelson at the Lakers. At the Lakers for like 30 years. So he's like one of our mascots. The cowboy hat. Yep. He's got the white hair. It's Like 109 pounds wearing A leather jacket. Iconic. Super cool. Anyway, he rents his place out and he is got a club inside the house and it's called Club James. Oh. And when I was looking at these locations, I said You gotta maybe hide the club James thing.


Oh. I didn't even put two and two together And I didn't tell the party planner. And then when it happened it was like they lit it up. Oh My god. We put like spotlights on it. Club James. So then it became like a, yeah, I'm doing it as a joke. Are you glad you did it? I'm glad I had it. Good. And it actually made me realize why haven't I done this before? It almost felt like a wedding. Yes. All the people that have been in your life all in one spot. It's lovely. Yeah. I think Polar said it best. Maybe I'm making this up that she said this, but you get to look out and see these people are the proof of the life you've built and it's kind of satisfying because you put yourself out there and you've made these connections and it is beautiful. And I really wish I had had a party now.


Well you have the excuse though to have a A belated because you put your child's health in front of your own self celebratory. And so It'll both be like a congratulations party and a birthday party. Yeah. Right. You tell the story about it. You can get on the microphone. As many of you know, we were scheduled to do this back in January. Yes. But I just couldn't do it 'cause I love my child too much. Yes. How affected were you when your parents got divorced at nine? Was that a big one? I don't Feel like I held or doe hold still a lot of trauma or disappointment or sadness because of that. To the degree where I'm like, should I? You talk to people who come from split families, that can be really life changing and maybe I just haven't come to terms with it yet.


That's totally a great answer. It's The most honest. Yes. And You have four siblings? Yeah. I've got two brothers a year and a half apart. Irish triplets. I'm the middle. Oh wow. So second child. You Feel like a middle? Yeah, I'm a middle middle's Good. Right. I think you kind of flow with everything else that's going on. You see How annoying the people older than you and younger than you can be. And you make a mental note like, oh yeah, don't Do that. I'm gonna adjust. The older siblings are like the canary in the coal mine. You're watching them take these big swings and you're like, those don't work. Well, not only that, it's the parents doing it for the first time. And so they have all of these ideas and standards that they're going to instill on their child.


Or the child's going to fall over and scuff their elbow and they're gonna freak out that some strange germ is now in their body. Sure. And they're gonna die. Whereas the more kids you have, the more relaxed you become, the less you care. But my father remarried had another child, so that's my other sister. So yeah, two sisters, two brothers. When I was growing up, my brothers, we were so close in age. Were they Cool guys? Did they protect you in high school? Yeah, We were pretty close. But I think we were so close in age. There were moments where it almost felt like we were fighting each other for our own identity. Of course. Yeah. In a way. These are my friends. Yes. Not your friends. Go make your own friends. We were constantly fighting and shooting each other with BB guns. You are from Oklahoma. Yeah. Yeah. It wasn't like a hostile environment.


It was just boys being boys. And my mother kind of going like, dunno what to do Now in my school there were groups of boys that were brothers and you were like, don't fucking even talk to the Jacksons. 'cause there's four of 'em and they're violent. We Weren't big enough to be formidable. Okay. But we were a little rough around the edges. Sure. Scrappy. Who are the marsdens? I know it sound like I'm making this up. Monica's like I don't buy Bullshit. Sounds like that's Christmas pageant ever. Yeah. Yeah. He wasn't hot. Yeah. Now he is a dirt Bag. Who everyone was afraid of in school. BB guns Smelled. I kind of felt like we raised ourselves not saying anything about us. My parents, my mom was there most of the time. My father was gone a lot for work. He traveled quite a bit. E coline doesn't stay in the backyard.


My friend does Not. No, no, no, no. And Knows no borders. And he was one of those who had to get out and go chase the e coli. Yeah. I remember him being on Donahue. He Was on Phil Donahue. On Phil Donahue. Remember the Jack in the box? Yes. Yes. Is gonna love me for this. Oh, The big outbreak. Yes. It was one of the worst ever late eighties people died. Yeah. In Texas. And he was on the show explaining basically what happened. How did he Do? Was he confident? I didn't Really watch it. Oh, old people talking. I've got an acting career pursue. Wait, Are you a hypochondriac by chance? No. Oh God, Not really. I'm surprised I would be. Well I am. But I would be if I grew up in an environment where everyone was talking about Ecoline chasing it down. I guess because he knew so much about it, I was actually less scared of it all.


That makes total sense. He actually understood it. And he could probably tell you when and when. You shouldn't be afraid. Yeah. And he was like, you're fine. I remember I was like, dad, what's actually in a hot dog? Oh God. Yeah. A big question. And he goes, well actually an all beef hotdog is better for you or cleaner than getting like a Turkey dog. I said, what? How is that? He's like, 'cause then a Turkey dog, they roll in cartilage. I don't know if they still do. Allegedly. Allegedly. Oh, okay. Okay. So I felt like I had sort of the inside line. You Didn't have an inordinate fear of getting sued by I know. Just Categories. Hypochondriac is fear of getting sick. What's the fear of getting sued? Who? Lawsuit. Yeah. Lawsuit. What phobia is that? Anti Litigious. Nothing Against Jack in the Box. Nothing against Oscar Meyer.


Well the best was you didn't even name Oscar mines. Just in general. Turkey dogs. I hope the Turkey Dog Coalition doesn't write me a letter season come after To me. Oh, I think we can say most hot dogs, yeah. Are just cram packed full of everything. They couldn't sell in another version. My grandpa used to tell me, he's like hot dogs outta Michigan. He told me Michigan had really high hotdog standards and not every state did. Now that probably doesn't hold up The Michigan hotdog standards. That's Exactly. That's which were really high according to him. Why would that be? Why it's so not specifics. Not in Michigan's not. I know they Have their own mv. Is there like A big German colonization there or something? Nothing wrong with the Germans. Well there's plenty wrong with the Germans, but we love 'em.


Okay, so you balance outta school and you come to LA in 93, you land pretty quickly some employment. This boggles me 'cause it's just years for me trying to figure out how does one get on this television set. But you were on the nanny really Quick. I got pretty lucky when I announced that I was gonna move to LA and try to pursue this because through that family I met a few people who were in the business through Cameron. Yeah. And my father said, I think you're good at this. My mother said the same thing, give it a shot. You're not gonna be going out there without knowing anyone. And my father said, I went to high school with someone who moved to LA and now he's a very successful casting director. Oh, I wonder if he'll set you up with a proper manager or agent. And he called the guy and I had some really nice head shots done in Oklahoma.


The guy was like, well, we'll get some new ones when he gets out here but decent looking kid. We're gonna Have him button up. Just one more button on that One button. Maybe you can lose the studious eyeglasses Character shots. Remember, remember that. Look I got holding a gun. Look at me bowling. But people don't understand this. Right? When you first moved to LA or If you were just in LA trying to pursue an acting career in the nineties or late eighties, you had to have these head shots showing you in different scenarios. Well help People wrap their head around you as all these different Occupations. Yes. I should not be pigeonholed. I can play a gangster. This is me and a karate. Gee. Exactly. Kar. Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know to check your sunroof first before driving through the car wash. Like you know to put the leash on your dog first before you open the door to go for a walk. Not that I've ever made that mistake and had my dog run outside without me, or scream his name repeatedly over and over and over again until I found him. Or you know, to check that the guy who asked you out is an arm cherry first before you agree to go on a date with him. Sage advice. Essential Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is intended for audiences in the US only. Savings vary terms. Apply Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


We are supported by Better Help. The start of the new year brings you 365 blank pages waiting to be filled. What do you want your 2025 story to be? Maybe you're ready for a plot twist or maybe there's a part of your story you've been waiting to revise. Think of therapy as your editorial partner helping you write new chapters and become the author of your own life. I know for me I want 2025 to be filled with a lack of codependency. Hmm. That's nice. Yes. If you wanna start your therapy journey in 2025, join Better helps over 5 million users worldwide. Better Help is fully online, which helps make therapy affordable and convenient. You'll have access to a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. And you can easily switch therapists anytime at no extra cost. Write your story with Better Help. Visit better help.com/dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HEL p.com/dax.


We are supported by Squarespace. Maybe you've got dreams of turning your hobby into a side hustle this year or find opening an online store. Maybe you wanna share your knowledge with the world and make an online course. Squarespace is the perfect partner to take your website to the next level and help you accomplish your 2025 goals. No matter what type of site you want to build, Squarespace can help you make it. If you're starting an online store, Squarespace makes checkout seamless. Their flexible payment options, including credit cards, PayPal and Apple Pay, make it easy for your customers to check out. And Squarespace has all the tools you need to create and sell your own online course. Start with a layout that fits your brand. Upload videos and customize everything with next generation editing technology. Create engaging lessons your audience will love. Then add a paywall and set the price. Take what you know and turn it into income. We use Squarespace to make our lovely website. It's incredible and it functions. It's pretty, it's effective, it's efficient And highly functional. Yes. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial and when you're ready to get started, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dax to get started today.


So that person knew someone who was a successful and legitimate manager. Oh God. And the The guy sent me out upon arrival, like three or four auditions a day. Oh, very, very lucky man. Doesn't happen. And also my family were like, we will financially support you for a year so you don't have to worry about pulling your own financial side of it. Which I should have had to do, but I wasn't waiting tables and doing all of that. I was focusing on making this work. Everything is aligned for success here as long as I show up. Did you avoid ever having to get a shit job here? When I look at your resume, it seems like you could have cobbled together enough income. No, I didn't have to do that. Wow. That's I know. Incredible. You're a unicorn but Lucky. Yeah, that's okay. You don't have to feel guilty, you just have to admit it. That's all. But I also just kind of lowered my head.


You know when you're younger too, I feel like you swing for the fences a little harder than you do when you're older because you can see how far you can fall. You're delusional in the best way as well. I maybe auditioned for Enchanted and then you got it. And when I look back now and photos of myself at that time versus you and it was to play a handsome prince who comes to New York, I'm like, of course you are not in running for that. They brought You In. I have skills. It wasn't that against you. Not a chance. When I look at pictures of me then I'm like, I can't even believe you went on that audition. You can't play a prince with that nose and that's skinny neck and all this stuff. Well I mean you're constantly trying to twist yourself. Commit yourself.


Yes. That's my point is I was blessed with some delusion. I had the same thing. I still do have the same thing. Yes. Which is like, I can do that. That creates some level of confidence. Even if it's completely false confidence. Yeah. It can be built on a house of cards. When I was young it was borderline, overly cocky, arrogant. Okay, I'm here everybody stop what you're doing. Yes. Gather round. What's that Role? I'll take it. But then you did, what's the role you should give it To me, jaws is one of my favorite movies of all time. When I read interviews with Spielberg at the time, he was taking chances and doing things you wouldn't normally do If you had more experience. He Was like 24. Yeah, exactly. He was so fucking young. But he talked about that when you're young you have a confidence that you try to hold onto if you're lucky enough to move through a career, but you're also like, oh shit, now I know how bad I can be or how bad the job can be or how far I can fall.


And so you sort of get a little bit more careful. I've gotten more scared over course of my career. I got more comfortable just being me. But on the other side, it's like there's roles I took then like Idiocracy, if that came my way, I'd be like, I don't fucking think I can do that. Yeah. And when you're younger you're just like, I'm just gonna give it my best shot. That's Right. You Have to. You have to take what's there. Absolutely. And I'm gonna go cinema secrets and buy a fake nose and I'm gonna stick it on myself and I'm gonna be Larry from the Three Stooges. But when you get older you're like, is it okay if I don't go on this? I don't think I'm the right guy. It's funny how it flips. They don't think you are when you're young. You're like, let me show them. And then people start believing in you. You're like, hold on, don't believe in me too much. I've done That before. I don't think there were guaranteed jobs, but I've said no to things that I think this doesn't feel right.


I don't feel like I would cast myself in this or want to see myself in this. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Which is a hard thing to do. And Then you feel guilty. In my case, you get superstitious like, well that's the beginning of the end. You have to take every opportunity and the second you stop doing that, the ride will be over 'cause you'll have gotten too big for your britches. That encapsulates what it's like to be an actor, this business. And obviously we don't wanna sit here and cry about how difficult it is, but you're like, okay, I finished that job. That's it. I'm done starting from scratch. They're not gonna catch me again. I'm a fraud. I'm done. I certainly felt like I was faking it. I still feel like I'm a faking it to be honest. Well I think you're really quite good. I think at the beginning I felt jealous of you. There were roles I'd go out for and you would get them. And then I was jealous.


So then I was hypercritical of you. 'cause I felt insecure and was pretty sure I could have done the thing that I was mad you got. But point is I've seen you be really fantastic on numerous occasions, As have I You and I think that that's just the actor's thing. You're just always gonna go, fuck, what's that guy getting Dax? He's doing this and he's so good at that and wish I could do that. And I can't do that. Fuck him. He's talented. I Don't belong here. I'm not worthy of it. This person is so I hate them. Did You go to an acting school or something? No. Me neither. I Went to the Groundlings. That's where I learned to act is on that stage. Yeah. Way more than I ever did. I was a mimic in high school. I would memorize standup bits and SNL sketches and do them at school and everyone thought they were kind of funny so they're like, oh maybe I'm good at this.


But that Was it. You didn't have a craft? No, I didn't go to the fancy school in Chicago with Christopher Walken and John Lithgow. So, but you feel like, oh shit. Well I'm just kind of faking it. But you do learn it along the way. Exactly. And that's okay. One early job you had that. I want to ask, what did you do on Party of five? I was on one episode of that show and it was the finale of I think the first season. But I had done a TV show called Second Noah with Daniel, Hugh Kelly did a season of the show. We were waiting to see if we were picked up. And then I was cast as this guy Griffin on Party of Five, who was basically that show trying to do what my so-called Life was doing at the time with Jared Leto, brooding, mysterious, good looking guy.


I was like, okay, well I guess I gotta get my Jared Leto impression down. I Gotta watch A couple hair I grow my hair up on and do a nice blowout. Were you Nevs love interest? Yes. She was watching me drink out of a water fountain. Oh. And I like walked towards her in a sort of sexy, menacing way or I was trying to be sexy. I was like, this is not me. And I was on for that one episode. But the character was meant to be a regular and in fact he was a regular. But what happened was after I did that episode, my other show got picked up and I couldn't do it. Oh. So I went back to that show. Were you in love with Neville? Like I was. Oh yeah, of course. Oh, she Canadian She Is. And a ballet dancer. Yeah. Canadian Ballet dancer. Canadian. Did they bring in a new Griffin? 'cause I recognize that name.


Yes. Do you remember the London Brothers? Jason and Jeremy London? Yes I do. From Oklahoma? No. So that role was recast I think with Jeremy. I Remember their love interest for sure. Is it He was on the show for a Long time. Several years. He should send you a little thank you card. Yeah, I guess so. Okay. So knowing that you think you're faking it when you get X-Men in 2000, is this the first time you're in the big, big leagues? Certainly the first time I felt like I was. Yeah. I mean you're there with people who you recognize from movie posters, right? Yeah. Excuse me, Take your time. Is there, oh There. It's water, right? Yeah. Yeah. Great. I'll join you. Yeah, Great. You can tell I had a little raspy voice.


Hi James. Yeah. So when X-Men hit, I felt like I certainly didn't belong there. It was Halle Berry and Patrick Stewart and Ian Macallan and all these legends. Geez, Hugh Jackman. No one knew who he was at the time, but then became a superstar. Did You feel sandbagged by the character, your cyclops? Here's what I'm thinking. I'm looking around. All these people have been doing forever and they're professionals and some of 'em are legends. I already am gonna feel like I'm a bad actor and then I'm gonna look at myself in my trailer right before I walk out and go Jesus fucking Christ. They're also gonna be looking at this one eye that's on my eye. Yes. I didn't feel like a superhero. I'll put it that way. Yeah. Ah. You know, wearing boots that are extra healed to make me taller. I was also the youngest of the group. I think I was 25 or 26.


Everyone was not much older but older. FKA and Pew and everybody. But also there was someone else who was cast in that role Before you. Yes. Someone already didn't make the cut. Right. So I was like on deck. That's scary though. 'cause they've already fired one person in that role. That would up my anxiety. I Don't think it was a firing thing. It was that person ultimately opting out of it. So you Knew you were a second choice Basically. Yes. Was that Jeremy London? No, it was another Oklahoman Nick. It was Nick nte. Is NTE an Oklahoman? Yeah, I Think so. Is it Brad Pit Oklahoman? No, he is Missouri. Raised In Missouri, but I think born in Shawnee, Oklahoma. Don't you dare take credit. I think that's right. He is a Missouri boy. I think that's right. Sean e Oklahoma.


She wouldn't have said it for no reason, right? Yeah, it was in there. Give us old Bradley, will you? That's too much to give you. Give us All Bradley. Come on. We gave you the Dust Bowl. You're already famous. Michigan needs Bradley. Oh my god. Yeah. So there was another actor that was cast and he had gone through wardrobe fittings and everything. So I was like, well shit, I didn't get that. But I'd gone back for callbacks like three or four times with Fmca. Okay, well I'm as close as I can be. And then when for whatever reason it didn't end up going forward I was called and then he asked if I'd be interested in going to dual role in the Superman returns movie. First Superman movie since Christopher Reeve Our Superman. Yeah, Richard Donner Superman. I was a big fan of that.


I'll say yes to that. I'm not Superman, I don't care. We shot that in Australia for a year. For a year? Yeah. Yeah. Fox Studios down there. Did you like It? I loved Australia. Oh I Love Australia. I just dunno if I'd want to be living somewhere for a year. My wife at the time who was pregnant and my son who was four years old, we all went down there together. Okay, that works then. You don't feel like you've paused your existence. No, No. To be on location. No, exactly. In a really important time as well. When it was seven, eight months and the baby was getting closer and closer, she wanted to go back. She was like, I wanna go back to my comfort zone. 'cause down there you can have different opinions on this, but they don't baby you really like they do here. Every time my wife went to see the doctor, which is like every two weeks or something to check on the pregnancy, you would get an ultrasound and in Australia it was like, yeah, you good.


Oh Wow. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Tap on it with your finger is like baby's doing font You. She was like, this is a little too our naturality for me. Yes. Yeah, yeah. But they don't treat it like you're sick. They treat it like this is the most natural thing you'll ever do. But yeah, even in England it's like you look at their C-section rates compared to ours, you look at the epidural rate, it's handled much differently. We've really medicalized it. Yes. Okay. I just have a couple fun. Throughout your career, you've been in so much shit too. I hope you're able to look back and go like, my God, when You say shit, do you mean like good stuff, good Stuff, good stuff. No, no, no. I wanna talk about the shit stuff. I think we're at an age where you can kind of look like, I had a really funny conversation with my 10-year-old Delta while I was in Detroit last weekend. We're laying in bed and she said, dad, what did you do before the podcast?


And I go, well Delta, I was an actor. You've seen the movies I was in. She's like, oh you're really doing that. It was really funny 'cause for the last three years I haven't acted. I just do this. And then mom is clearly an actor that's obvious. And I think she has some understanding that maybe I fucked with it for a minute. And I go, well yeah hun, I've been in, I don't know, 15 movies and seven series. You know, I found myself defending the fact that I had actually had a career as an actor. Was she 10? Yeah. Yeah. So maybe six or seven was the last time she saw me go to to a set. And you know, they don't remember when they're six or seven. I found myself going, oh no, I've been in like 15 or 20 movies and I've been in like six series. And she's like, what are they? So I'm listing my entire resume to my 10-year-old.


But I did have a moment where I went, yeah, you actually have a lot of things to say. I don't think you ever feel like you've succeeded in this business? Or at least certainly. I don't. No. That's woven into the DNA of this ambition. But We're both at an age and we've been doing it long enough that you actually can list things you've done for a while to your 10-year-old. And that felt kind of good. Oh wow. I really did do it. I have a strong case against what she thinks. And so when I'm going through your history today, I'm like, oh yeah, that was a huge movie. And that was a huge movie. Wow. That was a huge movie. You've really racked up quite an impressive career. I'm sure it doesn't feel that way to you, but in black and white it is. It doesn't eliminate the feeling of, you might not work again, but you look back and go, oh wow.


I don't know about you. But it took me a long time to get to that feeling, which is whatever your definition of if I've made it, I feel like this has been a success. Yeah. Yes. And I'm so grateful for that. That's hard to get to. Yeah. Yeah. But nothing like a child that's going to humble you. You An Actor. Sincerely. No, no, no. No. Mom's an actor. I'm like, hun. We just watched Hit and Run. It's movie actor. Movie mom Was in Is that mom's Movie? Anyways, hairspray, I'm deeply envious that you got to spend time with John Waters. Was it a spectacular experience? Yeah. I'm gonna break your heart here, but I didn't really get to spend much time with him. He was on the set much. Adam Shankman directed it. It was more like the Broadway musical. He came to set a couple of times.


He did a little cameo. Okay. But a very good friend of mine, his girlfriend, now wife, when they were still engaged, but been together for a long time. Wonderful people. All very open about everything. Turkey hot dogs Are great. Yeah. And we were at one of these Hollywood events of like GQ Minute of the year. Go ahead. You got Handsome Man Alive by GQ Magazine. It was probably that event. Okay. So you're at Handsomeness Man Alive at this thing. Thank you. You, you, you came right into my story. I seen the breadcrumbs you laid out for Me. And I was with my son, actually, who was at the time, 16, 17. I'm standing next to the girl, I've known her for a couple years, known him longer. And she had a couple drinks and he had too. And she goes, I have something to admit to you. And I said, are you okay that my son is standing here?


Like what's going on? And Your future husband? And she said, the first time I ever masturbated was to you and the movie Air. Oh Wow. I corny Collins. What? James? I can't imagine something. And ad compliment, of course. Great compliment. Oh. But of course my mind was going into the, That character. What? Wow. Check me out on Party of Five If you wanna beat off. I got long hair more the Prince. I bet a lot of people, The Prince first times was the Prince Could have been worse. Those Cyclops. No, it might have been freakier. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. But I just thought that was the strangest about the woman in a cool way. Also, it was kind of innocent and pure. Thank God we got that. I'm so envious. That's never been told to me.


It Has happened. My friend To Frito. I think there's a dude, imagine, I think there's a dude out there who has a fetish of watching an overweight man eat flattering out of a tube while he sits on a toilet. So maybe, no, I learned this today. But it enchanted. It didn't make the movie or the soundtrack. But you had a duet with Adina Menzel. Yeah. Is that intense? Like talk about LeBron playing one-on-one. Yeah. No joke. Weirdly, with music and singing, the sort of imposter syndrome wasn't as strong. When you come to LA to be an actor, you're presenting yourself as, Hey, I'm here. I'm good. When people don't know you can sing, the expectations aren't there. You were never declaring I'm a singer. No. I thrive in those situations where no one's expecting anything of you.


It's Like when you tell them on a set, like, yeah, I could juggle on this scene. They're like, you can juggle. Yeah. Do you think anyone's listening to the last three minutes or just still thinking about the masturbation thing? I've Moved on. Yeah. Because I'm still thinking about It. What you and what are you thinking? I'm thinking about her first And foremost. I'd love to meet her. Sure. But also, what an interesting thing to say to someone in front of your boyfriend. He was in earshot as well and Right. I find there must haveing interest that he can hear that come out of her mouth. Yeah. That will stop him in his tracks no matter how engaged he is with somebody else, obviously. And I saw his head on a swivel when she said it turned, Who wouldn't?


It almost feels like a move. I'm not sure that he knew this information. He turned and smiled. It was like, what is my girlfriend Saying? Exactly? And she's like, I'm sorry. I had to tell him because it's just so sweet and innocent. Yeah. Oh, you sweet and innocent masturbation story. Yeah. This is wild. Plus you have to see her again. And then do you think about it when you see her? Did you then masturbate later that night at the thought of her? Yeah. I mean this is, there's lot circular. I have so many questions About this guys. I just want to be on record applauding that she told you that. What a Gift. Well, and it wasn't steeped in shame or anything like, it was like, Hey, This Is funny, funny story. You're not gonna believe It. I never thought I'd meet the person then I first, this is funny.


Yeah. And I was like, good for you for just coming outta the gates and saying that we were friendly, but we're not best friends. But the way she was abandoned, just like un unapologetically saying Abandoned. Yeah. Yeah. Big time. Hilarious. Like If you were director. Hilarious. Is that hilarious. Scene is like the director had just told her, throw it away more. Let's take that back. This is nothing. Yeah. Just Throw it away. Oh yeah. When you did the corn. Oh my God, I almost forgot to tell you this. Yeah. The first time I ever missed her. I was watching you. Really Good. See, that was good. I just throw it away More. Don't do that for Delta so she can know You're a great actor. How dare you. Don't bring her up in a Sentence. One more for fun. Do whatever you wanna do. Okay. Whatever. You were great on 30 Rock. We're gonna have to move on. Monica. Sorry. At some point you were great as Liz Lemon's lover.


What an honor to be able to be Tina's. That was fun. That was another moment though. It was like, was this mistake? There were moments where I'm like, all right. Right. I loved the Enchanted role. I can do this. I've ripped a little bit off of movies in the past that I saw that was like, who came in here before me? Matt Damon, John Ham. Oh boy. All these guys. And Tina Faye. And that show is a masterpiece of comedy writing. She's Intimidating. The whole Experience is intimidating. She's lovely. Had you done Anchorman yet, or no? I Don't think so. Because To me, stepping onto the set of Anchorman two as a non established comedian that didn't come from a comedy school, coupled with they've already done it together. Yeah. This is like a double fucking whammy.


This is one of the roles that you blew my socks off. Oh man. You're so Fucking confident. You look awesome in that era. By the way. If you had to live in an era, you look so sexy in that first scene where we meet you. Are you an all white or something? A light Blue Suit? Those are fucking blown out hair. Your hair looks, yeah. The blown Out, blown out hair sprayed As well. And A lot of like flicking your wrist with the watch. You completely hold your own with a handful of the greatest to ever do it. Were you shitting your fucking blue suit? I was nice of you to say all that. Comedy was always something that really ignited me. I never really felt comfortable being a beating man guy. It was always looking for the character roles.


I wanted to be a character actor. You know? I would hear back from casting directors, well, they don't know you're funny. Do you feel like you were trapped in Romcom jail for a second? I was more afraid that I was getting trapped in the other guy thing where I was like the other guy who gets chole. Is that it? Oh right. Yeah. Yeah. The good guy who she cheats on with the other guy. X-Men The Notebook. Oh My God. The Notebook. Right. Oh my God. I forgot. That's the first time you masturbated I, I think you told me. Okay, We'll circle back around to that. Is that what you told me yesterday? No, no. It was to Ryan though. Let's be honest. Let's be honest. That was my first time masturbating. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I was becoming known as the guy. Like you cast him.


Even Superman returns. Superman has left. I totally understand why you would be afraid of that. That's like nice guy. Yeah. Like nice guy. That fire isn't there in the relationship. Well, you like him enough that you feel bad he got dumped, but you don't like him so much that you're not still rooting for the girl to dump him. Yeah. That's an Interest. And I dunno what this says about me that I'm like, yep, give it to me. I got a fucking buffoon. He doesn't win. Right. Okay. This is my comfort zone. You're Saying he doesn't get the girl. Oh look. No further. Terrific. Hey, let's keep the expectations set. So So then 27 Dresses Your Pump. 'cause that's an enormous hit. Huge. Yeah. That was really what I felt like was my first rom-com. Anne Fletcher, who was one of the choreographers and very good friends with Adam Shankman on Hairspray, came in one day while we were filming Hairspray and said, Hey, I just got my first movie.


I'm gonna direct. And I said, fantastic. What role am I playing? Making a dumb joke. And she laughed, laugh, laughed. And then the next day she came in and she's like, you know what? You should be in this movie. And it's with Katherine Hegel. She said, well, I wanna bring you in to read with her If you can. So we did a whole reading and everything and then we made the movie. It was cool. And it was an enormous hit. Yeah. When you're making something that's gonna be a success or people are gonna talk about for a while, do you know that when you're making it? I don't ever know. When we were making the Notebook, it was like, I think everyone's really good. But this could be a sch small seed. I iconic bad. And then 27 Dresses is the same. This is probably just gonna be your formulate. It's Gonna make $38 million and go away. Yeah. As most of them do. And then it's an enormous global hit. And then Westworld, and I think I'm a little late on the train on Westworld.


I think it had already had all the hype and the acclaim. It is still the most watched first season of an HBO show of all time. It was just a Goliath hit That felt like something special before we even showed up on set. 'cause it was talked about, like it was, it was like, this is Nolan. The budget's gonna be crazy. Anthony Hopkins. Yes. At Harris. This is all the markings of this is gonna be guaranteed. And the first season of the show was pretty transformative. It was a very cool thing to be a part of. The only other first season, I would say is as flawless as Jonah's new show. Fallout. Yeah. Every episode is a fucking banger. It's almost impossible for the first season of a show to be that way.


But Westworld, that first season is just a masterpiece. I just felt like I was along for the ride on that one. You're really great in that. Did you get on with Jonah? We interviewed him and I really fell in love with him. I think he's the coolest dude. Yeah. Well, you guys chatting. There's my masturbation story. He seems Ian or was He? He's Chicago. Yeah. He has that vibe by way of England. Great man. And Lisa Joy, his wife. Sorry, I don't wanna leave her off. They Write on these and wonderful people. Intimidating. Intimidating because of his intellect. But he doesn't present As that. No, he doesn't. You guys probably talked a lot of car stuff. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Well, he rolled up in a aerial, Adam. I was like, you're the only person that's ever done this. And you'll be the Last. I remember going to Fontana for some carting out there with him. Oh, wonderful.


Yeah. Yeah. Great guy. Midas touch. Brilliant writing. Always curious about what hasn't been done before those Sets. Where were you? That's still the most impressive world I've ever seen created. Yeah. We were Santa Clarita. Santa Clarita? Yeah. For the most part. Lake Piru. Oh sure. Wow. I've shot so much up There. Melody Ranch. But that was the really special experience. It was another one of those. I didn't feel as Surefooted as I'd liked to because the show was so, such A high level. Yeah. Everyone was perfect. There Was a scene in, I think the fifth or sixth episode. It was me, Anthony Hopkins and Ned Harris. And the scene was between them. Make no mistake. I was on the verge of dying as I usually am on the show. Sure.


Bleeding out. You Probably died more on film than anyone else. Probably. Whether it's actual death or just being dropped by or cockled the other woman. Yes. The death of the relationship. And Ed and Anthony, they were like, can we talk about this scene a bit? 'cause it's a long one and it's the first time we meet. And Jonah was like, yeah, let's all get together. So the four of us got together. You're Like, I better get in here too. Yeah. Why the fuck am I here? I'm pretty sure that when I come to life for one second and just, I think I stabbed the table with a knife or something, and then just go back to sleep. I'm happy to sit here and just listen to you guys. But they were talking about the scene and Jonah has this really beautiful way of answering your question without really answering it, but I think he did answer the question.


But to us it was like, that was the most abstract. I think he started talking about something about the, the Sistine Chapel. Oh, sure. And If you look inside the robe when Mess this up, I, 'cause it's God's robe, but you see the human brain inside. Oh. Oh. And he told this really beautiful, elaborate story. An allegory. Yeah. Excuse me. We're right in sync. Yeah. I need to drink and clear my throat. Yeah. At the same time. Need to. Yeah. Let's do it. Monty, do you feel left out? You're not drinking Voice Podcast. Podcast water. Do it. You need to blow your nose or anything? No. Oh, look at you. Thank you. So I can be a part of this. Yeah. I don't want you to feel left out.


Take a big long sip now. Cough. I'm good. Could you cough A little bit? It's the most water I've drank that Time of Beer year. Three weeks. Okay. So he gives this kind of abstract Allegory. I remember walking out with Anthony Hopkins and he turns to me and he goes, well, I still don't fucking know what the scene's about. Interesting. So that made me feel better. That's good. Okay. Okay. He doesn't even get it. I've never met or worked with Ed Harris, but I have a hunch, and I want to ask you. So I have worked with a single actor, which was beyond unique, Robert Duvall. It didn't really matter how he modulated. It was true every time in a way that I just have never experienced with another actor.


And I've worked with great, great actors, but there's a couple folks that they just cannot sound anything but true no matter what the adjustment they're given is. I feel that Ed Harris is that person as well. For sure. Tell me about being in scenes with him. Does he just suck you into his bubble? Well, yeah, in a great way. But also not so much so to make you feel like you're anywhere near as captivating or as good. But you do feel like, all right, I've gotta pay attention. I've gotta pay attention. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Be really present in this. You can see him do something different every time. But the gravitas and the focus, all of it was just effortless. It was just like, he's not acting.


I am acting. Yeah. Right. Exactly. Exactly. I'm acting. Exactly. I'm acting like a character. Yeah. I've Always said that. I'm making choices. He's existing. Yes. And you've been really nice to say nice things about roles that I've done and everything. And I still get weird, like, yeah, I don't know. I'm not great at taking compliments because I feel that way. And I'm not trying to discredit what I've learned or what I've achieved. But there is still that little party that's like, I'm acting. And there are people, there are actors. You call them actors. There's A handful. Yeah. Right. There's Not a lot. No. But those few, I think that's when they say it. You have it. Yeah. Yeah. That's what it looks like. Okay. But sorry, not to jump ahead. We're probably, maybe there're now maybe. Maybe.


Did you feel guys are so cute. You feel like that in Jury Duty? Well, that's the next, I Know, that's what I was saying. That way. Okay. We'll get right to it. So the next most spectacular thing in the world, this has gotta be the greatest thing you've ever done, is Jury Duty. God, we have to find out how you become willing to even participate in that. Because talk about a fucking high risk swing. I hear people Say that. I mean, yes. It was a risky highwire act. Let's just start with the most basic thing. That you're gonna go from Westworld and you're gonna be on a reality show. Yes. In case people haven't seen it, maybe we give a premise. They need to fucking stop what they're doing and watch it. I agree. This is one of the greatest shows ever made. I agree. There is one man who sincerely believes he's on a jury deciding a court case in Los Angeles.


But everyone else's actors, the judge is Ike Baren Ho's father. Yes. Who was a real defense attorney. Yeah. Yes. He's phenomenal. He should have been an actor his whole life. He wanted to be, he Got a late break. Yeah. He's Great. Yeah. And then this unsuspecting guy comes to find out that the actor James Marsden is also on the jury. Which, yes, I'm sorry. But when I hear that premise, I'm like, is anyone gonna believe this? I thought the same thing. And did your Fear go where mine would've been? Which is either A, they'll know me and not believe it, but I think more likely this person won't know the actor to act Shepherd. Did you have any fear that like, oh, this person might not even know who I'm, and that's kind of part of the premise. Yeah. I felt like if that were the case, that would be like a goldmine for comedy.


Okay. For me, making an ass of myself trying to get him to appreciate Know you are me and Delta. Yes. Because that role is what I'm way more comfortable playing, which is how do I make fun of what we do? Not in a disrespectful way. Point Out the vanity. Yes. The self-consumed, the Celebrity of it all. Yes. And the subtle entitlement that just kind of gets dropped here and there. Anyway, I just thought, oh, I'd love to just play this version. The Jut version of yourself. Yes. Imaginable. And It's for the most part, complete fiction. But the scariest thing was, what is this show? There were no comps. Yeah. But Joe Schmo, it was nothing like I'd done before, but my favorite show was a Curb, Larry Sanders show. You know where the feeling is?


You're not sitting here looking at the script going, oh, I said, and instead of the, and like it's gotta be verbatim. It's more like a, here's a funny outline, let's make it a scene play and play with it. Christopher Guest, he was waiting for Guffman and Best In Show and Spinal Tap. And I wanna do something like that where I'm in a room full of funny people who can get on that frequency where you're like, I see where you're going with this. I see where you're going with. And Anchorman two was watching those guys do that. The generosity. It wasn't Steve trying to steal the spotlight from Will. It was them complimenting one another, setting each other up, setting each other up for these jokes. And I was like, I want to do this in this sort of environment with like people from the Groundlings and UCB. And I don't think I was prepared for the other side of it, which was the choreography, the technical Challenge of the whole Thing.


Yes. Of the whole thing. But we were surrounded by really great people. It was Todd Schulman who did Borat and Lee Eisenberg and Gene Ky, the office. And David Burnett friend of mine had done a couple things with him. He's my closest friend. And he was like, I have this project for you. And it's so hard to cast because it has to be someone who is willing to poke fun at himself. People will know, but it's not like a superstar. And I'm like, yeah, yeah. Okay Man. Like this sounds like me. I'm Already comfortable. Do I lose a girl at any point? Yeah. How many times do I get dumped? Oh, in my sleep And I came in, there were scripts, but there was no dialogue really written because you, you can't, you don't know what he's gonna say. You know, you can set certain scenarios up.


And I thought the scripts were so fucking funny. Brilliant writing. And I was howling reading them going, oh my God, I'm taking a shit in his hotel room bathroom. Fucked it off. Trying to get him to take the blame for it. Some of the swings. I can't believe you guys land. And I was on punk. I Was thinking about you all the Time. Yes. When I was watching, I was like, I know how he feels. I've been in this situation a bunch of times. I'd argue it's the best acting you'll ever do in your life. Yeah. Thank you. That is the closest thing I ever got to like, I'm not acting. The laws of cause and effect have been turned upside down. The lines between reality and fiction are blurred. There's no second take. If you go too far, you've Fucked up the whole. You fucked up the whole thing. That's really insane. Really interesting. Third element in the room at all times.


That's exactly It. And what kept it feeling so real is everything you didn't see in the show, which was everything that was cut out. Each episode's, what? 25 minutes. We were there doing this with him for three weeks. It was five, six hour days of just being in court. Right? Yes. And in those five, six hours, you find little moments to insert the bit that's in the script. Outside of that moment you're fucking laying on the floor taking a real nap. You Know, in the deliberation room, not caring where the camera is. When you're acting in a movie, I'm always so aware You Have to be, I have a great appreciation for people who are technicians and recognize, okay, where's your light? Here's my space. I can kind of play in.


This was like free for all. Yeah. The camera guys are just gonna follow you around. Whatever you're gonna do. Just gonna be ready for everything. And they're gonna capture all of it in some poor bastard. Oh, it's gotta edit this together. Find The moments, reserves the biggest. Yeah. And I think that's where my hat goes off to. Those people that found the show and crafted it. They had the outlines in the scripts. We're like, okay, these are the moments we can shave the other stuff off that we know is not gonna be there. But when Ronald, God bless Ronald, like this sweetheart, Man, listen to me. There's a lot of gifts in that show. You're one of them. But you couldn't assemble a think tank and come up with a better person. I know. 'cause he was so kind and you never felt bad for him. He's confident, he's tall, he's fucking generous.


His Spirit is so, So likable, positive, Smiling and helping people out, but Not a victim. Right. This is something you just get lucky or you don't get lucky. The heart of the show is what a good person Ronald was. Yes he was. And that's how they sold the show to me. Which is, this isn't a prank show. We're not trying to make an ass of somebody other than me and the other jurors, but not him. This is what we were calling at the time, a hero's journey. And I was like, yeah, sure. That's a pretty way of Saying we're doing a prank show. Stay tuned for more armchair expert If you dare.


If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch member FDIC terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


We are supported by Prime Video. You know that feeling when you go to log into a streaming service and you forgot your password or when you have to switch from app to app trying to find the movie you wanna watch. Stop wasting time toggling between the apps and start watching the content you want to watch right away. With Prime Video. On Prime Video, you can add over a hundred subscriptions like Max Apple TV Plus and Paramount plus all in one app. That means more time watching and more time relaxing. I've got the perfect example. Arm Cherry favorite Matthew McConaughey is in so many of our favorite titles. You could have a Matthew McConaughey Marathon Day. Start with True Detective on Max, then check out the Lincoln Lawyer on MGM Plus and top it off with Romcom Classic. How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days on Paramount Plus. That's a good way to spend a day. You can watch all of those titles and more without ever leaving the Prime video app. I think I may take a little Nicholas Cage binge on Amazon Prime. Oh my goodness, that sounds nice. Oh, sign me up. Streamline your streaming today. Check out subscriptions on Prime Video.


We are supported by 23 and Me plus Total Health. As the year winds down, we often spend time reflecting on what's important. Well, taking proactive steps to take care of your own health is one of the most loving things we can do for the people who love us. And with 23 and Me, you can do just that With 23 and Me plus Total Health, you'll receive advanced genetic screening, giving you a lifetime of insight into your potential future disease risks. It can help lead to early detection and even prevention. It's a longevity platform that helps you be proactive about your health. With cutting edge genetic testing and biomarker analysis. You can create a health plan that is tailored just for you. As you know, I've been, we're both in this study. Yes. And I've been going back to 23 and me and ordering different results, which is so cool. It's all sitting there for me to do. Oh, That's so cool. 'cause we've done it before and we really loved what we learned. Also do it as a family or like as a friendship. It's really fun to read. So you get your results and you can read them together. It's fun. It is. Advocate for your health today. Go to 23 and me.com/dax for your limited time offer. That's 23 and me.com/dax.


So I kind of held the writers, the producers, everybody in check for that. We better be doing something nice here. 'cause my other concern was, we're fucking with this guy for three weeks of his life. That's a long time to mess with someone's human experience and to fool somebody. And you're gonna forge relationships and friendships during that time. And we're gonna lift the curtain. Yeah. And he's like, that was fake. That was fake. Yeah. And I know how I would feel. I don't even like a surprise birthday party. Right. Not to mention like, I think I'm friends with James Marsden and now you're telling me Maybe we're not friends or feel like a total asshole. You know, you've been bamboozled. Yeah. Chump. Yeah. So my struggles were, every night I would get on the phone with the producer. What's tomorrow's stuff?


We're hitting these moments and what do I not feel comfortable with? I was very firm on like, I cannot turn the screws to this guy any more than just the situation itself. Right? Yeah. Like I'm not going to make him the butt of any jokes. 'cause I just feel like that's where this show is gonna work is if we're not mean to this guy. Yes. And by the way, it's low hanging fruit and it's very tempting. You probably have to resist nonstop. There's a scene in the show where I ask him to do an audition tape with me to read off camera for me, which Really quick let that sink in. If you haven't seen the show non-actor, I think he sold either solar panels or wind, I Think it was solar panels. He's gonna be asked to act in a scene with you for an audition.


Now just imagine you who wouldn't zero acting experience being asked to act with James Morrison. What a mensch. That he's even willing to do it. Yeah. And he got so into it At the beginning of the show, he didn't really know exactly who I was. I think he maybe his time he recognized You. I, he's so kind. He recognized you and then actually did some research to help you feel good. He couldn't do that until we were done with the first day of shooting. Right, right. So we had a, a woman that was planted there in the check-in room or whatever. And this was part of the script. And Casey doesn't recognize me. This woman's gonna come over and ask for a photo so that he goes, why are you getting your photo taken? And then she took a photo and he still didn't say anything. He just kind of thinking. And so then I get to play with it and be like, oh boy, this guy socks over there.


And I thought they said Sonic on it. I'm in this movie Sonic and Yeah. You know, so I'm like doing that whole bit. And then he just completely innocent. He goes, oh, oh yeah, you were in. So I heard that was not a good movie. And I was like, don't fuck this up now because this is perfect. This is Perfect. This is what you were after. Yes. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. Yeah. He felt bad about that later, which made me feel bad. Of course. 'cause of already knowing what we're doing to this guy. But it was such a mensch, it's such a sport. When you tell somebody the premise of the show, you're like, come on. He had to have known What about the cameras? There's cameras everywhere. Well, he was told that we were making a documentary about the court system is serving Jury Duty. He just thought it was gonna be boring. And then just happens to be this actor guy who's also stuck on it.


And he's so self-absorbed. He's gonna stay and allow himself to be on camera is because he thinks this documentary might leverage. It might qualify for an Emmy or something. You know, it's some dumb reason. Like, all right, well I'll be on camera. There's normally I've got a quote. But yeah, I was worried about doing something traumatizing to him for the rest of his life. This hero's journey. You know, if you're celebrating someone's good character or their humanity, this is a pretty unconventional way of doing it. Yeah. Right. You're punching somebody in the face and when they don't punch you back, you go, you are a good person. Exactly. They were conversations about, he seems to be a good sport. He seems to be handling it good. And he talks to people afterwards and seems to be doing good. And I'm like, all right, well just keep an eye on him.


'cause this doesn't feel good to me. I love playing with all the comedy and everything, but I'm just worried that this guy's gonna have a breakdown after this. So every day was like, all right, let's be nice to this guy. First of all, in that audition scene, I could feel that the creative minds behind the show were kind of like, get him to act bad. But they weren't saying it was just a feeling. Well, it's right there. It's right there. Like you said. Yeah. They've writing, writing comedy forever. It's very obvious. This is the move. And I was like, I just can't do that to this guy. One, he's a great guy that I should be more like. Yeah, totally. You know? And two, you punch him below the belt. It's not level playing field here. Yep. It actually was way better that he was good. Yeah, it was great.


Yeah. And I got to play with him a little bit and like it's kind of all about what I'm doing in this. And then once we start, I'm like, Hey, can you adjust that just a little bit? Yeah. But I would always try to do it in a real way. You handled it so well. When you see in your mind this project that you're working on, the best version of it, you're like, this is what we're going for. I don't know if we're gonna get there, but if I see that and I just kind of follow that, then I'm jumping outta bed in the morning to go to that fucking courtroom in downtown LA somewhere. Yeah. But I also kind of felt like, well shit, I've really never been trained in improv groundling stuff. I feel like I can do it. 'cause I've been such a fan of that for so long. Yeah. But I don't know if I can, we had a boy, I don't even know if I'm allowed to say this, but I guess maybe there's a statute of limitations on what I can say.


I'll check after. Okay. Okay. But we had a test run. We do the first day and that's it. And the judge comes out and is like, we settled everyone. Go home. Just to kind of see, see practice. Yeah. Yeah. To burn it as a mulligan, a rehearsal, see if we can get to his first day. And the guy looked like he was having a nervous breakdown halfway through the day. Ah-huh. Sweating. Oh no. Because we did this bit where as he walks from the parking lot, after a little on the fly interview, he witnesses a woman pulling a stroller out of her car and she accidentally smashes the window of the car next to her. Well, it's all been planned, obviously. And that's the judge's car. And he witnesses it and sweet guy comes over and like, I'm so sorry, are you okay?


And she's like, yeah, I'm just frazzled. And I don't know what happened here. And he didn't know what to make of it. 'cause here he is, like now starting his first day on this documentary about Jury Duty and something really strange is happening. Then we get into the courtroom, judge leaves for a while, comes back with like a bandage around his hand. Someone like barrels, his father with a Chicago accident broke into my car. Did anyone witness what happened to my car? Someone stole my Eagle's CDs. Oh no. Oh my God. It was a hilarious bit. But he was shitting himself and like be red. It was a lot sweating. Yeah. He turned to me and he just looked like he was really, really panicking.


And he said, what do I do? I said, what do you mean? He is like, I saw it happen and the woman looked really nice, but I didn't know she would steal a cd. Oh no. At that point in my head, I was like, okay, well this is just a rehearsal and nothing's worth someone actually having a genuine Yeah, right. Coronary, right. Yeah. Yes. And I just went, just Maybe you go tell the bailiff I wasn't supposed to do that. I was supposed to continue on with what our narrative was. Yeah. And I was like, nah. Yeah, no, no, no. That was, that's, I of course was in that situation several times myself. Yeah. Tell me man, did you ever get into moments where you're like, I just don't think I can do this to somebody? You weren't deliberately mean By the way. Same thing. Often the premise was, and as the show went on and I had more leverage, I was less and less willing.


I can give you a great example. It was one of the last episodes we shot. In fact, it was one of the only ones we ever shot after it aired because so many people were watching it. They were naturally afraid I couldn't do it anymore. So I had a wig and a mustache and all this stuff and it was a NFL Celebrity golf tournament. And I got there on the day and I had my wig on and I go, okay, so what's the bit? And I'm like, okay, you're gonna sit down with this guy. He just cheated on his wife. You're gonna bring that up. Because they had been told you have to sit down for interviews at certain holes as part of this charity event. They were just all very mean. It was like airing people's dirty laundry. And I go, I'm not gonna do it. It was too late for them. I had enough leverage at that point. And they go, what the fuck are we gonna do? And I go, gimme 20 minutes and I'll think of some shit.


I convinced Jerome Betis to tackle me on camera, the bus, and then yeah, the bus. And pretended my back was broken and he believed it in panic. So that was funny. Garcia, they wanted me to talk about him being gay, which was a rumor, right? And I'm like, I'm not doing that. So I told him, Mr. Garcia, you're listed as 6 2, 2 20. A lot of young people in America here trying to grow up and be you. But we just shook hands and I'm five nine and I'm taller than you. So how do you explain that? Why are you lying? And it becomes this whole thing. We're standing back to back four guys defending his height, which is preposterous. I'm claiming I'm five nine. And then another guy who I had heard had one of the bigger egos in the league.


Every 40 seconds in the interview I kept touching my ear like I had a earpiece in. I'm so sorry. We're going to, who are we going to? And I would list players that were much lower status than him. And I kept cutting away. And then he kept giving up on the interview and I kept getting them back. I'm so, so sorry. That wasn't my choice. And I just do this over and over again. So you know, that's what I came up with. But I'm not bringing out their dirty laundry or allegations that they're gay or all this other stuff that again, is just low hanging. Right. And I'm sure that all of those guys are afterwards are like, ah, actually, you know what? Yeah. When Jerome finds out my back is not broken, he's delighted. Even for a second he's gonna get sued by some Canadian reporter in a wig. And It's celebrities. That's the inverse of what you are Doing.


Right. The other thing I was gonna add is I was also far more desperate. You're already at a point where you've had a big career and you're financially fine. That was my first time on tv. So I was also willing, my moral standard was probably much lower than it would be today. I remember having this conversation with one of the producers who had also worked on Bora, you know, all of Sasha's stuff. And he was like, if you're a really good guy, this might not be for you. Oh, Right, Right, right. And he didn't say that directly at me, but it was kind of like, this is fucking hard. How are you navigate getting the comedy people actually wanna see? Yes. It's at the expense of somebody. The nature of the show is that, Yeah. That's why this show was so awesome is Ronald just shined.


It made you love him. I was happy for him that he got to display what a wonderful, beautiful human true character. Yeah. I think everyone who saw it was like, I would love to be friends with that guy. That's a good person. Well, and that's what actually happened was we all became actual friends during it because he was such a good guy and fun to be around. There were moments where we were like, shit, I don't know if I can do this bit to him today. 'cause he's gonna kind of go like, whoa, that's an asshole thing for you to do right here. When we were just chatting about all of our favorite movies and Yeah. Favorite childhood memories. And we would have real conversations in between the bits that we had to hit that day. Yeah, yeah, of course.


And then you sort of draw him in and he draws You in. You do all the Awful things, which is gain someone's trust. Exactly. And then take a giant shit on it. Literally. Did you talk to him after? And were you like, Hey man, how are you? Okay. I mean, I was the most nervous when Ike's father turned to him and said, this is all fake. And for a split second, I saw his eyes kind of go dark and scared for like a millisecond Trying to compute Probably. Yeah, exactly. And I hated that. Yeah. And I already knew what I was gonna do. And we all were gonna do was storm the box where he was sitting and just let him know. Yes, this is probably a lot to comprehend and to take in and process right now.


But if you're wondering if all of this was real, this was all real and we adore you and love you, the last thing I wanna do is like, okay, that was fun. Cool. See you out. Like gimme your number. Let's hang out. Yeah, yeah. Let's have a wrap party. I don't even know if we were gonna do that at first. Like let's have a fucking party with this guy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's perfect. Reassure him that yes, we took you along for a ride, but you are a shining star in this. Exactly. And here's what the show's about and it's about you, my friend, and everything about you that people are gonna love about you. We love about you. And so it was a love fest after that. 'cause I really was like, is it gonna be an insult when we hold up a check for 150?


Whatever he got paid. Like that lets us off the hook somehow. Yeah, right. You know what I mean? Yes. Can the two coexist? Can we find really, really funny moments and have this be a comedy and also be kind. Can we Be celebrating this dude while we're Exactly in an organic way? It was the tightrope of all tight ropes and it really landed hold it off and we would've hated it. I did not like the second Borat. I was like, these are nice people who trusted him and offered to bring him in to the house and now we're, yeah, I don't like It. He's brilliant at what he does, but if he's going into an antique shop and breaking everything in the antique shop, I'm sure most people out there find that hilarious. And I always go like, eh, I know you. But it's funny how when it's somebody you feel like deserves it.


Yeah. Or something. Right. Well, It's Justice. I'm more okay with it. But this guy was just so pure. Yeah. Okay. So Paradise. I took a huge gamble last night and started watching the screeners that were sent to me with my whole family, the aforementioned 10-year-old and her older sister who's 11, and then Kristen, you're the president. This is your second time being a president. You were JFK. Yeah. Have you been a president a third time? No, just two. Okay. It's a bad signal of your aging, by the way. That's Plenty. Right? Right. It's Like, you know when you get hired to be the president, you're like, okay guys, I'm not 30 anymore. Yes. I'm not going to prom anymore. Sterling K. Brown is your secret service.


And Kristen, within about eight minutes started going, my god, this chemistry is white hot. Really? I would want him to kiss the chemistry. So good. So first outta the gates was, the chemistry between you guys is incredible. He's so awesome. Yeah. He's something Else. What a fucking beast of an actor. Well, he's one of those Ed Harris'. Yeah. He's one of those like you were born to do this and I found my favorite male physique. Oh, circles all the way back and Adon The guy. We meet him with his shirt off. Thank God. Well you don't make me wait. We Like to hook him early. Okay. So right out the gates, you're kind of a rogue president. You're young, you're rich before you even got there.


You kind of want to coast through your next four years. And crazy series of events happens. We're now flashing back for a lot of it. But the true premise of the show doesn't even hit us to the end. And my kids don't do well with blood and there's some blood and I'm reassuring them, I think this will be the only blood. And then we're gonna investigate this for most of this show, which they were able to get through and then they were so fucking hooked that we had to stay up till midnight last night going on. Dan Fogelman wrote it. Who did? This Is Us. He did crazy, stupid love, incredible writer. The premise of this is so radical. How can you explain the premise in a way that you're allowed to do?


That's tough. I've been actually coached on this. That makes Sense. I assumed because You have to know that Dan Fogelman, one of his signatures is twists and turns. It's really an exploration of power dynamics, relationships, choices you make in life and loyalties. Speak like Nolan now and just speak really vaguely. The brain about the brain and the robe on the Sistine Chapel. I can say this, you're in a community that appears to be designed. It made me think of, I know there's some communities like Gulf Shores, Alabama, where it's like the whole thing was constructed to have its own convenience store and its own neighborhoods. Yeah. Little Pleasantville. That's A great one. It's very Truman show. It's very Pleasantville.


And it just has the greatest turn at the end of the pilot You see the trailers and it's like this is a political thriller and it's really not about politics. The only thing I didn't like about it was I'm watching how much you drink and smoke. And I'm like, we don't have this physique at 50 if we're drinking and smoking that hard. I mean, we do see you working out. So I guess you're pushing through like my, oh, speaking of which, Mr. Dax. Mr. Dax. Oh, that's pretty, damn. It's Pretty good. Pretty good. I Hardly he doing it. And I was like, no, this guy's got the rhythm. He understands the essence. He knows about the spirit. He understands. That's fucking really good.


It's a tough one to do because the hardest impression is the ones that everybody feels like they can do a little bit of Arnold and walkin. But that one's just like, how do you get the little extra bitch in there? I did this movie with Woody Harrelson and he had just done true detective with him. So he came to set with all these Matthews and I just soaked it all up and like, no, he didn't say that. Yes he did brother. He wouldn't believe it. He wouldn't believe he said they're best pals. Say what you said to Woody though. What did I say to Woody? 'cause I love that you smelled it out there. Oh yeah. He said, why don't we head on over to my a IR stream. Make it MAR Garita. It'll blow your horns off.


Blow your My gods off. That is good. Yours is really solid. Think yours is the only one that I've heard that I think is really spot on. I Just felt like everybody did it. Matt Damon's pretty great. He does one like remember. Yeah, he does one. But that's sort of making the viral rounds three years later or something. People like, oh you doing great McConney. And three or four months ago, I think Matthew posted it on his Instagram like, oh, Macon's kind of cool Mcc. I know he does it. I Mars and Mars's got that. He's gotta get check it out and do the ashes and the like. Like that's pretty fucking cool. All right, I'll take it. I Know I've struggled with the fact that I've kind of become buddies with him and I'm like, am I supposed to hang this up or am I gonna keep pushing? I've decided to keep pushing. I've even sent him messages as him.


He's got a great sense of humor about it. He leans into it. It's A green light. Well yeah, he's another one that's in shape. That's what made me think of it. Right. Because my first conversation with 'em is I said, listen, I'm overly obsessed with drinking 'cause I'm an ex addict and I've got a handful of people where I'm like, did they slide through? Are they the one unicorn? I go, I know the stories of you drinking and I know you're up at five working out. Do you just have some kind of constitution? He goes, yeah, I guess I got a constitution. Some of my favorite workouts, I wake up hungover and I push through and then you know, you feel that break and you're on the other side of it. And those are some of my favorite workouts. 'cause at night when I'm gonna go for it, I look in the mirror and I say, we're gonna go hard tonight, but you're gonna wake up tomorrow morning, you're gonna hit that gym, you're gonna do eight miles.


And that's how it's gonna be. He makes a deal with himself. And I'm like, yeah, you just have a fucking constitution. I didn't have it. Yeah, I slept till two. Some people can just do that. I think he's totally normal now. But he used to go hard and he'd show up for everything and he looked fucking great. So you're right, it could be done. This president could be McConaughey. I didn't think about that. Maybe he's got the waking up at five a treadmill. Get on the, get on the booty burner, burn off these hell bees and creeping around the wayside. I can't really describe the show other than to say it's fantastic when you pulled up. We were watching it midday.


It's a holiday so they're not at school. Well I can promise you. We'll H binged this entire thing within four, eight hours, it's a fucking banger of a show. That is awesome. I appreciate that. And I've had this tickle in my throat for three weeks. Ooh. A long time. Annoying. 'cause my voice is not fully there. It still sounds really nice. Well, and I just made you do McConaughey. You can kinda use the voice for that one. Do you Have a word that gets you into it? 'cause mine is, first time I talked to him, he came up to, maybe it's behind me. Mr. Dax. Mr. Dax. Mr. Dax. SS, isn't it? Yeah. The old Texas whistle really good. But back to Nolan, it has a lot of parallels with Fallout. A lot of these shows are starting to tackle in subversive ways, income inequality.


Everyone's got the sense it's like, wait, some people are living one way in this country and the rest are living dramatically different. And I think art's starting to tackle that in a not so obvious way, but in other ways. That's the answer I wish I had in my mouth. When you ask me what this shows me, because that's really it. It's class, it's power dynamics. It's giving everybody a snapshot of like, what if and is this happening now? Again, you watch the trailer and you're like, okay, this looks like a murder mystery. I'm laying there dead. The murder's a mislead. It's an appetizer. It's the backdrop. So it's a tough one to talk about for sure. Without spoiling it. Have We done Monica? Do you wanna watch it? Yeah. Very badly. Or she's like, I don't care. I don't know anything.


Neither one of you said anything about the show. No, it sounds exciting. Who's it? Sterling. I guess. Sterling has his shirt off. Titles. There you go. Paradise. I think I got that part. Paradise, Right? It's Paradise. Yeah. Well that's Son of a Bitches on Hulu. That some bitch. That Song Bitch. A streaming. So bitch on Hulu you can be streaming. Streaming. You can stream it, you Can Airstream, you can stream. Stream. Yes. On Hulu. Officially the hardest project to talk about. Maybe other than Westworld, This is your niche shit. You gotta go out and promote and can't. Great. And I don't have the brain to do it anyway. I can't tell you. I don't Know. So I have no answer for your question.


It's filled with some good twists and turns and there's a little lost in there as well. The audience is gonna be trying to figure out what the hell's going on through the whole thing. Is it a week to week drop or are they all out? Do we know? Let, because that makes a difference in a mystery. Maybe I smile Contact at the ulu. I think they're dropping the first two or three. Okay. And then you're gonna have to wait every week. Yeah. Which gimme your thoughts on that. I like it. I'm back to liking. Liking and I like it. I hate it and prefer it. Of course. Well that's we want to be, I'm annoyed. Right. And then I love that it gives me 10 weeks of enjoyment instead of one night. Something to look forward to. I'm Gonna sound really old now, but when you live in the world where you can just get it whenever the hell you want it, no one's being told no anymore.


Like there's a good thing to limits. Even in entertainment I think is a good thing too. Like you know when the Beatles came out, you didn't Get all their albums at Once. No. You didn't get 'em at once. Probably impossible to see them live. You Got a couple songs before the album even came out. Yeah. Like it built up to now I can go get the whole Album or movies back in the day where they would come out and you would've to wait six months to see it again. I feel like there's something about the psychology of that that makes us enjoy it more. Or you even think something's better than it is because of that. It's delayed gratification. Right. Which ultimately is always good, but If you don't buy into that, just fucking wait till March 28th, they'll all be out and then you can sit down and plow through option's. Yours. Yeah. You can do whatever you want at that point. If you really wanna fly through it However you want to consume it, consume it.


Well Mars, and this has been a blast. I love bumping into you. We As actors, I feel like we're kind of somewhat solitary lives or can until the award shows the events that everybody goes to, which is The weirdest place to meet. Always The weirdest thing. Yeah. It's like, oh, hey bud. Hey bud. And everything feels Contrived. A little bit. A little Bit. Well, you know, the most telling thing I walked away with after the Golden Globes this year is I just had this moment where I realized, oh, everyone I talked to told me I looked great. And I told everyone they looked great. And that's a weird thing. But everyone's nervous, they don't look good, right? 'cause they're gonna be in photos and then on tv. So it's like, you want to comfort everyone you see, you look great. And they're saying, you look great.


And then I leave it. I'm like, these are some of the greatest artists in the world. And what we're telling each other, we look great. This Is a little nuts. I imagine that must be insufferable. It's Just a lot. I think it's a good note. That is what everyone's afraid of. That's the insecurity at those things. I can only handle so much. I Wanna go like I'm in a tux. I don't even deserve that. I look the way I look at every one of these. I can't look good or bad. The Way you feel about that is the reason why I want to rush to your side at these beds. And they're like, this is a real human being. Yeah. So it's nice to see you outside of all this BS that we do. I didn't tell you, you looked great when I saw you at F1. Please don't. By the way, you always look great. I know. You don't Even have to say, I feel redundant to tell you No.


The easiest path to my heart is insult me. I can be honest. There's one thing I did think about F1 a few times I had this thought, I was like, Marson's kind of classy. I literally had that thought. I was like, I got you. He's like kind of dressed pretty nice at this thing and he's got like a nice watch. I think he's classier than than Me. He represented a watch That's classier as hell. Woke up in a dark room and fell into a closet. Yeah, it's a race. Why am I wearing a pent striped a Sears sucker? Because you look rat at Why would he? Yeah. All right. James, do your buddies ever call you Jimmy? Yeah. Oh, okay. So can I apply when I see you? Can I call you Jimmy? You may. I dunno why or when I changed that, I mean, name was always James, but I grew up, my mother and my brother sisters called me Jimmy.


And then when I got to LA I was in that phase where You wanna be serious? Oh yeah. I gotta be taken seriously. So I don't wanna be in the teeny bop magazine. So I'm gonna be James. Yeah. Little Jimmy Marsden. Yeah. I think the first year I was here, the projects I did do like Boogie's Diner with Jim j Bullock, which is like a saved by the bell knockoff. It was billing as Jimmy Marsden. Oh. So when I hear somebody say Jimmy, I'm like, oh, that person's known me for a long time. It Isn't. It just the most subtle way to reclaim and integrate who you were. That's what I think is sweet about it. You come here, you're trying to hide who you were. 'cause you're afraid that that would expose you as not belonging here. And then at a certain point you have some confidence and you go, I'm gonna start reintegrating the person I tried to distance myself from as a kid.


Yeah. I think that's like part of your journey as a man. Yeah. I totally see that. Why am I shoving that aside? I Jimmy. I'm not trying to be so serious anymore. And wasn't that silly? Well, Jimmy, I can away. Yeah. Jim, Jimmy, Well, Diaz Jimmy. Yes, Baby. Alright, well come back. This was a blast. I absolutely will. And hopefully have my whole full voice when I return. Oh, I can't wait. The whole interview will be McConaughey. Oh boy. I'll Probably, you might have hit that one out. Yeah, I'll Probably skip that. That wasn't riveting to you. No, I love It. I can only handle it in small chunks. She works with me every day and I'm constantly doing somebody's voice. You can't stop. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like her little brother and her dad.


It's very confusing. A lot of dynamics at play. Juggling a lot of identities. So you've got a frequency for him that you can kind of turn down. I I Oh, should you So desire fully Out. Yeah. And it's so obvious I didn't see in her face the second I've lost her, which is quite regularly. Alright, well be Well everyone. Check out Paradise. He isn't our care expert buddy. Makes mistakes all the time. Thank God. Monica's here. She's gotta let him have the facts. Do you feel extra press on your way to this award show to look extra stylish. That's a great, Does it feel like you look extra stylish Because of my big pants? You were wearing an inclement weather weather jacket when you came in that you denied was a rain jacket.


Look, I understand why you think it's a rain jacket Because of the noise it was making. It was a Yeah. Kinda windbreaker material ish. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I bought it vintage, so it could have been a rain jacket. Oh, A great. Yeah. Sustainable. Sustainable. Yeah. Doing Your part do better. Yeah. So BTS I'm going from this. Thank you. You, you rearranged the time a couple times, which is very nice. Oh, didn't mind one bit because You betrothed. Yeah. Kristen is hosting the SAG awards this year. Correct. The Screen Actors Guilds Awards.


That's right. And she asked if I could come in Once again, return Once again. That's right. 'cause she was the first host ever. 2018. That's Right. And so I, you know, wrote her stuff back then. And so she asked if I could come and do that Outta retirement. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Exactly. And do that for her. And of course I said yes. So we are about to go shoot a promo for it. Right. I didn't really think about being extra stylish because it's not a fashion campaign. No, but it's, I don't know. It's a shoot. Yeah. I I, yeah, I mean maybe subconsciously.


Subconsciously. Yeah. New group of people. Minimally. You wanna put your best foot forward? Yeah. I wanna be cool. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Well, I'm tired. Oh, great. Me too. Why are you tired? I'm tired because of a big ding ding ding. What? I started Paradise last night. This is for, oh, this is for little Jimmy Marsden. Oh, oh Baby. Jimmy Marsden. Yeah. Okay. The first three episodes are on Hulu. Oh, okay. And I was so in what a concept, right? Yes. I, I was so in, and then I panicked because I needed more. Oh. And we have screeners.


Yeah. Yeah. We are lucky enough to have screeners. And even though it is my stance, like with severance, that I don't, I learned quote, learned my lesson from only murders in the building and, 'cause I watched all of those in one night. No, you didn't delay your gratification enough. I didn't. Yeah. Because they only give you so many and then you have to wait a really long time. So I promised to myself I wasn't gonna do that with severance and I haven't. Good job. But with Paradise, I did. I watched all of it, except All of it. I didn't know they were gonna do the same thing. They always do this, it's not the end. Right. Again, I only have seven episodes.


Oh, oh, Oh, oh. That version. I thought you were saying that the se season finale ended on a cliffhanger or something without a resolution. No, there's eight episodes. Oh, we got seven. Yeah. Well, this happened of course with severance. Yeah. And then we, we started hounding Adam. Well, actually when we did the podcast, they offered to get us the, the remaining free. Oh. But then that never happened. Right. I mean, those are under real lock and key, I gotta assume. Oh, that brings me to another thing. Actually, remaining four. So anyways, we've been hounding him, leaving aggressive messages and I think they just came in. But they came in in a different screening platform, which every time Yeah, I know. It's such a baby thing to complain about. It's, but it takes sometimes 90 minutes to sign into these, these screening apps.


'cause you have to use the Google Authenticator. You gotta get a text. You gotta do a magic link to another website. Yes, you are on your phone, but you realize an email's come through and you need to see the email, but you follow the link through the original email. I know. It's, it's a lot to go. So you need like two or three devices going at once, all to say, I am finally in on Apple screeners. And it's easy, but the next batch are on a different one. Oh, okay. So that's almost been a hurdle enough for me to slow it down. Yeah. Well, not almost. It has been, I watched the first two, I'm caught up on severance. Right. And, But you're not ahead at all. God. It's good. Yeah. It's a goodie. It's so good.


But you love though Paradise. Nice. I love it. What A hook, right? Yeah. We ran into this problem in the episode where you can, can't really say anything. I know. So that's just frustrating for people. But I'll just say I watched seven episodes last night. That says a lot. Yeah. I think that's enough of a testament to how good it is. And everyone's great. He is great in it. Jimmy Marsden. Yes. Yes, of course. He Really, he Really, I told, I was saying, you know. Yeah. He's just legitimately good. He is. He's, he is very natural and he plays that character very well. But I loved that he was acknowledging, he's like, I just think I'm acting like, Yeah.


He's like, I'm always acting. Yeah. That Was really refreshing. Because you can also be really good, even If you have that feeling. Yes. You can let yourself off the hook. Yeah. I don't think everyone's having the experience that Dan Lewis and, you know, some of these others are having. I know. We don't know. Maybe he feels like that too. Dan Lewis. Yeah. Well, he is acting. I mean, he, Well, exactly. He, he's not even, yeah. There's no him there, if ever there was some acting. He's morphing. He's morphing. He's channeling, he's transcending. Yeah. He's got a liberal arts education. I wanna give a shout out to Lincoln. She, they had their last soccer game last night.


Oh. And they had a perfect, they achieved their perfect season. Wow. Zero goals. Zero. They didn't, they didn't Zero goals. Yeah. Zero. They scored zero times. And it got close. I got scared. There was a, there was finally a kick on goal last night, and it almost went in. I kind of panicked, like, oh, don't, don't mess up your record. Wow. And, but what's great is I think the girls too had a good sense of humor about it. That, you know, they, they joked about having a perfect season at this Point. That's funny. Yeah. But this, this is tied in because a good friend of mine who works at HBO was there and he was talking about having just watched episode eight of White Lotus.


Oh my God. And I had an envy. It brewed up in me. Yeah. Oh, he's allowed. He's gonna be killed. Well, he's, he's the producer. He has to watch them. Now That you said it, he's gonna be killed. This is an Easter egg for an upcoming episode. Yeah. Yeah. Truly Couple episodes from now. Five Or six episodes from now. Yeah. So TV's doing great right now. It's doing great. We're fine. We have some big shows coming back, which is a huge relief. Yeah. I felt like it slowed down quite a bit there. Sure. But we got some offerings now. Yeah. And I feel comforted by that. I do want to do 40 seconds of be naval gazing and then I'm gonna, I'll, I'll, I'll table all the navel gazing for some period.


But people, as you would probably guess, a lot of people felt very strongly with the point of view you were making. I guess it would be two fact checks ago. Aaron was previous fact check. Yeah. When we had our discussion about being authentic and sharing feelings. Oh, yeah. And versus entertaining and, and, and a, and a respite. So, you know, people supported us on both sides. Yeah. I support us on both sides. Me too. I only wanna be clear about one thing. Neither of us are pitching all sadness or all entertainment. No. We're both pitching some balance. Yeah.


And I think most importantly, people should know. There's no pressure for us to be making it anything. Yeah. Some people were nervous about that. My goal is for it to have the balance. It's always had, and I know it, it's your goal too. Yeah. We both have the same goal of having the balance we've always had. Yeah. And then we have differing opinions on, you know, sometimes to Me it will hopefully, and not always, but I trust that it will always strike that balance because of the nature of our dynamics. Yeah. So even when there's sadness or bad things or hard things, we talk about that. But then something funny will come up or something light will come up too. And that's life. And that's the true to us.


And so, okay. And then the last thing is, and I, and I've said this before probably in interviews and stuff, but I don't know if I've ever said it explicitly on here, there are people saying really heartfelt in moving things. Like, you have to understand, we value your perspective on this. It helps us process the thing going on. And I, I mean, mostly people are feeling that way about me not commenting or spending a lot of time on the election or, or the first week. Oh. I just want people to understand why that's my position. Which is I would never want a young dude who voted for Trump, who's a sexual abuse survivor, do not feel welcome here.


I would not want an addict that voted for Trump to not feel welcome here. Yeah. My, I just have a certain purpose that's clear to me. And part of that purpose is I don't want anyone to feel unwelcome. Yeah. And I think if I hunkered down on either side of the political spectrum, it, I would just be kind of dis inviting half the people. And so I hope people understand that's where it's coming from. It's not like just an abstinence or a, is that the right word? Yeah. Yeah. And I don't wanna talk about it. It's just, I, I want everyone to feel welcome. Yeah. That's, That's it for me. That makes sense to me. And If you, If you take it from the perspective of this is sort of an AA meeting type setup, then Yeah.


You would never, I don't think, say you can't come here. Right. Anyway, that was my navel gazing. Got it. Yep. I can move on now. Well, Back to Paradise. Yeah. Little Jimmy's fantastic. And now I feel comfortable calling him that after watching The show. After watching the show. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Did it make you wanna smoke and drink? No. Well, I already drank, so I got that one down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It did not make me wanna smoke. Don't tell you about my, one of my favorite birthday presents. I got what? From Matt and Laura. Oh. It's a wooden box with a glass face and a little hammer. And the glass says break in case of emergency. And behind it is a pack of camel cigarettes.


That's fun. Isn't that Great? That's great. What a great gift. That's a really Good gift. Really cracks me up and I like it. Yeah, that's, and I will break it in ca if like Something, If, if they go, the meteor is gonna hit earth in eight hours. Yeah. I'm gonna get it. Rip 'em out. I Know. I've been thinking about what to do in the last hour. Oh, If some bad event is happening. Yeah. Do I try to get to safety? Well this, like Jess and I were talking about the, or maybe we talked about it here also, but during the fires, we were thinking, you know who, oh, we said it with Josh on Josh Gads episode. Like, who are you on the Titanic?


Which person are you? Oh, right, right, right, right. Are you the person who's really trying to figure out how to get off? Are you the person helping arrange people to get off? Yeah. Are you those people who just, they're like drinking wine as it's going down? Yeah. I mean, we sort of said that was gonna be us. Yeah. I was like, I'll be playing the cello still. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I wonder, I wonder What you would do, What I would do and if I'm gonna try to like save myself or just like having cocktail, you know what, good ride. Yeah. Yeah. It's been a great ride for Eric and I. This topic comes up. And for Eric and I, it's always so simple, so clear to us.


How do you'd want to die? Just, you want od on opiates because you'd be feeling very blissful and then you just wouldn't Wake up. Yeah. Yeah. That's probably, and most addicts kind of have the same, I heard people, well, I guess I'd wanna I guess get shot that's fast or, you know, die that fall off a building or No, I, I don't wanna drown. I'm like, what about a nice gentle sendoff? I think that's the preferred, I kind of agree. Oh, I've done some doctoring on myself. Oh, okay. As I tend to do. And I think I was complaining about it in the last fact check. I've been seemingly sick for like eight weeks. Yeah. Something like this. And then when we were in Mexico, it's, the elevation's quite high, so my nose was kind of bloody and dry. Yeah. And then, and when I got back it was really, really bad.


And so I was like, how, what, what cold do I have? I was thinking, thinking, thinking. And all of a sudden it occurred to me yesterday morning, I'm like, oh my gosh, you know what might be happening? I started thinking of my nasal passages, like an anal fissure. Oh. Like I blew it out so bad. Hong Kong honk. You know, I'm really going at it. Yeah. Yeah. You know. Oh yeah. I know. Way, way too aggressively. We're like, I, I had my eye bulged out at one point in Mexico. Oh. Oh God. It's like, we gotta, we gotta throttle back on this exhaust because it's pushing on your eyes and whatever. Oh. So that it occurred to me, maybe I just, like, I have a lot of damage in there.


The body's sending white blood cells to heal it, which is snot. And then I'm honking that out a second. That, and I'm just in this endless, endless loop of trying to repair. So yesterday I am like, you're no longer allowed to blow your nose in Monica. Of all the things I've done, quit cigarette. You know, anything. This one's crazy hard. What about, because I've been blowing, it's definitely a tick now. Yeah. It's definitely like anytime I feel it, I have to do it. Yeah. It's a thing. Yeah. And I have to just not blow my nose. Wow. I of course did have to blow my nose. 'cause it's still building up. That's What I'm saying. Cabin twice a day. This is, I probably hit it about six times yesterday.


Oh. But down from probably 600 the day before. Yeah. And so, and I'm only allowed to basically go look. Hmm. Like, if I have to blow harder than that to get it out, I'm not allowed. Oh, I see. Yeah. So that's, I can even just like talk a lot and say, hopefully I'll just, you know, it's like cheat. And Are your worried stuff's gonna start coming out? Of course. Yeah. And guess what? It's not. And already it's stopped. It's not dripping as much. Wow. So I really think thus far this diagnosis might be on. I think that's good. Yeah. Is it bad to have tissues right there? That feels very taunting. Right? Like a little mirror and a straw. Yeah. That's not very, you should, we should move that out.


My Old friend. I'd be so happy to say goodbye to that old friend. I mean, we do, we've talked about this. You are obsessed with the tissue box. Like, for you, that's a, that is an indicator of whether it's it's a nice hotel or not. Oh, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. Well, it's, yes. And I've never noticed it. I never notice it. It's also, it has reared itself in like, photos I'll take in post. And I think people sometimes call out. Like, I, it looks a little perverse to always have a box of tissues with you. Oh My. It looks like I'm always like about to or just finished self pleasuring. Do you have a deviated septum? Yeah.


Go to show what an attic I am. Like I can even get addicted to like blowing my nose. I am proud of you for noticing and stopping. And I will say I am grateful. Grateful. It's a lot to cut around. And I, and on video, it wasn't an issue before, but now we're seeing it. And so I do have to tell, I I do have to make it clear, like, never be on a shot. You just, you can never be on a shot when Dax is blowing his nose. I've made that clear. Oh, okay. That's one of the edicts to the editors.


Okay. It did just make me think. You don't, you almost never see anyone blow their nose in a movie. Yeah. Unless they're playing Exactly. Super sick. Sure. And it's very Chuy. And they're over the top. They're like tongue acting with their nose. Like Yeah. They're like this. They're like, it's like uhoh. Oh honey, did you bring up, did you bring the their No. Their voice is always like that. No, I didn't. I was un I wasn't able to stop and Get it. Yeah. You know, it's more of a You booked it. I booked it. You booked it. Co commercial. No, thank You. Thank You, thank you. That was good. And occasionally you'll see this too, you'll see in a movie, you'll see a woman go into her purse. And then Of course it, she's very sad. She's very sad.


But I can't think of a time I've seen Robert de Niro blow his nose. Is it really unsettling when, when you've seen it on video? 'cause obviously I've never seen it. It is it like my drumming. Face it. I Don't like it. It's a cat. It's a bad look. I, I mean, no one wants the, it's like you just said, we don't see it. So it's very, it is like, I'm not supposed to see that. Right. It's like someone wiping their butt and It feels like, oh wow. He just like, really just doesn't give a fuck. Okay, sure. You know, there's like some subtext to it too. Like he just really doesn't care. But that's not it. Of course. It's just that you're in the zone. Yeah. And I'm pretty sure it's gonna start rolling outta my nose if I don't Give it.


But it is a tip I have noticed. And I do think it's gotten worse, worse, worse or more. I wouldn't say worse, but, well, I think it's okay to label. So things Worse. Well, more. And so I'm, I'm, I am personally delighted It, the, this, the human battle just doesn't quit. Yeah. It won't end. It's, I wanna give you compliment. I think you often in life come to the right conclusions about things. But I do think it takes you a long time. But I only Sure in this case, like two months. I gotta be uncomfortable and miserable for a while.


Right. Yeah. I I just think you do get there. Like, I have, I do know this as a pattern. Again, I was talking to Jess, obviously. Well I did something sort of mean to him. 'cause he is my brother, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, wow, this is such a ding, ding, ding. He has this amazing job. He runs this business with this other guy and it's a service business. He teach, he goes to restaurants and teaches people how to service perfect service. Yeah. And it's incredible. And it's doing so well. Oh, That's so good. I'm So proud of him. That's great. It's really awesome. But you know, when he, he does use like classes for them and he's Jess, like, it's very like Yeah. Animated and loud. And it's An improv class.


Yes. And he is very on for all of it. So he is struggling with his voice. Oh, That's great. And, And he's been complaining about it a lot. And so I said, well, what are we gonna do? We should like, you know, Grether, I also offered that here. Throw co, throw co maybe a medicine. But he's just been complaining a lot about it. Understandably. And this is where my impatience comes in. Sure. We were gonna hang out. So we FaceTimed and the first thing he said was like, oh, my voice. And I said, well, I can't hear that again. And I am lucky.


I'm lucky, but I also, this is the conversation I wanna get to. I know he can take that. And he did. He just like sat there for a second and, and he said, okay, I am fixed. And I said, I'm not saying that, but also like we do need to figure it out. Yeah. Right. Or Yeah. It's Time tot complain anymore. It's Time to get into solution, as we would say in a, Exactly. This is one thing I love about him. He like brought that up as a positive thing. And he was, and he said, I feel, I feel really lucky that you feel you can be that way with me. Or say a thing That is true. Yeah. And he said, do you do that with everyone?


Yeah. 75% is the same, but there's like a 25% that's adapting to who I'm around. Yeah. So I'm not saying that phrase to everyone For sure. And, but I would, I think it, I think it, I would argue it's, it's pretty gendered too. Oh. Like, I think your dad gets it. Your brother gets, mom gets it, gets it. Jess gets it and Yeah, your mom gets it. Mom gets, So that's four, four to one. It's Family. Yeah. I guess I would say, although I would never say that to Kristen. I Feel that. Right. Right. I've made this point before.


I am able to speak to young men in a way. I just wouldn't, I wouldn't speak to, you know, previously I think I've told a story is like my friend who I adore, Jay, who's like, would wash my razors and stuff. Yeah. And he would list all this stuff and I just went, I him like, listen, this is how you'll win in life. Just make shit disappear. Don't try to get any approval for it. Just make problems. Go away and you will fucking own a company. Right. Yeah. Like, I'll just, but I wouldn't, I can just be that way to dudes. I don't know. Well, 'cause we were talking about another friend who I won't name. He was asking would you say this to her? It was a girl. Yeah. And I said, no, definitely not. That that person is, is very sensitive.


Yeah. Like, I know them. And I, but I would say something, I would say like, well what can we do? Like what can we do? How can I help? Something like that. So I'm still the point is the same. Yes. You just have different bedside manner. But Do you think you do that? Do you, do you think you're 75% one thing and then you adapt? Or do you think you're like a hundred Always? I was just talking to this. It's adjacent to this, which is No, I think I am, I think I'm kind of overly soft when I, I will always say my thing. It's not like I'm, I'm a people pleaser. Yeah. But I have been in a position many times where I have to give notes to people who work for me.


So I have gotten very good, I think at laying out notes in a, in a positive way to the degree that one of the first habits I had to break when I was messing around with AI is I would go generate an image of a van in the blah, blah, blah with the blah, blah, blah. And it would come up and, and then I would go, I swear to God I was doing this like the first 20 times I used it, I was like, really great start. This works. This works, this works. Yeah. Now could you add blank? And after about five, I was like, oh, I don't need to fucking say any of that to this thing. Let's go like, make the wheels bigger. Yeah. Next thing make 'em taller.


No gr But I was saying great job to ai. Yeah. Well Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare. There


We are supported by SKIMS. You know, I was just in my SKIMS tank top last night, taking a little snooze. Wasn't it so cozy? Everything is so soft and so comfortable and so cute. You know, I have a bunch of their products I've, I've acquired over the years and I love them all, all for different occasions. I have that gray dress that I really love that I can dress up or down. Sure. Take your pick. Yes. I have the jammies. I have the brass. The bras are really something special because it's really hard to find a good, comfortable bra that's also chic. And they have a really good one. The fits everybody t-shirt, bra. It really does fit everybody. I have gifted this and big hit, it's a Big hit. And I wear the tank tops when I go to sleep. I couldn't be happier. Shop SKIMS, best intimates, including the fits everybody collection and more at SKIMS dot com and SKIMS stores. After you place your order, be sure to let them know we sent you select podcast in the survey and select our show in the dropdown menu that follows. And If you're looking for the perfect gift for your valentine or for yourself, SKIMS just launched their best Valentine's shop ever available in sizes for women, men, kids, and even pets.


That brings me to something that I'm afraid to talk about. 'cause I do not wanna hurt anyone's feelings in my life. Okay. But I also find it the, the punchline of this is just too comical to not say in public. Okay. So there is a bit of a gender divide right now in our pod about how nervous men are about the air quality and how nervous the women are. Mm. And I know there's a lot of chains going on about different air purifiers and whatnot. And so Kristen's quite concerned about the air quality. Yeah. She is. She's reading a lot about it. I thank her for that. For our family's safety.


And also every day more air purifiers arrive to the, to the degree that when you enter our house, it's like going into the reefer unit at a Costco. Yeah. It's like, like it's, we've got, we got six of 'em that filter out this particulate at 0.01. We've got a handful in the corners that are doing 0.003. They're all running. Yeah. It's, it's like there's a hum in the house. Sure. One of 'em was on auto and in the middle of the night, I think it thought there was a biological weapon went off in the bedroom. 'cause all of a sudden it was like there was a jet engine going on. Oh wow. I was like, what is that? And then I'm blind and I'm trying to fucking turn it off.


And I got, so this has all been building and then there's some concern about water that has gotten in the water. All of this, this, this has been escalating and there's more and more air purifiers and, and we're, we're trying to navigate it. She knows I'm not Yeah. She'll even say like, I'm afraid to bring this up. Yeah. But Right. So it's, but we're getting through it and I think it's going pretty well. And then I had overheard that, you know, we have these OERs to cool you down in the bed. Yeah. And I had heard Carly was going through and running peroxide through all of 'em, but I use distilled water, so I'm not actually nervous about, okay. So when I saw that this was going on, I was like, you know, you just stay right out of it.


So last night I go to go to bed. Yeah. And I turn on the ula and it's making insane noises. I don't know what I'm hearing. All kinds of weird new noises. And then I'm realizing, oh, the, the little water capsule wasn't set in correctly. So I get that going and, and now I realize, oh, it's out of water. 'cause maybe the peroxide thing. So I'm filling it with water and it just keeps making all these noises. All these noises. And I can't figure out what's going on. And then at some point I can hear gushing water. Oh no. And Oh God. I'm like, oh my, what's going on? And I pick up my pillow and where it goes into the bladder that has been torn at some point in this cleaning.


Okay. And it has just pumped a gallon of water onto my bed. Oh, no. And, and I was really tired. Yeah. And I, I saw that. And, and poor Kristen saw that, and I'm sure she immediately was like, oh no. Of course. She worried that I've done, I I just walked into the bathroom and I, I leaned over the sink and I said to myself, she's trying her hardest to keep the family safe. That's right. What I was really screaming in my head was like, just leave me, leave my things out of it.


I know. Just go crazy. But I just, I'm, I really have three. I need my er in my coffee in the morning. So I was being, I was, I went to self pity and then I said, stop, stop, stop. This is a human being who's trying her hardest Yes. To keep everyone healthy. Yes. She's, she is. And then I came back in and I was very pleasant. Nice. And I said, I'm gonna go sleep downstairs. Oh. 'cause my bed was soaking wet. Of Course. And I walk downstairs and I realize I can't sleep in the guest room 'cause that's where whiskey's fucking cage is. And whiskey wakes up all night long barking. And then I said, no, I'm gonna go outside.


Outside. Yeah. So I slept in the guest house. Oh, Oh, oh, oh, okay. Yeah. Yes. So I was sleeping in the guest house and I was thinking maybe I could claim this as my house. Okay. Now listen, listen, listen, listen. I I wanna say something to you. Okay. I understand all of this Both sides. Yeah, of course. Yeah. Yeah. I think, and I, this probably isn't the place to say it, but I do feel safer saying it here. I think you're feeling a real lack of control in your life right now. Oh, well, sure. Yeah. Yeah. From a lot of angles.


And so these things are very heightened. Yes. And anything is very heightened. And especially in our personal things get very heightened when anyone feels like they have a lack of control. Yeah. But especially you, because that is a, that's a, that's hard for you. Yeah. You're right. And I felt like I lost control of my bed. Exactly. Oh my God. I can't, I can't even count on sleeping in my bed now. This the self pity cycle. Yeah. That's goes Exactly. That's the thing. Like, again, understandably, that's like the bedrock of your trauma is not having control.


So, you know, a flooded bed where people who don't have that background are just gonna be like, oh, oh, they're, they'll be annoyed. Like, it's like, oh, now I have to deal with this. This is so annoying. You're probably not gonna go to, well now I don't even have a bed that's mine. I have no control over my Bed. I have all this stuff and nut and no control over any of It. And I live with dogs and I don't want to, I don't get to control whether I have allergies. And I, yeah. I started li you're right. I, I start compiling. But it's not outta nowhere. It's because there's been a lot of stuff that is, is priming you for this. It's just gonna get triggered easily until we can let some of that go. Yeah. Yeah.


I don't think it's a horrible idea to contact Mark. It can't hurt. It has never hurt. It's only hell, It just literally never hurt. Well, but I'm just saying, I see why. And that's coupled, it's all coupled. The timing's perfectly. I even said this out loud yesterday, said it out loud. I'm like, there's some huge growth around the corner. Yeah. But I can feel it because it's also, it's all coinciding. Maybe I already said this with me writing about something I was never gonna write about. I don't think I knew that. I'm at the point in the memoir where I am having to write about the thing I was never going to write about.


Oh my gosh. Like, I don't mind saying I was moted. I had no intention to ever detail to anybody ever on this planet what Happened, the details. Yeah. And so I've been for maybe eight days Oh my. Going through that every morning, you know? Wow. Yeah. That's a lot. So I think, I think that's in the stew, of Course. I think being made, I didn't even know that fun of in all these award shows is in the stew. I think there, I think there's, I think the fires are in the stew. I think the fans and the air. Yeah. I I think you're right. I think there's a lot. Like I'm, I'm, I'm spending time revisiting that apex of Yeah. Loss of will, The impetus of that really.


Yeah. And then all these other things are coinciding in a very sim like impossibly coincidental Yeah. January Way. Yeah. And so, yeah, I'm hanging on at times by a threat, but I'm very proud to say I haven't had any kind of blowups. That's great. I haven't had any fantasies about escaping. That's great. Maybe going to Nashville to get my bus. Oh Yeah. But that Didn't go, that was gonna be like two days of es you know, where I'm just driving a vehicle I can control. That seemed very appealing, but I, I flagged it as you're just trying to escape. Like you're trying to not walk through all this. You're trying to take a little break. There's the logical stuff and then there's what's really going on. And I think I did go, like I Yeah, you're just, you wanna escape right now.


Hmm. Well that's good. I mean, it's good that you recognized it. Yeah. It'll all pass. It'll all pass. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, I didn't know you were doing that. And that obviously is gonna be a, I dunno if that's how I start my day. I don't know of the order. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe you should do it at night. Yeah. But then maybe I couldn't Sleep, sleep bad. Yeah. But I've been waking up, I've, you know, I've been having like two hour chunks where I'm up at night too. Yeah. So, Yeah. I mean, growing pains, I guess. But also, it is kind of funny that you just brought up the fires because, you know, during CID at the beginning of Covid, you've said it that, you know, your goal is to reduce panic.


Yeah. With all of us who are panicked or, you know, like heightened Heightened. Yeah. And, and you are trying to bring that down. Yeah. You in some ways in doing that, you're like, it's not, you don't, you're not saying it's not that big of a deal, but like, that's like the energy, right? Yeah. And then, you know, a year and a half goes by and you set and you have the recognition like, oh, that did affect me. Yeah. Even though I was like, it's not that big of a deal. Yeah. I'm not. It did. Yeah. And so when the fires were happening, and to me it was like a little tangential. Like they were si it was a similar Thing.


Oh yeah, yeah. It felt identical. Yeah, exactly. The masks and the Yeah. Evacu easily. Oh Yeah. And the fear versus the panic versus this not that big of a deal. I thought like, I mean, in some time there's gonna be a realization Yeah. That, that had an impact. I totally agree with you, but I don't know if, I think it was covid that scared me. Yeah. But I do think living with people that had heightened emotions that were scaring me Yeah. Did have a pretty big impact on me. Well, No, but even just like the whole experience of it, the isolation. Yeah. The time together. That was so intense.


The, the, the unknown. How long is it gonna be? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like all these things that we just all lived with and, and dealt with very differently. And I do think some people immediately know the feeling. Right. Yeah. It's like they have the feeling minute one. Yeah. And I, and That's true. You're in a zone of I didn't cry over my dad until like four months later. Yeah. It takes a minute. I didn't cry over the USO tour until I was telling my mom about it when I was out of the situation. Yeah. Yeah. So maybe it's just now it's like catching up a little bit. I heard that dude shared in the meeting on Monday that he has this weird comedown.


He is like, oh, I don't know what the fuck to do now. I knew how to get the hoses out and I knew how to do this. Yeah. And I knew how to do that now. I don't really know. Yeah. This, you know, the air quality. I, I can't get a hose out. I don't. Right. Right. What can I do? Right. Other than buy a couple dozen 14. I think you have some you could lend. Oh, speaking of other something else. Uncontrollable. Well, Diarrhea. What? Diarrhea. No, I don't wanna talk about that. My friend's house was robbed. Yeah. Tell me about that. I am, I'm quite curious what happened. Were they home? Completely unrelated? No, not home, thank goodness. But I also, on purpose, I'm sure like I think these people probably were staking out the joint.


Yeah, yeah. Tasting the junk. Exactly. And so they knew they weren't there. That's preferred Of course. Yes. But unrelated to the fires, like, they were out of town for just a night. And what's really such a weird, sad bummer is she had just put all her irreplaceable items into a safe, A fire safe Because of the fires, obviously. Yeah. And they assume there was valuables in there. They whole safe took the whole safe. That's what's tricky about a safe. I know. You know what the move is probably to just leave it unlocked.


Yeah. If you're just gonna put memorabilia in there, like leave it unlocked so they can see that. Nothing. So you could still grab it easily, I guess. And if there's a fire, you hit lock, but while it sits there, you leave it. That's true. Unlocked. 'cause it doesn't need to be locked to be fire retardant. Yeah. Yeah. It can have the door shut without you having locked it. Hmm. That's a good idea. Maybe. I know. And Because I was gonna say, I don't really understand modern robberies because there's nothing to fence there's, unless the people have some crazy jewelry collection. Right. Or a bunch of watches. But like, all this stuff people stole in the eighties and nineties is like valueless in the secondhand market.


Yeah. You can't sell a 55 inch TV for more than a hundred dollars. Like, I'm not sure what they think they're gonna get. I think the jewelry is the big thing and Yeah. Watches, I mean, that's what they stole. And she even said, you know, you can have that stuff. Yeah. You can. Like she, there was one valuable piece of jewelry in there that was her wedding bracelet that was like gifted from a family member, you know? Yeah. But the rest of it is all like, definitely not things the robbers want. Yeah. And, and I said, Maybe you could put a note on the door saying, If you stole my stuff, can you just bring back these items?


Please. That's sad. Yeah. But she's doing okay. And is the husband now neat wanting to like arm himself and get a, he like He's not, but of Course, are they rolling with it or are they, I mean, they're doing okay, but they, I mean, this is always what happens in any of these circumstances where there's violation. You feel guilty. Right. Like, you did something wrong. Yeah. You did this and that caused this, or you didn't do this and now this happened. And it's the same. It's like, yeah. Are we're wired that way, I assume. Well, Because you wanna learn from your mistakes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know. But it's so unfair. It Yeah. You should be able to recognize it without the shame or the guilt.


Yeah. Yeah. I think they might, they're both struggling a little bit with that. We're reading the new unstoppable books by you all Ferrari at night to the Kids by, we Kristen's reading it to them. And I listen and sometimes fall asleep. Nice. But he was describing the scene where the sapiens might've seen a group of Neanderthals approach and because, you know, Neanderthals Neandertals were there and then they all, they went extinct or some got absorbed into dark jeans. Right. But in general, they were killed out. They were out competed by Sapiens and they were, he was setting, they're describing this scene, but also in the book, there's the Doo, I can't say the word, but these Doon people that were on an island.


So they got smaller. Oh, really? Tiny. Like two feet nine. Okay. This is a Easter egg for a future fact. Yes, yes, yes, yes. And I'm just laying there listening and I was thinking to myself how predictable we are. If you're a group of a hundred sapiens and you see these neander talls, you see 12 of them and they're bigger than you, you're scared. Yeah. And so you try to neutralize this thing. If the de noian had rolled up Yeah. They would've probably been kind to 'em. Yeah. And he even talks about, often they kill off the Neal parents, but then they would care for the kids or babies of the Neals because, and I'm like, they're not a threat.


I was like, girls, this is, this is the, like, this is the crux of violence is is fear Of Yes. You know? Right. Yeah. And If you see little people walk up on the scene, you're like, oh, get you, get you goo want some food. Come in here. Unless they are called demons or something. Like they make them a different type of threat. They could be miss. Yeah. Is outcast magicians? Yeah. Evil, magic powers. Yeah, exactly. So fact. James, the tallest and smallest women. Oh, women. Yes. Yes. Oh yes, yes, yes. They, I saw 'em again. They came up organically in my feed today Hanging out again. Same stuff we already saw. But it a tea party, but it was, it was back.


Oh. I think it's gaining popularity, I hope. Yeah. The world's tallest woman is Ruisa gel. Beautiful. Yeah. I don't know how to say it. And the world's shortest woman is Yodi Oji. Which again, it really sounds like a short person's name. I know, I know. Well, it just sounds cute. Yoti And like Yoda. Right. And Yoda's very, very small. Yeah. And to be fair, it's J-Y-O-T-I. So I don't actually know. Could Be Jody. Yeah. Or GOT or something. Yeah. They met in London in November for afternoon tea. Oh.


And Ru Mesa is seven feet 0.7 inches and Yodi is two feet 0.7 inches. I think it's just a miracle that they're exactly five feet apart. I Know that they're both 0.7. It's like how me and you have the exact same iq. Yes. Suspicious. Makes no sense. Suspicious. And this was from the Gen, the Guinness, through this Guinness World Records, obviously. Yeah. They're the only ones that could ethically host this kind of thing. Yeah. If it was baring and Barling and Brothers, Barning and Bailey Barnum and Bailey Barnum and Bailey are not allowed. You go, come on guys. Yeah. Knock this off. That shit's true.


We gotta retire that. That's true. But Guinness, you're like, get 'em together. Yeah. A couple world record holders. I know. I wonder what the volume difference was in tea. They drank. That interests me. They're so awesome. And we think they look like us. They do. They look quite a bit like us. Esa looks like you and Yodi looks like me. And we desperately, although I don't know that this puts us in the Barnum and Bailey category. Oh, no, no. We desperately want them to come to the, the garage and have tea. Yeah. So that we can all stand in a perfect line, linear line going up That's right. From Yoti to Monica to Dexy to Ram Mesa.


Yeah. Well, that would be a stunning photograph. I agree. You also wanted to do boxes where we all reach the same height. That's right. Where we're all exactly 7.7 inches tall. Yeah. But we said that's a little scary for Yodi. It's quite scary for Yodi. But what I like about that proposition is that her box will be exactly your height. Yeah. That's really Cool. So you're, you're three feet taller than her. And I'm only Probably almost exactly One foot taller Rama's one foot taller than me. Right. So to be honest, we do have to invite someone who is four feet tall, just to make it fucking perfect.


You need Calvin. Calvin. Oh, That actually works color-wise. It's a gradient. Calvin's a beautiful transition. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But he's on the wrong side. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Because Ramesi is wider than me, which is hard to do. Right. She's wider than you. Yodi looks similar to my coloring. She looks just similar to you, period. She really Know. We were last fact check. If you were a great artist, I'd love to see what you see in the mirror. Yeah. And if I was an incredible artist and I drew a picture of you, you might find that it looks a lot like you.


Yo. Yeah. God, this reminds me of the other day I was with Anna and we were, this is no offense to anyone, but we, we were at a crosswalk and she said, is that you? And I looked over and there was a woman there. She was wearing a mask, so I couldn't see her full face, but I think she was wearing a mask. Maybe I added that in my head. Oh, wow. This just doesn't sound like the clearest memory. Yeah. Well it was traumatic because I, I saw it and I was like, oh. And then she got closer and, and I was like, I don't like, Yeah.


But that's, I know that's a common occurrence I know for Yeah. But that's upsetting. It's upsetting. You didn't like the comp. I didn't. Right. But also in, she was a beautiful woman in Anna's defense. Yeah. I have the experience quite often when you see someone from a distance and as they get closer, you start realizing, oh, I, I, this is a different person than I saw. Okay. But she didn't say, oh, actually not. But maybe she got in her head. She got in her head, she went like, oh shit. That was a bad comp. Now that she's closer, but now what do I say? She could have said, oh, actually, nevermind. That's, She was a bad, bad comp.


Bad comp. That's all you have to say. Yeah. Bad comp also, maybe it's right. It's probably a good comp. That's the, this is where things get tricky. Yeah. I'm pretty, I Doubt it. But I'm a good comp for yoti. Okay. Now does yawning help ear clearing? Yes, it does. It opens the EU station tubes, which allows air to flow into the middle ear and equalize pressure popping your ears. So that would've worked if he had just tried it. Yeah. He was being ins insulin. He Was, can a chihuahua and a mastiff have an offspring? Great. Dane is what I found. People Are most curious. Yeah. Chihuahua and Great Dane.


It says, highly unlikely to produce viable offspring because of their extreme size difference. Making natural mating nearly impossible, imposing significant health risk for both the mother and potential puppies. Therefore, were responsible breeders were never, would never attempt such a cross. But it is, it is technically possible. Yes. And we would of canines, we would want it to be a, a male chihuahua impregnating, a female great Dane, because a great Dane offspring inside of a Chihuahua uterus could be lethal. Exactly. Also, the boy, it would be almost impossible for the great name male to enter the chihuahua to stoop down low enough to get the penis.


Yeah. It would have to it, But a little chihuahua, if a, if a great name was taking a nap on its side. Also, it consented. Let's just say it consented before. Sure, sure, sure. It was like, I'm drowsy, but whatever you wanna do while I'm out. And then it was laying perfectly on the side. It could definitely get up there. It's laying on the ground And it's the, oh, the chihuahua is the penis, right? Yes. Okay. Yeah. So the great named female or gal Yeah. Is laying on her side Or back? No, her side. Oh. And then the little chihuahua just comes up and hump. Hump, hump. He's at the right height if she's laying on her Side. Oh, I see. I see what you're saying. And Then she could probably have 13, 14 pups in the litter and not even notice.


Yes. Those little tiny pup. She just sinks a little mosquito bites. Yeah. Like a heavy, heavy flow. Oh, Wow. Yeah. So if it's gotta be done, that's, that's what we recommend. Yes. Update. I am leaning more and more, but don't hold me to this, but I'm leaning more and more towards eventually potentially getting a dog. Wow. I know. Wow. When I move into my house. Yeah. I think that's a great idea. I Need a, I think I'll feel safer. Yep. Get a big boy. Yeah. A big boy. Erica and Charlie have been fostering this German Shepherd.


Yep. And a very, very smart dog. Even a puppy is very smart. They're great dogs. Yeah. I'm terribly allergic to their hair, but I Oh, you are? Yeah. My, my mom's, oh yeah. Dog breezy, which who I loved. Right. And I love pee pee. Yeah. Pee pee. But boy, they shed like a mother. And when I'd be at my mom's house, I couldn't breathe. Well, I don't want shedding, get a Doodle, get some kind of a doodle. But Are they gonna protect, Boy, that's a good question. I Need one that is nice and A killer. Yeah. A reformed Baptist. I think German shepherds are that. Yeah, they are. But I don't, my house is gonna be so pretty, I cannot have it covered in hair.


Oh. And they fucking shed so bad. You gotta get something that doesn't shed Back to the drawing board. Yeah. Okay. You said the fewest among the armchair anonymous callers are from Oklahoma. I'm not gonna second that. Can't substantiate that claim. No. The house with that, James had his party, his 50th birthday party. This is the episode. Yes, this is the episode That was hilarious because we were talking about surprise parties and 50th birthday parties. And yours was in the works that you didn't know. It was a couple days out. Yeah. James Goldstein, the sheets Goldstein residence is the home that he had the party.


That's a big iconic home in la. Gorgeous place. Yeah. Oh, the, the phobia of getting sued is li phobia. That makes a ton of sense. Li phobia. Nick Nolte is not from Oklahoma, he's from Omaha. Okay. Easy Mistake. And Brad Pitt was born in Shawnee, Oklahoma. Congratulations, Shawnee. I know. Yeah, that's it. Would You rather be known as the town that produced the tallest woman in the world? The shortest woman in the world, or Brad Pitt? Tallest. Same. Yeah. I don't know. It's the rarest. Yeah. And I just imagine you could put a statue in town for that person, would people, If you the shortest person, you'd miss it.


If you wanted to break stereotypes, the move would be to put a statue of the tallest woman next to the statue of the tiniest man. Yeah, that was your goal. Yeah. I like that. And Calvin in the middle. Calvin right in the middle. Alright, that's All. Love you love.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hey everyone, it's your girl, Kiki Palmer. Did you know I host a podcast called Baby? This is Kiki Palmer and you're not going to believe the conversations I've had. Like, is OnlyFans only bad? How has dating changed in the digital age? What's the deal with Disney Adults? I've talked to John Stamos, the vp Kamala Harris to Jordan Peele, Raven Simone, Annie, yes. The one and only Jamila. Jamil. And just wait until you hear our conversation. We talk Twitter drama, bad dates, and then how the hell do you actually get sexy? Like, what the hell does that mean? Like I know how to be funny. I know how to be like, you know what I'm saying? Exactly. Like I don't really know how to be like, and take your clothes. I'm not robbing fucking givens. You know, it's like, how do people Do that? I've been in this situation too many times and not, not felt any of those things. Yes. The Girl Eyes. Yes. The quiet like I've never been quiet a moment in my fucking life. Yes, Baby. This is Kiki Palmer. No topic is off Limits. Follow baby. This is Kiki Palmer on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.