(0s):
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple. Podcasts Or. you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan. She and I'm joined by Lily Padman. Hi. Hi. Today's guest, kind of unimaginable years ago that we would've gotten this gentleman. He's an elusive creature too, right? Ooh, So elusive. But you think he has a lot of mystical qualities surrounding him? He does. He almost has like a Bill Murray esque. Yep. Quality. And is it because he played the dude don? Don't think so. I think he just has it. Yeah. I don't think it's dude specific. Jeff Bridges.

(40s):
Jeff Bridges. Jeff Bridges. An Academy Award-winning actor, the Big, Lebowski Tron. True Grit Crazy Heart Against All Odds. And Season two. New episode streaming Thursday on Hulu fx. The Old Man. It's back. It's Back, Baby. I love watching him beat ass at his age. I know. It's so cool. We learn a lot about like his health stuff. I didn't know a lot about that. He's had a harrowing journey over the last couple years that I, I hadn't known about either. What a blessing Jeff Bridges is to this world. Please enjoy Jeff Bridges.

(1m 14s):
We are supported by Audible. We know you love audio content. Thanks for listening to the show. But if your ears are craving more audio, Audible is the place to go. I probably in true spend more time on Audible than any other place, any other app. Yeah. I'm listening every night for an hour before bed. There's more to imagine when you listen. Whether you're searching for the latest bestsellers and new releases, or you want to catch up on a classic title, you can find it all in the Audible app. And as an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. What are You listening to now? Well, I'm just finishing the world's I see by Fei FEI Lee. It's so good in moving and I. Love it so much. I'm, I'm sad it's ending. Now listen, new members can try Audible for free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash dax. Or text Dax to 500 500.

(2m 15s):
We are supported by Wayfair. We just got a new Wayfair coffee table In our, we sure did. Filming Space and I. Love it. It's beautiful. It's gorgeous. Listen, right now is the best time to shop for everything you need for holiday hosting. And Wayfair is the place to shop for all things home this holiday season. From extra seating for the whole family to festive cookware, cozy bedding, and holiday decor galore. Wayfair helps you make your home way more you at a price that works for you. So whether you're looking for bedding sets for your guest room or kitchen brands you love, gift your home with Wayfair this holiday season. Plus, they offer free and easy shipping, even on the big stuff. They'll even help you set it up. Wayfair is your one stop holiday shop for everything on your to-do list this season. Head to wayfair.com right now to get your home holiday ready. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home

(3m 17s):
He's in. Sucking the vibe for a second. Yeah, man, it's a Real clubhouse. I know I'm digging it. Can We do it without these, do you think? Absolutely. You do whatever you Want. I think I saw you in something recently. I tried Googling it and couldn't find it. But you played like a drug addict. don. Don't Know if I've played it. No drug addict. Well, in life. He played a drug addict. Yeah, I played a drug addict for a couple decades.

(3m 59s):
They were filming all that, man. Oh my god. I would not be here. Cell phones have been, It's amazing what we've survived. When you look back, I know don Don't know how a young actor makes it through their teens and early twenties. What do you think? Do you think this generation in their twenties learned a bit, didn't wanna do what their parents did? That would be a hopeful outcome. But can you just step over all the craziness? They're evolved a little bit differently. Think, are they, I think So. yeah, I guess that's the question. don Don't know. Are they just better at keeping secrets? Is there an even bigger wall up now? Well, that's what I did when I was growing up.

(4m 39s):
I kept secrets. Of course, my parents were so much more naive. What kind of nodding? You were dualistic. Remember the first drug that I experimented with? I think it was called a rainbow or something. it was some kind of heavy diet pill. So an upper, upper And maybe 16 years old, about three o'clock in the morning. and I was chewing gum and I was feeling tremendous love for my parents. Of Course. Yes. I've gotta go in there and let them know. And so I go in there and I'm chewing this gum and it's turning to powder in my mouth. Sure. And I'm just telling them how much I love them, which is absolutely true. But they had no idea. They were just grateful.

(5m 20s):
Yeah. you know, I have two daughters. You have three. Yes. They're nine and 11. And yet those days are approaching where there'll be some inexplicable outbursts of love. You'll be suspicious. I am kind of of the opinion. They're gonna do what they're gonna do as I did. And if ever there's a problem, I'm 20 years in recovery. They know who to ask. There you go. I was blessed with incredible folks. it was wonderful being there, kid. And I'm just thinking as we're talking about those times, I think about this heartbreak that I caused. My mother, my mom, she used to have something called Time, and she'd do that with each of her kids.

(6m 3s):
And. that was an hour a day where she would do whatever the kid wanted. Hey, let's play spaceman. You are the astronaut, but I'm gonna make you up like a clown. it was just whatever I wanted to do. And then we continued that for the rest of her life in different ways. But I'm thinking of this heartbreak when I was about 14, where I looked her in the eye and say, don't you get it? I just don't dig you anymore. Oh. Oh. And using the sixties vernacular dig. Exactly. Oh. Oh, that's so sad. Oh man. And that broke her heart. Did you apologize? I read that. Yeah. Over the years.

(6m 43s):
But I could tell you several mom stories that would make you smile. But you know, you're pointing out kind of one of the sweetest parts of us as humans is you're 74 and I guarantee the feeling of saying to mom, I don't dig this anymore. Still Hurts. Don't dig you. I couldn't even, Yeah. It wasn't the time. it was all of the stuff that she wanted me to do. For instance, learn how to play the piano. I said, no, bitch. Bitch. She said, alright, you're gonna be so sorry. And now here I am saying, should have listened to my mom. Yeah, but don't you think it's sweet that you're still carrying That weirdly makes me hopeful about people.

(7m 25s):
I too carry around my little bag of things. If I hurt someone, it's still on top of mind. Yeah. Do you mind if I tell one, please popped into my head. Tell a hundred We Do this time thing. She wouldn't take any calls. you know, she'd say, no, I'm having my time with Jeff. you know, I could have friends in the time, whatever. So I'd call her up, you know, I'm in my forties or I'd say, I need some time on, just pick you up and go out for dinner. Do you know the Palino Club in Westwood? Uhuh. I have a wonderful dinner and now we're going to pick up the car. And my mom is like in her nineties, and she's hobbling along towards the car. And she looks at me and she says, be mean to me.

(8m 7s):
and I, look at her. What do you mean? And she looks at the car guy, she says, be mean to me. We're from a show. Biz Family I know exactly what she has in mind. And, we get to get our car and I say, get in the fucking car. Oh My God. And she looks at me, says, oh, you're so mean. I said, get in the car. I. don wanna this flag. And the guy is our audience. He's looking, what is going On? But she would constantly just love to do pranks. How fun. This is something you also did with Bo, though. He got a flatbed truck and you guys would stage fights in front of places.

(8m 47s):
Yeah. Our dad taught us stage fighting. And one of the tough things for an actor is, where's my audience? So Bo had this brilliant idea to get a flatbed truck, get some scenes together. I was trying to get an agent at the time, and Bo was my teacher, and you gotta practice. And he says, we're gonna get a flatbed truck. We're gonna pull into a supermarket. We're gonna do a fake fight until people start to surround us. And then we'll leap up saying, no, it's our show. And. we jump up on the back of the flatbed truck, And. we would do our scenes until the cops would come and we'd made the mistake of trying to do an improv and include them.

(9m 31s):
And the thing, they didn't dig that And. we said, no, we're going. And we'd go to the next supermarket. And. we play at the supermarket circuit. What? Yeah. It sounds like something in the thirties, kind of performance art. Yeah. How old were you when that was happening? 17. Okay. So Bo is like 25. Yeah. Bo's eight years older. You have a sister as well, right? Yeah, Cindy. So If mom is giving an hour a day to each kid, that's significant. That's three hours a day. Oh. Yeah. But she was digging it. No sense of this is a duty or anything like that. Was she just so playful at heart? Or it may be both. Was she also thinking, well, I'm gonna teach him how to play. I'm gonna teach him how this thing works.

(10m 12s):
Acting? I think so. you know, my parents met at UCLA. You read about me. You pointed at me. Yes. I did. On the way over here. I directed your brother once. Come on. Yeah. Yes. And what in a movie called Hit and Run with my wife and I, A car Chase movie. Oh, great. And he was kind enough to come be a part of a million dollar Car Chase movie. Well, I'm so glad that you got hit a bow. He, he is such a wonderful cat, man. He is. I'll never forget this is the kind of thing I respect in somebody. Well, both of you guys seem really comfortable in your own skin. He travels with his own chair. He sits in. Well, I Do too. He turned me the little of green chair, man. It's like a zero Gravity chair. Wherever we be, we are in shitty locations.

(10m 53s):
We're out in the fields and stuff. And Bo would just be kind of reclined. Zero gravity. I want one. You're making me hurting, man. I want one right now. Not as you said, I'm adjusting this I know I'm getting anxious. It's Uncomfortable. You're wear gravity right now. Yeah, exactly. you know, we'd have these fancy couches in our TV room and in front of the couch we'd have two Loma chairs. We gotta get one Of. Well, you know, you've experienced, he Offered too very generously. It's a real move to go like, yeah, I'm gonna plop this chair down wherever I'm at and sit in it. Oh, it draws attention. you know, It's really true. It sets a vibe.

(11m 34s):
and I was just like, there's so much happening with this chair and I don't want to be so rude to ask, but I'm dying to take a ride in that. Okay. Anyways, back to mom and dad. So they met at UCLA, They met at UCLA. Oh gosh. Do you have trouble with your memory? you know, names and stuff. I'm asking my brain and mind to recall some names from my parents who their teachers were, Listen, I'm gonna call bullshit on this for you. I'm gonna be an outside voice. Yeah. Which is I know and we're gonna get to it. You had one of the worst cases of Covid anyone's ever had. But here's the problem with your story. You're incredible of names as you're asking Kim, is your memory fucked up too?

(12m 16s):
And then you go on to rattle off. I just mentioned it because my mind just flipped me the finger I Know when I asked for something. But here's what I'm gonna suggest to you. Yeah. You had an abnormally great mind for names and stuff. Okay, Well, Thank You. I like that perspective. Even when you're like out promoting The, Old, Man, you're remembering all three names of the producers. Thank You sat down with them initially. Oh, Thank You. Matt, thanks for the acknowledgement. When you talk about the stunts that you did, you know the stunt man's name? The choreographer's name, you're meticulous about this. Here's the name that I'm forgetting. I'm gonna jumble all this up. Bo wrote a play with his daughter Emily called Acting the First Six lessons.

(12m 57s):
Have you ever read that book? No. This was the first book that we were turned onto from my dad. Not the Stanley Slosky book. Right around that time when my dad was learning, acting, I'm trying to think of the main teacher and I, can't think of his name, but it was the Actor's Lab here in LA and the approach was love and how important it is to support the other players. And that's how they rode with us acting wise. We've kind of followed my dad's path. He taught me all the basics. But the main thing was that joy hit. Here we are. Will you say that you observed your dad had an enthusiasm and a joy for working that was hugely infectious with Play like my mother had, and they met at UCLA and my dad was the head of the drama department there.

(13m 42s):
And had He moved here from somewhere from Petaluma. Oh, okay. So still California. And what about Mom Pasadena. Oh Wow. So you're multiple generation. Yeah. That's rare. I've never thought of it that way, but Yeah, well, There's four of us in this room and only one of us is from California. And. that feels pretty normal in California. Right. And so you grew up in Hum Hills Hum. Beach Hills. That was after my dad scored with Sea Hunt. Yeah, baby. Back in the sixties. We got a big hit. Bought a new big fancy house. How close were you to the Playboy mansion and as a kid, would you Oh? yeah, Trae over there and try to peek in As a young adult? I'd spent some time and it was a five minute drive.

(14m 25s):
Yeah. So you grew up right in the shadow of UCLA? Well, you know, she cross right up by sunset there and lowering. Okay. Yes. I went to a grammar school there at Warner. you know Warner Avenue, right? Yes. That grammar school. And what was childhood like with two parents that were acting? Dad was pretty busy. A lot of show B parents, they wanna protect their kids from the humiliation that you can go through, you know, rejection. But they weren't like that at all. They just loved every aspect of it. This kind of thing. What we're doing now, of course, the actual work, playing with all the different people, all the great artists coming together to do something.

(15m 6s):
Who knows what Don't You find it a little peculiar that actors tend to not want their kids? It's like you dedicated your life to this. Yeah. Why is all of a sudden this is bad for them? Yeah, well because it can be so painful, man. It can break your heart in so many ways. Yeah, It can. But that's life too, where you can also tell 'em not to fall in love My feeling. Exactly. Life is just a series of those things to drive those challenges. Yeah. So Mom brings you along to set when you're six months old. I've told this story a lot, but as you say that it popped. Tell my mind. Jane Greer made a movie called Out of the Past with Robert Mitcham and I made a remake of that called Against All Odds, Which we're gonna spend way too much time on Against all odds, just to let you know.

(15m 56s):
Okay, well this is a good precursor for her maybe. Okay, good, good. She could trickle into that. So my first scene in a movie was with Jane Greer and movie called The Company She Keeps and I Think it was John Cromwell, who was a friend of my parents. I think he was the guy who was directing. Anyway, they were visiting him. They needed a baby in this scene. And for some reason the baby they had didn't work or something. And my mom said, oh, take Jeff. And gave me over to Jane. and I was a happy kid. And Jane said he's supposed to be upset in the scene. And my mom said, oh, just pinch him. So she pitched me in. Of course I cry, you know? And now we cut 35 years later and I'm doing against All Oz and Jane Greer is playing her character in the original, her mother.

(16m 44s):
Oh my Lord. And, we have a scene together, you know? and I can't help but say, Jean, I'm having some problems. Can I belittle, pinch. I was gonna say your first time on set, you had to do the hardest thing, which is cry on cue. Yeah. But I was inspired by the muse in the form of Gene rear pinching me. And then Dad would put you and Bo Oh, and Sea Hunt. Yeah. There was a little kid's part. You'd come to work with Dad, you know, you get to get outta school. And you were also and I think this is relevant. and I imagine too, from your vantage point, it's weird how they come together at some point, but you're also, you're very interested in music. You're like not sure what order maybe you should attempt this stuff in.

(17m 26s):
Yeah. What kid wants to do what their parents want 'em to do. So it was interesting. Yeah. When you gotta rebel against parents. Yeah, Yeah. Like that. you know, like just don't dig you anymore. No more time mom. But getting back to the drug situation and how I finessed that, you show your parents what they want to see and then you do your thing. That's how I rocked it. Did you get into it that way? Terribly. Yeah. Yeah, because my mother aor me and I like to do naughty stuff as well. Right. Couldn't resist. But you showed her how she saw you. Yeah. and I juggled those. We work It I know. Did you feel guilt about it? I felt the tension of that Oh.

(18m 7s):
Yeah. How they look at you. To this day, I do wonder, and I'm very still close with my mother, but I think man, when she does pass and those eyes aren't on me, and in my mind she's still the regulator. Did she ever show you her feet of clay? Oh, tell me that. feet of clay. Well, yeah. I mean that's always sad and wonderful when your parents who have been your role models for decency and ethics and so forth. When they drop the ball in such a devastating way, they can never be what they were ever again. And you hope they didn't catch you catching that? Is that the goal? I Don't think I ever told them that. To their face.

(18m 47s):
Right. Saying that you will never be my role model. Well you had a history of letting them Have that. I didn't have to do that. No, but it was interesting. You say, oh, he's human like me. He makes terrible mistakes and he's trying to do his best. And you see all these other aspects that you would never see. By the way, my mother's super open about her many, many failures, but just the way she looks at me, I wanna give her. Right, Right. And what's so beautiful is she knows you're a fuck Oh. yeah. She knows I'm Naughty. Yeah, she knows that. She is too. Everyone is naughty. That's one of the wonderful things about marriage, isn't it? To have another person representing the other living right there.

(19m 27s):
And you can have all those feelings. You're right. And maybe it's Freudian or not healthy. Or healthy, but Yeah, you need another mom on the scene or your mom. Oh, well Explore the naughty till you're dad. Oh, my partner is remarkable. Susan. Susan, 47. How long? Something crazy. 47 years. Known each other. 50 years. Oh my Lord. So cool. It's one of the great long success stories. What is it? I'll go first. My wife's really hard to impress and I'm an approval junkie. Interesting. I relate to that. Yeah. Okay. So she has somehow dangled that carrot lets me nip at it occasionally.

(20m 7s):
She's not a fan. Yeah. She adores me. But she's had a great ability to make me keep working for her. Endless approval. And so I'm curious, what kind of lady has kept you engaged for so long? The mystery is still there after 50 years about who exactly is this person. As we talk about her, she comes to my mind. It's really remarkable how she is fulfilled. My dreams, man. And I was like a love at first sight. I saw her and it's grown. They really don't tell you if you hang in, it can grow into incredible depths of intimacy and love. And certainly you go through those times where you're tested and then you've got a choice.

(20m 49s):
you know, you can either move on, I'm getting a divorce, or you can really use it as a takeoff spot, sit down and really give it up to each other. We do this thing. Sometimes when we hit that spot, that primal battle, the essence of it is you don't get it. You don't understand what it's like to be me dealing with youth. And we'd sit close and look at each other's eyes and one person gives you their perspective and the other guy just receives it. Don't try to take notes about your rebuttal. We. do that back and forth. And, it seems to it it a little bit. But the basic thing that comes out of it for me is that you're so right.

(21m 33s):
I don't get it. And you don't get it. We don't get it. And isn't that wonderful? And here we are and what are we gonna do? Then we have to love. Ooh, interesting. We have to hold these opposites. We have to choose despite all that. Yeah. And then you make that choice, And, it grows. And you learn from all those missteps. Yeah. And it's weirdly money in the bank, isn't it? It's like you go through that and then the next time you're like, this is scary. I'm scared. And also I know we've done that. Yes, that's right. So, okay. I at least know this mission's accomplishable for some duration until we're here again. Yeah. When you were talking about the moment that your parents become people, what did you call it again?

(22m 17s):
feet Of clay. Yeah. I love that. Did you have a moment as a father where you feel like that happened? Ooh, I think so. But you have to ask my kids that question. Have they let me know? I think they have. Well, I would imagine your illness for them, because I got to that point with my father. I resented my father a lot. But when he was dying of cancer at some point he was clearly a little boy. Yeah, right. Scared. And I was like, oh, that's right. This man, this thing I've built up in my head is just a little boy like me. And here he is in this hospital bed. How mad can I be at this person? There you go. Yeah. So I would imagine when you got really sick, you in particular too, you're a force of nature.

(22m 60s):
We all look up to our parents in this way, but then you have on top of it some pretty substantive things that would aid in that. So maybe for you to have gotten sick that way might have been maybe mind blowing for them. I think so. I mean, when I rethink that, the easier gig is being ill as opposed to what they go through. I was in surrender mode. They would say, you gotta fight. I say, what are you talking about? This is me dying. People die and this is me doing that. Sorry, you don't like this. Yeah. Not that they were pissed at me for taking that stance, but just not being able to do anything about it. I could kinda surrender. it was very hard for them to do that. But what was evident was how unique it was to each person, how they met that challenge and how they manifested it.

(23m 47s):
You mean each of your three children and your wife? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. What were the variations? I don't want to go out school and mention who was Sure, sure. I identify. I just say I'll give you, yeah. Like you suggested that the Archetypes. Yeah. Aren't you upset? I just gotta take a break. Just those two polls you gotta do. So you know. Yeah. My wife and I are like that very opposite. I'm a very, I get these ideas and she will dampen, but it's a wonderful skill she has. She can dampen and inspire at the same time. And the inspiration, this goal, do your thing. I understand supports it that way, but at the same time Adds a little reality.

(24m 28s):
It involves her reality, which often it does. We're working on a new house now with our youngest daughter, And. we all have opinions after you do it for a while, you say, isn't that funny? These strong opinions for This house that didn't exist minutes ago. Oh God. Yeah. Life or death. So when you went to New York, which I guess is funny enough, is an act of rebellion as well, which is like, well, I'm going to New York. That's the opposite place of la moving Across the country. Did you Not move to New York City? No. No. You never did. Oh, well I moved, but with my parents. Oh, Everyone moved. Yeah. My dad was doing a play there. Cactus flower.

(25m 8s):
So what age were you when you went there? Probably 16, maybe older. I misread that. I thought you on your own, decided to go. And then I whipped up a whole story about why it's So interesting. I know You were more interested in the Y than correcting. Yeah. Well, the story I should have played with you and in the whole history. Yeah. When you were 22 years old, you left a two door pickup truck with only $190, man. Yeah, exactly. Okay. How did you end up in the Coast Guard? Well, that Was around Vietnam. Bo had been in the Coast Guard Reserve. So I thought that would be a good thing to do. and I was in the Coast Guard Reserve for seven years being an actor. I would look at it like an acting gig almost.

(25m 49s):
Yeah. Pretending you're in the Coast Guard. Yeah. Pretending. you know, we'd go out in 10 buoys out there. I'd go all the way up into Seattle, actually in the Coast Guard. I had some really remarkable experiences. Have you ever been to bootcamp or any of that Stuff? No. It's Like 10 weeks of stripping you of your identity and replacing it with a serial number. Basically learning to work together. But it's very disciplinarian. And remember being there, getting off the bus in your CIVs guy comes down and he says, what's your name? Kid Lewis, why are you moving your head like that, Louis, keep your head still, sir. Yes sir. I'd said, keep your head still in my row.

(26m 32s):
Right behind this kid who can't talk when I'm moving his head. Some kids laughing. The drill sergeant comes over to that guy and says, you're laughing. Continue to laugh as home till I tell you to see you understand me. And now we cut to us in our bunks three o'clock in the morning here. So it was like, you know, oh my God, performance. Oh My God. Yes. But in the midst of this, on the first Sunday, we were told, all right, that you have a choice. You can high pour around the grinder or you can go to church.

(27m 14s):
How many men want to go to church? Everyone wants to go. We go to Go to church. And this priest says, just wanna let you know when you're here, you're not in the Coast Guard, you're in the house of the Lord. Oh wow. What a relief. He'd let me play my guitar. He had groups of sailors there that would meet and have long discussions, spiritual, philosophical discussions. it was great. Then towards the end, when we had honor company and you get to go off, he said, I'm gonna break the rules. I'm gonna turn you on to some way. I said, okay. And he gave me some CS And. we went and saw the Jefferson airplane and Big Brother in the holding company with A holy man With this guy, because he knew I was into the music.

(27m 59s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah. This was just in 67. it was just remarkable. And then he ended up maybe 10 years later, marrying me. And so, oh, oh, No kidding. You stayed in touch with that person. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. He was a wonderful guy, Don Harris. Before the last picture show, you sold two songs to Quince Jones. One. Okay, well, maybe two. Maybe you know more than two. Well, Didn't move to New York on your own, but maybe you sold two songs, even if you sold a song. This Is a big brother, Boose Dory. He was working with, I think it was Norman Jewison. There were Gailey. Gailey. Quince was doing the music for it. They hung out a bit. And Quince was doing a movie called John and Mary with Mia Faroh and Dustin Hoffman.

(28m 43s):
Bo said, listen to some of my kid Brother's tunes. Wow. What a minch. Yeah, exactly. Well, that's my brother. He's done that in my entire life. Quince heard this tune and dug it and Quince. What a guy, man. Yeah. Oh my God. I took my then 8-year-old to the Hollywood Bowl to see the Phil Harmonic do a Quince tribute show. And outta nowhere I see them helping someone out on stage. And I'm like, who's coming out on stage? Quince Stevie? Oh, of course. Do you ever see that thing online of him doing a gig? Comes out and you know, introduce and he play on the electric piano And. it doesn't work. No, Google it.

(29m 23s):
It's a good little trip. 'cause they try to fix it, And it a lot of times being wasted and it's on top of a standard acoustic piano. Then he proceeds to write a whole song about broken piano. Something like it just don't work off the cuff. And it's really good. Ah, that kind of creative spirit. Inspiring. Did you see this John Batis documentary by chance? No. Same thing. He's got his first big something at Carnegie Hall, whatever you call it, anyways, in the same thing where the, the symphony power goes off First Symphony and he's in front of a piano and it's getting more and more frustrating. And he just starts letting how he's feeling, come out in this madness, and then it grows into this beautiful acceptance.

(30m 10s):
And then the power comes back on and he looks at everyone. You're like, holy cow. They caught that on camera. And You can Google that. Well, it's on Netflix, the documentary. It's called American Symphony. It's a whole Zocdoc about him. That's beautiful. And then that moment is caught. But same thing, it's just like he could walk off stage, he could surrender, and he just is like, oh, I think I'm just gonna let everyone hear how it feels in my body right now to Have that facility. Oh My God. What would you Give for that? Yeah, give it up. Stay tuned for more. Armchair expert, if you dare.

(30m 47s):
We are supported by BetterHelp. Spooky season has officially begun And. we love it. It's Happening Already. Planning the Hayride. You are adding a hamburger truck to the mix this year. Oh my gosh. Exciting. Gotta every year get bigger and better. Oh, I really gotta plan my costume. Get on it. Okay. Halloween lets us have fun with what scares us. But what about those fears that don't involve zombies? And Ghosts Therapy is a great tool for facing your fears and finding ways to overcome them. Because sometimes the scariest thing is not facing our fears in the first place and holding ourselves back. I had therapy last week and she's just so good. She really put something into perspective in a way that I was really unable. I would've never been able to see it that way. You would've come to it on my own. No, never. If you're thinking of starting therapy, try BetterHelp. It's all online. So you can have a therapy session from the comfort of your home at a time that's convenient for you. It's quick and easy to get started. And if your therapist isn't the right match for you, you can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Overcome your fears with BetterHelp visit.com/dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/dax.

(32m 2s):
We are supported by Squarespace. Whether you're just starting out or managing a growing brand, Squarespace makes it easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience, and sell anything from products to content to time all in one place. All on your terms. That's why they call Squarespace the All-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. Now listen, we put our money where our mouth is. We have a beautiful website that WBE wob designed on Squarespace. It's gorgeous, it's user friendly. Couldn't be better if you're not sure where to start. Squarespace has your back Use Squarespace Blueprint to choose from professionally curated layout and styling options to build your unique online presence from the ground up. And once you've gotten started, keep it going with Squarespace ai, which can help you generate instant personalized results that know and show your brand identity. Check out Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dax to get started today.

(33m 11s):
If, you love iPhone. You'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple. Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners, subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC terms and more at Apple Card dot com.

(33m 49s):
Okay. So now we're gonna run through some of your movies in rapid succession 'cause there's so damn many of them. But I guess just first is last picture show, which is kind of a really huge role to land with what you had as a resume at that point. Absolutely. As a director, you must cast people, right? Yeah, I have. This is how I've related to it. I've had to cast people as well. And before you even say, oh hi, you either say no or yes very quickly. Oh, the characters walking through the door. I think that's the feeling that Peter had when I walked in. He thought, oh, that's what I want. What a remarkable experience to have gone through and to be a part of that movie. It's kind of just sits there by itself.

(34m 29s):
There's nothing like it. Yeah. It's so unique. And you got nominated on your first big role, mom and dad, were they just elated or were they warning you like careful? No, no, no. Back in the day when there was no campaigning, I was this young kid, maybe 19, 20, waking up three or four o'clock in the morning with a phone call saying you've been nominated. I said, what are you talking about it? Yeah. That was a not at all in your Expectations. No, no, no. Wild. That is really wild. That obviously opens up the door to all kinds of stuff. And the ride really begins there based on the success of that movie and your recognition in it.

(35m 9s):
Immediately after that you do Fat City. And I'm just curious, 'cause I know you also acted with them, but John Houston and for people who don't understand what John Houston is and was, this is a man who wrote and directed 37 movies and was infamously just tough and nuts too. Batshit crazy and I wanna know what was that experience at that age with that man? I was intimidated. I feel like you're holding in a great truth About No, I'm trying. No, I'm trying to conjure the feeling. you know, he triggers a lot of things. I worked with him twice, two very different experiences. Fed City.

(35m 49s):
He was quite ill. He got very familiar and happy go lucky with Stacey Keach. it was so wonderful. And with me, he liked to keep me on my heels. Sure, sure. He would tease me and I'd say, yeah, we're enlisting you in a real fight. We'll see how you do. you know, those kinds of things. Yeah. Real masculine stuff. Would it be wrong to guess? He probably had a crush on the actress. And you were the good looking young man that Was, yeah, the actress was Kandy Clark, who I fell in love with. And. we lived with each other for three years. Oh, wonderful. Oh. yeah. Wonderful. But John, his direction mainly was even more or even less.

(36m 29s):
I like those. That's about it, isn't it? It is. That's even refined it. What I heard I loved is someone told me, some director would only say slower, faster, louder, quieter. Those are good. You interpret what that means as the actor and I found that great. I like that even more, even less. But When I got to work with him as an actor in this movie called Winter Kills, that Quentin Tarantino is really championed and is kinda re-released, directed by this guy, bill Richard, who is a fascinating filmmaker. He assembled this cast of John Houston, Elizabeth Taylor to Shera, ny Eli Wallach, Sterling Hayden.

(37m 9s):
See, it's happening. The names. Yeah. You've said a lot of good names I know. Yeah, I'll just let it go. It kinda came through me and I tried, but when I got to On Winter Kills, which was quite a bit after, he was feeling much better. it was this director's first movie he assembled these cast, he saw Charismatic. And John was like, how was it Bill? You have many ideas, you know, it's all about the director. Would you like even more or even less. Exactly. There you go. Thunderbolt and Lightfoot comes in 74, you get nominated for that. And you really tried to talk yourself out of being in it. Yeah. Michael Chimino, Clint Eastwood gave him the shot of directing his first film.

(37m 51s):
He had written, I think one of the Dirty Harry movies before that. He was gonna let him write this script and direct it. God, it was great. Think about those times. You're riding a Harley up in Montana, great place to have a motorcycle. Yes, Clint too. You're kind of going back to back with some real alphas. Oh, Right. And how do you respond to that? You strike me as someone who's self-assured and noncompliant if you don't want to be. And also not walking into a room super alpha. It's fascinating because with Thunderbolt and Lightfoot, Clint being the captain of the ship, really, he would like to do one or two, three takes at the very, very most.

(38m 32s):
and I was the young punk kid who would go up to Mino and say, I got an idea. And he would say, well, I have to talk to the boss, you know? And Clint would look at me and goes, all right. He'd always give me another shot. Let him do another. Yeah. And it was great. Jamming with him now doing Heaven's Gate with Mike. He would do like 60 takes completely different approach. That's an interesting one because Heaven's Gate, if you don't know the legend of it, it went way over budget. it was kind of pan. They took it from the theaters and they recut it and re-released it. And it's this kind of cautionary tale. But now there's a whole swell of people that actually love that movie.

(39m 13s):
Oh, have you ever seen it? I haven't seen it. Oh man. It's really, I Only know the legend. When he came out MTV was coming out and it was that fast cutting the pace. And Heaven's Gate was much slower. And, that was Camino's thing. So you get in with his rhythm. Every time I see it, I end up doing it more. 'cause I just let it do me. And it's a wonderful story about our history pulled off brilliantly. Oh, it's on many of the top 100 films list. Oh really? Yes. Oh. yeah. Yes. I was just reading Today. They got the right edit out in the world. At some point. Jimino, he wanted to make the movie, which is hard enough. He didn't want the suits coming around and giving him notes and stuff.

(39m 54s):
And he banned all those people. And the press from visiting the set And that created this animosity. So when it came out and he had raced through the, and we're looking at the premier in New York, all in tuxedos and we're watching it and then comes the end of the movie and it's that terrible popcorn sound. you know, And, we say, are they stunned? Is it gonna erupt? No, it does not erupt. It continues. And then we go to Toronto the next day and we're at the airport and I'm riding with Mike, get the paper. you know, on the way to the airport, uhoh, if they shaved Gino's head, they would find three sixes.

(40m 40s):
God, you know, it's like, oh my God. it was the Antichrist Biblically. Yeah. Yeah. And then you get some bad reviews like that, then people don't take the thing seriously. Yeah. I think much more than you were really relying on that review in a much Oh. Yeah. Bigger way back then, Oh. yeah. I think it's a remarkable film. Of course. It brings all kinds of terrific memories. Making it, you know, meeting my old buddy t-Bone Burnett, Steven Bruton and Ronnie Hawkins and Christofferson. it was a great bunch of Guys. That's what interests me most about that movie. Selfishly Christofferson, I'm a huge highway man fan. Waylon Jennings is my deity.

(41m 21s):
The notion that you were around him and could hear his stories, I have to imagine there were many, Actually not that many. He kinda stayed to himself. He really wanted to concentrate on the part and was a lot of cocaine. Boo Oh. yeah. it was like at that time, you know? Yeah. 80. And he didn't participate at all. That's interesting. That shatters my country. Western fantasy. Well, He brought a lot of guys to the party. He probably t-boned David Mansfield who did the score for it. There's infamous stories from that period where like yeah, the grip truck would have a couple ounces. The prop truck would Yeah. Ounce in that period. What was everyone just kind of treating it like, oh, like this is like Red Bull.

(42m 3s):
There was a lot of time in between shots. you know, Chimino didn't let anybody go home. We'd have these things called Camp Chimino. You have to practice roller skating, practice cock fighting, you know how to work with the guns. And. we would do that, but we had quite a bit of downtime. We got in trouble. You were partaking in all the fun Oh. yeah. Yeah. Okay, good. I'm glad you didn't miss out on that. But how we survived that cocaine shit. Oh God. Did it get outta hand? Did it ever get away from you In the form of just, Ooh, I don't like this. you know, the sham quality, all these heightened feelings. Well, right. So we already touched on it. You take the diet pill as a kid, it makes you feel this explosion of love.

(42m 44s):
That's the thing you end up chasing. But then if you overindulge in that, then everything's bullshit. Yeah. And the hangover, the guys who were really in danger of it were the guys that didn't have the hangover, but that hangover turned me off. Yeah. The pros that were built to do it. Yeah. How about you? That was My it. You could take it then. The hangover didn't disturb you? No. To the degree that it stopped you from getting high. It killed me, which is why I wouldn't let go. Once I started that, I went till the body collapsed and then did a full 18 hour reset and then went back at it. Oh. But trying to do it moderately, almost worse to try to do it till three in the morning, then go to sleep and then work.

(43m 27s):
Did you go through years of that? Yeah, mostly booze from the get and then Coke the last like maybe five years of the booze saved by the fact that I didn't have enough money to do it in a way that I wanted to. To Oh God. Yeah. Yeah. I had been a working actor during that time and I had access, who knows? So you were blessed with a bad hangover and you have some sense of what's real and what's not. And you felt grody about how much bullshit. Yeah. Loving everyone. Because you wake up the next thing, you're like, I don't love that guy. That guy's a terrible guy. I was saying I loved everyone's the worst side of themselves. Yeah, It's not a real feeling.

(44m 7s):
No, it's A make-believe feeling. There you go. You finally get hit to the authenticity of the whole thing. Yeah. Okay. I just only wanna bring up against all odds because this is when you enter my life, this is coinciding perfectly with on TV being a thing, you could see movies at home. VHS was a thing we recorded against All Odds. I watched that movie over and over and over and over again at nine years old. I loved it so much. The car chase scene between the nine 11 in the 3 0 8, I've rewritten that scene many times. Different iterations. We did That right out here on Sunset Boulevard. You're cruising through Westwood at Times, right? Oh, right by my house. The street I grew up on.

(44m 48s):
We've got the street blocked off going east and the traffic is, you know, piled up on the other side. People going to the beach. We would get people hanging EYs and get in our shot and we're going like 90 miles an hour. It's a great car chase, but It is a good car. Chase, You're in the nine 11 James Woods is in the 3 0 8. Did you get to do a lot of that driving? Yeah, Quite a bit. It's kinda obvious. Did you care at all about cars? A Little bit. Not much. I wasn't a car guy. Bo was more of a car guy. He, you know, French, his headlights and pin striping and you know, he had 57 Chevys. My favorite car was a DS 21 Citroen.

(45m 31s):
Do you know what that is? Yes. Like crazy Looking a driving your living room. Just so smooth Q Air suspension. Yeah. Ooh, I love that kind of thing. Yeah, they let it all out When you'd park 'em, they would just sit low. Yeah. Okay. The other one, I have to say before the obvious one is 92 American Heart. I am walking through Blockbuster video store. I'm 17, and this VHS keeps just calling to me. And you're on the cover shirtless and you are fucking ripped. I rented that movie just to look at your body. Hundred percent. I'm like, I, know this guy from all these movies. Look at this fucking body. What's happening here?

(46m 11s):
How did you get in that shape? A trainer. That was after Against All Odds. Yeah. This is 92. Because Against All Odds was, I think the police. I met this trainer because You were playing a football player. Yeah, I got it in love with the chin ups, And. it feels good. Do you feel like you're actually strong when you can do Pullups? Yeah. So you do a bunch of those. And this trainer worked me and I was in the mindset of giving it up to him, pushing me harder than I wanted to go. And so I got in shape for that and then it kinda carried over to American Heart. That's Peak Bridge's body for me right there. Oh. yeah, I think it is. How did you not fall in love with that physique and get obsessed with maintaining it? Because I gotta be mean I know.

(46m 53s):
It's just not in the cards for me to do that. Although I must say I do enjoy being in shape. I'm in the process now. I've been ill and different reasons I couldn't do it. and I don't mean since my big illness. I've been in shape since then. But then you can't work Out. You go in cycles, right? There You go. So I'm in a cycle now and you just feel better. And that's eating and you know what to do. It's just a matter of doing It. Well it's almost false advertising. It has the express goal of the physical body, but really it's how your brain feels while you're doing all those things. Yeah. Some of the other health things I'm into. Are you into Wim H at all? The breathing technique? The Breathing in the cold.

(47m 34s):
I cold plunge every day. Yeah. See now that's a good high, right? Yes. Wow. You do it every day in the morning. I do it at night. I sauna for 20 minutes. That's A good habit, man. I like it. We have some similar, I meditate as well and I think I believe in like some period of suffering multiple times a day so that I can feel happiness. There's something meditative about it. 'cause you have to get in a place mentally. It's so fascinating because we're kind of wired to not dig cold. It's Depth. And then just to give yourself that assignment. It's just a sensation. Just relax. Yes. Fascinating. This is when I was learning a lot about you today.

(48m 14s):
The thing I've connected to you on is I think we both have this sense of, okay, now here we go. This is something new. Even when terrible shit's happening to me, I kind of have some perspective where I'm like, well here we go. I'm gonna remember this. Almost like observing it. Yeah. I really thought when I was hearing your experience with Covid, so you had found this mass nine inches by 12 inches. Yeah. Like a child. How you would not know In my stomach? Nine by 12. It's scary. That's a plate. Yeah. And you just didn't know it for clearly a while. And then you start chemo for that. And then so your immune system is zero and you get covid and that's what really fucks you up.

(48m 56s):
You're in the hospital for five weeks. Yeah. But at least you're retelling of it, which is just be like, oh wow, we're dying. I kind of want to observe this. I don't wanna miss this. Yeah. I'm not really gonna try to fight it. As much as I wanna try to wr out as much of this, I can be present for And that popped in without any effort to do that. Like, oh, this is what I'm doing. There wasn't too much trying to it, it was just It was happening. Well Here it is. You had Peace around it And you have all these epiphanies. And then a dear friend of mine who's quite spiritually bent, been involved in these sort of practices says yes. And you were on drugs.

(49m 38s):
That's true. Thank You know you have all these epiphanys, but it still doesn't take away the epiphany. Right. But being on these heavy medications might have had something to do with the LAIs Attitude you're taking or leave it approach to life. Exactly. you know, you have these moments on airplanes, there's turbulence, there's this or that. You just start pondering, am I gonna die on this airplane? I did that movie Fearless? Did you ever see that movie? Yeah. It's an incredible movie With Peter Weir, great director. it was during the Iowa, a big plane crash in the cornfield. it was similar And. we had a guy who survived and his wife who was telling about that experience.

(50m 19s):
That happened about 10 years before we did it. And in their telling it was like, it just happened yesterday. it was amazing what the guy had to say. 'cause they knew they were going down for 45 minutes. Oh, they knew they were gonna crash. Wow. No panic at all. This just wave of love and peace shot through the cabin. And the guy, as they were going down, he looked across the aisle and saw this old woman there, you know? And he said she could be my mother. No, she is my mother. Just the closeness as an actor, one of the things that's fascinating to me is how available intimacy and closeness, I kind of feel that way. What we are doing here, I'm opening to you.

(50m 60s):
You're opening to me are practiced in doing that. I am too. And it's right there. It's quite easy. And so in this thing, that feeling of the oneness crashed. And you would think panic. No, very polite. Everybody understood. Talk about feet of clay. We're imperfect. We're all doing the best we can. Let's get out of this plane. It's interesting. There's different than I thought. What you see in movies, screaming and people acting belligerent and selfish. Yeah. It's almost the most human moment is at the very end, I guess. Or when you think it's at the very end is when you can be the most human to one another. That's so true. That's one of the lessons or the gifts that I got while I was sick, was a big dose of love, man, how much you love your family, your loved ones, and how much they love you.

(51m 49s):
And, that just exacerbates all those feelings and oh, really? Is strong. That lingers. Well, you Know what happens on that airplane too? Is the guy sitting there, he's a lawyer. I'm a lawyer, and I live in this house and I do this stuff and that's who I am. And then in that moment where everyone's gonna die in 45 minutes, you're like, oh, I'm none of those things. I'm a human being about to die on this plane with all these other human beings. I think it can snap you out of your identity in a hurry in a neat way. This quote pops into my mind. The truth is oneness. Everything else is facts.

(52m 29s):
Oh, I like That. Isn't that, have a nice spin on It. It's a good word. Play. I Remember I got into that when I was a fan of, what's the, not the Hubble telescope, but the next one. What is it called? The James Webb Space. Yeah, the web telescope. and I was taking photographs of these galaxies, not stars that are seen in the darkest part of the universe. And I'm looking at that and I say some of those galaxies are spinning clockwise and some are counterclockwise. What's going on there? So I Google that And. it says very simply, it depends on where you are looking at it, your perspective. Oh, Interesting. Isn't that kinda interesting? But it's a fact.

(53m 9s):
I'm looking at this photograph that's going counterclockwise, that's going. It's a fact, but it ain't the truth. Yeah. You're on the backside of one of them in the front side of another one or something. That is wild. Oh my God. Well that brings us perfectly to Lebowski, which no interview with you would be complete if we didn't talk about Lebowski. It's such a special movie. I know you've been in so many movies. And Lebowski, although worked for sure, it wasn't a failure by any stretch. It certainly had this life that just kept inflating and inflating. Fascinating. Isn't That a fun experience In so many ways it inflated. You just bring that title up, And that my brain is firing.

(53m 49s):
But I'll take one of these blogs off the fire. Bernie Glassman was a zen master. He had this organization called the Zen Peacemakers. Oh, You guys did a book together? We Did a book together. So I'm sitting at a dinner party and Bernie says, I'm a big fan of Loki. I'm all about bringing Buddhism into modern times. And you know, it's full of Koans, one hand clapping. you know these kind of questions that you've gotta use your mind to figure out, but you have to kind of surrender to it. It's not a concrete answer to everybody would understand necessarily. and I said, what do you mean? He says, well, like that's just your opinion, man. Total koan. Or shut the fuck up, Donny the dude abides.

(54m 33s):
That's very Buddhistic. So he says, Hey, let's write a book. So we write a book out of it. The dude and the Zen master. Then he visited me on the set. We were doing True Grit in Lebowski. We never talked about spiritual underst stories or anything that popped out The festivals. I had my Beatle moment when I, with my band, the Abiders played The Festival, you know, So great. The audience are all dressed up like the dude and bowling pins and mods. That's so great. That was pretty Fun. Isn't it? Interesting? You can make something and tell an exact story that you're not even aware you're telling.

(55m 13s):
How do You mean get into that? Like I find that fascinating that the movie reflects this Buddhism parallel. Your performance does, and you're doing it all unwittingly, Oh. yeah. It's sort of comforting, isn't it? I mean, kind of asking these questions these days, this guy Spolsky. Yeah, we interviewed him. Robert Spolsky. Oh. yeah, it's an illusion. There's no free will. There's something comforting about that. When anything is so adamant, it seems for me to create its opposite And. it is kind of like this wave and particle thing. Both are going on at the same time. That's what surfaces in my belief about willpower as an artist. There's nothing greater than that feeling where it's doing you and you're not doing it.

(55m 56s):
That's the sweet spot, man. Yeah, And. that again has to do with this surrender in a sense. you know, take me, I have a knee jerk, for better or worse, the second it's definitive. I'm out. My first impulse is like, mm, probably not. Yeah. Or not entirely. Maybe. It's kind of like a hologram. It's one char of the thing. It's almost like this is making you feel too safe. And. that feels precarious to me. And that's a house of cards. Well That's the object of the game is how do we feel comfortable in all this uncertainty? It's so wild. you know what comes to mind is what the stranger said in Lebowski. Sometimes you eat the bar and sometimes the bar eats you.

(56m 39s):
you know? We all wanna get on top of it. Yeah. And sometimes you're there and sometimes you're not. I was wondering how you personally feel about it. 'cause you played that character so perfectly. People would be inclined to think there's some part of you that's very Lebowski. Now, Lebowski, what I love about it is it's a fantasy for me in my disposition, which is I aspire to be able to just drink some white Russians throughout the day. Wear my robe, go bowling, stumble through life, not be too ambitious. And, that seems so lovely, but me as a person, when I give myself to that for four days straight, I hate myself.

(57m 20s):
I'm so uncomfortable. Where are you at on that spectrum? I Relate to what you say. I think you used the term earlier, not seasons, but it was an S word. What did you say? Cycling. Cycling? Or is this a C word? Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But it sounds like, It sounds It Should be an S four. you know the I before E except F. That drives me crazy, man. It's like, it's a joke. It's insane. And it's broken nonstop. Anyway, what were we talking about? Get us back on track. Cycling cycles. Yeah. Tightness, looseness and enjoying starting to get out and giving myself that discipline. Getting in the cold. This is just a feeling, no sense to run away from this feeling for protection.

(58m 1s):
This is it. Dig it. There's something wonderful about that. But then you build up the routine for so long. I start then fantasizing about like, oh, I'm going somewhere for a week and there I'm gonna do nothing. That's gonna be great. I'm gonna do nothing. I gonna take off the shackles of this routine. and I like it for like 36 hours. You're addicted to the way you think you are, man. I am too. What I'm addicted to is going cycling, going back and forth. I'm trying to get non-judgmental about the pattern. That's a good idea, man. Dig your pattern. Think the more you fight it, that becomes part of your pattern too. Yeah. Oh God. My brother, who's also an addict, he called me one day and he goes, you know what our real addiction is?

(58m 43s):
and I said, what's that? And he said, quitting things Or comfort. I feel I'm a teacher. Comfortable. I love being comfortable. Yeah. We want to get on top to understand, to not have it have effect over me. Control. It's all control. Control and giving up control. We're not wired that way to want to do that entirely either. It's this funny thing, man that's going on. Yeah. I feel like I'm just zigzagging along the line. I'd like that image. Yeah. Okay. Last thing before The. Old Man is just, I just wanted to single out one moment. I'm sure it's been singled out a million times, but my life is cars. That's my main passion, right?

(59m 23s):
So you start this movie, you're in a suburban, it's a very cool old Chevy. What show? Crazy Heart. Crazy Heart. We gotta get there. Okay. You got your P Jug. I got there. Which that's implemented. That was your idea. That's great. I love that. Steven Bruton's idea. Always great to have a real guy on the set and he says, Oh. yeah. When I go to these things, I take a thing and I just pee And it while I'm driving. Yeah. I said, oh good. and I pour it out in the parking lot, Which I do all the time. I drive a huge bus around and I can't pull that fucker over all day. Yeah. The big 32 ounce Gatorade bottles, the way to go. But the moment I can name the times I've been really inspired watching an actor, this is one of them. When you go around to the back of the suburban and before you initiate the window to come down, you know you're gonna have to help it.

(1h 0m 11s):
You start helping the window down of this car. And as someone who has collected a million old shitty cars, I'm like, this is the exact relationship you have with a car. And you just know it. And 99.9999% of actors show up. You won't even think, oh, I'm driving this. This is your thing. Somehow you got to that part where you help the window up right now. I Like that. I like that as a metaphor for the whole thing. I don't remember seeing it, but I'm glad you got into that. I'm surprised being a car guy. We're not talking about Tucker Loved Tucker. You saw That France, Ford Coppola. So inspirational. I can remember almost virtually that entire movie.

(1h 0m 52s):
Yeah, All those cars. He got helicopter motors like he sourced his motors. Oh. yeah. From a helicopter factory in the tracking headlights, I think safety belts, you know, all kinds of things. And the big boys shutting down. Yeah, no, that was a great, great movie. Did you enjoy working with Colo Oh? Yeah. We had two weeks rehearsal. First week was getting to know everybody. Second week he gathered the troops and he said, okay, this week we're gonna shoot the entire movie. Vitor Raro will be using this wheelchair here as a dolly. There's a wedding coming up. You costume people. Look at these drapes. They could be good wedding dress. Your actors.

(1h 1m 33s):
Get your lines down as best you can. If you need to carry the book, you but you don't need to. We're gonna do each scene once. Oh my God. And Vitor will shoot it. And while we're doing it, it's like, you know our gang comedy? The Little Rascals? Yeah, yeah, yeah. He was like, come on, let's make a movie. Totally in the play mode. And, we shot the whole thing from beginning to end and I got to do it with my dad. He was in the thing. So that added a whole wonderful aspect to it. We shot the whole movie in two days and he was cooking, doing all these low tech special effects and getting ideas and stuff. Then what we didn't know is to and from work, he was editing the whole thing and at the end of that week, he gave us the video version of the movie.

(1h 2m 16s):
You shoot out a sequence, you could see where my character had been. it was just a wonderful idea. Whoa. Do you still have that? Of Course not. No. Oh, I Know. Where that would be. I've got earthquakes, fires, floods. you know, This is the dude side of you, Oht. Hang on that cycle. No, you can't hang out to stuff, man. Oh no, you're right Josh. I think we had every Tucker. I think we had about 27. Then they made a bunch of cardboard things after those. You're so Buddhist, you weren't tempted. If I were you, I would've had to have owned a Tucker after that movie. No Citron in man. Gimme Citron or nothing.

(1h 2m 59s):
Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.

(1h 3m 6s):
We are supported by Dr. Odyssey from a b, c From 9 1 1, executive producer Ryan Murphy comes the splashy new medical drama. Dr. Odyssey starring Joshua Jackson as the charismatic new doctor on board a luxury cruise ship. He and his team navigate high stakes medical emergencies and steamy romantic entanglements miles from shore. The series also stars, Philip Assu, Sean Thiel, and Don Johnson as their fearless captain. Come aboard for new episodes of Dr. Odyssey. Thursday's at nine eight Central on a, B, C, and Stream on Hulu.

(1h 3m 43s):
We are supported by Quince. It's been a busy season of events in travel. We were just in New York filming a bunch of press for the show and you know, we wanted to make sure our clothes were looking good. Always, Always. And that's why I'm thrilled we're partnering with Quince. Quince has all the seasonal must haves like cashmere sweaters. I love ding ding, ding. European linen shirts. All priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands. And that's because they partner directly with top factories. So they cut out the cost of the middlemen and pass on. The savings to us Also fall's a good time to replen your wardrobe. You're moving into a new season. Yeah, I've got a very sexy cashmere sweater from them that I love. And. It's just coming up on sweater weather. Get those sweaters. Another cool thing about Quince, they only partner with factories that use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices, which is pretty great. Upgrade your wardrobe with pieces made the last with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.

(1h 4m 58s):
Hey, I'm Ryan Reynolds. Recently I asked Mint Mobile's legal team if big wireless companies are allowed to raise prices due to inflation. They said yes. And then when I asked if raising prices technically violates those onerous to your contracts, they said, what the fuck are you talking about you Insane Hollywood ass. So to recap, we're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes of details.

(1h 5m 34s):
Okay, well anyways, those are the ones I had to talk to you about now, The, Old, Man. I watched the entire thing last season and loved it. You're so radical. And it. It's so fun to see you in that role. I don't wanna call it a trope, but I love when an older man has to come and kick some ass again. We love this story. All those take ins with Liam Neeson, were like, that's right. There's something wishful Philly about it. Like I might still have it too. That's right. Yeah. What's crazy to me, I didn't know. So all this health stuff that we talked about that happened, four episodes in while you go Away for Covid, you discovered this nine by 12 inch mass is incredible.

(1h 6m 15s):
Did you save that? Save it. Oh. yeah. Put the hat outta that. Oh God, I never thought of that. Ew. Tell the surgeon I've got a great freezer at home. I can be trusted with this. But you guys are down for two years virtually. Yeah, that's wild to me. So amazing. And then of course you come back and it's like a long weekend 'cause it's all the familiar faces and you're just a immediate reset. I would think that would be a trippy aspect of everything you had just gone through. Almost like did that even happen? I have That still now. Still hadn't figured it out entirely. Yeah, we never got to the, we were talking about the passengers who had gone down, but my question to you was gonna be, when you're in that situation, by the way, your toenails are beautiful.

(1h 6m 58s):
I'm just now noticing that. Oh, my wife It gives me these many petties. Oh My God, they're working. I can't believe I just now noticed that They're so youthful. Oh. yeah. The toes of a 21-year-old. Oh, Don, I love that. When you're feeling that turbulence in real life and you're contemplating whether this will go down or not, what is your thoughts in those moments? We're not the only one. So many guys have gone on this trail of being alive and some of 'em have written about their strategies and so there's a wealth of information. I like pma. Do you dig her? You don't know Pema Chore? No. Oh, she's so great. you know, Pema cho I don, you don't. But we gotta get in. There's so many's, just humiliating. Alan Watts, you know? Yeah. Alan Wat.

(1h 7m 38s):
Yes. Yeah. You found one we knew. And Then, you know, just being such a close friend of Bernie's, he's written some incredible books like we've been talking about, saddle up this, here it goes. This is what this is. Okay, so you come back, you resume. But before that, there's kind of an auspicious beginning in that you had been given the book by a friend. Yeah, Tim Stack. Yeah. Who's Tim Stack? He's A dear friend, Mary Jano and wonderful actor comedian. He plays the head of the FBI and The. Old Man actually. Oh, he does? Oh okay. He's great. Yeah, he's very good. I read the script and I said, wow, this is pretty good. I'm calling out to sue my wife and she says, yeah, Tim gave you that book about four years ago.

(1h 8m 22s):
You're Kidding me. I didn't realize it. And then I backed up, read the book, read the script again. Met with John Steinberg and Warren Littlefield. I had a project with Warren. I particularly love him. Oh, isn't he cool Man? Oh my God, what A great guy to hold the whole Thing. Almost an impossible show business person. And that he's truly creative and was an executive and all These things. Yeah. And John GRA is the same way. It's great to have the suits in this case be so fun. Cool. Yeah. And you grew up in an era where you just didn't do TV. Once you got to do movies, you were very careful not to go do Tv. Yeah, well my dad, Lloyd Bridges did Sea Hunt and then several other TV series after that.

(1h 9m 2s):
He busted his ass. Really worked hard 'cause it was all about the quality. But he was disappointed in the attention to detail that couldn't do it was too expensive. And so movies had it over tv but then you gotta look at who it comes outta tv, And. it took those biases and I said, well look at the product they're getting in a succession Oh. yeah. The best stuff is truly on tv. Yeah. And then doing it. Oh man. There's no difference in the shooting of it. The big difference in a movie, you know what the end is? Most movies, beginning, middle, end, but the series, it's like life. You don't know where it's gonna go. And have you come to embrace that and like that? Yeah.

(1h 9m 42s):
It's in the hands of John Steinberg. He's good. He writes great dialogue. He's such an open person. Definitely has a strong point of view, but he's open to other ones. And so I feel really connected and heard. How's fighting a lot at your age? That's pretty wild. I enjoy it in that it's kinda like a dance And. it has aspects of any other scene where you're trying to do something kinda interesting but also authentic real like it's happening for the first time. So to work with Tim Connolly and Tommy DuPont, my stunt guys and work on that illusion. Is it painful? It looks painful, yeah. One of those bumps and stuff like that. Sure.

(1h 10m 22s):
Yeah. But I look at the first season, those fights, I had this nine by 12 mask in my stomach. Oh my. That's crazy. Getting Hit and stuff. But it didn't hurt. It didn't feel that. Yeah. He found out, well first he felt it like A bone in my stomach. This is so textbook dude. You're like, it doesn't hurt. My wife said, you gotta go get that checked out. No, it doesn't hurt. We went to Montana, hiked around. Yeah. Months Went on an adventure. Yeah. Yeah. It's wild. Oof. So also we love Ali Shaw Cats. I Know. Isn't she great? Just what an interesting human being and Lith gals. So radical. Oh man. Yeah.

(1h 11m 2s):
Great Cast. Amy Brennaman. Great team. Season two. You gotta get your daughter back Basically. Yeah. So it's just the Andy is just upped on all fronts. Yeah. Stakes more international now. Are you traveling a lot in real life for them? No, it's all ai. They can make it so well, you can be anywhere in the universe. Yeah. My last question was just how did you and Susan handle, what was your strategy? Oh, two questions. Strategy. Did she travel with you during all the movies over the years? Did you guys have like a policy, Try to connect at night? FaceTime. I love to do that. Yeah. Yeah. But she doesn't like, and I don't like visiting movie sets that I'm not on. She'll come visit.

(1h 11m 42s):
But that's the probably the worst part of the gig is being away from my kids and my family. It's Easier when you're younger and then it's less and less fun. Yeah. What's going on lately? Well, I've got several things, but I don't wanna pimp all these Ideas. Please do. Okay. This is a place for safe pimping. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I'd look to take five minutes. Okay. Five minutes. Interesting. My wife channels Gene. So speaking of my wife, who is also a professional photographer, gave me a wide luxe camera for a wedding gift 47 years ago. A Wide Luxe is a panning still camera, very much like a 70 millimeter movie frame.

(1h 12m 25s):
Mark Hauer took some wide luxe of our wedding and I fell in love with it and I used that camera exclusively. And over the years, starting with Starman, I started making books for the cast and crew. And then I put out two volumes of condensed versions of these books that were available to the public. I think they're out of print now. Anyway, the camera's out of print. The factory burned down 30 years ago. Oh no. Oh my gosh. So Sue and I have gotten in cahoots with a couple in Germany, have this magazine, silver Grain And. we are recreating the Whitelock camera. No way. A film camera.

(1h 13m 5s):
Cool. People should go to Jeff Bridges dot com. I did today. and I looked at all these photos. There's incredible photos. Oh. yeah, there's also like tons of your drawings and sketches. It's a really fun place to get lost. Thank You for minute. Thank You. Yeah. Jeff Bridges dot com. If You go to Wide Luxe, two xs@theend.com. Just before I came here, I think they put the site up to get another idea of what this is all about. So you're gonna manufacture these things. Yeah. In Germany. Parts will be available. It's a big thing. Oh, that's very cool. So that's an exciting thing. I'm trying to think of another thing. Yeah, tell me another thing to pimp before Gene pulls the power, Is there a a real rush or is it a sham?

(1h 13m 47s):
What's the rush involved? Close Over. The groomers are coming over. You gotta, Lemme just lemme. I'm in the middle of, He's so good. You should Come back. Okay, I'm gonna go quick. Emergent behavior. Tell me about emergent behavior. I was inspired in some of these downtimes. We had strikes Covid what to do creatively and I went back in my mind to see what songs were half done. and I started to say, you know, I'm not gonna wait around till these are perfected. I'm 74, I'm just going to make my offering, man. you know? Yeah. And then if somebody wants to polish them off down the line and they can do that.

(1h 14m 31s):
So I started to take these songs and put them juxtapose to things. I would shoot with my iPhone, things I would get from the internet, all kinds of different sources. and I just had a ball and I would get a kick outta that. And then I put out five volumes of that. Each volume has about three or four songs on it. How do I consume those? If You go to Emergent Behavior, Jeff Bridges. Oh, I'm in. Of course you've got a lot. Of course. You visited my website. They should be on my website. This Little Babies in Different Color Squares. Oh. Yeah. Yeah, I saw those. Yeah. See that's one of the things I'm learning is how to promote online I know. And in it's very creative, the website, it's all your sketches and it's all handwritten.

(1h 15m 14s):
it Was a tablet that I discontinued. I don't do as much, but I wanna get back to that one other pa. One other thing has to do with the music as well. I got in cahoots with an organization called Breedlove. They wanted to know if I wanted to have a signature guitar made. and I found out more about them. And they are all about building their instruments outta sustainable wood. So this guitar is out of Myrtle Wood and Spruce and stuff, but it's all sustainable acoustic guitar, And. it says all in this together on the neck. And the proceeds are going to the Amazon conservation team, which is all about protecting the Amazon and the trees that we got there.

(1h 15m 57s):
And it's basically talking about how important trees are to us, you know, our logs. Yeah. And to not only inspire musicians who are going to buy a guitar saying where does that wood come from? But also people who are using flooring and furniture and all these things to be just sensitive about where that stuff come from. Right. And And I'll just throw for you, no Kid Hungry as well, which, oh, we've done a lot of stuff. Organization. Yeah. Yeah. I could go on about No Kid Hungry. That's been so successful. Now that you mentioned it. I'm gonna go into it a little bit. Yeah. Fuck Gene. She's got a cold Preference. No, no, no, no. I get She's just the Messenger. Yeah, I'm teasing.

(1h 16m 37s):
Gene. I've been Involved in ending hunger for many years. I had an organization called The End Hunger Network, And. we did a lot of lobbying in Washington And. we got quite a bit of stuff done. But it was frustrating to talk to senators and they would listen to you and they would nod and you thought, yeah, you really getting, and they'd say, let's take a picture. How about a picture? Oh boy. and I, walk outta that hall and I say what? you know. But this fellow Billy Shore I know how many years ago, 25 years ago, said, I'd like for you to be the campaign man for this organization called Share Our Strength and their No Kid Hungry Campaign. And basically it's not working with the Fed so much, although it does do quite a bit of fed work.

(1h 17m 19s):
But it's concentrates on mayors and governors and business people in the towns local to make local and make the difference. Just done some great work concentrating on the school meals and yeah. Summer Meals for Kids. Is this in general a great thing to remind yourself? It's so tempting to wanna start at the top, but really so many of these things are successful. You're so much better off. Walk out your door and look around at what you can do on a community level. I'd Like that. And I've got several other projects that next, next Encounters Next time it'll be called the Pimping episode session. Well, Jeff, this has been a pleasure. Thank You so much. Thank You.

(1h 17m 60s):
This was fun. All right, everybody watch season two of The Old Man on FX or Hulu. It's tremendous. And season two is upon us. So enjoy. He is an our care expert buddy. Makes mistakes all the time. Thank God. Monica's here. She's gotta let him have the effects. Do you notice anything different? Big, big pants. Rob? Do you notice your muscles are huge? No. Oh God. These tests are scary. I know. They're really, I love 'em. Do you get tattoo eyeliner? You're not looking, it's not, it's not Visual. It's, it is visual, but it's not me.

(1h 18m 40s):
That's a big clue. It's visual, but it's not you new perfume. No. Oh really? Smart. But that wouldn't be visual in your eye line. A new cop. There is a new cop, but that is not it. You're drinking wine during the fact check. Yeah. What is it? I'm, I'm using my computer for both of you. Oh, I'm so s And You didn't even notice. I'm really sad that we, I failed. That We tr I transitioned to the new laptop. How's it going? It's going okay. Just okay. Yeah. I'm not ready to say great yet. Did you plug the old one into the new one? Like did you just put a cable between them or did it all happen on Bluetooth?

(1h 19m 23s):
No, there's nothing. You haven't transferred all your stuff over? No. I'm just gonna leave it on the old one. Wait, start fresh. How come I don't have time for that? When you opened it up, didn't say, didn't ask you if you wanted to transfer your old stuff. Well, No, Rob set this up for me a long time ago. He put like in The eighties, the thing from the eighties, He put like the editing software and the Dropbox and everything on here. Yeah. I don't need the other stuff. and I, if I need it, I can go to that computer. It's a good excuse to go to that laptop. Do you think there'll be any moment where you have two laptops? Yeah. Dueling laptops. I do think for this, that's, how are you, are you gonna tell your story or not?

(1h 20m 4s):
I don't think so. Okay. I don't know. I don't, I can't wait to hear it. I don't think I'm ready to tell it. You still feel really sensitive. I understand. I had an, I had an event that I won't talk about. Okay, great. Yet maybe I will eventually I can relate. I don't know if you remember the time. I, I was really struggled one time with telling a story and it was like in the morning getting the kids ready. I wanna say Delta jumped at me and I, like I got up to catch her. And as I did, I farted, I farted. If I told that story. I didn't here before. Don don't think you told this. So I guess you struggled but you went with No, Well, I told this story for sure.

(1h 20m 45s):
I'm wondering if I told the I Ted story before, which was Delta when she was a little kid. Oh, Real little don. Don't know. Two or three. And Yeah, you have told this, but tell it Again. Yeah. I was by myself. Delta had had a humongous offering, like the biggest I've ever seen. Sure. it was right before bed. And then I put her in her diaper and actually she put herself in, it was when she had pull-ups. Oh, Okay. Got into bed, I put 'em to bed. I go into the living room and I start to watch TV. and I just hear from the room yelling, daddy AAU is diarrhea. and I thought, there's no way she has diarrhea.

(1h 21m 25s):
She just took the biggest evacuation of her life. Oh. yeah. And then I took her into the bathroom and she, it was one of the biggest ones of all time where I had to clean her back. And her butt cheeks, And, we were like, she Was probably a little sick. Something was happening. it was probably telling that the first one was. So she probably was constipated. Constipated. Not consummated. Constipated. A lot of people confuse consummation and constipation of course. But it's just the funny delivery of daddy. I fought it. She's like happy about it. Well, She knows her audience. She certainly does. She also notoriously wrote a song called Oopsies. I farted. That's true. She had a hit single for a while.

(1h 22m 6s):
So. Yeah. But anyway, But in that moment I stood up to catch her and farted. And it was diarrhea. Oh, Oh. yeah. And it was like right before I'd take him to school and I was like, oh my God. What? This is out of nowhere. No warning, no nothing. Yeah. I didn't do anything wrong. Kirsten. That made me Willy Wong way. It does make you long. Make you feel like a little child. Okay, so I'm not gonna tell this story, but I did have an unauthorized evacuation. I'll just say that. That's all I'll say. And it was, The transformation's almost Complete. and I thought that I was like, I can't believe, I can't believe I'm 37 years old and here's where I'm at. Like the, It's so unbelievable.

(1h 22m 47s):
It is so humbling. and I was lonely After I did, I felt really lonely, but also I felt happy. Oh, that I was single. Oh. Like dealing with all this. I was happy that I was alone. Okay. But then I was immediately sad that I was, that I was alone. It was bouncing back and forth. Yeah. and I texted you, but you were out of town and so you didn't respond. And then I was like, oh my God. Oh my God. I am disgusting. I'm Tonka. I really felt like I was Tonka. It's like I, I've never felt More like Tom. I never understood the shared DNA portion to a chimp more than that moment.

(1h 23m 31s):
I was like, yeah, we are 94 or 7% chimp. Yeah. Yep. We're animals. And I was all Dr. I was like dressed up. I, I'm not gonna say anything more. Okay. But, Okay. I can't wait to hear the details. But as it turns out, so all last week you were complaining of tummy trouble. Tummy trouble for Like two weeks. Tummy troubles. I know what's going on. And, we thought it was flies related. Yeah. But now I don't think so. Well definitely not because then I was having some issues this weekend and then other members of my family were having it. So I think there's a bug. I think there's a Tonka bug going around. Do you think they'll ever name a hurricane Tonka? Who or Travis would be, there's probably been a hurricane Travis.

(1h 24m 13s):
Yeah, I could see that. It'll be a while. 'cause don't they go We just had Helene. Yeah. For I, when I saw it was Helene I was like, I, I wished I could remember why they, when they named them women or men. Right. I thought it was every other, and I thought it was alternating letters. Like next one will be I I thought Azalea. Is that an I? Yeah. Cookie. Iggy. Hurricane Iggy sounds fun. Isaac. Isaac. That's biblical hurricane. You better batten down the hatches. Woo. My friend Sally, creator of Argent, shout out her family lives in North Carolina. And so she had text, she texted me on Saturday.

(1h 24m 54s):
I guess it was asking if I was touch with my family 'cause she couldn't get in touch with hers. Oh really? Yeah. All the power was out. Oh the cell was down And the cells were out. Yeah. Whoa. I know. Scary. But then she did get in touch with them. They're okay. Well I was a little misled 'cause I have a friend. Yeah. A close friend who got hit. I'm imagining as hard as anyone got hit. Like, 'cause the house flooded, then there was a cracked lithium ion battery in the house that then caught fire. So it was a fire and a flooding and all this stuff. And I was like, well I know a person that scary. This is getting hit this hard. It must just be completely flattening the state. Yeah. But I think he was Well you know, in the very bad blast zone.

(1h 25m 34s):
Right on the water. Oof. It's such a bummer. You sent me videos of like, you just come downstairs and everything he owns floating in your house. Awful. Awful. It could be more devastating. So awful. Ugh. Has there been a Monica? I Don't think so. That seems like a missed opportunity. Dare you. They'll never be at Ax. Why No one has that name? Well, a hurricane. They're not picking like, they're not making up names. Stupid Names. Isn't that common The name? You're absolutely right. That's a great counterpoint. I've never met a Helene. Yeah. Although I think I had a friend who wanted to name their kid Helene. Good thing they didn't. Yeah. Very good thing. There's Been a tropical storm. Monica. Ooh. Tropical storm Mon. Oh, that more sense.

(1h 26m 14s):
Monica Monsoon. Oh my God. Yes, yes, yes, yes. In an episode of Shameless called Hurricane Monica. Hurricane Monica. But no Real hurricane. Hmm. Speaking of names, do you know I haven't watched this show yet, but I really wanna watch it. I've heard it's great. It's called English teacher. Have you heard of it? We got a shout out. I heard of it. 'cause of that. People in the comments. So cool. Very cool. It's the second show that I'm aware of now. High School Musical. The musical. The musical. The musical. The show. The musical. Sure. And then now this, oh by the way, you know who's delivering the line? Langston who was on Bless This Mess Who I loved delivered the Line.

(1h 26m 56s):
Oh My God. And I wondered if it was an improv. Right. But it's also very sim because I guess the joke in it was His son was playing. it was like Got control. it was play some music or something. And all he did was play an Armchair. Expert. Yes. And then the other actor, he's supposed to be like, oh God, that's terrible. That would be the natural reaction. And he is like, Ugh, what won. Oh, that's funny. Or which episode, which I love. That leads you to believe he's listened. Yes. I liked It. I love it. But it's very sim because we were just on an armchair anonymous discussing what, who we thought our youngest listener was And.

(1h 27m 39s):
we were making jokes. and I made the joke that like at the dinner table, they're like, I I did my ACE score test. Yeah. Yes. Yes. And then this Happened. Yes. That's crazy. It is crazy. I watched something incredible this weekend. What did you, before I monopolize the conversation, you were on your back all of Saturday. Yeah. I was sick. I had watched other words. Prada three times. And then You, there needs to be a study about your adaptive maladaptive viewing habits when you're not Well I Know If it's maladaptive. 'cause it didn't cause any harm. You Were here with a smile on your face. So it worked. That's right. But it's so weird. You watch it three times this weekend.

(1h 28m 19s):
Well, okay, watch. I say loosely. Right. I had it on three times. Okay. You know? Yep. I also watched Will and Harper. That's Oh, how was that? Will The trailer looks very good. It was very heartening and lovely. it was lovely. Life affirming. Yeah. I mean it's sad. Like there's sad parts. Yeah. It's good. I, I really like for people who don't know, it's Will Ferrell and his friend Harper, who is 61 and is a trans woman. She used to write for SNL. She was the head writer at SNL. Yeah. They started at the exact same time, I guess. Exactly. Will Cayman as a cast member.

(1h 28m 59s):
Yeah. Yeah. They go on this cross country trip where they're kind of revisiting the places that Harper used to go. Like dive bars and kind of really random. Yeah. They're like a trans person. Like a scary place to be. Yeah. They're at like a rodeo or something. They go to something. Yes. That's very rural. Whatever it was. Yeah. It's sweet. It's really sweet. Yeah. What else did I do? Did you order any fun food on that day? On your back? Soup. Oh wow. You really were low. What was cost? When people order soup, it should, it's almost just like calling saying help. It is like, if I was a delivery person and I picked up a big order of soup, I would leave it on their porch.

(1h 29m 40s):
Whether they wanted a handoff or not. I would just leave it knock. I wouldn't want to be exposed. you know, contactless delivery. Whether you ask for it or not, you'd be getting it from me. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. So. yeah. So President, no one loves soup this much. I know Fucking evening soup. I know for dinner. Come on. It was Bad. Cut the shit. Yeah. And then coming off my experience. Yeah. That my experience was on Thursday. Just kind of ruined your weekend. Yeah. It just ruined my whole life. Okay. Yeah. Okay. I started to talk about it on Synced and I said, actually I don't think I can talk about this because I do think I owe it to Dax. Oh, that was really nice of you.

(1h 30m 21s):
But now I'm not sure I'm gonna do it. So it's a whole lot of back and forth. I'm just not in a good head space. Sure. We'll see if I get that. You're A little unmoored. it was a destabilizing it that It really was. I just didn't know I had it in me. Oh. Have you ever done something that you're like, I can't be, I, I didn't think I, it was possible. Well, yeah, the 12 years of raging addiction. Oh sure. I certainly have some things where I'm like, yeah, how do we either forget about that or accept that? What percentage have you accepted and what percentage do you think you just compartmentalize and is gone? I don't think any are gone.

(1h 31m 3s):
But I've had to work towards going like, yeah, that's what happened. Highly regrettable. But does it highly shameful And. we can't really do anything about that. Exactly. And. we just gotta go forward and not do that Again. Do you feel free when you do that? No. There's some things, I still have a little kernel of fear over fear. I just spit my bug out. I just spit oh's my bugs on the table. Now Y'all have fear. What if everyone knew this about me? Oh. And then I have to work through. Why not Everyone's gonna know that about me. Is that who I am today? Yeah. you know. But see, mine are more, I had actions that are highly regrettable. I had an action.

(1h 31m 44s):
You didn't choose. you know, don don't even know why you have any guilt. I think you should be like you're finally in the cool club. No, it was a choice kind of. Oh wow. Well kind of. Okay. I don, Do you see what's happening though? It makes me love you more. Well, You haven't heard the story yet. Okay. You're not gonna be my friend anymore. No way. I'll like you more. I already know it. I can already tell. Talk about messiness of being human. Oh my God. Oh my God. Literally lizabeth. Maybe this will put the second wind in that saying for us. You can bring it back. Oh, why not hear what I watch. I don't think you're gonna give this one a shot, but it is an incredible documentary.

(1h 32m 25s):
Okay. It's kind of like Jim crazy in that it is not uplifting. It's the Mr. McMahon documentary. Oh, I saw it. I did see Bill Simmons produced it. And it's so well made. And it's really, I followed wrestling when I was nine for three years. Yeah. And then I really stopped. And his own personal story, like, you know don don't know if you know any of this, but Vince McMahon didn't know his dad until he was 12. He grew up like in a trailer with a single mom. Dirt broke, met his father who was already the owner of that wrestling federation. He was like a showman who had this business. And he really wanted to be, well he wanted to work with his dad.

(1h 33m 5s):
Mm. And he wanted to prove everything to his dad. And then he eventually, his dad wanted to retire and he, his dad was not a great guy, obviously they meant when he was 12. And he said, why don't you sell it to me? He was in no position to buy it. But he is like, I'll pay you on this schedule. The dad said yes to it, thinking, well, he won't make the schedule and I'll get it back, but I'll get some money before he, he defaults, but he didn't default. Mm. And then he went about breaking all these customs where he started stealing talent from other regions. 'cause it was all regionalized. Yeah. And you were only allowed to have your, your circuit in your region. So everyone hated him. His dad was like, you can't do this. All of my friends who are also promoters are gonna be mad at me, blah, blah.

(1h 33m 46s):
He didn't care. He pissed his dad off. He built this thing. And they have these tropes in there. You're a heel or a baby face. You're a bad guy or a good guy. And you're always a bad guy. You're always a good guy. WCW came out and Turner wanted to destroy WWF and he had a lot of money and he started stealing all the big performers from WWF, Hulk Hogan, all these big, so then they started losing this war and then he made himself the heel. And it's insane how far the storyline went. He was like, had mistresses that were there. One of the mistresses drug, the wife. Oh my God. Oh, wife would be in a wheelchair. Oh my. It's all real. When you would watch the show, the owner of WWF, he was the heel. He was a bad guy. But is It all made up these mistresses and drugs?

(1h 34m 29s):
Or is It Well that's what the, the documentary is so fascinating 'cause No, it's like anything that's happening in real life, he would immediately do as his character. Oh. And so he becomes this deplorable and what they'll all admit every, his competitor, everyone, he became the greatest heel in the history of this genre. The most hated the most V vile, you know, reviled. And he just did deplorable things and he wrestled himself and he's huge. Oh wow. It's the craziest story. Tons of sexual misconduct, abuse. Ugh. The, the daughter and son who wanna also prove to him that they can take it over. And he's doing the same thing as his dad.

(1h 35m 9s):
Yeah. And he builds this thing into $10 billion property and is all he cares about is that business. And he is like, I'm a businessman before I'm a father or a person or anything. Wow. That is what I, I'll do anything for the business. So he was willing to have everyone hate. It's, it's a fucking wild psychotic journey through building something like that. Yeah. It's very dark. I mean, these wrestlers, they started dropping dead. Like, you know, there's like a pandemic level. Like a lot of these tons of these wrestlers didn't make it to 40 'cause of CTE, Steroid abuse, drug abuse. One of their doctors got federally indicted for selling them everything. You've got CTE is one of 'em.

(1h 35m 51s):
One of the wrestlers killed his whole family Oh. yeah. And then the dad was nice enough to let this guy who studied CTE study his brain. And it was like he said it was the worst case he'd ever seen of CTE. But then weirdly Vincent McManns the only organization that started cooperating and saying like, okay, I'm not sure I'm willing to say that our wrestlers have gotten CTE from us, but I am willing to going forward, what can We do? So like they got rid of hitting people with chairs. you know, all those Jesus Christ. That is absurd. I'm saying that out loud. Oh my God. Also, I bet that guy, he did something he thought he could never do. Well it was one of those suicide kill everyone then commit suicide.

(1h 36m 32s):
Oh God.

(1h 36m 36s):
Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare, You can live out your master chef dreams when you find a professional on Angie to tackle your dream kitchen remodel. Connect with skilled professionals to get all your home projects done well inside to outside repairs, to renovations. Get started on the Angie app or visit angie.com today. You can do this when you Angie, that

(1h 37m 19s):
That is so Awful. Oh, it's the darkest, awful. It's CT is so talked about. It is so scary. Yeah. Like as much as you know, we on here talk a lot about our brain chemicals and things we don't really have control over. And CTE, you don't have control over it. Well the worst part is it's degenerative. It just gets worse and worse. There's no arresting it. It's like it's damage and then it just continues to degenerate. I know. It's like that episode of blame where the radio lab episode of Blame where the guy has something, he has a brain surgery and then they have becomes a pedophile. Yeah. Essentially. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And like, well Let's just be careful in case he would wanna sue us.

(1h 38m 2s):
He started consuming pedophilia pornography. They found a bunch of pornography. He, he never, he child pornography on his computer. He never had a victim. Oh, I just wanna say that. Sorry. Yeah. So I mean I guess that gets into like what's a victim? But? yes. Child pornography on his computer post brain surgery and the doctors Masturbating nonstop. Can't stop eating, gaining weight. Yeah. Zero impulse control. Yes. And the doctors said that that was due to the surgery. My whole point is like the brain is doing stuff if you mess with it that you don't have control over and, and with CTE and this damage, like he killed all these people and in some ways there is a question like, can he be blamed for that?

(1h 38m 45s):
Right. Yeah. Well his wrestling move was the flying headbutt. Yeah. So he Was just jumping off the rope and Oh. yeah. Headbutting Someone 20 feet in the air. Ugh. It's so, it should not be allowed. Well Now they apparently don't have many concussions in that There, but I'm talking Oh. Yeah, yeah. Like football and all Of it. Oh. yeah. No, I need, yeah, they need to do everything they can. There's a Really good daily on it. I Know. You love that daily. You hate CTE. I Mean I hate CTEI hate it too. But you know, these things have different, we have different issues that trigger us more. That one is strong for you. I think it's related to your childhood stuff. Oh. Why? Tell me A seemingly normal person can all of start acting really unpredictably and in a scary way 'cause something in their brain.

(1h 39m 29s):
Oh sure. I'm sure that has something to do with it. But there's also a justice element to it. Football is a sport that is often a ticket out of a bad situation for a marginalized group. So it does affect that group more disproportionately. And it's not fair. Like a family that has a ton of money can opt out, can say like, yeah, we probably don't need to put our kid in football. Yeah. And if you don't, but you know, they have like that aptitude. It's more of a coin toss. Yeah. That's sad. That's so sad to me. It is. I guess the, the little piece of it to me that I'm always gonna lean on this side more than you are, which is like, do you think people have the right to destroy themselves and I think the white players that have played still would wanna play?

(1h 40m 19s):
Oh, I've heard a bunch of them say it. Like even when they learn of the risk, Once they've done it once they've already played. Yep. And once they, and they say, I would, I would still do it. Yes. But that's Not, and so I do, I I feel like what's crazy is I do feel like I would protect the right to do that. Like if someone decides with all knowledge that they want to go down that path, I am in favor of them being able to make that choice. But they're put in the position when they're kids. Like, you don't get to that point unless you've been playing since little. Well that's what's Yeah. The societal pressures now kids, parents with money are, are opting more and more to not let their white kids play. But poor white kids are playing. Yeah. Exact socioeconomics.

(1h 40m 60s):
Poor poor People. Yeah. Yes. Poor people are gonna always choose that And. that part is unfair. But there's also rich kids that will choose that. So if a rich kid chooses it and they have all the information I'm that I can live with that A kid though, that's a kid like I, a kid can't think in the future about CTE. Yeah. They don't know. Parents who are disenfranchised feel that they might have to put their kids in it. I don't think the kids' decision really is once they're, once they're playing, they like it. It becomes their thing and they're good at it. I personally don't think it works that way. I don't think a parent goes to their five-year-old who's shown no aptitude for anything yet. They're five goes, we better put 'em in football so that they can have a way out.

(1h 41m 40s):
I actually don't really think that's happening. I think little kids play football with each other on the playground. That's what's happening at Delta School. And then they want to join this team. Yeah. And their parents are like, yeah, teams are good. And maybe they're not totally informed. And once they are now good at it. Right. I do think another thing can happen. But I don't think parents are sending them into that feeder and thinking they're gonna get out. But It's CTE because of the daily I know this, they, it's repetitive hits. Yes. It's not like one hit or if, so these, they Used to think it was these big concussions. Exactly. Yeah. And it's the amount over time. So it generally is people who are like, Ooh, let's stick with this and let's see what could happen with them.

(1h 42m 24s):
And, and like, and so look, my whole point is I don't blame the parents who are like, well fuck this kid's really good at this and this might be their ticket. And they want ticket To Very bad and they want to, I feel like there needs to be regulation. Well it should be stated that the policies have changed dramatically. Yeah. There, there has been a lot of good adjustments. Like there's not full contact practices now, mostly speaking, they have changed a lot of things. They wear special helmets. I know, at least in the professional, they wear these insane helmets when they're practicing with the padding all on the outside. So it is not like they're not, they haven't adjusted. Yeah, they have. And then unfortunately we all have to wait to see how effective those were. Yeah. But I think Travis Pastrana should be allowed to do back flips on a motorcycle if that's what he wants to do.

(1h 43m 7s):
Even if it's gonna kill him. Yeah. I mean he's an adult and he's making that decision. And I think mountain climbers should be allowed to climb mountains. I know. But also And, we know they're gonna die at a, you know, 20% rate. But CTE has the high likelihood of affecting others. It incites violence. That's True. That's true. Hurting yourself. Yeah. don don't, I can't go for it. I don't like it. But like, yeah. Yeah. Okay. So that Zocdoc was really good. It's phenomenal. I had to binge it like I was craving. Wow. Oh, I can't wait to watch the next episode. I haven't had that in a minute. That's Fun. Yeah, It was really good. Okay. Well this is for qu Quentin Tarantino. This is for Jeff. Bridges. Oh my God. You wanna hear something crazy? Yeah.

(1h 43m 47s):
Remember he talked so much about T-Bone Burnett. Yeah. I met him this weekend. Oh My God. Weird. He's awesome. Cool. As soon as I met him, I'm like, of course he's two are friends. Yeah. He has that kind of like wispy, mystical wisdom. Ooh. He had in a southern kind of cool. Yeah. Oh, I love it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, there's not very many facts, but there was a debate of how many songs that he sold to Quince Jones. And you said too, he said one And it, it's confusing. Okay. On some places it says one Definitely Lost In Space. Okay. That's 1969. it was before he even landed his first lead role as an actor.

(1h 44m 28s):
Oh. And so it says he sold two songs he had written to Quince Jones, including Lost in Space. But it doesn't say the other song Was produced. Maybe It just doesn't say anywhere. And then some places it just says Lost in Space. So I understand why he's confused and why you are. Yeah. And then Heaven's Gate a a little bit of the lore, we said it had some Lore. Yeah. I didn't wanna really get too far into it while he was in front of us. Well, it faced numerous setbacks, including cost overruns, significant retakes, bad press, which he did talk about including allegations of animal abuse on set, rumors about the director's allegedly authoritarian directorial style.

(1h 45m 9s):
He had an expensive and ambitious vision for the film, pushing it nearly four times over. Its planned budget Four times. Lemme just put that in perspective. Like Warner Brothers gave me 25 million to make chips. Yeah. With the agreement, I would get a rebate from the state of California, so it would really be 20 million. Oh. Let's say that I set out to make chips and then it was a hundred million when it was all done. Oh God. I mean, I don't know how they, How do they even keep giving the money? I think they think they've passed the point of no return. Right. So I was, he didn't ask for four times the amount of money the first time. Yeah. First time he is like, look, the movie's 70% done and I can't finish it unless you gimme another 20 million.

(1h 45m 49s):
Yeah. And they're like, well fuck what, what are we gonna do? Yeah. We still owe a third of the movie to protect the first 25. We're gonna have to give him 20 more. And then that happens three more times. Yikes. Well, apparently it earned 3.5 million against its $44 million budget Oopsies. Yeah. You know, like I was so humiliated with having a movie that made exactly as much as it cost. Like that was a humiliation for me that the movie broke even. Right. I can't imagine what I'd feel like if the movie made one ninth of what I spent on it. Yeah. Oh. yeah. It's not, or I guess in that case, one 12, It's not a failure to break even.

(1h 46m 30s):
Right. That's what I'm saying. Like that to me is a huge failure. I know to Break even. I'm telling you it's not. Okay. Thank You, You're not listening. It's Not Haters will point out the marketing budget. They Have a small point. Okay. Why do you read them? Don't Read them. No, no, no, no, no. I didn't read anything. Speaking of, oh my God. Oh my God. I have to shout this out. hold on. Okay. Get my other computer. Get my computer from 96 and then my computer from 2003. Oh, you've got an actual, I have a prop. Okay. Somebody, I don't know who sent me a book that was made. It's called Fuck the Comments. Ooh, This is an Arm.

(1h 47m 11s):
Cherry did this. Oh my God. And like, it's full. And it's tricky 'cause I don't read the comments, so, you know. Right. But it's full of kind comments. No way. It's So, you know who sent that? We gotta shout them out. I know, but I don't know who sent it. Holy cow. That was thoughtful. It's so sweet. It says we the armchair contingency say fuck the comments. Us real fans know what's up. Oh my. And it's just a book full of beautiful, beautiful, sweet. It's so kind. I don't deserve it. Especially after what happened on Thursday. Oh my gosh. And I'm gonna keep it in Here. This don don't know how you're that's that's so nice.

(1h 47m 54s):
I know. I would've a very hard time receiving Matt. You don't think I should have received it? No, No. I'm saying I would have a really hard time receiving it. That's so sweets. It's crazy. It's, it's so sweet. And so Like, how much time it would it take to pour through all the comments? I know I Know. So whoever compiled this and also everyone who contributed, oh my Lord, you guys are the best and really made me feel very, very, I Very good. They should have sent it to me. And then once a time, once a once a fact check. That might be too many. I open it up and I read one nice comment. No. Okay. I, I'm glad they did. The way they did it, they did it perfectly. It should say, fuck the comments parentheses, except for these.

(1h 48m 36s):
No. 'cause you know, You still die Now You know, it's tricky because people Say this, if you're gonna believe the good ones, you gotta believe the bad ones. Yeah, I do believe that. Why? Why is that a thing? That sounds logical. But why? Because You don't wanna get so high on your own supply that you're not like, do You think that you're running a big risk of that? I don't, but I don't, I don't want to. I am aware that that's a slippery slope in this business. Really. Like it is very, very easy to get high on yourself. To surround yourself only. Yes. Men with yes men and people who are afraid to say anything to you. Yeah. That really goes against my identity because I feel strongly that people should be objective.

(1h 49m 20s):
No, that like, you should be able to say whatever you want to people, you know, and trust and care about. and I don't ever wanna be like, oh, the that per that friend of mine is saying something don don't like. So they're not my friend anymore. I think it's more common than not you. I think you have to actually tell yourself, I can't do that. I just decided I really want chicken parm. Oh, soups over two things was happening. Yeah. Wow. There's a lot going on in there. Yeah. I know anyway, but you know what I mean. I do know what you mean. And. it could lead to narcissism. And it could lead to an inflated self image, but Just not reality Could be not be reality.

(1h 50m 0s):
What about this though? There's enough negative stuff going on in here that reading some of that to me can rightsize my self-loathing. Well, I'm not telling you what to I, I want you to do whatever you wanna do Oh. Yeah. I'm just saying theoretically, if you're a type of person who's prone to a lot of negative self-talk Yeah. And that's what you're ingesting all day long and you read something that contradicts that And, it quiets that voice to some degree. Yeah. I guess for Me, I can see it being good. Well, sure. If it's good for you, great. Go for it. I don't think that's the right prescription is, I think the right prescription is figuring out how to silence the negative self-talk or combat within you.

(1h 50m 46s):
That's the only way you're really gonna feel good. Yeah. And you know, I did try to look at some of these. Yeah. And they're beau like they're so, So, but you can figure out a way that to make 'em Negative. I I can't feel it. Right. I really can't. And And it. I that feels mean to say because don don't wanna Discredit this nice gesture. Yes. Yes. Which is like the most beautiful thing. Yeah. But I don't internalize it. Well, I'm gonna hit you with another angle. Okay. This is a new approach. You do let the negative ones affect you. Yeah. Bad. So you owe it to yourself to let the good ones affect you because it's, that's not balanced either.

(1h 51m 26s):
Yeah. But it is balanced because I just remove them all. I just remove the negative ones. My reality is that these positive ones don't out, they don't fix the negative ones. Right. The negative ones aren't true. Some are maybe some aren't don don't know. And I'm not gonna try to figure out what's true and what's not true. Yeah. So I just take it off the table. So it is mildly helpful to see if your internal image is matching at all what the external world's telling you because you're trapped in your image of yourself. Yes And no. I really, so every, if 98% of the people are screaming, you're so beautiful. Un unprompted. Not like you were fishing for it just like when Lupita was on, she's so no one was asking for it.

(1h 52m 9s):
People couldn't resist to write. No, you can't. It how beautiful she was. I Know. She's so stunning. So Just imagine a scenario where you think you're ugly and you look at the comments and it's like, Lupita, that is relevant. You'd have to go like, okay, I have a broken sense of self. Yeah. But here's the thing that is not the problem. Okay. The problem isn't like, oh my God, I just haven't been looking in the mirror correctly. Like I, I'm, my brain's broken. I I can't see what everyone else is seeing. That's not the problem. The problem is that I feel ugly. Right. So their opinion, people's opinion isn't gonna fix my feeling about myself.

(1h 52m 53s):
I have to fix that. I agree with you. I have to figure out a way to look in the mirror and like what I see, no one else is gonna do that for me. Listen, I love this 'cause you are, you are making the exact point I always make and now I'm making the point you always make. So this is fun to try this On. I think I make your point. Yes you are. 'cause I'm saying that people don't make you feel a certain way. You decide to you, you react About yourself. Yeah. I'm just saying if someone says something mean to you Yeah. And your feelings are hurt. Yeah. I'm always saying that's your responsibility. And actually what people say is irrelevant. That, that's usually my position. So we've, we've swapped sides, which is Yeah, I think there's a little bit of a difference, but, but that's okay.

(1h 53m 33s):
Okay. But what I am saying is yes and no. If you think you smell great and 10 people in a row tell you smell like shit, you are going to take that on and you're gonna adjust yourself. You're gonna go, I really do. I'm not smelling it. But clearly I smell I need to use a different soap and I need to put on deodorant. So if that is true, why isn't the opposite of that true? Which is I am saying I'm ugly and universally everyone that meets me thinks I'm beautiful. I am the problem. That could be the I impetus for you confronting this delusion you have. Sure. Yeah. I get that. That could be the impetus. But reading You Still have to make it is not gonna fix it.

(1h 54m 14s):
It's it's then saying like, huh. It does. There seems to be some sort of disparity here. What is it? What's happening in my brain that is causing me to hate myself? Yeah. That's so And How do I fix Disjointed from what everyone else is telling me? Right? I mean Like, if you think you're really funny and nobody's ever laughing around you, when you tell these funny jokes, you know it's time for an inventory. Is It though? Because Okay. Yes. There's I know I Know because thinking you're funny isn't a bad thing. It is. If you're making jokes all the time and they suck. I've been around a lot of people that do and they're usually the boss and people laugh out of respect and deferential.

(1h 54m 58s):
Sure. And they're not funny. Yeah. And they're abusing the whole system. Well and everyone's gotta suffer through it. Okay. Okay. Dude, If they're abusing a system, that's bad. But if they think they're funny, I just called you dude, that almost never happened. That was weird. They're like, dude, Is that because of what happened on Thursday? No. Oh. Oh my god. Yeah. Sorry. Funny So. yeah. I'm so funny. and I tell jokes at dinner and no one laughs and I'm taking up time. But If it's making you feel good because you think you're funny, no I wouldn't don don't want that person to walk around thinking like, I am so not funny. That's bad. They need to evaluate what offering they have that is pro-social.

(1h 55m 38s):
Sure. They can't just listen. I don't want to out anyone in my life, in my family. But you know, there were some people that could have stood to just recognize that's not their offering. I Know, I Know. They had other great offerings. Sure, Sure. I get it. But resident comedian wasn't it? How about this? Yeah. Do you like when someone tells terrible jokes? No. Look, I I It's really painful. Right. It's bad. I'd rather them do something foul. Well, Because you are stuck now in this position where it's like your own prosocial. Nature's gonna force you. I mean, when someone tells that stinker, can you tell bad joke? What?

(1h 56m 18s):
Knock, knock. Who's there? Orange? Well, I am gonna start excited actually. Okay. Knock knock. Who's there? Orange. Orange? Who? Orange. You want some applesauce? That's the Joke. I Know. Imagine if that was my reaction. I could never give that reaction. I, I would love to. Do you get that one though? Well, mine, yeah, But you're supposed to say banana, banana, banana, banana. No, I made this one up. I know because I wanted it to be bad. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No. Yeah. I reckon Because all my jokes are so good that They're really good. Anyway, listen. Okay. Back on track. Back on track. Jeff Bridges Never told a bad joke. No. He tells great jokes. Excellent lover, musician, actor extraordinaire.

(1h 56m 58s):
Okay. He mentioned No Kid Hungry and I do wanna just No Kid Hungry is a fantastic, fantastic organization. It's Kristen works closely with No Kid Hungry, getting Food to kids at school. Yeah. It's really a very, very awesome organization. So if you're looking for a good place, Donate how Donate Or volunteer look into No Kid Hungry is a vetted place. Yeah. Very good. Trusted brand. Very Trusted. That's It. That was all. Yeah. Okay. Well that was fun. Always fun. So that book's gonna go unread. You Can read it. I've read it all. There isn't a comment in there that I haven't read. I'm Gonna leave it in here. How about this? Yeah, I'm, and I'm giving you permission to offend me.

(1h 57m 40s):
Okay. and I won't get defensive. Okay. Do you think you've observed a negative outcome of me reading the comments personally? Not like whether or not I address stuff on the show and you don't. Right. I should have to do that or whatever for my own personal wellbeing. Has it, have you noticed it's Diminished It or I I have an example of a time and I. Don't know. I don't think we wanna get into it. I Kind of dying to hear it. Don. Don't know if we wanna get into it, but we can try it if you want. Yeah, let's try it. Okay. It's actually funny 'cause it's sort of the impetus of this whole thing. This was a really long time ago. We had a guest on that. I had a sense was gonna be controversial.

(1h 58m 22s):
So I knew that going in Yeah. I had the expectation Yes. That there was gonna be blow back. A lot of blow back in the comment section. Yeah. I do not think you had that expectation. Yeah, probably. And and this is what happened. You were reading them. Yeah. And it was, it really upset you. Yeah. And it Didn't, I'm saying Yeah, don don't know the example you're talking about, but I know for sure I have been upset. Okay. Yeah. So Well I'll, it's, it was Megan Phelps Roper. Oh, can I say that actually? Sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. it was, we had Megan Phelps Roper On. Okay. Right, right, right.

(1h 59m 2s):
And I knew that that was gonna be a controversial Yeah. and I was a little shocked. You were not expecting it. Right. And so you started reading the comments and they were, I didn't know this, but I figured that they were really upsetting you because you then sent a text to the working group Okay. About us being better at Oh, moderating, moderating monitoring the comments. Yep. Yep. And deleting ones that are very negative to the guest. To the guest. Yeah. Yeah. Is is not to me, but to The guess. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. And you were saying it with a, a tone and a fervor that I knew you were riled up by things you had read.

(1h 59m 45s):
Sure. and I think your reaction was an was not true to you. I think your, your reaction was outsized because you were very upset by what you were reading. It upset You. I wa Oh, I was, I was, I thought that the person and it was hateful, the person's humanity like that Yes. Her humanity would cut through all that political talking point stuff. Yeah. and I was so disappointed. Yeah. For yeah. For you were disheartened Yeah. By humanity. Like, it, it had an, my point is, 'cause this is what the question was. Yeah. Has it had an impact? Yes. Well that's an example to me of one that had an impact, not just on your mood, but then it, it spread quickly.

(2h 0m 29s):
Yes. Thousand percent I don't think since then. 'cause we did have multiple conversations after that. Yeah. I haven't noticed it. Yeah. Well 'cause I just, I'm gonna do it. and I decided I was gonna do that. I then of course I had to adjust and go like, okay, well if you're taking this on, you're gonna have to be able to do this in a way that you, it doesn't keep you eye rail. Yeah. And disheartened in humanity. Yeah. and I think the fact that it hasn't happened since then in some blaring way at least. Yeah. I figured out how to do that. I think. Yeah. 'cause I have, since that moment, that's when I started doing it. Always reading the comment.

(2h 1m 10s):
Yeah. I guess I was aiming more for like, did you, have you noticed that when I read stuff that my body looks good, I'm all of a sudden egomaniacal or Something? Oh no. Okay. I don't even know If I'm a hundred percent honest. I have let the positivity invade me myself is, my self image has changed. don don't know if I, well I have also physically changed, which is confusing. So I have physically changed, but then also I have let in what people are telling me. I think that's great. And try to accept that. That's as hard as it is to do think that's, I think that's lovely and I'm glad you're able to hear it. I do think, and tell me if you disagree.

(2h 1m 51s):
Okay. I think you're a little more susceptible in this life to stranger's opinions of you than I am. Yeah. That's, this is like a personality test. Yeah. Because yes, you and I just, it's a metric. Yeah. Yes. But me in general has gone like this, so it's like Sure. A little. So yes. And also it has diminished a lot. Yeah. I I think that's True. Twisty turvy. I think we did really good with that. Yeah, Me too. Oh, we've grown a lot. Good job. Good job. Hey, love you. Love you.

(2h 2m 42s):
Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.

(2h 3m 2s):
In a quiet suburb, a community is shattered by the death of beloved wife and mother. But this tragic loss of life quickly turns into something even darker. Her husband had tried to hire a hitman on the dark web to kill her, and she wasn't the only target because buried in the depth of the internet is the kill list. A cache of chilling documents, containing names, photos, addresses, and specific instructions for people's murders. This podcast is the true story of how I ended up in a race against time to warn those whose lives were in danger. And, it turns out convincing a total stranger someone wants them dead is not easy. Follow kill list on the Wander app or wherever you get your podcasts, you can listen to Kill List and more Exhibit C, true crime shows like Morbid early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus, check out exhibit C in the Wondery App for all your true crime listening.