
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert Experts on Expert. I'm Dan. She and I'm joined by Miss Monica Padman. Hi. Hi, miss Monica. Hi. Hi mom. How are you doing today? You know somebody made an Instagram, I sent it to you. Yes. Herm AM's Instagram, his own Instagram. And I think in the description it says you're his mom. It does. I wanna applaud whoever made that big high five to whoever grabbed Herm and Permian. I hope he has like a million followers by tomorrow.


Okay. Our guest today is Dr. Jenny Tates, who is a clinical psychologist, clinical professor in psychiatry at UCLA and bestselling author. She has a couple of great books, How to Be Single and Happy and Emotional Eating. Her new book, which is out currently is Stress Resets, how to Soothe Your Body and Mind in Minutes. This was helpful. I think this is a great one for the top of the year. Oh, no kidding. Yeah. Get People in a routine. I feel like when we're overwhelmed now we turn to a lot of outward sources to help us and it, this was very encouraging that you can look, you can turn inward.


Yes. And she took us to task in a great way. Yes. And had a lot of recommendations for us personally. Yeah. Which we needed. Yeah. So please enjoy Dr. Jenny Tates.


If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC. Terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


We are supported by All State. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, check that you have all the ingredients for a recipe before you start cooking dinner. Or checking If you need to use the bathroom before you start recording so you don't need to take a break. Mid show checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is intended for audiences in the US only. Savings vary terms. Apply Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates. Northbrook, Illinois.


He's an You have your own coffee shop. I see Leora Matcha. That's a matcha. That's a matcha. Pistachio milk. Oh, Pistachio milk. Tell me about pistachio milk. Discovered it at Leora. Okay. Not too sweet. Ah. But little like nuttiness. Nutty. Yeah. Interesting. Nutty. Okay. I'll give it A whirl. Do you have a preferred nut milk? You know what? That's a naughty sounding sentence by the way.


It's, it sounds terrible. Ew. I know. I'm Sorry. I'm back on whole milk. There we go. Nice. I've reverted back. Get that calcium. Sure. I used to think it affected my skin. It didn't affect either way, so I went back and I like it. Love It. Is pistachio not your favorite? No, I usually do La Colo with a little bit of Laird. Do you know Laird? No, the non-dairy creamer. Oh, is it by Laird Hamilton? Yeah. Yeah. Is it mushroom based? No idea. But it's great. I like that there's like different flavors. Not too into the seasonal ones. Like they have mocha mint, but Oh, okay. Have like plain little cardiman plain. Yeah. Wow. He's a special dude. Lad Hamilton, You know him right? You Met him. I just met him for the first time the other day. But we were right behind he and his wife.


I think her and Kristen were having a moment where they're very much married to kind of old fashiony guys in some way. I don't know how to phrase that, but she said, listen, I like his vibe. He'll say to me in the kitchen, it's gonna be okay. It is okay. That's like his big saying to her. I like that. Isn't that great? Yeah. Really everything is okay 'cause what other option is there? Think Good and it'll be good. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. These are all the times we're gonna get into. But yeah, he's like tapped into some kind of primitive way we were living that seems to be yielding positive results. Like stay very active, stay physically, eat well, eat good and everything will work out. There's some genius to That. I Believe in that. Okay. Let's start with the fact that you teach at my alma mater.


Do you like it there? I do. I teach psychiatry residents had to do cognitive behavioral therapies that I specialize in, so it's super cool. We actually do a group where we have a dozen people on a zoom and it doesn't matter If you have social anxiety, general anxiety, PTSD, the treatment is the same. And so it's awesome because people can come in with social anxiety, OCD, major depression and still get significantly better in a matter of weeks. It's a cure all. It works for everything. It Works for anxiety and depression. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Anxiety disorders and depression. I think the first fun thing, I know what CBT is and I think a lot of people in the audience will know, but I think maybe we should just delineate the difference between like say psychoanalysis and CBT and then you have a second kind of specialization that I hadn't heard of and I want you to tell me about that one as well.


Sure. So it's interesting. I went to graduate school all hyped up. I'm like, I can't believe you can get paid to talk to people. Sure. And like there's a science to it and you could move the needle and people can get better. And then I did all these things to kind of test the waters to see before you go to grad school for six years, be like this. Yeah. Yeah. And I started volunteering at the Suicide Prevention Center and literally the first call I got there, someone was listening in to see how I feel to the questions and I had done all sorts of training through them. And then the final step in the training is this test call. And this woman, she was 14 years old, she had already taken a bottle of pills and was sounding pretty loopy on the call. And during our call, I'm trying to talk to her, someone starts banging on the door.


My supervisor who was listening on the call had called an ambulance and the girl was pissed. She felt betrayed. Yeah. And it gave me this sense of I really wanted a career that not only saved lives but made lives worth living. And I was super stoked. And then I went to NYUI was really cool. I majored in psychology and social work and doing the social work bachelor's allowed me to literally, I will be wearing my college clothes and then grabbing my Bellevue id. I literally had the opportunity to be a therapist at Bellevue. Okay. And Help people maybe above be be, this is kind of a famous institution. Yeah. Bellevue. You hear about people getting sent to Bellevue and movies. Bellevue at that time, I don't think it's currently there, but Bellevue had a floor in a men's homeless shelter for men who were substance abusing, struggling with mental illness and homeless.


And so I got to do that. And between the suicide prevention center, most people were happy for that help there. And working with people that were really struggling with a lot of complex problems. I was like, I wanna be a psychologist, it's gonna be amazing. And then I get to grad school and I'm like, oh my God, these people are kind of weird. I don't wanna be anything like these professors. Really, these professors seemed super socially anxious. They didn't really have like a clear way to define when someone would be ready to graduate treatment or how many sessions it would take. And so this is kind of a way of getting back to this question of the difference between psychoanalysis and CBT. And I think a lot of people misunderstand that CBT is just kind of playing whack-a-mole on a problem. I've heard psychoanalyst describe it that way.


I See CBT as really helping someone both look in the rear view mirror. Can you look at what in your past has led to this moment, but also a huge premium on understanding your current mental habits and loops and understanding the process through which we struggle and there's kind of a systematic way to measure change and there's a lot of skill building. So the idea is that we have 400 emotions a day. 6,000 thoughts at least a day. Yeah. 20,000 breaths a day. Do we have a structure in place to navigate those? I'm all for therapy, but I also don't know if a therapeutic relationship is the way that I see a person transforming their life Patterns being broken. I think it's unfortunate they're kind of pitted against each other. 'cause I don't think that's really necessary because I definitely see the value of ccbt and have a toolkit and have some actionable things you can do.


Totally. And then also I think it's very worthwhile of understanding how one ended up in a position where they need these tools. And I think good CBT does both. My goal as a CBT therapist is I care about your time. I care about your money. Let's do this. Let's graduate. Yeah, let's keep in touch. Come visit me for spot treatments. But go live your best life. Monica and I have talked about this a lot. There is this very nebulous zone where you're like, am I ready to quit this? Right or not? And then you're fearful If you stop psychoanalysis somehow you're gonna revert or something. It's a very ambiguous conclusion I can admit. Yeah. I feel like saying I'm stopping therapy. It feels like arrogant to say that.


I Love that. That's my goal. That's great. Yeah. Yeah. But I, but I also love thinking flexibility. Might wanna just say that there are so many psychoanalysts that are totally brilliant and I so much respect. We love that. So much respect for them. We're so in Love with one we do love. I need to watch that show. Oh. Oh. I'm like very bad at tv. I wonder what you'd think though, coming from inside. Well, I'm gonna make a very bold prediction is I think you'd come into it feeling the way you would feel. And then I do think you would watch Orna do some stuff that is absolutely mind blowing and so worthwhile. And then some level of empathy and optimism. I've never seen anyone really display. Yeah, that's very Impressive. And you'd probably also have your own ideas about the couples and how you might wanna talk to them.


Yeah, I don't do couples therapy, so on its own is super fascinating. I would imagine you can do CBT for a couples. Totally. I target a lot of what someone would want to work on in their marriage. One-on-one. Yeah. Yes. And then what's the second thing? DBT is the second thing. So dialectical behavior therapy. What is that? It's a newer treatment that was developed in the nineties by Marshall Han, who is a professor emeritus at University of Washington. And she herself had struggled a great deal early in her life. She came out at the end of her career saying that she felt like she needed to share with her patients. It was actually insane. Yeah. She went to this hospital that she was hospitalized in herself and told her story and the place was like windowless and depressing and horrible aggressive treatments when she was a patient there.


Yeah. And the unit that she was on, excuse me, the chills talking about it is now a DBT unit. Oh wow. Which teaches mindfulness, interpersonal effectiveness, how to be more effective in relationships. Ask for what you want, say no while maintaining self-respect and building relationships, emotion regulation, learning to kind of be able to dim down your emotions so they don't feel like they're on an on off switch. And be able to act independent of how you feel. So if you're like super mad, can you still be nice to your kid if that's in the service of your value. Yeah. And then distress tolerance, how to survive a crisis without making things worse. And so DBT is an awesome treatment that is the gold standard in suicide prevention, but has now been found helpful, well beyond that population to treat other, difficult to treat problems like substance use.


Okay. So it started there and then because of its efficacy, it's not totally not being applied other places. Okay. So your book is called Stress Resets, how to Soothe Your Body and Mind in Minutes. Where to start? I think maybe let's just kind of define stress. I think that too could be an ambiguous word. Some people would call some things stress that aren't and other things that are not. What would we say stress is? So Stress is this mismatch between your demands, what you're facing and your resources. Mm. And so it's one of those moments when you think it's too much. I can't, yeah. And so much of stress is really subjective. The thing that's interesting to think about with that is If you have stress and believe stress is bad for you, that actually increases your risk of dying from stress related causes.


And so I wouldn't get too down on your body's stress response. That's actually a huge part of what I wanna share is If you normalize like it makes sense that I have stress in my life. If you don't have stress, your life would probably be pretty shitty and boring. Yeah. There's also a tremendous amount of benefits associated with this stress response. Right. Your immune system improves Totally. There's a lot of things that your body is ready in itself to take on a challenge. Yeah. So If you combine seeing stress is like the price of a meaningful life and your body stress response is serving you butterflies is like oxygen. Helping you improve performance at risk youth that are on their way to college that are taught that stress is okay, everyone feels stressed. Stress is something you can deal with. It's adaptive, not maladaptive. Yeah. Yeah. With the right supports, you're not alone.


You have nothing to be ashamed of. And what your body's doing in those stressful moments is actually helpful, not shameful. One of my favorite papers on the topic is called Turning your Knots into bows. Literally teaching people that the knots in their stomach are actually bows, improves their performance on like the GRE. I can feel it. I always say this when we do live shows, it's like all of that stress for me, 'cause I trust it now converts immediately into like improved cognition. I can think quicker. You know I'm more agile and luckily because it hasn't gone bad a bunch, right? I associate that feeling at least before I walk out on a stage. It's like, oh good, my superpower has arrived. That's amazing. Because that's totally different than what happens to most people is you have a stressful event.


I mean, I think as people were masterful at something stressful happens and we multiply it, we think the worst, take something ambiguous and make it 10 times worse. Right. And then that obviously doesn't number to your body. And then the combination of your mind and body feeling like they're rebelling against you does not put you in a good position to deal with the demands in your life. Yeah. And I don't wanna prevent you from framing it in a positive way, but I also think there's some other fun physiological things that are happening when your stress is increasing dramatically. We know that the areas of your brain that are working are also changing, right? You're probably living in your amygdala when you're at peak stress, whereas you'd hopefully wanna be in your frontal lobe making some executive decisions and putting a plan in place.


But just this thinking itself is in a different region If you succumb to that A hundred percent. And that's why I teach all sorts of ways to get kind of out of emotion mind and more into a reasonable mind or wise mind. Yeah. I don't wanna minimize, stress is very real and a lot of us are feeling super stressed these days, but how do we stop ruminating, which is one of the trans diagnostic, like a cross diagnoses. This is one of the things we target in my group and we deal with in DBT, but how do we target overthinking? Something happened for two minutes and you could be playing it 20 hours later and this is insane. But if you're asked in a lab where there's all sorts of physiological measures hooked up to you about the worst thing that ever happened to you, your body literally re-experience it even if the person that did it to you is dead.


And I know you had polsky on here, like how do we break free of overthinking? This is why zebras don't get ulcers. I'm a great ruminator. Me too. I'm a Worst class ator too. And in intro to Psycho, I was like, this is me. This fed into why I got into the mindfulness based therapies that I practiced because I was like, this actually works for me. And I thought that this was just impossible who I was. Yeah. By the end of this, I want you to be a world class ex ruminator. Oh, I would send you Christmas gifts, you know? No, we're Doing it. We're doing it holiday. Yeah. Yeah. So exciting. You also ruin it so much. That's probably the, this is My glue that binds us. We're gonna do it. I just want everyone to hear me out. Anything I say is not something that I randomly thought about this morning, like a gym class based on many research papers that resources are expensive.


So we could talk through it all and you could tell me what you think would work Great. Because I want to know if there's papers on this, like dural versus nocturnal rumination. My nocturnal rumination is its own thing or feels like its own thing. Like in the daytime I think I have a lot of tools and I employ them pretty well, but I wake up at 3:00 AM and I am fucking defenseless. I'm even saying to myself, this is madness. You won't care in the morning. Zero impact on the rumination. But we'll get to that. We'll get to the treatment that's coming our way. But there's a couple things that you lay out in the intro that I think are worth repeating, which is you give these great examples of your husband Adam. Right? Go ahead. He's in the kitchen one morning, in The kitchen, one morning rushing before work. And we have a small child. We have three small children, but one is the smallest and he spills literally a gallon of milk on the floor and Adam likes to make sure that things are properly cleaned.


And so he starts aggressively trying to clean up the milk in such a way that he ends up cutting his hand. Oh God. On the cake plate of the bottom of fridge. And then we didn't have any bandages in the house. So then he runs to the local CVS busy with the baby at that time. And I also, I'm not quite sure this merits the CVS visit. Sure, sure. That's a side note should done with a couples therapy. Yes, yes. And the great thing about Adam is he came home from this and he was like laughing with my laughter. Okay. So he goes to CVS to get a bandage and some neosporin and gets into a fender bender stop. And like most of life is not spilled milk. And I just wanna double down on life is really hard and I don't wanna minimize.


And I've certainly been through hard things myself, but the fact that we can go from spilled milk to cutting your hand to a fender bender and thank God it was just a fender bender is mind blowing. And at the same time, I have had these things myself. Like I was stressed postpartum. This was the second kid. I'm like picking up my nail and thinking I have no time. I have to pump, I have to get to work. I have a book deadline, I am out of time. And then I give myself a treatment resistant infection From biting her nails. Oh My God. Literally it was like picking my nail. Your immune system is down apparently when you're in nursing. And so my friend's a doctor, they're like, you have epsis, you need to like go to the er. Oh my God. Like stop infection or something weird. And then I'm like, okay, so I'm sitting in Cedar's er for like six hours and I'm like, I thought I had no time and now I really have no time.


But we're specialists at doing this to ourselves. And to your earlier point, when we're stressed, the emotional parts of our brain is on fire. But people are also remarkably good at getting better with the right tools. If I had just slowed down, I noticed, okay, there's the urge to pick up my nail. I could do something instead. I like those examples because it's an ounce of prevention's worth a pound of cure because I think a lot of people's pushback will immediately be, and mine is initially I don't have time to add something to my plate. Right? Like I don't want to do any mindful practice or I don't wanna stop for five minutes in the middle of this experience to check in and to use some of the tools. I don't have the five minutes to do that, but I would just argue that nine times outta 10 it's going to cost you far more time. 'cause they do, they just compound.


And then not to out my wife, but I watch my wife in the kitchen frazzled then yes, she's moving too fast 'cause she feels like she jumped down. Now we've gotta a spilt thing and I'm just watching from the sidelines going like, oh, oh wow. There's just a tornado of things now cascading. Or you have like an issue at work and then you're an asshole at home and then that's like, let's just make your whole life terrible Now. Everything's bad. Yeah. Both places are Bad. Almost all of us, we have some really counterproductive responses to stress. So people that are tied on money may find themselves overspending as the result of that. Or they have a big deadline and then the response is procrastination or trying to perfect the thing they have the deadline about or you're feeling anxious and you start researching this and hyper-focusing on it and now you're in panic.


So a lot of the ways we deal with this is that what? That's you. I Well I think that's everyone with WebMD. Everyone's an expert now on every single thing that's wrong with them. And you just go immediate to panic. I do panic a lot. I Was gonna say, we can only fix you. I Think If you a panic. No, no, no, no, no. Serious. And you guys, nothing makes me more excited. This is my Christmas. Like I feel like you're giving me a Christmas gift. Another thing that is on the list of things that backfire, that was the impetus for writing this book is so many people, especially people that are lucky enough to get help. 30 million Americans take benzodiazepines. So Here's where you and I are perfectly aligned and I can already tell you what the comments are gonna be. People are gonna yell at me and go, it saved my life.


Lay off benzos. I'm not talking to you, I'm talking to the person. You don't yell at them. No, I need to yell at them. I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to the person that as we described this, you know in your head, I could probably get through this without this. It is a huge epidemic no one wants to talk about. And in your book, 93 million prescriptions for benzos a year in this country. So yes, a lot of people need them. They're saving some people's lives. They're also dramatically overprescribed and there's a huge cadre of people who are addicted to them. I've watched people get sober for 20 years. It is one of the gnarliest things to get off of your brain. Chemistry is so altered for so long. You could be smoking crack for a year straight after 30 days of sobriety you'll be pretty back to normal. I've seen benzo addicts take a year to return.


I'm so pro drugs. Do MDMA go do mushrooms? But that one you really look out for. Yeah. And I'm happy to talk a little bit about what my issues are with it specifically. Yeah, tell me. So I mean a few things. The first thing to realize is do you know about their history? No, I don't like how they were developed. They were testing antibiotics basically. And they noticed that mice on the verge of being electrocuted were acting passively when they were given this compound. And so I don't know about you, but if I was about to be electrocuted, I would like to be a little alert. Love to feel it. I like to be on high thread alert. Yeah. And so then Arthur Sackler of the opioid crisis started marketing these to women in the 1950s. It was mother's little helper. Exactly. It was The Sacklers. Yeah.


Yeah. They've got a rich history. Oh my god. Yeah. But I don't know about you, but I don't think a pill is a cure for an unsatisfying life. And my goal wouldn't be to like be dragged into submission if my days are dissatisfying. I also just think it's interesting that when you need to be your sharpest, when you're stressed and you need to have your full brain to solve problems in front of you, you're taking something, I'm moving through the world. I'm seeing tons of people really fucked up on benzos that I don't think most people are picking Up on. Well the thing that breaks my heart docs is that so many of my patients come to me not realizing that there are other options. I love people and I think people are amazing, but these people seem like they might have had a brain injury. Sometimes people that are incredibly privileged that keep going up on the dose because like a concierge physician is willing to keep you habituate to it, then you need to keep raising the dose Building.


Both things are true. You're abusing it more and you're building intolerance. Yeah. And like you, I believe of course If you need this take, you know a patient of mine was like, I feel so bad I have to take this. I'm finding out tomorrow if this ailment is terminal or not. I'm like, oh my goodness for me like to tell you what To deal with. I think there's some acute use, which is great. One Cool thing for people that are listening that are thinking, I tried to detox once and it was hell, I don't know if this is anecdotal or larger, but I've had a couple of clients recently that are taking drugs like GLP ones and finding that their detox is going a little bit better on the ben. Yeah. So that for people who dunno, GLP ones are ozempic, all the semaglutide. The one person that has tried that I'm thinking of in particular, he was on like six milligrams and really his whole life was on hold.


Like yeah, okay, your body's not stressed but you're not able to get a job. Well That's cool that that's helping because they're starting to really look into those GLP ones for addiction. I'm very encouraged by it. I'm not a psychiatrist so I can't say for sure, but this person has found that really helpful. And so one of the things coming back to U UCLA LA that brought me into writing this book was a colleague of mine, a psychiatry resident, Gil Hoffman was saying in the peak of Covid when people were super stressed, like, hey, did you see this new paper that found that this song called wait list was found by researchers at the University of Pennsylvania to reduce anxiety before surgery almost to the same effect as a benzo. And I was like, what? That's crazy. Listening to a song for five minutes and actually the song is so relaxing.


What's The song? It's called Wait list. This is what I play for my kids. If they're not going to sleep. What? You could do that for your middle of the night. Oh, It might help. Yeah. I use a book on tape to get out of it. But yes, It just opened my mind that there's so many things we don't realize that are free of side effects. We live in this world where it's like the fancier the better. But like there's simple things. Okay, so people love this quote. I'm gonna read it again. It bears reading Vitor Frankl, Holocaust survivor psychiatrist, what's his great book? He's got a great book. Man's Search for Meaning. The quote is between stimulus and response. There is a space in that space lies our power to choose our response in our response lies our growth and freedom. And the goal of your book is to widen that space.


Yeah. There's so many things we could do moment to moment to make it a little easier. Maybe when emotions are super high you can't do the hardest thing. But you could do something like relax your face, which automatically signals to your brain that I need to stop judging and thinking this is the worst. And then that maybe allows you to find your breath and then Maybe you could do the next thing and there's all these things you could stack together. Yeah. The first part of the book is called Befriending stress and we're kind of already been dancing around it, right? Which is a bit of reframing or really coming to see it as something useful for you. And one was the not to the bow. Do you wanna elaborate on that at all? If We could really normalize that our body's serving us and we don't need to judge it and we don't need to be ashamed of it, then it automatically stops.


The cycle of your body does something, your mind makes it worse, your body then gets worse and then it's a tornado. I Also think of stress as being a good indicator. If I'm feeling the physicality of stress or anxiety, it makes me think what's going on in my life that is causing it to then address that. If you look at it as oh it's actually telling me something, then I think that's a smart way of embracing stress and saying that, oh actually, so I need to look at what's going on. I love that. And I think you could also swap the word stress for emotions. Like this is also so relevant with emotions or people judge their emotions and then judge their body's emotional response. But you could use the two synergistically. Yeah. How do we regulate our emotions?


So Many ways to regulate our emotions. I keep coming back to this three part sequence of our thoughts, our physical sensations and our behaviors. So If you dissect an emotion into like its fundamental ingredients, it's thoughts, physical sensations, behaviors. So it's like you go to sleep and you start telling yourself I need to go to sleep two hours ago because I have this important meeting tomorrow morning that is going to make you feel probably more tense and revved up. And then who wouldn't start scrolling on their phone? And so just noticing like what is the arc of my emotions? What are the ingredients that are creating anxiety for me in this moment or sadness? Sadness doesn't just happen to you. We co-create sadness we think sad thoughts, we act in ways that perpetuate sadness.


But if we can take a step back and notice that our minds are full of like spam, a lot of the content in our mind is not necessarily useful or true. And if we choose our behaviors, like it sounds very simplistic, but behavioral activation, like helping people create a schedule that's full of activities that are pleasant and also give you a sense of accomplishment. You don't just wanna be sitting around basking in the sun. You also don't just want to be on the StairMaster for hours. You need like a good mix of activities. But doing that works as well as antidepressants for a major to moderate depression. And I'm not against antidepressants, but I just want people to have a whole host of things. So we manage our emotions by noticing how we're co-creating them and changing our behaviors in in response to them. And so one of my favorite tools all around regardless of the emotion is the skill opposite action.


Because any emotion you wanna change, you're angry at someone and the intensity isn't helpful for the situation or it's not in line with your values. Giving them the benefit of the doubt and being a little nice. I mean we think that acting angrily is somehow cathartic, but that's actually pumping up anger. That's what I would do as a couple therapist or what I do with my individual clients. You hate your spouse and you wanna criticize them endlessly and be aggressive. Can we try to think about something for the more generous interpretation and plan like a secret caring gesture? Like can you get this awesome coffee for the person and not have any expectations or start counting like I did This. If I'm understanding this correctly, it's almost like you want to reverse the order of events. So you're saying normally you have an emotion, stress or whatever the thing is you're ruminating on and then you start thinking about it, your body has all these sensations, it starts responding.


In the worst case, it's like getting into flight or fight and then a behavior results from that sensation. 'cause you wanna soothe yourself. So you pull out your phone and you start scrolling or you pull out your weed pipe and you take a hit or you do whatever thing you go shopping. It's almost as if don't point at me, I'm not. So it's almost as if, if you're more thoughtful about putting your behavior first, then that almost reverse engineers itself. It goes in the other directions. Like I did something pleasurable that had some purpose and some community and some communication and then my body felt calm and relaxed and then my thoughts were better. Yeah, both things are true. It's stress is like that cycle. But our emotions, the behavior that we're engaging in is creating the emotion as well.


And so if I feel really ashamed, that's not just out of nowhere. It's thinking thoughts about not being enough and then acting in ways that are hiding. You go to the party and you're on your phone the whole time, no one's gonna talk to you. Then you really feel like figure out worldly. They self fulfilling. Yeah. And so our response to our emotion amplifies that emotion, but also our response creates the emotion. Oh what a wicked cycle. I think a lot of people have this idea that just changing your behavior isn't really gonna do much, that it's superficial. And I just wanna say a couple things. We do this all the way and so it's not like I'm being nice and thinking resentful thoughts. It's like all the way in. It's not just helping this moment, but if I have negative core beliefs, if I have beliefs from my childhood that I'm not lovable, the only way to change those beliefs is to transcend them with my behavior to create a new narrative.


And so this isn't just, oh, right now I'm like acting opposite. Or some of my clients would say like the George Costanza approach. It's like, no, actually you're creating a new reality and feeling like you have agency in your life. Again, you just mentioned two more IA things. It's easier to act your way into thinking differently than thinking your way into acting differently. And that is so fucking true. Your brain sometimes will catch up with your actions and then you want self-esteem. Do a steamable acts. I love a, I don't know If you're allowed to do this, but when I was working at the Bellevue thing, I used to go to meetings there. Well there's Open meetings. I dragged a client there also and I was like, this is so great. He was looking at me like we're leaving. I'm like, no, no, no. We're staying. We're staying as long as this goes. I hope this goes for hours.


Yeah. Do you trip out at all? A lot of it is CBT. They didn't know as CBT. Okay, so let's talk about resets. So you have mind resets, body resets and behavior resets. So how would these work? The notion of a book on stress is such an irony because who has time to read when they feel like they don't have a minute? And so the book is almost like a cookbook. Resets is kind of the equivalent of urgent care. What to do in this moment If you feel really flooded. And if your problem in this moment is your mind is really ruminating or doing those things, we have mind resets, we have body resets, which will also help your mind. And then behavior resets to change your behavior. Gimme An example of a mind reset. A mind reset is even just singing your thoughts. So we all have thoughts, like I said, that are more like spam, that are just simply unhelpful.


And 90% of people report having intrusive, unwanted thoughts. So If you have a repeated unwanted thought like I'm a loser because I don't have plans on Saturday night. Not a super helpful thought to think. And so If you could sing that. Oh thought to the tune of Do You Believe in Magic? It automatically loses it grip. Yeah. Well 'cause it's Silly. You guys have To say evening. I don't have plans on Saturday. No, I'm a listen. I'm a listen, I'm a piece of shit. Okay. Takes Away its power. Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare


The Apple Watch series 10 is here. It has the biggest display ever. It's also the thinnest Apple Watch ever making it even more comfortable on your wrist, whether you're running, swimming or sleeping. And it's the fastest charging Apple watch getting you eight hours of charge in just 15 minutes. The Apple Watch series 10 available for the first time in glossy jet black aluminum compared to previous generations. iPhone tennis are later required charge time and actual results will vary.


We are supported by Peloton. Peloton can keep your goals on track no matter what season of life you're in, whether you're starting a new chapter or looking for a way to mix up your routine. Peloton is a variety of classes and class lengths that adapt to all the seasons in your life. Whether you want to try a new type of exercise from cycling to Pilates to yoga, running and so much more. There are a huge variety of classes to fit whatever you're looking for that day. Or If you just want to try a new trainer, Peloton has world class instructors to keep you motivated. I was at Molly's gym and she has a Peloton and every time I'm there I try to sneak up there and get a little Steal a little Sash. Steal a sash. 'cause it is so fun. It Is the whole instructor part in the class. Yes. And any chance you can make working out fun, I'll take it. Peloton is everything you've ever wanted to try. Whenever you need it, find your push. Find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


We are supported by Squarespace. If you've been to the armchair expert website, you've seen Squarespace in action. Wbi Wob made our website using Squarespace, the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. What I love about Squarespace is aside from the functionality, it's just so visually pleasing and Rob was able to whip this up in no time with all the incredible templates that were available to him. And it Looks very profess. Squarespace just looks good. And Squarespace optimizes your website for every device. So it looks incredible whether users are on their computer, phone or tablet. No matter what type of site you want to build, Squarespace can help you make it. Wanna make an online store. Squarespace makes checkout seamless for your customers with simple but powerful payment tools. Wanna sell exclusive content on your site? Squarespace has the option to add a paywall so you can sell memberships and courses or files that your customers can download, like music or eBooks. Check out Squarespace dot com for a free trial and when you're ready to get started, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash d To get started today,


I got my best ideas from my clients. They're like, what are thoughts to the Hattaway song? What is love? And then with the Saturday Night Live clip is even better. Do you know what I'm talking about? No, I think it's Jim Carrey is gonna sketch singing. What is Love Baby Don't hurt me, baby Don't hurt me. Oh baby don't hurt Me. Yeah. Oh yeah. He joins the Will Ferrell and Catan the Roxbury Boys. Oh. And he sings that song. Okay, so If you swap in instead of what is love, what are thoughts? What are thoughts? Baby don't hurt me. Thoughts can't hurt me. Oh Thoughts can't hurt me anymore. Yes. Is that it? Yes. I mean that's one of the options you have at your disposal for ruminating. Because again, a lot of us have the same content that's just been there for ages. That's not serving us, that we take very seriously.


Like I wouldn't sit there and respond to spam emails or answer robocalls. But why are we doing that with our thoughts? We accept that the insanity is repeating the same thing, expecting different results. And yet we're having the same thoughts we've been having for three decades and We think each thought is equal. That one thought is as relevant as I love you Thoughts and they're not. Some are not true thoughts aren't true inherently, but They create real feelings. Like if I told you to think about a cockroach while you're ordering avocado toast, it's gonna make you lose your appetite. Like they really affect your physiology. And so if we could even just see like any thought in the middle of the night is worth singing. Yeah. And what about a body reset? A body reset could also change your mind because you change your body, you could change your mind.


But a popular body one, I'm just giving you one, there's many out here, many work for different people. It's like sometimes you need a tweezer, sometimes you need to hammer different skills at different times. But If you were really stressed, If you took a salad bowl and filled it with ice water, held your breath, set a timer for 30 seconds and submerge your face and ice water, we have all these incredible features within us that we forget. Like our body is truly our own walking pharmacy. And so If you submerge your face and ice water while holding your breath, your heart rate automatically slows down and activates like a parasympathetic response. So your heart rate would probably go down like 20 beats per minute on an apple watch. You would redirect blood flow to your brain and to your heart. Right? Because it thinks your submerged in waters gotta save the most vital organs.


Totally. And also how can you possibly be ruminating in that moment? I don't think you should be doing this all the time, but I think just even metaphorically realizing like there's something that can help you in seconds. We have our own control, alt delete functions within us if we know what those are. Yes, they take a little bit of work, but they also come with this priceless feeling of knowing you can count on yourself. What about box breathing or breathing exercises? Do you like those? I really Like the breathing in for five and out for five. Coherent breathing or paced breathing. Be more literal about that. So you breathe. Yeah, We could do this together. Oh yeah, Yeah. Let's do it. Let's do it. I'm gonna sit in the way you just did I tell You sorry, my feet don't reach the floor for the Listener. We've become very erect in our postures. That's Right. So If you gently close your lips and breathe in for five seconds.


I hope everyone tries this while they're listening. Breathe in for five. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and out for five. Also through your nose. If you wanna tack onto this, you could ever so slightly raise the upper corners of your lips into like a half smile, which is like a facial expression of acceptance. Monica has like such a model half smile. I Got a little glow across my face. Do you feel anything? No. I think the smiling is shockingly and It's a half smile and it's for you. It's like I accept this moment. So the half smile plus this slow breathing, it's like, yeah, even if you're getting a root canal, Maybe you can't smile. But there's something about this slow breathing. I just want to now breathe the rest of this 'cause it feels so good.


It did feel nice. Five minutes of doing this slow breathing reduces blood pressure. Doing it for 20 minutes a day is known to affect your nervous system. Helps with things like IBSI interviewed a bunch of people for the book obviously, and there's a couple, there are both psychiatrists and based outta Columbia University of New York. They actually became so mesmerized by slow breathing that they now don't prescribe medications. They mostly prescribe this breath work. Wow. And they're even working with people that are in disaster zones. Yeah. Back to Laird. That's his big thing. He does like breathing workshops. I was at this thing where you could do all these different kind of mini clinics and he hosted this breathing one. I didn't do it 'cause I'm like, I know how to breathe, I'm gonna go watch the animation thing. And then by the end of the conference, the most unanimous thing, the thing people liked the most and there was really exciting offerings was this whole breathing workshop he did.


People were like, that was the best I felt in a decade. Wow. Yeah. And again, this peak seconds, instead of picking my nail, I could have half smiled and slow breathed and done some sort of gesture of you got this. It's okay. Yeah. And then maybe that would've led to like some sort of problem solving of, okay, let's try to rework why I feel overwhelmed. Not to be so egocentric, but I do want to know what I'm doing when I do this. So my biggest breakthrough in road rage, which I am terrible about, not anymore, but I used to be terrible at it, is while I'm monitoring whoever I'm mad at, right? Who I think is a bully on the road and I'm gonna teach them a lesson, I make myself either start reading license plates and I gotta say 'em out loud, JL six seven L or start reading the signs of the buildings I'm passing.


And I can't tell you how effective that's been. It's just like literally forcing myself to focus on something different than the thing I want to. That's what no one else wants to admit to. There's also a high that comes along with your self-righteous indignation. We get off on this, we're a little addicted to this. We like feeling superior and morally on our high ground. And the whole anger thing's a little intoxicating for me. I also have to admit there's a bad cycle of kind of, you know, pleasure seeking in it. Back To this thing of like, do you wanna be right or do you wanna be effective? And then what about behavior resets? Even planning pleasant things, a lot of times we're like, oh no, I'm too busy to do something nice. But actually doing positive experiences and really learning to savor them and relive them.


Yeah, I think it requires kind of like a, a whole paradigm shift in your head. I know it happens in aa, right? Which where people are like, oh I can't go to a meeting because I had a thing for my daughter and I can't go to a meeting 'cause I have a thing for work and I can't. And you have to really instill in people, you only have those things if you're sober. The whole thing's built upon this foundation. And I think for a lot of people, the notion that they can't take a walk with a friend, that they don't have time to do that. So well, If you can't do that, the rest of the things are gonna go away or they're gonna suffer. Right? So wog is totally a behavior reset. Even learning how to assert yourself. Like if you're annoyed with someone instead of stewing in it, I can give you a formula for how to ask for what you want. Say no. So you're not overthinking it. What's The formula? It's from DBT, dialectical Behavior Therapy and it's called Dear Man.


And it's an acronym for describe the facts, express how you feel, ask for what you want, reward, like what's in it for the other person. Be mindful, act confident, negotiate as needed. Walk us through and Can you give us a hard can Gimme, gimme something hard. Someone that's really annoying you. We can't make it about us. 'cause it because it's too, it's too rice triggering, Too explosive. Okay. There's so many times that people think, oh my god, these people wanna stay with me for like two weeks when they're in town for the holidays. Most people default to hosting them begrudgingly or making up a live. This is a great One. Yeah, let's stick with this one. A lot of People have this. Yeah. But if you're like, okay, I'm so thrilled that you're coming to town, I can't wait to see you.


I realize that it's a bit easier this time of year to just keep our house to our family and really wanna spend some quality time with people that we don't get to see that are gonna be in town at the same time. But I would love to plan a couple of really fun dinners. And I can also totally help you with some great local options of hotels that are right near me or Airbnbs that have good options for extended stays. I can imagine someone doing that for the very first time and then waiting with the craziest sense of anticipation of what the response is. Like if they've never tried that, What if the person says, so you don't want me to come? This is hard 'cause there's so much in the book, but you have to do the dear man with also this best friend called give, which is like the give is the food for the relationship, which is being gentle, interested, validating, easy manners.


So maybe the person says, you don want me to come. Of course I want you to come. That's why I wanna plan these really special dinners and wanna make this time not with the chaos of the aunt that's staying for two days and the cousin that's coming for another day. And part of Dear man is also calculating intensity because sometimes people are at the airport screaming at someone at a 10 when there's no seat. What are you gonna do about that? The person's not capable of giving you what you want. And so I also go through how to compute. Should you be at a one? Should you be at a 10? And someone might be pushing back because you're at a three and Maybe you warrant a seven. And this is why I wrote this book because a lot of people can't afford therapy or forget these when Right. The cousin texts you. Yeah. And for you to have basically on like a post-it, how to do this in the heat of the moment.


'cause that is stressful. Having someone in your house that you don't want there. Or continuing to reward your neighbor. I Feel like I've tried and learned some helpful tips with boundaries. These are all boundaries, conversations like how to implement them with kindness. But I think putting it on me sometimes saying, I'm not gonna be my best self if we do this and then that's gonna affect you. It's not like, I don't want you to stay. It's, I know that I will be overwhelmed. I love that. And Monica, I think the thing that's great about that is then even being clear, my agenda here is self-respect. And even if someone's mildly annoyed, self-respect is my aim. It's gotta take priority. Yeah. I like that technique quite a bit. Yeah.


I don't have any problem with kind of confrontation. We both don't have that much trouble with that. Yeah, I know some people are just completely arrested with this inability to have this uncomfortable exchange iExchange People's feelings. Yeah. And I am so blessed. It's one of my blessings is I'm like, well the alternative to me is not an option. Me being uncomfortable for two weeks versus being uncomfortable for 12 minutes on the phone, I'm gonna always pick that. For me, there's just like a cost reward analysis, right? But there's still A way to do it without being like, you can't come. 'cause I'll be, I'm mad When you're here for five days, the house starts smelling like you and that's terrible. I hate it. I hate that smell. Yeah. You can still be kind about it. Some people think you're just hurting their feelings and that's mean there's a middle ground.


You can get what you want. You can get the relationship and you can get self-respect If you know how to do it. Let's Talk about buffers. In Addition to learning how to deal with intense moments, whether your mind is making you miserable or your body feels like it's waging a war against you, or you're doing things that are just spreading your stress. We also need to learn how to live a life that feels less stressful. We don't just wanna go from like hard time to hard time. And so buffers is almost like preventative medicine. The things we could do preemptively before the hard thing. You don't wanna always be responding. You want to be proactive. Totally. Okay. Body buffer. Yeah. So a body buffer. Coming back to the promise of panic. If someone has panic attacks, one of the most research backed ways to treat panic is actually practicing panic.


And so if someone feels like, oh my god, all of a sudden I'm short of breath, I'm really sweaty, I feel shaky, I feel dizzy, I feel kinda like dissociative. We can help you recreate those. And so the worst thing to do is to try to calm down when your heart is racing. Like that's really stressful. But If you practice, just imagine you take like a straw and you pinch it so it's narrow in diameter. Like a tiny coffee stir size diameter where you could take a regular straw and make that happen. Close your nose and then just breathe from the small opening of the straw. You could do that for 60 seconds and you're like, whoa. I just made myself feel the way I sometimes feel out of the blue. And when it comes up out of the blue, I'm really spooked by it.


If you practice recreating the sensations that you normally run from when they come up, you can kind of put out a welcome mat to them. You stop the loop of like really bad, go to the er. This is dangerous. Yeah, this is getting worse. But instead it's like, okay, I can radically accept how I feel because I've tried this before, I've been here before. And so recreating your body's stress response so you can experience it without Whatever triggered it in the first place. Yeah. Or Without the negative layer of interpretation. So I'm just so curious, 'cause you mentioned you had panic. I used to have full panic attacks. Have you tried this before? I have not tried that. My therapist, she told me to like, name three things you see? Name three things you smell, you know, anchor down name touch things.


Yeah. And that helped. I haven't had one in a really long time. Yeah. I mean when someone comes to my office with panic, I'm not like a cocky person, but I'm like excited. I'm like, I can treat this. And this doesn't take very long. I mean, panic again is your body's doing its thing and you're hyper focusing on it. It's almost like the Chinese finger trap If you stop fighting. Well also knowing what it is. I think that's so helpful, the straw. Because then when you're in a panic attack, you're like, oh, this is what is happening. I practice this. Yeah. For so long I was like, I have a tumor. I definitely have a brain disorder that's causing all of this. Whenever I went to the doctor, they were like, you don't, sorry, You don't I sorry to tell you. The results are, yeah. They're Like, I negative think you should go to therapy. And when I finally started to believe that and when it would happen, I was like, oh, I'm panicking.


I'm having a panic attack. I'm not dying. No one's ever died from a panic attack. Then it went away. Yeah. And this is my thing, it's like If you were taking a benzodiazepine, you might have never learned that lesson. You could learn this lesson in the panic exercises that I'm recommending. Take about five minutes and then you would just need to replicate again, this is not a random thought page. Any tapes. This is in the unified protocol, which is a gold standard treatment for panic attacks. And it applies across the board. Like If you have those symptoms before giving a speech or before flying or during flying, you can still change your body's stress response. And What about behavioral buffers? What would that entail? So many to choose from, but one of my favorites is called a chain. If you make a mistake, instead of doing one of two things, which I think a lot of us are prone to doing, a lot of us oversimplify like, oh yeah, no big deal.


I'll do better tomorrow. Or we struggle with this thing called the abstinence violation effect of like, I can't do it. It's too much. Like I messed up once. Like I don't have it in me. You Failed it at once. You'll fail at it forever. Yeah. You can take a moment to like literally write down. Even If you took a piece of paper and folded it in half vertically, what was the sequence of events? What made you more vulnerable? Like I didn't sleep well, didn't exercise, didn't eat breakfast. This thing happened. I did this. Write down exactly what happened. Almost like you're rewinding a tape with compassion and then you can go and create solutions at every step along the way. Can I have a little food before? Totally. And then you have like a million solutions. And so instead of being like, I'm just an asshole that sends me texts to people, I'm like empowered to see what is the setup.


I didn't ask for what I wanted earlier. Then I felt more resentful than I used my text instead of picking up the phone. And so there's a lot of tools, but people that think like, oh my God, I have set these resolutions. I can't stick to it. You actually can If you understand what is the domino effect and how do you change each step of The way committing to the laundry list that led up to this event. Totally. Instead of, I'm an idiot or I'll do better tomorrow. I'm incompetent. I'm not enough. I have a fundamental character flaw that prevents me from doing this thing versus these 12 things happened and now we're here. Right. That's very spolsky too. I'm really struck by certain findings. Like again, I really am passionate about things where things were very serious, like suicide prevention and something as simple like Jerome is one of the first people that created a suicide prevention initiative in the 1930s.


He's a psychiatrist and he did something as simple as sending people who left the hospital a letter that said, I'm thinking of you and hoping you're doing well and no need to respond. And that literally prevented suicide. Wow. We don't wanna do things either to us or to the people around us. We wanna instead take vicious cycles and create virtuous ones and take these moments of pain. I mean, I feel like the moments I feel most proud of are the times where things were really stressful. It's almost like chiseling your muscles of emotion regulation. I was in a really bad mood that day. I had a shitty day and I was super sweet to my daughter on her way to swim team. Or I was especially nice to like an older person that was confronted me taking forever in the grocery store. Yeah. Okay. So I had one specific question. I think the hardest time to use any of these tools is when you're in the middle of a fight with a partner or like a family member.


I find that once you're in that zone, stopping it and resetting is I think the hardest for me. Maybe. How would you advise? Because you're the most emotional, right? Or No? Yeah, I'm the most emotional. I think the stakes feel highest 'cause it's someone I love. I'm in a very heightened state and I don't know how to do the thing I do in traffic, which is look at a sign, do this, distract myself, check in. And I'm curious how one interrupts this while in a fight with their partner. One thing you could do is even thinking about the values. Like how do you wanna show up in your life? A lot of us are focused on what we, we wanna get. How do we wanna be spoken to? How do we want people to show compassion to us, but how do we wanna show up? And so being really clear about regardless of what happens, this is my mission statement, I'm not gonna deviate from this.


In students that write briefly about their highest values years later, they're more able to regulate their emotions and persist with long-term goals. I think also just realizing, is there some sort of word we could say that's funny and playful. Anaconda Action. Yeah. Let's take a minute. This is the whole thing, like distress tolerance is how do we not make things worse? And then once we came down a few decibels, then we can go to the problem solving. But if there's something we could do to self-soothe, I love this idea of even a hope kit, like a collection of things that gives you a sense of hope. Like looking at some pictures that just broaden your view outside of this moment that's not going well to some broader moments of connection and joy. And so something that could help you realize like, okay, in this moment, this isn't about who's right or who's wrong.


This is about me doing what matters most to me and what my highest purpose is. And I am too dysregulated to continue to stay here. It's almost like getting up in the middle of an exam and getting a sip of water and then coming back. Let's try to come back. Stonewalling is a problem. Like slamming doors to be like, Hey, I think we both need to get some water. I know I do. Yeah. And like a lovely way, not you made me so upset that I need to like, But asking If you can take a minute to do some breathing. I think It'd be so sweet to do that together. Like we care too much about each other. Let's try this thing for a minute. Because things that are so interesting, if like in the middle of a fight, something funny happens, you forget the fight, they're in the middle of spiraling. Someone calls you and they're funny.


You could totally stop. And again, it's realizing the channel can change If you let go, I'm gonna admit this. So we do this thing family square, we probably do 'em once every couple months. It's when someone has an actual issue that they need to bring up in the family. We all sit down on the ground. So everyone's low. There's no interrupting. There's some ground rules. And so most often the family squares about the kids. But we had a family square a couple days ago and yeah, Kristen and I got into our loop. You would think, I mean the thing I'm most committed to in my entire life is the kids. And we're in a loop. I can see we're in a loop. I can see it's upsetting. The kids, the thing I care the most about and we can't get out until one of the kids goes, you guys aren't listening to each other and you're making it worse.


I'm like, I know the fucking nine year olds seeing how obvious this is. And I was just thinking, 'cause there were moments during it where I'm like, I know what's happening. I don't know how to get out of it. All Right. Telling yourself like, okay, we could put this down and pick this up at this time because I think we think that we're winning by keeping it going, but we're majorly losing. Well, what I think is I'm finally gonna craft the sentence that's so direct clever. Correct. That it'll penetrate the cycle and she thinks the same thing. But I could tell from listening to you that you are a masterful sentence crafter. And you can totally create That. That's why I'm misled by no, But happy than yourself. I don't know. No, I think I'm a victim of thinking I'm so good at Yes.


That is what's happening there. We had a fight yesterday, Monica and I, and literally this morning I'm still thinking about it and I'm like, I know exactly how I could have got her to understand what I was saying. I should have said X, Y, and Z. Like I'm still thinking a day later how I could have gotten her to understand my point had I crafted it better. And of course, no, that wouldn't have worked either. No, That wouldn't. No. And I too, I'm like driving in the morning, I'm just like, If emotions are high on both ends, even if it's the perfect explanation, the receiver's not gonna receive it. And so these are amazing ongoing relationships that it doesn't have to be right then and there. That is what is helpful. I know. It's like, okay, we're gonna come, we're gonna record. It will be fine.


'cause we'll put that aside for this and we did and then it is fine. And who cares? Yeah. Then You do you, at some point you just say like, who cares? I kind of forget all the details of the thing I wanted to bring up. Anyway, I'll admit this too, which this morning when I was thinking like, I should have said it this way, I was like, also, hold on. You are in a fight in the family square three days ago. Kristen, you were in a fight with Monica yesterday. You know it might be you. That's nice. Yeah. I was like, you seem to be the common denominator this week. Well, it's also just a alchemy of everyone's things coming together. Yeah. Yeah. We have a lot of shared work stress right now. Sure. So that wasn't the greatest.


Yeah. But I truly believe, again, like using the chain, you could totally look at the things and repair is beautiful. I mean, repair could leave you closer than before. Yeah. And to even just see, a huge thing that John Gottman talks about is even just the startup, how the start of the conversation goes is really gonna dictate how it goes. You know? If you can start with like warmth and kindness. Yeah. I might need to adopt his. We interviewed him and he was so lovely, So great. A long time ago. Now I feel like this would drive someone crazy. But he does it and I also love it. Which is his behavioral thing. He does, I think, which reverse engineers his whole thinking is he takes notes while his wife's talking like it's getting heated. He is like, let me get my notepad. And then something about him taking, do you remember that part? Yeah.


Him writing down what she's saying, I guess. Yeah. Something about that. Well, I think It detaches the primal brain of when you're writing it down sort of objectively, you're also half removed. It's almost a hack, right? Yeah. Like the part of your brain that needs to be present to write maybe is just enough to pull you out of the Or something. Yeah. Give College students write for three days about something upsetting that happened to them for 20 minutes. The first day, the most upsetting thing the second day. How it affected your life in the past third day. How it's affecting you in the present. People that do that 20 minutes, three times, 60 minutes, six months later, they have significant reductions in rumination and depression. And even for people that have PTSD five days of specific therapeutic writing, written exposure therapy significantly reduces PTSD.


And this has like blown my mind. Memories during trauma are splintered and then it helps you kind of store it properly and again removes you from the event and creates some working distance. Again. Like there's these things out there that a lot of people don't know about and they think that they need to do these really expensive things or things that are very mysterious. I like what you said that our bodies are a walking pharmacy. We have tools with us. Yeah. We don't have to look outward. I mean we can, yeah. But we can look inward too. Okay. So now is the part of the interview where you give me free treatment. So nighttime rumination. So again, in the daytime I'm pretty good. I got a pretty good handle on it, on my rumination. Is that accurate? Let's just say it's significantly less controllable in the middle of the night.


I'll even actively be in it going 90%. I don't care about this in the morning. And that is so the case. So often I spend an hour and a half at 3:00 AM obsessing about something. I wake up in the morning and I'm like, I don't even understand why you were doing. Yeah. You actually don't even care about that. What's happening and what can I do? I think you're in a compromised state at three in the morning. You're not your most apt version. To Quote a mentor of mine that taught this CBT for insomnia class, it's a problem to be awake when reason sleeps. An interesting thing in a study on rumination was when people are asked to talk about something that really upset them, if 50% of the people have the opportunity to listen to researchers like Eves dropping outside the door, those people stop ruminating.


Like literally having some sort of distraction. So some sort of distraction Yeah. Could help if the book on tape on Audible isn't doing it for you. Have you tried like a body scan? Body scan is I could like literally send my breath to all my left toes and really focusing off the breath, reaching my toes. Like You'd inhale in and you imagine the breath traveling out of your lungs, down your leg into your toe. Yeah. And then you move up through your whole body. It's Incredibly, yeah. Start at the top. And there's progressive muscle relaxation where you tense and release and these things take a lot of your focus and they're very sedating. Like I am energized. And in trainings where you pair up and practice doing the body scan on each other, I'm like snoring. I Mean in it. Yeah. I'm not s It's tedious too.


You start at like the top of your head and then you need to like your right eye bbl. It's super focused and it's super relaxing. And I also find I like to do the slow breathing, the five in five out. And sometimes if I don't get to it during the day, I try to do it at night and I can never do the 20 minutes I and 10 because I pass out probably in like seven minutes. Yeah. So that's also an option. The slow breathing, there's actually like a light that projects that you could pace your breathing with a light, but there's a bunch of things. But I think you're doing all the right things to even just realize like you're an emotion mind. The content is relevant. Have you tried CBT for insomnia? No. CBT for insomnia works as well as sleep medication for people that have a hard time falling asleep or staying asleep really? And so you kind of calculate how many hours are you in bed?


Yeah. How many hours are you in bed? I am in bed like trying to sleep or watching TV and let's not get hung up on it. You're not supposed to watch TV in bed, but do you mean just supine in my bed? Let's Do trying to sleep. Okay. It's eight hours. How many hours are you actually sleeping? Fuck. Lately it's been rough. Probably six. Also. I'm in a weird zone, but seven probably. Okay. So CBT for insomnia. And again, this is just like a short version and there's apps for people that are listening, like CBTI. It's like a free VA app that works Well, I gotta get that. Yeah. So basically you pick your wake time, like what time do you wanna wake up? Six 40. So you set your wake time and that does not change. There's no snooze. You pick your wake time and then you go to bed at about the same time that you've been typically averaging sleep.


So let's say you've been sleeping six hours, you go to bed at 1240, then you wake up at six 40 and then that creates kind of a drive for sleep because you need a certain level of homeostatic drive for sleep. Because a lot of times what we do is like, oh my gosh, I couldn't fall asleep last night. Let's go to bed early tonight. And then like hit Snooze. That's what I do. And those two things are a problem because it's almost like jet lag. You need to be primed for sleep and then you get the six hours. Then once you're sleeping 90% of the time you can add in 20 minutes. Oh. After like several days. But I don't know if you've had this, but I've had this thing where I feel like, oh, I'm so tired I didn't sleep well. And then I start canceling things. Like I cancel a gym class I'm supposed to go to in the morning and then the whole day is like set up for failure.


Sleep is a huge buffer. I don't wanna understate that, especially if you're chronically not sleeping enough. Really hard to do any of the things if you're under sleeping. But it's like, okay, so if I get up when I'm feel under slept and start running at Barry's bootcamp, I will have a better day and then sleep better the next night. Exactly. Yeah. That's my reservation about people who do all these sleep monitor devices. I'm like, If you wake up and you know you've slept like shit, how are you not gonna have a terrible day? Yeah. I don't understand the benefit of this. Yeah. I ran the marathon a number of years ago and the coach that I was working with, 'cause I did it postpartum and I really needed a coach. He was like, just be prepared that you will not sleep that night. 'cause you have to start getting a Dodger Stadium at like four in the morning. He's like, it's fine to not sleep.


And I was like, how am I gonna do it? He's like, no one sleeps the night in the marathon. I'm like, If you could run a marathon on no sleep, like you could kind of do most things with no sleep. Yeah, you probably wake up for 40 minutes on six hours. Yeah. Or like be functional at work or Right. As a person. I do have that piece. That's why I say six 40. That's non-negotiable. Yeah. I have to meditate. I have to journal and I have to get my kids to school at a certain time so there's no snooze. 'cause then I'll miss the meditation or the journal. Then I might as well stay in bed all day because I'll have a miserable day. Oh, we have more control than we think. That's Yeah, that's do. It's good. It's helpful. The headline, We have so much more control than we think. And peace of mind isn't life being easy, but it's knowing that you can count on yourself regardless of what shows up in your life. Yeah. Stress Resets, how to soothe your body and mind in minutes.


And to your point about having something to reference, the book is incredibly efficient. It's a lot of bang for the buck. Every single page, there's something actionable almost on it. There's something concrete and real and something you can practice. And it's a very quick, easy way to get your head around all this. Totally. And everything is rooted in science and these things are stackable and doable. And I felt kind of weird, but I taught these tools in a prison recently and I was thinking like, this is a really shitty situation. I really hope this will make a difference. But with a lot of these tools, you have a lot of options. Yeah. That's great. Well, Jenny, it's been so nice meeting you. You represent. Yeah, thanks. You coming The alma mater, wonderfully feather in the cap to all Bruins. Yeah, It's pretty good.


Yeah. We wish you well and I help everyone checks out Stress Resets. Thank You guys. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Liquid IV New Year's resolutions are often about creating new rituals for yourself minus sprinting this year. Yeah, that's a good one. I'm starting to journal more. Journaling, sprinting, take your pick. No matter what your goals, you can enhance them with the support of Liquid iv. It's an easy ritual to start that is scientifically proven to replace necessary nutrients lost from everyday dehydration. Just tear, pour, and enjoy. Liquid IV has delicious true to fruit flavors to keep you hydrated. Like acai berry, lemon, lime, and pina colada. They even have sugar free flavors like raspberry lemonade and white peach. I love that pina colada. It is so delish. I love electrolytes. We all know this. Yeah. This is tried and true. That's your religion. Break the mold and own your ritual. Just one stick plus 60 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. So embrace your ritual with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code Dax at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code dax@liquidiv.com.


We are supported by Quince when it comes to winter. Cozy is king for the ultimate cold weather necessities made from premium materials. You've gotta check out Quince. With Quince, you can treat yourself to true quality at an affordable price like something everyone needs in their closet. Quince is Mongolian cashmere sweaters, which start at just $50 for real cashmere. That's a great deal. Or they're super soft fleece sweatpants, which are a major upgrade to those old sweats you've had forever. No matter what you're looking for. All Quince items are priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands, and they use premium fabrics and finishes for that high quality feel in every piece. I saw some of these items appear on a very, very trusted gift guide from a friend. Oh really? Yeah. The sweatpants are on there. People love the sweatpants and really great for travel. Yeah. I'm eyeing those sweatpants luxuriate in coziness without the luxury price tag. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for 365 day returns plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


We are supported by Better Help. The start of the new year brings you 365 blank pages waiting to be filled. What do you want your 2025 story to be? Maybe you're ready for a plot twist or maybe there's a part of your story you've been waiting to revise. Think of therapy as your editorial partner helping you write new chapters and become the author of your own life. I know for me, I want 2025 to be filled with a lack of codependency. Hmm. That's nice. Yes. If you wanna start your therapy journey in 2025, join Better help's over 5 million users worldwide. Better Help is fully online, which helps make therapy affordable and convenient. You'll have access to a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. And you can easily switch therapists anytime at no extra cost. Write your story with Better Help. Visit better help.com/dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help HE p.com/dax.


Stay tuned for the fact check. It's where the party's at. Any issues, what do we call that? Respiratory. Respiratory issues. I've been masking outside, so I've been fine. I've been, I mean I've had headaches, but other than that, Yeah. Headaches. Same. Yeah, it's very reminiscent of covid. It's So for me it's so covid. Oy. Yeah. Yeah. I was just editing our last fact check, which was So's an IU probably huge Stay. Yeah.


It was Wednesday morning and so much has happened since then. Oh Yeah, yeah. Yeah. 130,000 people have evacuated. Yeah. There's something like 9,000 structures are decimated. Yeah, I have to imagine it's gonna be The toll at the end of this. Yeah. You'd have to go back to the Chicago fires Probably. Oh, they already said it's eight times. Sure. In today's dollars. Right. Because Chicago disappeared. Well, not dollars. Sorry. They're saying space. Oh, space. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. There's that also, that picture going around of Manhattan, it's like all of Manhattan Yeah.


Is 14,000 acres. Oh really? And like We're at what? It's also crazy that I'm like, oh my God. Yay. It's 3% contained. Like it's Friday and, and the Eaton fire is 3% contained, which is the first time I've seen any containment on it. Yeah. The Eaton fire, the one that's on the east side of the city is at 13,956 acres and Palisades is 20,000, 20,000 acres in the Palisades. We have people staying with us as we had in Covid and then Yeah. Went out yesterday with T in masks and I was like, oh, this feels very familiar.


There's like people living at the house. Yes. I'm in a mask outside. Oh my God. We're we're back here. I know. When I was pulling out the masks, I was like, oh my God, I cannot believe I have to put this back on my face. The feelings are really wild around the for I still don't have power. Still don't have power. It's inconvenient. It's not bad compared to what's going on. Yeah. Yeah. We drove down Hillhurst where there was like 25 crews working on all those power lines. Yeah. That's us with trees all over 'em. I'm presuming that's why yours is out. Yeah, it's, it's right at my intersection.


Right. So, but they've been working through the night last two nights trying to get it back. There was an army there for sure. Yeah. Yeah. What feelings I had, there was a moment where, you know, they had evacuated like a quarter mile down the road when the Running Canyon fire was going. And I was like, okay. So the west side's completely on fire now. The center of the city's on fire and the east side's on fire. And I did start to open up my imagination to the degree where I was like, well, I would've said, what has already happened is would've been impossible like that for the Palisades to disappear.


And then I was like, fuck if the Palisades gonna disappear. I'm like, could LA disappear? Like, will we witness exactly the end of LA as it previously existed? I know. Yeah. That's never a thought i I ever even considered was possible. Yeah. But yeah, with, with winds blowing 70 miles an hour. Yeah, it is possible. Yeah. But then you click into whatever role you have in your group. So, you know, then I go to Yep. And Dresden was gone and London was gone and Hiroshima was gone, and Nagasaki was gone and we are resilient and it'll be back and that's who we are.


And trying to Yeah. Put some light at the tunnel for everyone in the house. Yeah. You just go through all these, everyone just clicks into whatever role they have, you know? Yeah. It's been interesting for me because I'm by myself and normally I am not. And it is been weird to, You've been invited over it. We should say. Yes, I have. I'm by myself and so I have taken on all the roles And it's cheering yourself up, letting yourself get scared. Yeah. I have to be scared. Like, I can't wait for, I can't wait for somebody else to be like, okay, it is time to evacuate. Like, I have to decide. And I think normally I am in that sort of case.


Like I let, I'll let somebody else make that decision. I think they're better at making that decision than me. But what do I take? At first I was like, I don't even know what you're supposed to take. Like the last time we talked, I was like, oh, I just, I just put my passport in my medicine, which also, that was cra I had, I had one day left of seizure medication and then the, my pharmacy was down because of the power. So I was like, oh my God, I, I, what am I gonna do about that? And anyway, but then, then I really thought about it and I was like, no, I gotta, like, I, I took all these photographs I have, there's this little like, drawing delta made. I put that in there and then that was it.


But I really was like, what matters here for real? Like, I'm, I probably have to go. Yeah. Like what really matters. Yeah. And it was those things and it's, we, it's just such a, it's so heady to have to think about that. Like, what do you really need? What will you be like, did you see the thing John Mayer posted? I thought it was so well articulated. Well, no, I didn't see It says, it said this. He, he posted up Picture. It's funny as people are saying things I'm remembering that didn't even cross my mind. Like I didn't, I didn't pack a passport. You gotta get your passport. Kristen probably Did. All I picked was all I packed was my journals, which I think I may, by the way, my journals take up the full size away bag.


Wow. So in the midst of all this, I also was like to see my journals in one spot. I was like, holy smokes. If I had written a lot of, yeah. I had this weird little moment of like, you Should take your dad's. Like something of your dad's probably. Yeah. There's a ton of stuff I should have packed. Yeah. But I was just like, if, I mean, it's panicky, the Written word. Yeah. I have the memories, like, yeah. All the cute things my kids made me, they're all really, really important to me. But my, I have my kids, they're important to me. And so I kept telling the girls that. I'm like, we'll try to get everything you care about, but also guys, this is it.


Us four can go anywhere and we have the thing we want. Yeah. So, So John Mayer posted a picture of a picture and he said, this is the most valuable thing I own. It's a folder of photos of my father spanning his life from being a baby, an educator, a husband and a father. It's the only evidence of his life that will exist over time. These are the quote documents you read about people taking from their homes. When you hear someone say they've lost everything in a fire. This is much of that, everything, if not all of it, those who say they'll be okay, still have their folders in their albums. Those who are inconsolable have lost them. Just behind the immeasurable loss of life is a loss of the proof of life.


I don't practice prayer. But tonight I will say one for everyone who no longer has these items. It's not about the art and the collectibles. It's the photos, the letters, the class rings, the eyeglasses and the things we keep to remind us that those we loved were here. May those who have lost so much, find some semblance of hope and support from their family and friends. Stay safe, look out for yourself and for one another. And trust that humanity. And all it entails though, sometimes hard to see is alive and well. This is truly devastating. And I do think that's right. Like, it's like, oh, all this stuff is just stuff, but it's so, it is more than stuff. It's evidence of life. Yeah. It's Really intense. There are weird things like, my friend was just saying that her friend's house is the only one standing.


Like, how weird. Yeah. And this, I'm naturally trying to govern what stuff we talk about. 'cause I know some stuff will, it'll anger you or it, it'll Well, yeah, I mean, I don't want, I don't know how much we wanna say, but I think we can. Yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's real. The reason I didn't come over, and I do really appreciate the offer, of course, but I, I think me and you aren't always the most compatible in these situations. We ignite each other's we're parts. Well, We're so different. I mean, like, but I think, but other people are different than I think you, I don't know. And same for me with you. Yeah. Like, it's there, there's something specific about us that we get really worked up when the other person doesn't align.


Right. And, and so I wasn't, It was, although I will add. Well, okay. Yeah. I think that's, I think that's a a lot of that's true, but I'm not bothered by, I don't mind that you're as scared as you are. I'm not. Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, I'm just naturally not Yeah. This is like, I'm like, oh yeah, this is all I think about. This is like a totally, the hypervigilance and all that. It's like, all right. Yeah. Yeah. It's, we're, it's here. It's time to get, it's time to get down. Yeah. And so I'm like energized and I'm focused and I'm thinking, and I got all the hoses out and I got the generator out and I got the extra gas out and I got the car filled up and like, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm engaged in all the things that I will do to help get through this thing.


And so yeah. This was a thing. I wasn't, it like runs the risk of you being mad at me, but I was gonna send them away. Right. Like, I was gonna send Kristen and the girls to their dads. I'm definitely staying hosing the house down. There's no way I'm not gonna do that. Like I'm gonna, yeah. I got, I can sit in the middle of my yard. I'm not inside of a house burning. I can be on the outside of a house that's burning and not die. And I have a motorcycle to escape at any point. Yeah. So I very much was never leaving, regardless, in my mind, I was like, yeah, I'm gonna definitely get my family outta here. Right. But definitely staying with hoses, The Hansons did that. They hosed down their house when they, because there was one popped up in Studio City, like right by them. A very suspicious one. Yeah. That, that's, If that turns out, I mean, if it's not my condolence is, is my, If you had the audacity to try to fucking do some insurance fraud, at the risk of setting up Yeah.


The rest of that area on fire, that's, you're evil to me. You need to be in jail time for That. Yes, I agree. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The sunset one that was really close to us. Yeah. And then this one in Studio City, like felt really weird. Yeah. Because the winds were pretty much done at That time. It started inside their house too. Most Important city one. Yeah, I know. But even the Run Canyon one felt weird. It was like, what? Well, you have two, there's two things happening. Yeah. And that's another layer of this we'll get to, there are arsonists in the city. Yeah. They've set fires in, you know, many times, many of these fires we've had in LA are, are started by arsonists. Right. And so you have arsonists that already exist and they've got the perfect opportunity.


Right. Then you have people who do commit insurance fraud. They also pop up all the time. Yeah. So you've like, there's easily two groups of bad actors in the mix of all this other shit. Yeah. I mean, there were looters. Well, and that's what I wanted to add. When I went, when, when it was a half mile from the house and it looked like, okay, it's coming here. I had gone up to the gas station at Sunset and, and, and doesn't matter, very busy gas station. I wanted the truck to be full in case Bell had to drive it all the way to Vegas to dad's or whatever. And I know the vibe. I've been in Detroit when the vibe's happening on Devil's night, I know the vibe.


I was at the gas station and I was like, oh, there's like 20 young men out. There's dudes on dirt bikes that are not street legal. Like there's that air of like, they know too. No one's watching. There's a vibe of everyone that's supposed to be making sure there's law and order is distracted. And there was just this bur that I could feel from the other dudes. Yeah. And I was like, okay, so we got the fire hazard. But also I'm now, for me, there, there's a significant, maybe even double digit percentage. People are coming into the house today. Other elements are now gonna pop off because of all this other chaos. Yeah. That tends to be the way it goes in these scenarios.


So it's important to be prepared for all of it. It's so annoying because in the holiday, the movie, the holiday, there's this like cutey moment where Jack Black is meeting Kate Winslet and like, it's like something that kind of gets in her eye and he picks it out of her eye. And it's this like very romcom moment. He's like Santa Annas, he's like explaining to her about the Santa Ana's and it's like really cute. And it's, you'll never be able to watch that party. I Can't watch that anymore. I can't watch it. I'll say the, for better or worse in life, I'm experiencing it, but I'm also kind of always looking at it from a little bit to the side of it in the very anthropological way.


And my current fascination with this whole thing. And I've gotten to be a part of enough things now where I see this materialize. It's like we're all so different. Yeah. And thank God, Yeah. Thank God if they're all like me, everyone's gonna kill themselves. If they're all rendered immobile by fear, they're all gonna die. And it's, and it really, there doesn't require any talk or coordination. It just immediately verbals up. Like we had Jackie, Joe, Anna, joy, Kristen, the girls, myself in the house, and everyone just innately files into their role.


Yeah. That they are biologically destined to be. And it's just really on display in a situation like this. It's why a DHD folks are imperative. Someone's gotta go out and find the new fruit tree. And it's why leaders while insufferable at times, that's their time. And they reassure people. And then the people who are like really scared than at the other time in life, they're more compassionate and flexible and dialed in. And they're, they're taking care of the needs, the emotional needs of this group of a hundred. And, and you just look at our, it's not an accident where s we come in these archetypes. Yeah, totally. Totally. It's like we all have our different moments and the reaction's just so visceral, like whether you're wired what way or not.


Like I call, I immediately text Ashton and said, are you guys up in Caria? Which was my assumption. The air is very clean up there. And he's like, absolutely not. I'm at my house with a hose. Yeah. I saw it. There was a video of him hosing. He Went to the Palisades and, and hosed other people's houses Nice. In the daytime. And then he is at his house. I hear what Charlie's doing. Charlie. Yeah. Everyone's doing. It's just really inter, I find it incredibly interesting that we are all unique in this very complimentary way where we, we function as a group. Yeah. And it's, it's great. Yeah. It's so great.


It is also, it gets problematic when you only surround yourself with like one type of person or people exactly like you, which is easy to do. But it's, it is not, I mean, for many reasons it is not best. Like you need a diverse group. You know? Obviously not, not like, I mean Yes. Racially, socioeconomically. Yeah, yeah. Skill wise, you need a diverse group. Yeah. We're at an uncomfortable transition phase in civilization as humans where it's like, we're almost there.


And also we're not, it's like we can almost be our best benevolent self. But you still have Vladimir Putin on the planet. That's still a real person on the planet. Yeah. That's not operating in the way we're all trying to evolve to. We're not there yet. Yeah. We're not in the space age where we have like, dominated all threats and can all just be One way, not even close. I mean, if anything, this was so, it's like we do live in this city of sparkles and, and yeah. Money and status and fame. And it can burn down in a night. Like it's, it's, it is humbling. And It is.


And then even like the, the trajectory of crime, If you plot it from the sixties and seventies, you know, it's just gone like this. Yeah. But it's not gone. There's far less, thank god. Yeah. But there's still quite a few people right now that are very willing to take an opportunity like This. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's still a reality. It's we're, we're not there. You know, it's like, yeah, we're in a transition and it's just, it's, I think it's weirdly almost harder. Like back when it was barbarism, it was just like, okay, well we gotta rule with a iron fist and you gotta put down all this.


And we move away from that as we should. And we're getting somewhere hopefully in the future where that's not even necessary. But it's like we're in this interesting phase where it's like, it's not necessary, but then all of a sudden it is necessary and then it isn't and it's, yeah. It's Wild. The cricket's made it though. That's good. That's good. Yeah. That part's good. Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare.


We are supported by why nab You put so much time and effort into earning money, you deserve to spend it without stress or second guessing. Y nab spelled YNAB is a life-changing app that helps you do what you want with the money you have. With Y nab, you'll create a flexible plan for your money through the simple practice of giving every dollar a job, keeping you focused on the life you want. So you can cover your mortgage and fund your 401k without sacrificing dinners with friends or that long awaited trip to Greece. With YA, you'll stop wondering where your money goes and start deciding where it will take you. The average YNA user saves $600 in their first two months and $6,000 in their first year. And 92% of users report feeling less money. Stress, since using YA Life is short, spend it well with YAB arm. Cherries can claim an exclusive three month free trial with no credit card required at www.y.com/dax. That's y.com/dax.


Okay. Couple facts. Okay. So for Jenny Laird Hamilton's creamer. Hmm. Tell me about Laird Hamilton's Creamer. It is, you asked if it was mushroom based. It is mushroom based, clean plant-based alternative to your dairy and sugar feet and sugar coffee creamers. Mm. Made with Rishi mushrooms. Now, I could be wrong on the timeline of this, but I do think I'm right. I think mushrooms, fungi was the first thing to sustain itself by eating other things. Mm. That sounds right. Like Prior to that it is absorbing sun and everything's growing and they invent consumption of other living beans.


They're the first monsters. Oh, gross. They, and they look like it. Yeah. And they taste good. I like them. There was in Mexico City on the menu. It wasn't a mushroom cobbler, but by God it was something like that. There was a dessert on the menu that was mushrooms first. Weird. And you know, Molly loves mushrooms. Oh. And I said, how much do you love mushrooms enough to get this mushroom dessert? She said, absolutely not. So I'm wondering if She had tried it. Who Orders of the mushroom dessert? Weird. Well, it's in this creamer. Maybe it's good. The Creamer's good. I've had, I've had laird's creamer. Huh. And it's quite good. Interesting. Okay.


Bellevue. Bellevue came up again, which is interesting 'cause it came up on Monday's episode with Josh Brolin. He said his aunt was at Bellevue. Yeah. It's a hospital in New York. Oldest public hospital. Can I ask where you first heard it? 'cause I'm pretty sure where I first heard that Seinfeld, they would say it all the time. Oh Really? Yeah. Oh, of course. It's a punchline in comedy a lot. They're gonna send someone to Bellevue. Right. And I think obviously they were all in New York making that. Well, they were here making the show. But it's in New York. Right. And they're New Yorkers. Oh, that's interesting. I, I don't know the first time I heard it, but Seinfeld wasn't my show. Right. I don't remember them saying it on friends.


But They should have. They were in New York. Missed opportunity. Jim Carrey. SNL. What is love is funny. It's funny. Yeah. So check that out on YouTube. You double checked it. Yeah, I looked it up. You checked that claim. And it is a fact. It's funny. It's funny. It's on YouTube. You can check it out. We are also on YouTube. We are on YouTube. Check us out on YouTube. We're there. You wouldn't know. But we're there. People liked the clip, The underwear clip. People Really liked the underwear clip. Of Course. I like the Underwear clip. Yeah. I really like watching when you and I start laughing in that deep genuine, where we can't really proceed kind of. Yeah. You get incapacitated.


You can't move or talk why there's something so joyous about that. It Is, it is Fun. Like you're leaned over this and I'm kind of just hiding from the camera. There's all, it's just really joyous. Yeah. What, what was the clip? People liked The fact check clip of me daydreaming. Oh my God. That was great. Yeah. That was Fun. That was really funny. People love that as well. Yeah. That was a fun one. Oh, I think this is worth saying. When I was editing this, I, I sort of had the realization because my friend had hiccups at the time. Chronic hiccups, which he sometimes gets. And you've also had, and we've, we've talked about it and someone sent you lollipops. What Were they called again?


Hi, Hickey Pops. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. And I got 'em again at Christmas, not nearly as long. Funny enough, that's when I got him the previous time. I might be allergic to a man go too hard at Christmas and it gives me hiccups. Mm. And I was, that's When he had it. Really? Yeah. I was scouring the house for the hickey pops and I couldn't find them. Oh. I was desperate for a hickey pop right before Christmas. Well, yeah. I mean, the thing is, when you're around someone who's constantly hiccuping and it's, it's wild. Like it's really kind of scary and it won't stop. He was trying to do everything to get him to stop and you'll do anything. You know, you do. It's, this other person was like, you know, you have to like turn upside down and like do the drinking the water.


And he was like, okay. You know, he's like, you're trying everything. It's stupid. Like none of these things really are gonna work for acid. You Go to the ends of the earth to stop it. You will. But we don't do it for our brains. We could be doing like, you'll do anything to stop hiccups, but anxiety and depression and these things that are Rumination. Exactly. Rumination. These are the real taxing things. We're just like, I guess I just have this, I'll have to live with it. Yeah. And you don't have to, you can do these things and it can help. Yeah. Body scans are great. Tara Brock, If you have Wondery Plus, If you have Wondery Plus you heard, you heard us do these facts already and we tried to get through a part that it was very hard to get through with me saying Tara Rock all Time.


It was kind of the underwear out the pants again. Yeah, it was. But Tara Brock is a great, she has a great podcast and, and a lot of great meditations and she walks you through body scans and it's helpful. I like it. Right. And then that, that doesn't mean go to an MR MRI and get your body scan. No. Because that's what I think of when I think of body scan. No, it's a mental body scan. Mental body scan before Bed is good. Focus on the, your follicles of your hair. Hair moved under the follicles of your eyebrows. Yep. What did you think of the j Did you hear the joke about Timothy Shama also, if I told you how obsessed I am with him now. No, I love him. I love him. So Did you get to talk to him? No. And I wanted to.


Yeah. So bad. You Were talking about the Golden Globes. The Golden Globes. He was there and I had just watched Lady Bird and little women, I forgot He was in Lady Bird. Yes. Oh my God. I forgot. I Oh yeah. Yeah. I am. Like he's In the new Leonardo DiCaprio. It took me back to like Johnny Depp where I was like, what I, who's this guy? Yeah. Whoa. Yeah. There's something really powerful about Timothy Shema. Yeah. Am I saying it right? I generally, Shela may. Shela May. Yeah. So, you Know, he is in in Call Me By Your Name. I haven't Seen that On, oh my God. I need to see it. The Revelation Now that I'm on the Charlemagne train. Yeah. Charlamagne Charlamagne train.


I'll get his name one day. Yeah. By the way, if I mix up your name and you're offended, I, I hope this bolsters well to the fact that like, I'm obsessed with this kid and I can't say his name, but there was a joke about him at the Globes About his mustache. Right. Said He has the most beautiful eye long eyelashes above his lip. I know. And I was, I felt very defensive of him. Okay. So actually I've been wanting, it's A good joke. Let me just say it's a good joke. Okay. I've actually been wanting to talk about this, but obviously the fires and it, it did not take precedent. It trivia, but I have a lot of thoughts. Ooh, I'm, I would love to hear them About these types of jokes.


Roasting in general. Roast is One topic in general is one thing. Yeah. And then this is adjacent, But people who go to a roast have, have agreed to go to a roast. Yeah. Yeah. But like, why do we still do it? Why are we doing this? Why are we roasting? It is so, Well It's hard to have this conversation 'cause I sound like very Pollyanna or like I'm, I'm, I'm so, I'm so against meanness. Yeah. I don't mean to come off like that, but like I do. It's true. Why be mean as a job? I can see it from all the angles, right? Yeah. So one is the people making fun of the other people would say they're punching up. I know.


I don't. Okay. That's kind of like the, the, the blanket excuse. Well, well you're punching up. You're not making fun of some disenfranchised person. You're making fun of a very rich Yeah. Movie star. Yeah. Valid Point. That's fine. Yeah, sure. Valid. Like I can, yeah. Totally valid. People really deeply enjoy watching their heroes have to get humbled a little bit by a joke. So for the audience it's deeply satisfying I guess. Like they enjoy the hell out of it at the end of the day, putting on this entertainment show that's 26 hours long. Yeah. And it's presumably for the audience that's watching. Then it gets into this really fun thing. And I'll not out this person, but I'm really good friends with someone that was nominated for one of the big awards and we had this long text exchange and he is like, I can't believe I go to these, I don't want to go anymore.


The notion that the entire thing is to slake our egos desire Yeah. By making us compete so that ultimately someone else can sell a show to America for millions of dollars. That those people are smart enough to know that our egos will get us there to that room. Yeah. So that we can be made fun of The Golden Globes is run by the Hollywood Forum press. Yeah. It's these single people who have left their country to come to Hollywood to report on Hollywood goings ons back in their home country. And it's very few people. It's not like the Academy Awards where it's like a thousands of people who are peers and experts in the trade it of all the things.


It's funny, that's the one that broke through as being second only to the Oscars. I know it's true. And so my friend was like lamenting of how tricky it is. Like he doesn't want to be there. He thinks it's the whole thing's a scam and that the people are making a ton of money on the vanity of these people and yet kind of has to do it 'cause it helps promote the movie that he's in. Yeah. And potentially makes the movie more successful. Which is what he, everyone would want the Point. Yeah. So you get this like really catch 22 situation. And I will say, and people will rightly accuse me of going, you're just saying this 'cause you are left out of it.


But I, I don't feel that way. The time for this is come and gone. Yeah, I Agree. It feels very weird and outdated and tone deaf and weird. It's starting to feel weirder and weirder and weirder. I was like, is going on right here. Now you get into the whole roasting thing because I was watching, I was like, I get it punching up. I, I feel I like gla I like her. She's great. She's really, really funny. I'll just say I, she's really, really funny and I have no ill will towards her. I, my personal experience is I bump into Jesse Isenberg getting a Diet Coke and he said, did you see, we were in the New York Times yesterday. You and I, apparently Nikki had two jokes about you and I that were too gnarly for a, B, c or whatever network it was on.


So I sit down at my seat. You Knew that at while you were Sitting there knowing she had some joke about me that was too bad to be aired. So I'm watching the monologue going, I'm expecting there's some shot that there's a joke coming my way. Maybe the one she wanted got rejected, but maybe she retooled it or something. So I'm just kind of waiting to get blasted and I'm like trying to think like, okay, what's the ideal reaction to getting completely skewered? I am now I'm meaner than her in my own head. Right. I'm like, she's gonna start saying that I'm only there 'cause of Kristen, I'm filling in all the worst blanks, like the loser boyfriend who's here.


You know, the way she made fun of Benny Blanco. Yeah. You know, and I'm like, oh, it's coming. It's coming. And I'm, I have to play a role. I think it's Hilarious. Where are you gonna laugh? Because I, I don't, what else could you do? That's nice. No, some people don't. They're like, they, They just, why didn't get to see Timmy's reaction. He did it. He did a good job. He played Along. You got no option. You gotta act like you, I think it's nice to play along, but I also, like, I thought that when Joe Coy did his thing, no one played along except Bradley. And I thought that was very big of him. Yeah. And I remember thinking like, oh wow, good for him.


He's playing along. No one else is doing this. But I think it's the only Move. You also kind of get it, but I get it. You're like, why do I have to pretend this is funny. You're making fun of me. Yes. In front of everyone. Yeah. And I'm insecure like everyone else here. Yes. We're all insecure. This, you, you all think that we got secure somehow 'cause we got invited this No. Everyone here's super insecure. And then I find on the other side of that, this great compassion for Nikki, which is like, we'll invite you If you shit on everyone. And now if she wants to be on TV and that big of an audience and gain All, how has popular She has to shit on all these people that she probably likes and would like to be endeared to and be friends with, just like all of us would be.


Yeah. So I'm like, everyone's losing in this scenario. I don't think Nikki only wants to be invited to the party if she's come. If, if her responsibilities come shit on everyone. Yeah. And I don't think anyone likes the being shit on Yeah. The audience is winning, I guess. Are they? That's fair. Yeah. They're, they're, there's no way. They're not That's fun. The, they're loving seeing the, in the, the elite people get taken down a peg. 'cause we all enjoy that. I don't, I don't. I'm I'm not, again, not to sound like I'm above everyone. Yeah. But I don't understand that. Yeah. I, I cannot relate to being happy that that bad things are happening even to people who are obviously doing great and doing much better.


Why, why would I want bad things to happen to people? Yes. I don't get that. And then, and then I'm, and then I'm taking some personal inventory during all this. I mean, my head was on fire during the whole monologue. Right. Because again, I'm expecting something really embarrassing to come my way. Do you Know what it was? I do. Well, I'll get to that part of it. So then I start taking it personal inventory. I go, hold on. How judgmental can you be of all this? Have you done this? I have. I've been on Conan. I had a movie coming out that I made that was up against Expendables and I had a good time talking about that. Their fight scenes, they move less and less. And I am thinking a, this, they would never hear this.


Right. It's objectively funny. Like what I'm saying is funny is this action movie where everyone fights like within a one foot thing. Yeah. And so I've done it. Yeah. And, and I'm guilty of it. And then I go, okay, so what's some compassion I have for myself? Which is like, I'm scared. My movie's about to get blasted by these legends, which it did. I don't know what else to do. Trying to be funny, trying to make them happy. And I go, yeah, yeah. This is the whole situation. Yeah. That's generous. So I'm not in judgment of anyone. I just, I'm not looking forward to getting blasted for all these people. Yeah. So the monologue ends and somehow I made it out of it. Right. And so did Jesse Eisenberg. Yeah. We were spared. And then Aaron of all people, my best friend who I love, who I've told, when you hear something terrible about me, don't tell me.


But I understand, like, you feel this responsibility to your best friend. Like you should know what, so I'm on Instagram, I look at my DM and I see a clip of Nikki on Howard Stern the following day. And then Aaron says, rude. And then I wrote, I'm not gonna watch this. I bet it will just hurt my feelings. Yeah. And I leave it at that and I decide I am not gonna watch it. And then in the comments, tons of people in the comments are like, do you see Nikki's joke about you? So I've made the decision. I'm not going to, but you have to know that I, now I have, I have created 10 or 12 jokes that it might be, and they're so hurtful. Listen, there's so, It's Not that bad. It's Nothing. Well, listen, I ended up, oh, I'm also telling Kristen this.


Right. I am like, I guess, you know, she, she was bummed. She couldn't, didn't get to make the joke. And so she went on stir and made the joke. And I just hope I never see it. I even wrote that in some comments on, no, I haven't seen that. And I hope never to see it. Yeah. And then last night Kristen comes in and she goes, oh, I watched the Nicki joke. It's nothing. All she said is, all these people in the room are trying to probably avoid you, so you don't ask them to come on your podcast. Yeah. I'm like, oh my God. That's nothing the things I thought of. I know that She could have said about me. And were on the table and they're my, these very deep fears of people thinking I'm riding someone's coattails and stuff that's, I filled in so much.


So it, at the end of the day, it was good. I heard what it was. 'cause I had assumed it was way, way worse. Yes. And all of it is this crazy ride we're all on for almost no reason at all. It seems so unnecessary. I don't know. Before the show started, I was like very skeptical of what the monologue was gonna be. I don't like mean jokes for no reason. I, she, I thought she, I mean, she is funny. Like I'm not jokes. She's really, really funny. She's really funny. And there were a couple And a good writer. Yeah. Yeah. And there were a couple that I thought were so good. The two fingers up for baby Girl. For me, the best one was, oh, celebrities can do anything except get the country to vote a certain way.


Yeah. Like, that was so good. Yeah. Like making fun of the group. The institution is good, but it's the same milling outs And there's a fucking closeup on the person that's about to get shit out. And you see them, their eyes are so wide. Like Selena Gomez, like, she was just like, she, I felt, I was like, oh, this is so upsetting. I was saying, why do you have to agree to that part of it? Like, Hey, we, we got this award for you, but by the way, you're gonna have to probably be in a closeup getting shit on to get this award and you, and that I think is why, that's why this front is like, why are, why on earth are we doing this? Yeah, I know. Because They have turned to that. I think vets started it. Yeah. Like real Record. Yeah. I know. It did not used to be this crazy. But anyway, so I already was going in.


Jess loves Nikki. Yeah. Yeah. He's been following her for years. Yeah. He thinks she's great and was really excited to see it. And we know we had a lot of conversations before where this, it's triggering for me. I don't like it. And then she was on a Vogue podcast before she did. She went on and she said she doesn't like, it's, she can't really take the jokes about her. And I was like, yeah, what the fuck? Like, what is this? Who's winning? Anyways, so then she did it. We all watched it together and I was kind of like, you know, I, again, I thought that, I thought, I think she is very talented. Yeah. But it, it was, that's overall, that's hard for me to watch Minus those glo more global jokes.


And then the next day someone sent it to me, the Howard thing, and we were already sort of in a thing. Me and you were already sort of in a thing that day. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Someone was like, did you see the joke about Dax? And I was like, what? And then I watched it and I also was like so scared. It was gonna be so mean. Yeah. But my looks and why is she with me? I Didn't know what it could be, but I was just like, this is gonna be bad. And then it wasn't. And then I too was like, oh, that's really not a big deal. Also it's not true. And I said, oh my God, I hope he never sees this because he already doesn't ask anyone. Right. I certainly would never ask anyone in a Wardrobe and it's really fucking annoying.


But that it's annoying that you don't like, it's to a fault. And I was like, if he sees this, he's never gonna ask anyone ever again to come on. And that's hard. That's bad For us. And this goes to, by the way, this really goes to demonstrate for me personally, If you have an insecurity about something, it, it, it hurts so bad. Like has she made fun of my looks and then I'm too ugly to be with Kristen? That would've really been hurtful. I didn't give a fuck about that. Because what did happen at the Golden Globes, the only time the podcast came up at the Golden Globes is three different people I ran into each said, that's my favorite interview I've ever done in my life. All that really happened was people pulled me aside to say it was their favorite interview they've ever done. I was like, I felt great. So she could say anything she would want Yeah.


About that. And it doesn't bother me. I sent it to Jess and I said, cool. Period. And he was like, and he's, and he was like, no, I get it. He was like, I get it. It it's funny until it's you. And I was Exactly. That's the whole thing. And anyway, but that was that I guess. But I was very, I was, well, yeah, We're perfectly aligned on, I was very defensive. Maybe I'm extra sensitive to it because I think there's already too much hatred out there right now, or in the last, at least like eight to 12 years.


Do you think it's symptomatic of this? I Don't think it's symptomatic. Larger diminishing of civility. I don't think it's symptomatic. I think it, it runs the risk of making it worse. I'm like, we're already, it's already bad. Like don't add. Yeah. Don't add meanness. Like it's, it's not a good time for that. It's, it's a time to add kindness. And I understand that's not like fun for an award show. Yeah. But I just, I just, it sucks out there. Like people are so mean to each other. Oh yeah. And even this with the fires, like, people are saying such horrible stuff. Are they the rich people? They have other homes they can go to. Oh yeah. Yeah.


Like, fuck you. Oh, I was thinking like, yeah, If you are, I mean, I said it out loud when I was like, when, when there was the moment I was like, wow, could the whole, the whole city completely be raised right now? I was like, yeah, there's some people down south that Are excited That are like, yeah, fuck that place. I think it's extreme to have these thoughts, but yeah, It's like the liberals were happy when Covid deniers died of Covid. That happened too, Right? Yeah, exactly. But also, that's a, to me that's slightly different because those are choices. These aren't choices. Like I think, I mean that's still bad. Of course. Well they Go, you had to live in this fancy place. You could have lived somewhere that doesn't catch out and fire every six months. That's true. But then there's hurricanes, there's this, there's that. But I guess that's my whole point is maybe some people here would be like, well hurricanes, like, I guess I, I don't really care about New Florida, but it's all bad.


It's like, it's all bad. Everyone should have compassion and help. And most people do. I mean, I've gotten so many sweet like check-ins. Random check-ins. Yeah. And also like, where can I donate? Yeah. What do you know? Like on the ground here, what's going on? Whatever. I, it's very kind, mostly, but then there's just people who I'm just shocked by. I have to make, If you, If you were like to the letter of the law, creationist believing end of times Christian, this is so biblical. I know. How are they not going? Like, other than a flaw, this would be the next best thing. Well, I guess that was another thing people were saying like, the globe's joke about God zero.


Which that was hilarious. I didn't see that. Like Mario Lopez. It was the count of of what pe who people had thanked. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Moms. Yeah. It was like, oh yeah, yeah. Mario Lopez won God zero. Yes, Yes, yes. And that Was really funny. And that was hilarious. Yeah. And then people were like, see that happened. And now it's Like God's mad that no one thanked him at that global Well, Well he's very sensitive. He's like me. Oh my God. You think he would not be sensitive? He is so powerful. But he's very sensitive, just like me. He's very vain. Oh, Jesus. Afraid people are gonna take his looks and his social standing. Well that It's hard to be made fun of. It's hard to be made fun of.


It just is. Anyway. Well that was a, that was actually a very fun detour That Yeah. Yeah. And that's it for Jenny. That was it for Jenny. Yeah. I do wanna go out saying like, I would not want anyone to hear all my opinions I just said and have anything against Nikki gla I'm like rooting for her. And I think she's really, really Talented. It's very generous of you. And, and I agree. I was un punked. Like, it was like, let's get celebrities in a tricky situation and see if they act badly. And I was like, okay, well this is the only job I'm ever gonna get and I'll take it. Right. So I'm not really in judgment of anyone. Yeah. I'm just, I'm saying for me, I was in deep fear.


Yeah. That everything I, I'm afraid people think about me was confirmed and then it wasn't. She's also, she's a swifty, she's a major swifty. Oh, is she? She's been to like, she went to like a million of the shows. Oh really? She's sober. Well, She is. Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah. Well, she made me have her on a talk through this whole thing. I Was like, like at first I was like, I never want a rewarder. That's how I, when I saw it, I was like, guess who's not coming on our show ever. Yes. But then now I feel like the bigger version of me would be like, that's nice to have her on try to have a, a sincere conversation about it. Yeah. Well we could anyway. Alright. All right. Love you. Love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


On January 5th, 2024, an Alaska Airlines door plug tore away. Mid-flight, leaving a gaping hole in the side of a plane that carried 171 passengers. This heart-stopping incident was just the latest in a string of crises surrounding the aviation manufacturing giant Boeing. In the past decade, Boeing has been involved in a series of damning scandals and deadly crashes that have chipped away at its once Sterling reputation at the center of it all. The 7 37 max, the latest season of business wars explores how Boeing wants the gold standard of aviation. Engineering descended into a nightmare of safety concerns and public mistrust. The decisions, denials and devastating consequences, bringing the titan to its knees and what, if anything, can save the company's reputation. Now, follow business wars on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge business wars, the unraveling of Boeing early and ad free right now on Wondery Plus.