
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan Rather, and I'm joined by Modest Mouse. Hi. Hello There. Hello there. Hello there. Jesse Eisenberg. This is a reunion for he and I, as you'll find out. We met one other time. Yes. I really enjoyed Jesse Eisenberg. I enjoyed him so much, truly. And when I was listening back, I was like, holy, this guy is great. He's a special dude. He is. And he's very quick. He's very funny. He was a A joy. He is incredible. He's an Academy Award nominated actor. Filmmaker.


Did I say actor or is He a blessing? He's a borderline blessing. Wow. And he's a playwright. The Social Network. Come on guys. Now You See Me. There's two three third coming maybe Zombie Land. Oh, Fleischman in Trouble. Great show. When you finish Saving the World. And his movie is out right now. A Real Pain, which is a bonafide great movie. I help people check out this movie. Yeah, it's so, so good. It's so unique and honest and great. Please enjoy Jesse Eisenberg. The blessing. The blessing. You don't watch Christmas vacation enough? Oh, I don't. Let's have aunt so-and-so say Grace.


Grace. She's been dead for years. No, the Blessing. They want you to say the blessing. Oh. He's pointing at his team for some Why is he point? Because he's very old and he has a toupee and it catches on fire. Lot's going on on that. Please enjoy Jesse Eisenberg.


We are supported by Audible Audible's. Best of 2024 picks are here. Mm. Audible's curated list in every category is the best way to hear 2020 four's best in audio entertainment. Like a stunning new full cast production of George Orwell's 1984. This is the one I am most excited to indulge myself with. I'm so excited to listen to James, which is a new title by personable effort that is very, very hot right now. Mm. Well there's so many good ones on the list. We love Audible. This is how you go to bed. I love Audible. I swear by Audible. I can't wait to listen to the Orwell 1984 off this list. I'm also doing fleas by autobiography right now, which I'm obsessed with. I can't get enough Audible in my life every night. Go to Audible dot com slash dax and discover all the years best waiting for you. That's Audible dot com slash dax.


Okay. This is great because people may remember a while back, you and I have debated, which is better. Acetaminophen or ibuprofen. We sure have. So I, for me particularly headaches, I gotta go Tylenol. Yep. But I do like Motrin for muscle pain. I Like Motrin. Yeah. You won't even play. I play. What about for headaches though? I Mean I'm Motrin. You're team Motrin. Just Listen to this. I'm just Team Motrin. Stop trying to make me who I'm not The gods have intervened and we have a perfect solution. Motrin and Tylenol have finally settled the great debate by teaming up and introducing Motrin dual action with Tylenol. Oh, they did this for us to save our relationship. I think they may have. Why just use one when you can have both The pain targeting strength of Motrin United with the pain blocking power of Tylenol. Ibuprofen is the active ingredient. Motrin and Acetaminophen is the active ingredient in Tylenol. Motrin plus Tylenol brands provide over a hundred years of combined pain relief experience in one product. Whatever your needs, Tylenol and Motrin are here to help fast acting, long lasting by Tylenol, Motrin, and Motrin. Dual action with Tylenol on Amazon or at a store near you. Use product only as directed.


How are you? Hi. How good. Welcome. I'm sorry I'm late. Oh, that's okay. Thanks for having me here. Yeah. Oh, you smell the light bulb. Oh, you too. Did you already comment on that? I did not. Did you guys embrace We shook hands. You shook hands. I'm wearing perfume. Is it possible It's me? Yeah. I think it's her. It's definitely not me. No, no. Go smell him. Only if it's allowed. Only If you could smell. Smell everywhere. Yeah. You do smell nice. Yeah, it smell fantastic. You do. You do. This was just given to me by someone else. By somebody else. Yeah. Well that person smells great, so maybe she smelled great. Yeah. My compliments to the former owner of that sweater. Oh no, no. She's A stylist so perhaps she sprays everything to before she gives it to me. Oh, okay. I'm being dressed for the next month. That's a fun first question, is most of your wardrobe comprised of shit you've collected on sets?


Only one time I had taken my clothes from a movie and then we had to do promotion of the movie. And so I just changed out the clothes I had with the new version for the promotion. My lawyer called me and she said, Sony called, you have to send back the new versions. Oh no. Ly replaced. So there is a risk You can get caught. Oh, that's a ding, ding, ding. Because my only really sad experience I ever had with wardrobe was Sony. Really? Because in this movie's a thorough, they made this really cool astronauts outfit for me. And again there were several and I wanted it and they said, no, you can't have it. And I said, well I'll pay for it. And they said, no, you can't pay for it. And then years, years later, I know you're not on social media, but like 15 years later someone sent me a link to it being sold on eBay for like 15 bucks and it's sold or something completely insignificant.


Serious. Yeah. It's the whole astronaut outfit. And I was like those sons of bitches, I would've given them more than $15. Wait, who was selling it? I imagine Sony just was like, we gotta get rid of All this. We need 15 bucks. We gotta get 15 bucks by Friday. Oh my God. We're Gonna get kicked outta these offices. They maybe thought that it was gonna be such an enormous hit that it would be at the Smithsonian and then it would end up being worth millions and millions. Yeah. Maybe we were both thinking the same thing. Yeah. And then it came out and just didn't do that. Didn't really eBay. Yeah. I think it's eBay time. It could also be, you know the company that made it, they could had duplicate. I don't even knows. I don't wanna to throw something Out. Were they selling it as ahora branded thing?


Great Question. I have forgotten. We'll have to Research. Okay, got it. Research. Yeah, Maybe you can have an intern. Okay. This is always a stressful question to hear out loud, especially in public. But do you remember meeting me Uhoh? I was actually wracking my brain trying to, I'll paint a picture for you. Okay. I don't know the year. It would be between 2008 and 2013 because that's when I shot the show. But I was at Universal Shooting Parenthood and I'm outside my trailer and I see a young gentleman across the way in front of one of the bungalows, I think having a cigarette. Were you a smoker? No. You weren't a smoker. I could tell from a hundred yards. I'm like, that's just, oh my God. Yes. I do remember I Could double your body posture. I just recalled this. Yes. And I remember you were shooting there and I strolled across this great divide like a My God, a hundred Yards.


My God. I knew exactly the date. Of course I Just harangued You. That's right. I was doing a reshoot for a movie and you were shooting. I remember exactly where it was. It was towards Jesus Christ. I don't know any of the names of the streets out here. It was by whatever it was closer to the street where you enter. Anyway, I totally remember that. I mostly outta curiosity had to confirm like, can I possibly be recognizing that's Jesse Eisenberg from this far away just by how he's standing? Yes. Yes. There's no one with my posture that would possibly be in a movie. So yeah. Except me. I remember you were so sweet. Yeah. I was there for one day doing reshoots. Yeah. And I came over, I'm like, I could tell it was you from. And you're like, okay. Trying to take that in. Like that's a weird icebreaker. And then we had a nice 15, 20 minute chat. Yes. I don't know why. I remember you smoking buter you Up a little bit.


You smoked and you were holding it. Yeah, I prop. I was holding it for him. Yeah. He just like asked me to hold it. I swear. That's interesting. Maybe I was, maybe I was going through a moment. Did you ever smoke? I've tried to smoke to relieve stress. Yeah. I tried to take it up and thought like this will help my personality and it just doesn't. I thought this will calm me. And it does that little trick of you're finally breathing for the first time where you're taking like deep breaths. I always thought if they can come up with a cigarette that didn't make me nauseous, I'd be a heavy smoker. Yeah. It's kind of poisonous. I mean I'm addicted to nicotine greatly, But not cigarettes. I smoke for, I don't know, 15 years and it's miserable. The first, I don't know, a hundred cigarettes. You gotta really stick with it. You do? Okay. I try to. And then I also tried to smoke during a movie where I was just feeling so stressful.


And then this young assistant prop woman, she was really nice and we always used to talk and she was very friendly and nerdy and she thought that we were kindred spirits. And then she saw me smoking one day and she came over to me and she just said, I thought you were different. Oh. And I was felt such shame. You Had betrayed. Yes. Whatever. Because see that was like a cool guy Move. She didn't know that I was feeling deep, genuine anxiety and just trying to do anything to relieve myself. It was before I was taking like antidepressants. I was just trying anything To regulate. Exactly. And it occurred to me after she said that that, oh right. Maybe it doesn't work on me anyway. Right. Well I don't want you to say that, but okay, I Do. Thanks. I don't think you need to pick it back up or anything really. Yeah. But I like his encouragement more because My over my overarching hunch is that you've convinced yourself there's a lot of things you can't pull off it.


You could. Maybe that's true. Oh Yeah. So my gut's telling me If you think you weren't pulling it off and you probably were, You know what, that's very savvy of you. And as I get older, I start thinking more along those lines. Maybe I've kind of self-defined in a way that's actually maybe not the most Accurate. Yeah. This is one of, Monica i's longest standing battles. I think she's cooler than she thinks she is. I encouraged her to shave. Well I think I'm pretty cool, but he wants me to go extreme. He wants me to Yeah. Shave my hair. No, no. Just the side. I thought she could really pull off like kind of a punk, one side, one side shave. Sure. I like that Side. Right. Picture her in that. I like it too. Doesn't Look good On others. It's not that. I don't think I'm cool enough for that. It's just not me.


Well how do you know it's you until you try on some L? Well that's true because speaking of cigarettes for Halloween, I was Mary Kate and Ashley, one of them current era. And so I was holding a cigarette the whole time. I've never smoked in my life. And so I wasn't smoking but I was holding it and I was like, she got it. It is cool. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Of course. It's unfortunately There's a line in Manhattan where he goes, I don't smoke 'cause it gives you cancer. But I look so incredibly handsome with a cigarette in my mouth. Yeah. Yeah. It's true. You don't want it to be true. But it is true. If you ever bought a car and then you got in the car and you're like, oh fuck, I don't think I can do this. Yeah. I got an Airstream. Oh, Okay. Smallest to pull behind the trailer.


Yeah. I mean a truck. Exactly. But I guess I feel that way anytime I'm going in reverse. But also just like you'd stop at these campsites, I'd travel with my family and I would've to unhook the thing and I would always be asking for help. I was always just like the campsite's little brother, just asking for help for everybody. And can you show me how to use this tool that I carry around for some reason? Well, you kind of answered the question. So that was my hobby as a kid. So I'm pretty mechanical and we have a tour bus and I say to my wife every time we're in, because the entire time we're operating it's breaking. Like it's breaking real time. As fast as I can fix anything, there's too much gadgetry on it. Of course. And I always say to Kristen, like, what is your normal person who's not a mechanic do with these recreational vehicles?


Is yours in constant need of something? Oh, a hundred percent. I mean it flooded in Minnesota in the deep, deep winter. And of course the thing would freeze and break if I didn't do anything about it. And luckily mechanics, they saw me in a movie, which was the only reason I got to get in there. You Think the big thing's buying the item. Oh no, my friend. That's basically a down payment. Exactly. I mean there were just mice in the inside of the Airstream. Oh, not on the inside of the Airstream. On the inside of the, inside of the air. Like within the two walls? Yes. Did they eat any plumbing? 'cause mice ate plumbing in my bus and it was so expensive. 'cause I have all this water, you know I have two toilets and shit. They fucking ate through the plastic hoses. We went on vacation all the water, dumped on all the electronics, short circuited, everything in the bus. Oh my god. The shades, the lights, Everything.


And then you found out later This was the work of mice. Oh wow. A coordinated effort by mice. What's the solution here? New Fucking Plumbing. But I mean, how do you get mice outta The place, but what do you Exactly, how do you prevent the mice? Well First I went on a mice killing spree, which was, I put traps out in the bus with the yummy, yummy peanut butter. Those ones were ethical. And this fell on my sister. Unfortunately. She had to go release them in Griffith Park. I assume they came right back. The ones where it closes in the little box. Yeah, it's like a little resting area before we take our next trip. Right, Right, right. Oh my God. And they get the peanut butters. What did you find? Just bits of foam chewed up everywhere and turds. I Took it into a place and they said yes, they had eaten the entire inner foam lining of the thing. Here's The other thing about mice. They love eating plastic.


Is that what it is? Are they actually eating it? They're just chewing and spitting it out. Okay, great point. I didn't see how much deist there was underneath. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. But yeah, they love insulation and wood. These things are not food. No, but they thrive on It. Yeah, they really do. We're currently trying to sell it. Yeah, That sounds right. Well This is a great place to offer it. We've made a great pitch for the product. I think My wife was just asking the school moms if anybody knows anybody, but this is a far wider reach. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Is there an info? Jesse Kaiser Mouse ridden please In the comments. What's year in the size? 2017. Oh no. 16 foot Bambi Sport. Beautiful. I would say good condition, but now you know. Yeah. Rattle and mice. Yeah, I was gonna say tape.


Never had mice but now you know. But I got it. I fixed it up. It's mint condition. It's Gorgeous. So is it info@armchairexpert.org? Yes, that's exactly Right. And just gimme a number. I don't wanna have to start going through a whole thing. Yeah. And you don't want to be in a long-term negotiation. Just throw out your final number. Listen, I'm easy. We wanna sell The seller's very motivated. Exactly. Where do you keep This? I live in New York, so I keep this on my mother's lawn in New Jersey. Okay. And so when you guys wanna go on a trip, you drive, do you rent a truck or do you own a truck? During the pandemic, I bought my very first car, which was just a Jeep Cherokee. I never had a car 'cause I'm in New York, then I gave it to my sister. So I don't have the car anymore either. So I have to go to my sister's, get the car. Right. Then I have to drive to my moms. So it's a great way to visit your whole family.


Yes. Only to get 20 miles down the road and realize there's a major mechanical. That's Exactly it. Are You confident driving even though you've never had a car until a couple years ago? Oh, good Question. Yes is a good question. I'm confident. My dad was a taxi driver in New York right before I was born and he taught me how to drive. And so I guess the word would be cocky. Okay. Yeah. Not confident. Arrogant. Arrogant driver. Fearless to a dangerous degree. Oh, Okay. This is great. So cars can be so healing because you're saying you feel very confident and it sounds like you're aggressive in the car. Ooh, I see where you're going. Yes. Why don't I use that as the real me and smoke a cigarette out the window of my Jeep. You spit tobacco out the windows. Yeah, exactly. You have a piss jar like in crazy Shaved head blowing the wind.


Oh, fucking exactly right on the Roof. One side of her head blowing in the wind, the other side having a nothing sheer breeze. This is a good movie. This is Monica, just go wild. This is great movie because I'm pretty tame as well. But I do think the car, so we okay. You were brought home as a little tiny bambino to queens. Wow. Yes. Okay. But then when did we move to New Jersey? Wow. Oh, this is The tip of the ice. You're already, you're already, wow, I impressed. Got a lot. Very, very ary. I'll get Deeper. Are you serious? Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I have your physical from 10th grade. Well you're in luck. It's the same physical right now. Yeah. We went to New Jersey when I was five years old and then I grew up in the suburbs, but I left when I was 18. So I got my license at 19. So this explains the driving situation here.


I was counting on the days till 16. I could not wait, but I grew up in a rural area of Michigan, outside of Detroit and in New Jersey. Clearly kids were driving, right? Yes. You were probably anxious to get your permit and all that? Not really. What happened was I was starting acting and then I also was going to a high school in New York City. And so I was taking the bus into New York City every day from New Jersey to go to high school. And I was around no one driving. Okay. Right. So like I was only around city kids. In fact, I had to use a fake address to be there. It was ex city public school. This Is the performance art senior year. Yes. Yes. Every time you reference anything, I'm going to be in shock. I Want you to pace yourself though. I think I could sustain the same level of interest. Oh this is great. It's kinda like an acting exercise. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. This is your greatest day of your life. So no matter what that would be an acting exercise.


Yeah. This is the greatest day of your life, no matter what information you hear. And then I would say, thank you for coming in Mr. Eisenberg. We just got your lab results back and unfortunately you are showing a very large tumor in your neck. You've got a couple months left. Right. Wait, sorry. What's happening? It's The greatest day of your life, despite you're supposed to, despite inform information I give you. Yeah. This is the wait you mean it's like the greatest day and then I go to the doctor? No, The acting exercise is, this is the greatest day of your life despite whatever. Got it. Information. Okay, I get it. So, got it Mr. Eisenberg, let's Take this back. Let's Try it one More time. Okay. Got it. Did you cut Rob? Yeah, you cut. Okay great. You don't ever cut. Wait till I yell. Cut. Yes, we did get your sonogram back of your chest and you have a very large mass.


How Large are we talking here? Eight to 12 inches it seems like on the skin. 12 inches. It's a virtually your full left lobe of your lung. So my whole lung is this other thing. Yes. This is incredible. You know, because I have not seen an episode of The Wire and I keep promising myself if I ever find myself bedridden, if I get the flu or in this case obviously it's something much more long term. I'll finally, oh My God. Well congratulations. You're gonna love it. It's a great show. Be patient of the first three episodes. Okay. It takes a minute for the writing to set in. That's fine. Obviously I have the time and is the right lung Okay. 'cause I've also not done Breaking Bad. It's not great, but it'll make it through. I think both series really? Yes. Oh this is great. The left Is that bad? The Left is not great. Okay, great. Yes. Great. Can I do the old sitcom?


You know, 10 years of 20 episodes of Perfect Strangers, you're probably Not gonna get through Cheers. Okay. Okay. You I'm not gonna make it through. Cheers. That's Right. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Well what a great show to go out. Watch. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Okay. This is great. This is a Good action. This is fantastic. Yeah, you did a really good job. If I'm your teacher, I'm At First I thought it was so good that at first I was like he still doesn't get it. But he really got it Right. He got it. I was playing. Yeah. I Need to do a few minutes on mom and dad 'cause they both have very, very colorful, interesting backgrounds. So as you said, your father was a taxi driver but he also worked at a hospital and he also became a college professor of sociology. This doesn't seem like a possible trajectory. That sounds like an immigrant story. Oh yeah. His dad worked at a cafeteria and then my dad was the first one to go to college in the family.


Now he's a college teacher. So he's a bright guy. Yeah, really smart. How Long was he driving a cab and working at the hospital? A few years in Queens. Oh no, he worked at the hospital after that when I was a kid he worked in hospital administration and then the hospital merged as another hospital. And so yeah, he started teaching. Where does he teach? He teaches through the SUNY system at a school called Empire State. It's part of like the state University of New York system. SUNY as an opposed to Shiat. That's right. Okay. And which is weird 'cause my mom is Shia. Oh, Oh wow. That's Complicated. And I was raised Jewish. That's a con intuitive. They Went that neutral round. Yeah. The two fronts met in the middle. That's something we can both agree on. Yeah, exactly. And then mom was a choreographer in a high school.


Oh my God, that's not even on the Wikipedia. She was also, she was also a clown by the name of Kana. What was her Mom? Yeah, Bonna Bei Bonna. Which That's on the internet Or I got your mom's number. Got It. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Which is also on the internet Leaning to the number thing. Can we take one second to recognize that we've interviewed 800 people? No one's mother was a clown. I mean you gotta acknowledge very novel thing. Yeah, That's interesting. I mean she was not bozo or like Barnum and Bailey Circus. She was doing birthday parties in the tri-state area of New Jersey. I guess I never perceived it as my mom the clown. 'cause people didn't know. It wasn't like, wow, your mom's that clown. It was more like this was her job on the weekends. You Never had a friend over that had this eerie feeling. He or she had met your mother before and then hours later went, oh my God, did your mother do my fourth grade?


Could you just put on tons of makeup for a second real quick. Blow up a hundred balloons. You know what's actually funny now that people know me, people do come up to me and said your mom did my birthday party. 'cause they've linked it somehow. But she was really great. So every Saturday and Sunday she would basically wake up six the morning, tune her guitar, blow up a hundred balloons. And so it was disciplined for a really silly performance. She was a business owner. She was a hustler. Yeah. Actually I didn't think of it that way. Yeah, that's like a good model to have as a mom I think And as a performer. 'cause I work with a lot of performers who I still have to get over the hump of thinking this is so silly what I do embarrass. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. Embarrassment. And I just never really had that because I saw somebody who took it so seriously. My mom never said so weird today I was in makeup.


It was just like, yeah, this was my job, this is what I'm doing. And I took it really seriously. Yes. So now I guess this is common knowledge. I didn't know this before researching you, but when I told my wife excitedly from the bedroom, you're not gonna believe who Jesse Eisenberg's little sister is. Oh yeah. Yeah. Did she know? She knew immediately. But do you know Monica? His little sister is the Pepsi girl. The Pepsi girl. The one you're thinking of. I love her. Everyone loved her. She was universally loved. And so she Was working at the same time you were before? She's 10 years younger, but she was through a series of weird fluky things. Was in movies and very popular commercials when Yeah, I was like 14. But You were already acting right? Because you were an understudy at 12 years old for a Tennessee Williams play.


Exactly. That's pretty nuts. How do we get to, I was doing children's theater in New Jersey And again is this something mom just put you in? No, she put my older sister who was shy and I just wanted to be with my older sister. I didn't really like performing. It was on the weekends, children's theater every Saturday and Sunday. And then I had troubles in school and so I just wanted to do anything to have an outlet from school. So I started doing community theater. It's like non-professional but with adults in same towns. And it was an amazing outlet for me. And then an agent from New York had come seen something and asked me if I would go on an audition for this play. It was summer in Smoke, this Tennessee Williams play. So 12 was your first Yeah. Professional audition. Yeah. Wow. And you got it. Well I got like the understudy. Well That's a lot more than I've gotten on Broadway.


Well Sure. But it was a really weird job to get at 12 because it was like, oh you know how you like doing that acting thing, you're not gonna get to do that at all. You're gonna to get to watch a lot acting. Yeah, exactly. And then you're gonna play poker and smoke cigarettes backstage with all the other people are kind of waiting for somebody else to get sick. Praying for an injury. Exactly That. Yeah. So do you have to go there every night? If you are an understudy, you Go there every night. Again, for me this was just a dream come true. 'cause I mean I get to go to New York City every night. I didn't have to like interact with people at school 'cause I had this other thing and I couldn't have friends anyway 'cause I was leaving. I got to miss Wednesdays in school 'cause I do the day shows and Broadway. It was just great. Do you Remember how much you were making? I think I do. Or at least I can figure it out. Because it was the roundabout theater on Broadway, which they had these special contracts where you can make something like $220 a week.


It wasn't a thousand. Gosh. No, no, no, no, no, no. 'cause if I was 12 and you were paying me a couple grand a week to come hang and play poker. Oh God no. There's like no economy for that kind of thing. I made money when I was just about to turn 16 and I got on a TV series, get Real this Fox show. That's when I made money and we were all just in a state of bewilderment. Yes, I bet. Even though at that point little sisterhood also generated a bunch of money. Actually She started making money at like five years old and it was crazy. My parents are wonderful, wonderful people. And this is not a but this, this is an end this. And when my sister made money when she was younger, it was just like a weight off the shoulders of my house. Yeah, sure. You just felt it. And they didn't even wanna take her money. You know there's the rules. It was just for the first time the lid went off the pot.


And again this is all for her for college, But there's a safety net. Yeah. Somewhere in the mix Somebody loses a leg. Yeah. It was like amazing. And then I got on this TV show and then since that moment it all just feels like a joke to me. Getting money for acting, the whole thing just feels like a joke to me and my family and my wife. It all just feels like this is ridiculous. I can't believe no one's telling them they don't have to do this. Right. That we would all be here anyway. Yes. Yes we would. Would we go promote? That's the question I've been told. That's what you get paid to do is go promote. Unless it's a podcast, then you would do that for free as well. Oh My God. Well so pleasurable. It's the arm tracks free. I mean can I pay even the promoting thing? I just got back from Poland promoting the movie that I filmed in Poland and being there to promote it.


I was staying in literally the nicest hotel in Warsaw and it was the hotel that we would pass every day as we went to our bad apartments. Yeah. And it's so funny. So I'm like, oh my God, this is what it feels, feels like to promote a thing. Yes. Versus when you're making a thing and there's a small budget for making an independent film and there's no money for any of that stuff. Yeah. No one asked for this. But I think the finances of this would interest people who are not in show business. So If you think about a studio has a budget to promote the movie and they're trying to get it in front of as many a eyeballs as possible. And so they have many options. They can buy a TV commercial and a 32nd spot's gonna cost however many tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars. Versus we send you to Camel, we show a clip of it and you talk about the movie, we can count that as basically two ad spots. So by their math they just save $200,000.


So if they're gonna send you out there, my God, they'll spend five grand on your hotel room, don't give a shit. And they'll pay for you to get a massage. And it's a big savings for them. So it's the best we ever live. You have just explained something that I have tried to articulate for a long time because it sounds like a little inside basebally of the movie industry, but what you just described is the very strange economy of promoting a movie. Yeah. And they have a set budget. They're like, we're gonna spend 30 million marketing this or 5 million whatever. It's so You doing that one magazine thing is the equivalent of them buying an ad in that same magazine, which would cost way more than your $150 hotel room. But for us the trickle down just ripple effect of it is you feel like this is crazy. It's the only time you feel like a movie star. Exactly. And the movie I made was $3 million, which again, this sounds a little insidery baseball, but it's like very, very little money to make like a real movie that requires tons of sets, et cetera.


Absolutely. Speaking of when you just said it's the only time you feel like a movie star, do you like feeling like a movie star? I just literally came from a hotel where I asked them to put me in a smaller room 'cause it makes me uncomfortable. I dunno if that's the New York thing. I just don't like smaller, too much space. Smaller room. Yeah. My bags are currently at the front desk 'cause they're getting the smaller room ready. I feel a little out of sorts. Yeah. I feel a little weird. I feel like it's also wasteful. Like if there's a room that I'm not gonna be in a lot, I don't want it to exist. You know? Sure. It's also like New York living though. You would never get an extra anything in New York. You'd never get an extra closet in New York. You would put a friend there. You don't like attention would be my guess. Also. Yeah, I mean I guess I like it and hate it. Gangly hillbilly crosses the parking lot to say, Hey, I could tell you Jesse Eisenberg by what you're standing.


But That was the parking lot of Universal Studios where you were filming a major popular show. Yeah, I already got through one round of security, I suppose that's true. Yeah, exactly. Okay, so you were already on that trajectory. You've said a couple times school is miserable. What version? I mean I guess I have hunches. Oh I really Had a very bad Were you shy and nervous? No, no, No, no, no. I was hysterically crying when I was four years old. I got kicked out of preschool 'cause I couldn't leave my mom. I guess I maybe thought of it as separation anxiety or something. Yeah, badness. Yeah. But it was just, I was crazy. I mean I went to a mental institution when I was 13 'cause I went crazy. Oh yeah. And left school for a year. You did? I was like a very troubled kid. I don't know exactly because of Anxiety. Yeah, severe anxiety and all this stuff.


OCD. Yeah. OCD. But it was more just like I couldn't go to school. It just killed me when I was in first grade. I cried every day. Sorry. It's kinda like a funny story but it's also sad. Whatever. If you were me, Those are the best kinds. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It was like sad If you were me. Funny If you werere basically anybody else. But I cried every day of first grade to the point where if I didn't cry on the bus ride Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, on Friday, the bus driver would give everybody Tootsie roll pops. And so I and I cry on the bus So that everyone could get their Tootsie. And then on Friday, literally on Friday you'd hear down my block. Don't cry Jesse. People chanting at the bus. 'cause they would get to zero pups. So I would be holding it in until I got to school. Then I was allowed to cry. Oh. Oh this is heartbreaking. Now here's my hope is that it was so endearing that it got you out of getting bullied for it.


You know what's so weird? I always wanted to be bullied because I thought it would give me a reason. Yeah. For some reason I wasn't. Well That's really kind of life affirming. It is to be honest. Because I do think even shitty kids have some critical mass of suffering. Okay. He's already too fucked up. Oh maybe that's it. They'll Push, push, push and there's a moment where they're actual conscious kicks in. I think That's a really good point. So that's weirdly kind of hopeful that you were crying that much and they were just going, don't cry, don't cry. Not like If you cry you fucking baby. That's really weird. I actually never considered why. Maybe that's what it was. I think so I was in sixth grade this one time. It was right before I left school. This kid I never talked him ever. And he picked up some wood chips and he threw them and it was kind of in my direction, but it wasn't at me at all.


I promise you. 'cause I didn't know this person. I promise you guys as though you're not gonna believe me. I was so desperate for them to hit me so I could have a reason for my misery. Wow. So I can pined on something so I can tell my mom no I'm crying. 'cause this kid and I even knew his name 'cause I was trying to concoct a story in my head where this kid was my torturer and that's why school was hard for me. Yes. But it wasn't. And it wasn't even at me. And that's in some ways like the saddest thing of all. I couldn't have a place for it. Yeah. Wow. What parent do you think it was harder on? I mean, it's hardest on you. Let me say that first. As a parent, that would be absolutely heartbreaking for me to know. My kid gets on the bus and cries the whole way to school every day. Yeah. But I weirdly guess that dad would be in a very big panic that this world's gonna be too hard for a boy and that he somehow has got to toughen you up.


And how does he do it? That's exactly what happened. But I didn't think of it that way. He'd probably so overcome with fear. Oh this poor boy is gonna get destroyed. That's Exactly what happened. So he would like push me back to school and then when I got outta the institution, it was basically like if I don't go to school, then I go back to this place. Which was terrible. He was doing tough love Out of his fear. I'm sure that you were gonna suffer your whole life. And also the fact that he was probably right, which is that if I just did it and committed to it and didn't have the option to not do it, I would probably learn to be okay. What was the institution like? It was genuinely terrifying. Do You mean any sexy ally sheety types that were like misunderstood? I have a fantasy about falling in love at one of these places. Oh yeah. Does that make any sense?


I don't recall thinking this is a great opportunity for me. You can see the movie in your head, right? The teenagers that go to the derelict center and then she's really hot and misunderstood and she just needs to talk about her dad to you and everything will be fine. Very Vulnerable. I'm sensing we were different 13-year-old boys. I didn't go in there thinking like I can clean up, you know every cloud. I would be thinking cohabitation with other teenagers what might happen. Okay. That's probably why you didn't have to go There. Yeah, exactly. Because you were doing that in school and everybody thought you were awesome. No, I remember asking this one kid for his shoe laces so I can kill myself. And then I was brought into a soft room with a deflated volleyball. Oh, Oh my God. No. And I remember he was the coolest kid.


I dunno what that means. At the time he was the Jack Nicholson character. Exactly that. And I remember asking him for the shoeless thinking like, oh he's gonna think I'm cool. I dunno what the equivalent is like going up to the biggest guy on the jail yard and punching him in the face. You know I was doing I guess the equivalent, but it was also also punished for it. Stay tuned for more armchair expert If you dare.


We are supported by Klaviyo. Klaviyo helps brands build smarter digital relationships with their customers. And here at Armchair Expert we know a little something about how challenging that can be. Here's how Klaviyo does it. Their unified data and marketing automation platform turns customer data into personalized connections to make every moment count across AI powered email SMS analytics and more. Klaviyo powers smarter digital relationships for more than 151,000 successful brands, including Hedley And Ben Fish Wife and Dagney Dover. Build smarter digital relationships with your customers. Visit KL aav IY o.com to make every moment count.


We are supported by the thrilling Apple TV plus legal drama. Presumed innocent from the masters of brilliant character driven storytelling. David E. Kelly and JJ Abrams. Have you seen this series yet? It's about a horrific murder investigation that upends the Chicago prosecuting attorney's office when one of its own Chief deputy prosecutor, rusty Savage, played by Jake Gyllenhaal, ding, ding, ding. Friend of the pod is suspected of the crime. There are so many twists and turns that will keep you on the edge of your seat right until the very end. Which is probably why Variety Rave that it was one of the best legal thrillers in years. If I were you, I'd stream it on Apple TV plus the second this podcast finishes.


We are supported by 23 and Me plus Total Health. As the year winds down, we often spend time reflecting on what's important. Well, taking proactive steps to take care of your own health is one of the most loving things we can do for the people who love us. And with 23 and Me, you can do just that With 23 and Me Plus Total Health, you'll receive advanced genetic screening, giving you a lifetime of insight into your potential future disease risks. It can help lead to early detection and even prevention. It's a longevity platform that helps you be proactive about your health. With cutting edge genetic testing and biomarker analysis, you can create a health plan that is tailored just for you. As you know, I've been, we're both in this study. Yes. And I've been going back to 23 and me and ordering different results, which is so cool. It's all sitting there for me to do. Oh, that's so cool. 'cause we've done it before. Yes. And we really loved what we learned. Also do it as a family or like as a friendship. It's really fun to read, to see you get your results and you can read them together. It's fun. It Is. Advocate for your health today. Go to 23 and me.com/dax for your limited time offer. That's 23 and me.com/dax.


Looking for your next streaming obsession. Paramount Plus is a mountain of all new original dramas, including the series. Everyone is talking about. Landman starring Billy Bob Thornton, John Ham, and Deme Moore plus lioness with Zoe SNA and Nicole Kidman and Tulsa King starring Sylvester Stallone. From Showtime comes the agency, a spy thriller starring Michael Fastbender and Richard GE get the Paramount Plus with Showtime plan to start streaming today.


Oh, okay. So we're laughing about it, but were you terrified? Were you thinking at that point there's something fundamentally broken with me and I'm not gonna be able to function on this planet? Were you scared? That's how it felt. But I mean I still have that same weird dread underlying, but I'm on like antidepressants now, so it helps a lot. But yeah, just that weird dread of the bottom is gonna constantly drop out. It's weird. I'm doing this press tour and I just keep waiting for the bad thing to happen. We got good reviews. I was like, okay, that's good. And then the movie did well on the opening weekend. It made more money than they thought. I was like, that's good. So now something really terrible is gonna happen to me. So I thought it was gonna be the movie, but now it's like, no, I'm gonna get hit by the car. It's not even get hit by the car. It's more like existential like people are gonna realize I'm a terrible Yeah. Something. I live with this dread.


I assume it helps me in some way. Well I've heard you talk about harnessing it in a positive direction. I think that's virtually the only option you have on the table is you gotta learn to work with your character defects and exploit 'em for the good side and try to mitigate the downside. Yes, I guess so. You have no choice. I wrestle with This too. I write from a place of you're a lazy piece of shit. You're a failure If you don't accomplish this. Everything is negatively motivated. And so I relate to it. When I hear you speak about it, I'm like, oh yeah, yeah. I do a very similar thing. And then feeling guilt that I have to be motivated that way by self-loathing and all this. And then hopefully some compassion and forgiveness and acceptance. You're that way and okay, here we go. Yeah. And I do so enjoy my work.


I feel like I just won the lottery that I get to be able to do something I genuinely like. So that's really helpful. And also my work is emotionally cathartic because it's an emotional job. And so that's really helpful too. All the stuff around it is really kind of unnerving in terms of the negative motivation thing. We're in the arts and no one's really asking us. Now you have an incredibly popular show, but probably at the beginning no one was begging you to do this. No one was begging you to be on parenting. You know, all the stuff we're doing has to be self-motivating. 'cause no one cares. Like, oh, can you write a script today? No, no. Who gives a shit? Right, right. And so like I wonder if we in some ways are looking for some kind of motivation because there is no external demand to do the thing. It's not like you have to punch in like you guys created this from nothing and it's turned into this thing.


Now forcing yourself to think in these weird ways to motivate yourself. It's hard. It is because I sit down, I write a script a year, my background's playwriting, but I don't really need to do that 'cause I make money from acting. But I feel like I'm going to be a failure if I don't do it. And so I live with this dread of failure. And when I step back sometimes I think, oh, maybe that's just the thing I create in my head to force myself to do the thing I like. Yeah. Is that possible? No, I think it's possible. I also think it's fascinating that you can have, or in my case, it's like this split confidence. There's no self-esteem at all in imposter syndrome and all this stuff. And then also this, you're a failure, which has innately in it some idea that I'm supposed to be special and super prolific and good.


Yes, yes, yes. That's fascinating. So this dichotomy of I'm unworthy and I'm a fraud. And also you're supposed to be doing great things. They're kind of incompatible. That's very true. And I'm not acting, my days look like this. I wake up in the morning, I'm depressed, but I'm so happy I get to take my kids to school and I love my wife. I mean that's not like an active thing, that's just something that's underlying the relationship. I'm sure some days you have to think it. Yes. Some days there's an active loving my wife and some days there's just a passive, I love you honey and keep that in your mind. And then I just go into a real funk until the library opens at 10 30, which is where I go right up until 10 30. A miserable, stupid failure. I can't believe I have the posture that Dak Shepherd could recognize from 30 feet away. No other person would ever be in a movie studio with my posture.


And then the library opens and then I go and I start writing and I'm sitting there laughing at my own jokes, like the most arrogant guy in the world. And then I'm crying 'cause I just wrote a monologue and I'm crying about the monologue and everything. And then I finish the thing and I go back home and I'm just such a loser. I'm such a loser. My wife's gonna leave me. I'm such a loser. Oh my God. My kid thinks I'm a bad role model and it's so weird. But while I'm doing the thing, in some ways I guess I think I'm amazing. I guess so. Yeah. Right. Because I'm sitting there writing it. Well you've been validated there too. Yeah. But my wife validates me as a person too. And my kid loves me. Work Can be validated externally, but you cannot be validated Externally. Oh wow. That's a good distinction. You as a person and your character, that's gotta come from you. So it doesn't matter what your wife says. That's the juxtaposition. I know this thing that I'm outputting, which is not exactly me is gonna be okay.


Yeah. I picked this up in AA and it's been kind of helpful in me governing how bad the self-loathing can be because in there it says that self-pity is this other side of the coin is self-aggrandizement. You've still elevated yourself to some level where the universe cares is against you or you have bad luck coming your way. Right? Like today, you know, something bad's coming. You're not that important to warrant this bad luck or the right sizing of the justice, The piece of shit at the center of the universe. Yeah. It's another great AA thing. We say a lot or I'm not much, but I'm all I think about. That's really funny. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And sometimes I'll be in that kind of self pity or it's self pity adjacent. Right, right, right. And I'll go, this is so indulgent.


This is as indulgent of being a megalomaniac, which I would not tolerate from myself. So if I can turn that same I onto the self-loathing part and go like it's still you feeling way too important. That Is brilliant. So you're saying you'd be so ashamed to be the arrogant person that you should also be ashamed to be this person who's like self-loathing as though you've committed some great, you Should. You can imagine someone going get over yourself. You're not fucking so important and you're not suffering any more than anyone else. But Then don't you feel like, oh my God, now I feel bad 'cause I was a narcissist. I'm the worst narcissist in the world. Yes. You think I'm the worst single narcissist. Yes. But I think it starts dissipating every one of these steps you take, so then it becomes a little manageable that your ego got away from you. I don't know, for me, Why does this crossover to aa?


Because drinking is trying to solve those problems. We have this weird dichotomy of being so important and then also zero self-esteem. And it's a thing that's very relatable to most people there. It Seems to be very universal in aa. My hunch is it's probably universal to humans. But we have for whatever reason determined that was one of the main driving forces of the self obliteration. Yes. That's really interesting. Have you ever struggled with Any addiction stuff? No, I can't. I've tried. You've given it a go. Like the cigarettes. The cigarettes. I've tried to really commit myself to being a stoner. This is going to probably sum up my entire personality, the following sentence. I've even experimented with coffee sometimes. I'm like, I'm gonna be a coffee drinker. And so I'll drink it four days in a row and then I'll just start to feel queasy and fall asleep.


And so maybe like my body is kind of like a lightweight, I can barely drink. Okay. I don't know why. Or I'm just really wired at a certain level that all that stuff is just not necessary. It is quite obvious to me talking to you how Woody Allen would've been such an appealing figure when you were young. Yeah. Because here's a guy that seems to have the outward same grab bag of anxiety and is processing it through art and it's hysterical. Right. And so this is a time for a really great and weird story, which is you wrote something for Woody Allen. Yeah, When I was 16 I got exposed to his movies, which maybe is a little late if you're gonna be somebody like me. I could've used him a long Time ago.


Earlier. Yeah, they could've. Yeah. Shown it at the communal TV room at the institution would've been a great help. I would've gotten all the shoe laces, but basically I was writing a lot at the time. So the first screenplay I wrote was about Woody Allen changing his name to Woody at 16 years old, which he actually did. But I said it in modern day and in my life and situation and people liked it and it got sent around to various people and ultimately wound up at his lawyer who sent me a cease and desist letter. A what? That's so flattering. Well, At the time it really was. My dad came into the room, I was living at home, I was 16. He goes, I have good news and bad news. I was like, what is it? What's going on? He's like, we heard back from Woody Allens. And I was like, there can't be any bad news after that. And he was like, it's a season desist letter from his lawyer.


His lawyer incidentally, who was his producer. I got to know. Of course the guy never knew. I'm sure it was somebody sending this letter 10 times a day to various people. Yeah. And it's so funny that you picked up on that and what you described was exactly like that for me. It's like somebody who's outwardly nervous and paranoid about all sorts of things, but who makes life work for him? Did you hit him with that story on a first meeting or did you wait till you were filming for a while before you told him He's just not interested in like people That Kind of, yeah, that kind of thing. Like, hey, you get this, wow, a coincidence about me. He's somebody who's been so fetishized by culture. So I think he's just so uninterested in people telling him, Hey, I got a brother who looks like you. I never told him ever. I knew he wouldn't care or think about it. And then we were on a panel for a press for a movie and somebody like it was a French journalist, said, did Jesse ever tell you, you know, he did this thing.


I looked over at him going, this is just gonna be a waste of a timeframe. He's not gonna care. And he goes, oh, interesting. No, I never knew that and we never talked about it again. He is exactly as you. Right. Predicted so you're right. Exactly. He just has no interest. Maybe in me. I mean, one time he asked me, 'cause he had met my parents at a play that he saw of mine. Then we worked together again and the only personal question he ever asked me was he still had the same parents. Oh wow. It was like a joke, but also indicating that there's nothing we're gonna be talking about. Do you chalk up the anxiety to just baseline biochemical or do you think any of it is nurture? Oh Yeah. I had some weird things in my life occur. Probably a lot of it was circumstantial, but I do really have great parents. But yeah, I had some really weird stuff when I was a kid and I'm maybe wired this way, but it's weird 'cause my parents are like actually comfortable, happy, normal, chill People feel great in their own skin.


Yeah. So there's deep depression and paranoia in the family, but not for my parents. So yeah, I think there was a series of weird things that happened when I was younger that probably accounted for all of my great personality problems. Okay. Well they guide you here again, I don't see them as problems. Yeah, exactly. I find you very interesting to watch endlessly. So keep processing in public. Yeah. All of yourself. I agree. I think people are gonna really enjoy that. Yeah. Okay. So back to now this radical flip flopping. It's no wonder you're waiting for the shoot always drop. So you're in a mental institution and then click of a fingers and you're on a TV show in high school. Yeah. So after that period, I started auditioning more for things. I went back to school. I was slowly integrating back into regular life while still auditioning and basically desperate to get a part 'cause it meant I got to leave.


And then I auditioned for TV show. I was mostly auditioning for like off-Broadway shows, which is what I was doing. And then there was an audition for this show, get Real On Fox. And it got the part. It was just crazy. I mean it sounds almost maybe arrogant to say. I didn't know I was funny because I was doing off Broadway dramas like Tennessee Williams. I didn't know I was like a funny person. Right. Yeah. And then the TV show was funny and my character was funny and he was, the character was narrating the show. So it was like a kind of comic voice. And I was auditioning and the people were laughing at the audition. These are like professional people they had big shows on. And I remember thinking like, oh I could be funny. I was partly doing an impression of a kid I met who was really funny and rye and stuff. And so then it was like, oh I have kind of a voice. And the show was basically asking me to do my voice. It wasn't asking me like in a Tennessee Williams play, you're like, I'm doing a southern accent, but I'm a Jewish kid from New Jersey.


Right, right. I'm fixing to go to the synagogue. Yes. And swim at the water hole Later on with That. I would do mikvah a little later in the creek. Yes, exactly. Well very good. Thank you. Oh that's a great character. Southern religious Jew. Yeah. Tommy Shlomi the best dramatic director in television history. Yes. He's a Texas Jew. Oh, is he really? With the name Shlomi? Yeah. It's not helpful. Does he have like an accent? No, but he's so special. He was The West Wing guy, Right? He did West Wing. Yeah. Yeah. I've always seen that name and wondered why not change it. Yeah, He did the Pilot of Parenthood and I said, just hearing that name, it's one that would make you bra you and I see it's made you Yes. Like he's so confident And cool. That's true. That's true. You live or die. Yeah. So anyway, so I was on the show for a year and it kind of went under the radar and got canceled.


Anne Hathaway, did she already done a bunch of stuff? No, I think it was both of our first jobs. Oh really? Oh She was on it as well. Yeah, we played siblings. Oh wow. And she was like, I think a year older than me. Would you be in scenes with your sister thinking you've got to table your attraction to this person 'cause you're playing. I guess maybe my brain was just like, you never talked to that person. Okay. Not on your radar. Yeah, maybe I really was not. I Bet that's charming to Gs. I bet over the years you've had something that would appear to be confidence. 'cause you've already just written it off is not an option. Yes. Like an aloofness. Yeah. That's So funny. That might seem really attractive. I mean, my wife was my first date and she's so cool and beautiful and amazing and she was older than me so I just went up to her like almost as a joke. I was like, would you ever go out with me? And I'd never said that to a person ever.


Oh wow. Would You go out with me? Would you ever Go out with me? It was a joke. Is She Australian? No, but she could be. She's so pretty. She's as pretty as an Australian as that. Oh. Oh My God. She could be. She's so pretty. It's what you swear she was from Australia. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Go look at it. Yeah, go one. Look. My wife and I actually dated for like 10 years and we broke up and I did date an Australian. That's When Im thinking That was my other girlfriend. Yes. Okay. A blonde, a Australian. Yes. That's its own interesting, really story I want to earmark. Yeah. But yeah, five year break that ends in marriage is incredible and unconventional. I love That. Oh yeah, that's true. She was my first date. My wife wouldn't date me when I was 17. She waited until I was of age. There were like three year period where I couldn't go to a bar and she could go to a bar you because I was 18, 19, 20.


But I think I had the confidence to ask her out 'cause it seemed so absurd. And she Was like, yes, I will Go out with you. No, she said absolutely not. No. But then she was an assistant to a producer for a few years before she started teaching and the producer wanted to read my screenplays. I was writing screenplays a lot. And so Anna, my wife was the intermediary. So she would have to read these things. And so she thought I was funny and I reminded her of her father who was like funny Jewish. Oh this is like Sorento. She kinda like fell in love with your words. Is that the name of the play? Sorento. Oh, Erno. Oh, Erno. Yes. Yes. If you gave it the Parmesan cheese version of Cyrano. Well I'm always straddling the line between Philistine and know what I'm talking about. Right, right. Exactly. But like bullseye It. The references are very clear.


But If you add a T Or an S, depending. That's Right. So then we dated for 10 years. It was great. And now we're married. Yeah, It's a good story. Great story. You were gonna go to NYU, but instead you did a movie and then you ended up at the new school and you dabbled in anthro. I've graduated in anthropology. I have an anthro degree. Wow. Can I ask why? That's exactly why I was gonna ask you. I did. 'cause it was my wife's degree prior to me. What about you? Through My own childhood, I, I just always felt outcast. I didn't feel like I agreed with the vibe that was existing around me. I thought there had to be other ways. And an was like, oh, not only is there other ways, there's like very exotic interesting other ways. Oh, you mean to just live?


Yeah. Culturally realizing how flexible culture is and how many versions are out there to try begs the question, are we even close to what version we'll be ultimately living in? Because Anthropology teaches you that cultures are not superior, inferior to each other. Yeah. Cultural relativism. We just gotta learn why it functions the way it does. Not whether that's good or bad. I find that very liberating. Me too. Especially 'cause you're trying to constantly be a good version of this society. But that in some ways it's a little randomized. Yeah. And I'm feeling like it's unacceptable how I'd like to be doing this. Oh, there isn't a right or wrong. That's comforting. Yes. That's a really good point. My wife specifically, she grew up living in different places in Central America and Europe and she just lives life totally different than anybody.


I know she's an activist and she's politically minded, but she's just uninterested in like we just had a presidential election. She's uninterested in all of the numbers of the presidential election. She just kind of feels like there helping people in need. She just doesn't have this sense of the rat race of modern life. Is she less inclined to levy a verdict? She's un cynical. She's never criticized people. She's never, I mean in 20 years with her, she's never looked over at me and rolled her eyes at something. Somebody said, and I'll ask her like, wasn't that so stupid what that person said? She's like, no. I mean they're going through a hard time. It probably makes sense within their little sphere of culture. Exactly. And this is the way they exist. It's okay. They have trouble making friends. Just let them say that stuff to you. It's okay. Right. Yeah. A lot of compassion. Exactly.


She's never once uttered the phrase. That was weird. And partly that's I guess why I was also able to ask her out. She seemed very unjudgmental. Right. She wouldn't think like, wow. No, you're ugly. She just take it at face value. And then Cultural pluralism is also one of your focuses? Yes. That's because I graduated with a weird degree. The new school has these kind of eccentric degrees. So it was democracy and cultural pluralism, which was basically an anthropology degree. Yeah, interesting. And then you're doing a bunch of acting while you're at the new schools? Yeah, I would leave every other semester. And is that where Lipson was? The new school. Oh wow. Yes. James Lipton. James Lipton. That's you. It was Soreto side of, yeah. Yeah, that Was, I was never in acting classes there. But yeah, he ran Studio inside the actor studio. Inside the studio. Yeah, that's what it was. But that was a new school presentation.


Exactly. It was. Did you ever go to any of those weird lectures and ask questions? I didn't. I knew them really more from the Will Ferrell parody of them. Do you remember those? Yes. I guess you're young enough that it already been parody. Like it was hard to take that kind of thing seriously. And I was working with actors who are occasionally so pretentious that I was so turned off to that thing. Yeah. What's the word that you, you know, just this kind of self-important sanctimonious version of actors. I Hated it too, but if I do some soul searching, I think it's probably 'cause I thought maybe they were better than me, that I haven't studied enough. Oh yeah, no, I could understand feeling that way. You Have the opposite. You've been working for so long and you were on Broadway. You're like, I've really done it. But no, I could see it having also the effect of, oh wow, this is the real deal.


This is the way you're supposed to talk about things. To me it just seems like self-important pretense as though your job is like more important than any other job in the world. Okay, so you come onto my radar in the Squid, in the Wow. Oh, what movie? Which such an incredible movie is that Noah Baba's first directing. I think he had directed other movies that hadn't gotten the same amount of attention. I Saw that movie and I absolutely loved it. I loved Jeff Daniels like crazy. Oh yeah, that's great. I think he's one the most unsung him a newsroom. Yeah. So I saw that and I thought you were incredible. And I thought that movie was absolutely incredible. Is that Mark kind of, I already know the answer I think, which is you don't ever feel safe. But did it feel like, okay, the right people are noticing this?


I have my foot in the door firmly. I don't know how to describe it other than to say so briefly. It's like the kind of thing I've been in things that are popular and been in things that are unpopular and there's always a little period after the popular things come out where you do have, yes, I would just call it exactly what you said, a feeling of security. Oh, I know. If I wanted a job in the next six months, I could definitely get one. Yes, yes. I dunno that it would be great or that I would love it, but I'd been involved in so many of these things where it's something is really liked briefly and then you go back to the same thing six months later. It's always the case. Yeah, it's the cycle. Well you have four years between Squid, the Whale, and then Zombie Land, which unless I'm mistaken, zombie land's then the next big kind of thing. Yeah, it was like a big movie. So in those four years, where are we at mentally Also, is there anyone you've isolated as I'm emulating that career or I would like that career?


Were you thinking of what kind of actor you were aspiring to be? No. I mean, if anything, like I grew up really liking Ben Stiller and Adam Sandler movies. Probably like every other kid on my block and every block in the world. Yeah, yeah. I guess I saw in Ben Stiller maybe before I noticed Woody Allen, maybe a Kindred thing. Like, oh, I could be in movies as a good role in movies and not have to change too much about myself. But no, I never thought like, I'm gonna do that because as actors, you know, you'd have no control over anything. And also, weirdly, I was really just getting cast in dramas. Zombieland was a comedy, but all the auditions were very dramatic auditions. I was really not getting cast in those comedy things. Anyway, even this movie I did right before Zombieland Adventureland was a comedy. Yeah. But the director wanted to make his bittersweet coming of age story.


He didn't wanna make a broad comedy Mattola. Right. Greg Mottola. Yeah. And that was a follow up to super bad. Well that's the thing, it really wasn't. It was like Greg's life story in the eighties and this bittersweet thing. But because they build it as exactly what you just said, people were disappointed in it. 'cause they thought it would be really funny, like super bad. It's interesting that you asked this, and I haven't thought about this in like 20 years, but what you just described was I actually thought one thing might happen to me and that's not the thing that happened. I thought I could be in a Long King Poly or something like that and I was just not cast in those roles. Zombie land to me was so fucking incredible. I don't like zombie movies. I was like, who's Reuben Fleischer? This guy can fucking direct. There was a Metallica song in the movie, which there almost never is. Yeah, You're right. When You were shooting Zombieland, did you have any sense while it was happening, like, oh yeah, this is pretty mega.


This is gonna be fucking awesome. That's the movie I started smoking on that I was told by the prop woman. It was a really nice person told that she couldn't believe that I had transgressed so badly in her eyes. But probably what was happening in the back of my mind, I thought this thing is good and that I'm ruining it. And I would have panic attacks all the time. In fact, anytime I had to do a scene, that was one of my audition scenes, I just froze up and I would start saying other lines. And then they told me, we just got Bill Murray to sign on for a day in the movie. Yeah. And I walked away and had another panic attack. So I was like, now people are gonna see it. And I'm so bad. And I know that Reuben wanted Michael C to be in the movie. Reuben is a good friend of mine. So I could say this comfortably has no filter and didn't realize that him telling me that he wanted Michael cer to be in it would make me feel uncomfortable.


Yeah, sure. And also didn't realize that sending me videos of Michael er while we were no shooting at night. So I'd be on my computer. Oh my God. And an email with the subject line, Michael Cera funny video would be sent to all the cast. And this is Cool. He was kind of obsessed with Michael C. Sounds like He was obsessed with Michael Serra, I'm sure who turned down the movie. I'm sure. That's why I got to audition for it in the first place. And so every day I was just thinking of, oh of course he wanted Michael Serra and I could read the part with Michael's voice in the part. Sure, sure. Way more than I could read it with my own voice. So I just felt like I was every day letting down the movie and this was just like a failure 'cause of me. And then I just started having these weird fantasy, of course I'm gonna go home to visit my wife on a weekend and Michael's gonna be there in bed with her. Like, hey, too late buddy.


And I've since met him. It's funny that he's like the nicest person. It is impossible to dislike, But just at the time I was getting recognized on the street as him all the time. Yeah. To the point where when I said to the people, no, I'm a different person, they was like, eh, fuck you, you're him. It was a weird thing. I think it's more common to have that than not. 'cause mine was Zach b breath, the whole early ride. Thank you for saying that. It is more common than not. Yeah. Every time I talk to an actor it's always, oh yeah, mine is this person. And I was this for Michael too, And it takes a while to get comfortable with it now. And I've talked to Zach about it as well. It's like I'm happy to pose in a picture and you think it's Zach and that's great. I don't need to correct anyone. You were great in Garden State. Thank you. I've signed a hot rod. This is an Andy Sandberg headshot. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.


But that's the part that you don't think in the moment that it's happening to him. Everyone thinks I'm Michael Sarah and everyone thinks he's Jesse Eisenberg. Exactly. You don't get that piece. And he had, I think told a story publicly about getting recognized at me at a bar or something. And I remember thinking like that was A Fluke. Exactly. Whereas for me, I mean literally I got cornered in an ATM by somebody aggressive saying like, yes you are. Yes you are. And I was like, okay, fine, fine. I fine. I am, I am. And it's just like the weirdest existential crisis to be stuck in this vestibule going, I am the other person. I am the other person. Let's take a picture. One time my sister's friend said, do you look like the guy in that movie? I mean, you're obviously like a better looking version of him, but like you look like him. And I remember thinking, oh that's so interesting. So the objective opinion is that I'm ugly.


To the point where she apologized for making that comparison. Oh wow. Jesse. That happened to me while I was presenting on such a stage with this singer. We're midway through one of these award shows like this season's blah, blah blah. And she just looks at me and she goes, you're so much better looking in real life. And I was really delighted. And also like, but hold on now she thinks I'm rough Like that. That's the objective truth. Yeah. As opposed to what she thought before, which is why is this guy in movies, which I would've related to her on. Right. Of course. Of course. We could have talked all day about that. Yeah. I was surprised that my sister's friend even complimented me in the moment. Okay, now The Social Network comes along. I guess I just wanna know a little bit about how you came to be in that movie and what's it like?


Do you go meet Fincher first? Do you audition? Was it written with you in mind? How's all that work? I remember I was sent like three scripts that same day and two things were bad, but I auditioned for those two. You know, it's like the nature of being an actor, you just get the parts you get. And I remember that script was, oh my God, this is such a great thing to read. And then I just made the tape on my couch in New York and then they gave me the part. And you got the part on the self submission? Yeah. It was like a whole thing. It felt like it was like being sent to the CIA. 'cause my agent called and they were like, they liked your tape and they're gonna watch it again. I was like, okay. Okay. That mean thanks for the update. Yeah, exactly. They called me out to California and then I met with him for an hour. And David Finra speaks in a very interesting way. I was there just waiting for him to say, you got in the movie or you didn't get in the movie.


But it was instead he was like just telling stories about old Hollywood and I didn't know what they meant for me. 'cause you're sitting there, you're like 27-year-old actor like, did I get the job? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then they called me later and said, yeah, yeah, you got the part. So it was a weird thing, you know, it's so strange. Like I've auditioned for things that I haven't gotten into and you audition for them like 10 times and then they meet you, you read with this person and then read with that person and then they'll straighten my hair and make me read again. This happens to me a few times. Straighten my hair so I can see what I look like as a Gentile. Oh my God. And then you don't get those parts and then a thing like this comes along and it was just, I made a tape at home with my little sister and they cast me. Wow. Wow. Did the repeated takes, oh let me ask you this. Are you prone to insecurity on set? It sounds like you were having a lot of insecurity on zombie land. Yeah. No, this I didn't. I felt like I was just in the shoes of this person.


The anxiety and zombie land was really, I'm an interloper here. They tried to cast somebody else who's definitely funnier than me. I still think definitely funnier than me and he didn't wanna do it. And everybody's disappointed that I show up every day. The Social Network. It just felt like I was prepared for it in a different way. The character was so interesting and socially aloof and cryptic and angry and this is my comfort zone. And has having this Sorkin dialogue put you immediately halfway there? Yeah. It's so helpful because you know the scene's gonna be good either way. You didn't feel like you had to do some heavy lifting, so it felt like, oh, I could just play in my character. Yeah. So often it's not on the page the thing that we all know. Everyone's trying to get that day.


Exactly. It requires the actors to do some work that they shouldn't be doing. For example, like making certain emotional transitions seem logical when actually they're not in the script. I mean if you're working with great scripts like that, a great director, my experience was, oh, it's easy to be good in this. You get a bunch of takes a script is amazing. You can't fail a no-brainer. Yeah. Kinda like that. And you famously had no experience on Facebook. You joined for 30 seconds or something. Exactly. This is the story. Exactly. Yeah. I joined for 30 seconds to see what it was about. I joined for like 12 days once and I looked at everyone I went to Junior high with. Right. And when that was over I was like, I don't know why I'm on here anymore. The thing you just described as the exact reason, I'd be curious, I'm so curious to see what people look like. Just like what do people grow into? It's so fascinating to think about. Yeah, well my conclusion was everyone I looked at, I'm like, oh they're old.


Oh they got families. You can only do that so long before you go then clearly I am too because Right, right, right, right. We're all the same age. Whatever I am looking at them with, I have to acknowledge it's happening for me too. I Love that movie. I rewatched it recently. It's still so great Wholesale. You did just re-watch it, didn't You? I did, yeah. I was obsessed with it. I would just watch it over and over again for a while. It was one of your movies. I have a handful of movies that I end up just watching every night. Sort of Cont Contagion During the Pandemic Contagion. I still haven't seen that. Is it great? It's so good. I'm still curious. I'm curious. It's Such a good movie. Okay. Yeah. Devil Wears Prada Social Network. Seven. We love seven. Seven. Seven. Really's got two on the list from Monica. That's Interesting. Yeah. Goodwill Hunting is my number one. That was the original. Is it the kind of thing you could say every line too?


I wouldn't wanna be put to the test right now 'cause it's been a minute, but at one point I could recite the whole movie. She would sit in class and watch the movie In my head. I would watch it and then rewind it and watch again Head. Were you Class M, mit? I wish. No, because I was too busy watching movies in my head. Yeah. But social network is so good. You're so good in knit. Everyone's so good knit. Well thank you. You already had your taste of it all with Zombie Lamb, but that's an enormous moment. You get nominated for a bath on a Golden Globe and an Academy Award. That prick Colin Firth had done King's speech. So no one had a chance now. Yeah. What was that whirlwind like? Hard, fun, Weird and exhausting. And when I would complain to my dad, my dad would just always say the same thing. It was like, If you have one of these in your life, if you're like in the arts, you'd be so happy.


Why are you complaining? And Obama was president at the time and I was like, I have to go to a weird dinner. My dad was like, do you know the president of the United States probably has 17 things a day that he has to do that are not the thing he likes doing. You should be just so grateful that somebody's giving you free dinner and everything. And I remember I was thinking, oh, I shouldn't go to the Academy Awards 'cause awards are stupid. My dad called me and he was like, are you an idiot? This industry has given you so much. Of course. Go to these things. Yeah. These award shows are basically ways for the industry to celebrate itself and to promote itself. So just go there and be grateful. Now I'm a little more grateful about things rather than trying to resist. Well Just, you know, you're gonna feel uncomfortable in all these places you go. Yeah. But also I think in a bubble, they're strange. Why they pit artists against each other.


This kind of teenage poetry thought. You grow outta that stuff. And isn't it all a lie too? Which part? The story about why you're not drawn to it. If I were you, I'd be like, I don't belong there. Those people belong there. That's the real feeling in my heart that I might not wanna look at. Yes. So I build on top of it a very defendable reason why artistic, Which is that awards are bullshit. Yeah. Ping artists and all this stuff. The brain quickly fills in a plausible excuse that doesn't require you to own your fear or your vulnerability. Yeah, Yeah. That's so intuitive. I even call my mom sometimes or my wife who it's the difference. I, one of those two people tells me last time you had a good time and you've met a friend of yours there and you were funny. Yeah, That's true. And you actually leave going like, no, I actually belong in this group of people, which I Keep, you know, they don't belong.


Actually, I should be there alone. I Dunno why they invited DiCaprio. Yeah, he's a great actor, but he's not as fun as me At a party. Honestly. That's fun. Yeah. There's a charm missing. It's that X factor. So how was hosting SNL in the wake of that? That was so funny. It was like the exact same thing you're describing. I had turned it down 10 times. 'cause I did not wanna be somebody who had hosted Saturday Night Live because I just felt so embarrassed. I was like, I'm gonna be a person who did it and who would never be asked back. So I was just like, I don't wanna have done it. Feel so embarrassing. And then I did the exact same thing that you just said. So instead I justified it by like, no, no, no. 'cause I want people to know me as an actor, not as caricature stuff. So I don't wanna do it. So that's why I justified it. And then I was really pressured to do it. And I was a fan of the show, obviously. I mean everybody is. And It's an insanely unique experience to have on planet Earth for a week.


Yes. Yeah. In fact, I don't even really remember lots of it. When you're doing the show, you're being dragged around by the sweet woman Donna, who's changing your costume. You literally have no autonomy. You're being just taken around to various things and the hours are weird. Yeah. You're kind of in a fever dream the whole week and then it ends. Right. And you try to process it afterwards. That's exactly it. Yeah. Stay tuned for more Armchair Expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Netflix. Have you ever found the House of Your Dreams only to learn? It has dark secrets. Netflix's new series, no Good Deed follows Three families Vying to buy a 1920 Spanish style villa that they think will solve their problems. But as the sellers discover, sometimes the home of your dreams can be a total nightmare. I love this show. I gotta give a personal stamp of approval. It's so good. Also, a 1920 Spanish style villa. It's a gorgeous house. You wanna live in it. No good deeds. Starring Lisa Kudrow and Ray Romano is now playing only on Netflix.


We are supported by Anytime Fitness. If you been considering starting a fitness journey or if you're actively pursuing fitness goals, anytime Fitness has everything you need, not just for bigger muscles, but for a bigger, better life. The right equipment, easy anytime. Access to more than 5,000 global locations and expert coaching to help optimize your personalized training, nutrition, and recovery plan. Both in person and in app. I got an Anytime Fitness membership for my brother one year for Christmas. Oh, you did? I did. And oh, that's a great gift. It Was a very big hit. Mm. Anytime Fitness is convenient with flexible, always open hours at thousands of locations worldwide. And an app that you can use anytime, anywhere. They have all the equipment you need to reach your goals. And Anytime Fitness is focused on creating an inclusive community vibe with welcoming members who push and inspire each other to reach their goals and have fun along the way. So what are you waiting for? Get started@anytimefitness.com.


We are supported by Audible Audible's. Best of 2024 picks are here. Mm. Audible's curated list in every category is the best way to hear 2020 four's best in audio entertainment. Like a stunning new full cast production of George Orwell's 1984. This is the one I am most excited to indulge myself with. I'm So excited to listen to James, which is a new title by Percival effort that is very, very hot right now. Mm. Well there's so many good ones on the list. We love Audible. This is how you go to bed. I love Audible. I swear by Audible. I can't wait to listen to the Orwell 1984 off this list. I'm also doing fleas by autobiography right now, which I'm obsessed with. I can't get enough Audible in my life every night. Go to Audible dot com slash dax and discover all the years best waiting for you. That's Audible dot com slash dax.


Oh, I did wanna mention one thing because it seems relevant for A Real Pain, which is Emma Stone, of course was in Zombie Land. Is that the first time you meet her? Yeah. You guys become pals obviously 'cause she's a producer on both the movies you directed. Yeah, exactly. I think she is so talented. I think she's so sparkly and I thought poor things. She was off the charts great in, I find her to be a real unicorn. I'm very intrigued by Her. Oh, she's a a total unicorn. I mean she's funnier than almost anybody I've ever met. And great dramatic actress. And I will say knowing her now as a producer, she's so savvy with in the film industry, we're like on marketing calls with the studio and there's people who've been doing that job for 20 years and they're all amazing.


But she just holds court and we're all just sitting there taking notes and she's somebody who's never marketed a movie. She's just so savvy at every aspect from giving me a note on my script to then marketing to production, everything. It's hard to describe what the thing is 'cause I haven't seen it in somebody else. It's hard to articulate it, but she just seems always right is what it feels like. Everything she says to me is always, oh yeah, that seems better than what I was thinking. You're right. There's a hyper intelligence too. I should have listed that in the mix. Yeah. But so often you go on a movie and you really bond with somebody but then there's no legs to it afterwards. You both go with a different sides of the planet and do another movie for three months. How did you guys end up maintaining that friendship? It just broke through that. I think everybody who meets her has that same feeling and I think everybody who meets her feels like they have that bond.


Yeah. And I was very, very aware of that when we were working together. I was like, I'm her best friend. But also I think probably everybody feels that way. It's because she's so genuine. You have the sense in her presence like, oh this is my new best friend. Wow. My Hunch is she makes you feel incredibly comfortable to talk to. Yes, exactly. And so for a lot of people, she's the most comfortable person they get to talk to. And so they are in the level of intimacy that they can feel comfortable sharing. Yeah, That's exactly it. They feel in her presence like this is the most comfortable I've been because I could also see you convincing yourself to not stay in touch with her. Oh no, I did. I basically didn't reach out. That's my hunch is that she probably pursued you as a friend. She did. I only say this because I didn't wanna bother her 'cause I think of her as on another planet. She's also a very busy person.


Yeah. But she would send me text messages. Like I had put out a book the next year. She'd send me text messages of lines in the book. She would come to all the plays I wrote. She was just very supportive. I think what it is is that she's like a comedy nerd and so I was writing comedy essays. She would send me a picture of one of my short stories or something and she would say, this is my whole life. And she's genuine. Beams give me hiccups. Yeah. Beam gives me hiccups. It's a collection of short stories that I published in there and elsewhere. And she would just send me pages from it and no one was doing that to me. It's so sweet and flattering. I think she's just like a comedy nerd in addition to being also like a goddess. And so I think that's what it was. So she became interested in the stuff I was writing and so she would always be the only one who would read my stuff. I mean more than any other friend. Yeah, She believes in you creatively.


Yeah. Yeah. And so she got my first movie script and she was thinking of starting a production company and she asked if she can produce this as her first movie. Wow. That is when you finished Saving the World. Yeah, Exactly. Okay. You do. Now You See Me. Those are huge hits. John's a friend of ours for part two, John Chu. Oh really? You gotta see Wicked. He fucking sated. It's Fantastic. I can't wait to see It. It's insane. Okay. It makes a ton of sense. You've written a bunch of plays that have been produced. You've been writing forever and your acting's. So obviously Directing's not a big leap, but for you, did it feel like a big declaration? Not really. I just was feeling like I wasn't getting good movie parts for a while. I was always writing plays 'cause I was doing movies that I really liked. You were living also in a subset of Hollywood that got largely diminished.


You were in a lot of 20 to $60 million movies, quirky comedies. Those went away. The actual sweet spot you were living in has only just deflated over the last 10 years because that's TV now. That is so interesting. God I just blamed myself. But I'm sure you're at home going like, yeah, no one likes me anymore. Yeah, of course. Forget the fact that they haven't made a $35 million dramedy in eight years. You Know? It literally never crossed my mind. But, so I've had this happy thing where I was acting in movies I really liked. Which you're saying went away, I guess that's true. Yeah. And then I was doing plays and it felt great. And then it had been a few years since I'd been in a movie that people really liked. So I just thought I have to take the thing I've been doing in theater and just move it to movies where I can kind of take control of it a little more.


I had written a book for Audible and instead of turning it into a play, which I was going to do, I turned it into a screenplay. 'cause I just thought then I could just get in movies. And it truthfully, it was helpful. Like I was working with a 24, produced it and it was basically like I'm in with the cool kids again. Yeah. In the movies. And I engineered it myself. And now I acted in my second movie. So now it even helps me as an actor. But it was kind of like, I guess taking a backdoor back to the table that I felt I wasn't sitting at anymore. Right. And had you convinced yourself that the ride was over, even to the degree where you were trying to transition into gratitude for having been at the party? That's Funny. You're talking about the fully the memoir phase of the career. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. Like the processing of the experience. Yes, exactly. Now you're opening the car dealership based on the sitcom that you were in.


Mine is, I'm doing ace True LU hardware commercials regionally in, in Michigan. And I go, no, you didn't get punked. We do have garden hoses on. Exactly. Now watch out for those zombies with this new rake. Now you see these cars, now you don't. Yes. God, where was I all Now I could think of where are we directing? Oh yeah, Yeah. Oh this is what I was gonna say. Basically you joke that I was in the gratitude phase. I was not in the gratitude phase. I moved to Indiana. I was in the, I moved to Indiana phase, Bloomington, Indiana. I moved to Bloomington. Yeah. What is that? Bloomington is a city and cities are groups of people. Okay. And you know this from your anthropology that those people can be different. But basically my wife grew up there. Okay. My mother-in-law tragically got sick and she was running a domestic violence shelter there.


And we went to help out with the shelter and to take care of her. And in terms of professional stuff, 'cause that's kind of what we're talking about, it was like just a total two feet out the door of this thing. You know, it's a weird industry. It feels so unstable. Oh yeah. You feel like, oh the thing's gonna spit me out tomorrow. Being in Indiana, I was just around none of it, which was great. Paradoxically, it was weird because I was the only actor there. And so people were like, Hey, are you still acting? Sure. Which is not a question you wanna be asked. What year was this? This Was probably 20 16, 17, 18, 19. Okay. Pre pandemic. Yeah. No. And then in the pandemic we were there all the time. We moved to Indiana. You Laugh basically. Yes, exactly. Ah. And it was a relief. But you're running away from something. Yeah too. I was running away from not feeling like I'm pound in the pavement in New York also, I was in this Batman movie and the Batman movie was so poorly received and I was so poorly received.


I've never said this before and it's kinda embarrassing to admit, but I genuinely think it actually hurt my career in a real way. Really? 'cause I was poorly received in something so public. I've been in poorly received things that just don't see the light of day for the most part. No one knows. But this was so public and I don't read notices or reviews or movie press or anything. So I was unaware of how poorly it was received. But I don't even know what you're talking about. And that's another fallacy that another reality, this is another thing that we think. I didn't know that either until I was reading about you today. Yeah. We think everybody knows. Knows about. I'm sure you think we know what you're talking about the movie and then you were poorly like I didn't know that until you just said it. Oh yeah. But in the industry, if you're in a huge, huge movie and not seen as good, the people who are choosing who to put next in their movie are just not gonna select you.


Pick you. Yeah. You're just like associated with something. I loved my role and I loved the movie doing it and everything. So I feel just myself to blame. I'm not like they did me wrong. No. I'm like, oh I guess I did something wrong there. And so it did feel like I had to climb out again. Yeah, Bet you were really depressed after that. I was depressing but I'm depressed all the time in some ways just like, oh yeah, of course I had this great opportunity. Of course it didn't go well. Oh just pessimism. Okay Great. So here's this other great irony, which is constant fear of the future. But when terrible shit's happening to me, I'm kind of good in terrible shit. I'm fine. Which Begs the question, why am I so afraid of the future? 'cause every time I'm in the shitty thing I do just fine. Oh No. It's exactly what I expect. My main trouble comes when a good thing is happening because I think now is the really bad thing and it's that anticipation that's really troubling.


Yes, my mother-in-law is very sick and while we were taking care of her as such a self-centered way to view something, but I remember it just had never anxiety. 'cause I'd never had a thought about myself. It made me feel so good to be able to help somebody who needed it. During the pandemic there was no work, obviously couldn't go to set. So I was working in this domestic violence shelter. I was just volunteering and I'd never been happier in my life. It was just getting outside of yourself. Now I heard you talk about directing. I thought this was a cool thing to acknowledge because I say this kind of publicly, this is a wild business. The most creative person isn't the best director. You have to also lead 120 people in a direction that's its own skillset and it's almost, theres no relation to the other part of the job.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's like you're general manager of a store. Yeah. It's very interesting. You think, oh if you're creative, you're a writer and you're in your room by yourself and if you're a good enough writer, eventually they'll go, do you want to direct? You're like, well I sit in a room by myself. This is gonna be a different experience altogether. I liked hearing how you a owned that. Like I'm not the kind of guy that's can be shouting on set. We're losing the light. But you found your own way through it. What is it that you landed on that made you comfortable in that role? Oh, That's so nice to ask. The directors I've loved working with are not those people either. They're people like me and they are great because they're real people who so appreciate everybody who's on that set. They appreciate the actors who are exposing themselves, discounting their own vanity even though their face is gonna be blown up to a million feet.


And I just walk in so lucky and happy that this production designer, this cinematographer, this art director is here working. They're far more talented at their job than I am at my job. This is my first or second movie, this is their hundredth, these actors, same kind of thing. So I just feel really lucky. And the two movies I've made are very specific to my voice. And so I very confident in the creative part of it. I know where I'm not confident in and I'm so happy that I have people working with me who are, when I think about it that way, it's pretty easy. My new movie I'm acting in as well. And I never had a chance, for example, to watch the playback of me in the scene. I never had an opportunity. We were moving too quickly for me to go and put my headphones on and watch me act. It was basically, I could either do that or do another take.


It would take take the same amount of time. So I'd just do another take. I was too busy to second guess myself or my hair. I just finished doing. Now You See Me three and it's an ensemble movie and the part doesn't require me to like dig deep and get still. I was so nervous all the time. This is my shot on this movie and this is the important scene in this movie when I'm doing my own thing, I just don't have that. There's no buildup. I think I'm best in the things I've directed because yeah, I'm so distracted by the much bigger issue at hand. So you're unselfconscious. Yeah. There's no time for it. I gotta get these lines out. I wrote, that's my job. But what does it tell you then about the nervousness from the other thing? Does it tell you that's just fantastical stuff that you're creating to fill your mind? It gives me an example that I can do the same job without all the bullshit.


I don't have to be fearful. Right. And I don't have to be nervous. It's almost like immersion therapy for you or I where you get results and then you have to acknowledge, oh, I didn't need all that rack yet. I just found there's so much waiting in movies to fill your head with crazy stuff Again. I just finished this movie, Ruben Fleischer actually directed it. It was a big movie and you could not go wrong in this movie. It's Now You See Me three and yet you spend the six hours in your trailer waiting to do the thing. And so by the time you get to do the thing and the line is basically just just like, I got him right here. You know? Something like that. Yeah. And so you're in the trailer and you're like, I got him right here. I I got him right here. Because you're thinking this requires so much because I'm here in this trailer sense. It must require so much if there's all this crap around and all these people around me.


Exactly. So then you overinflate the importance and then you screw yourself up a little bit. 'cause it actually is better If you don't think about it. Yeah. Well I watched A Real Pain last night and I really, really enjoyed it. And in fact I was watching it, my 11-year-old who was just trying to get outta going to bed, which is a great technique, she kind of joined me. She was laying on the floor watching with me and she goes, this movie's hard to watch but I really like it. And I'm like, yeah, that's like a whole genre of movies hon. We take for granted. All three of us grew up watching certain kinds of movies and now kids grew up watching like kids movies or tentpole movies. This whole strata Oh right. Of like an emotionally taxing talk heavy. It's not in the marketplace.


It was cool. This is uncomfortable. You can feel what these guys are going through and that in itself is very intriguing and pleasurable to consume. But what you're saying is that's unique. My fingers off the pulse. If you're 11, look, we took 'em to the mall Friday night. 'cause I found out there's a Dairy Queen in the Burbank Mall. Once we got there I realized, oh, we've never been to the mall with the kids. They think this is spectacular. We are at Macy's, they're on every bed, every couch, every chair. And I'm like, oh right. This is my entire childhood going to The mall. They never been there. Just 'cause mall culture is not the same thing. Well we Don't shop at the mall, we shop online. And this particular mall, the Burbank Mall, shout out it's a time warp. It's the eighties, it's the same terrible things at the food court.


It was just one of these dumb things where I was like, oh right. I spent every weekend of my life at a mall. This is their first time to a mall at 11 years old. In that way, this movie was weirdly refreshing. 'cause this movie could have been Been Burbank Mall of movies. Yeah, Yeah. Could have been What director do I wanna say? Not Hal Ashby, but there's this seventies vibe to this movie. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's character based, you know, walk and talk characters that you don't necessarily fall in love with right away. Every Scene you set up for you probably were gonna get through four or five pages of dialogue. Yeah. Wait, did your kid not find Kieran to be really funny? 'cause Kieran's antics are funny in the movie. Yeah. She liked Karen, but Karen is also making everyone very, very uncomfortable around him. Unpredictable. Yeah. Is unpredictable.


Alright, so let's set up the movie and then I want to hear your own history and going into it. The thing I wanna applaud the most is just as a writer, it's such a different story by the conceit of it. So you and your cousin who are very closest kids who are separated in adulthood, geographically and socioeconomically and all these things. You shared a grandma, she lived in Poland, world War ii and she died and she left you guys money to go visit where she's from and you guys joined a tour? Yeah, with a really fun group of different people with different reasons to be on the tour. And now we're just on this tour through Poland and it's a Holocaust tour and there's these cousins trying to come to terms with how different their lives have turned out.


I'm sure the implicit guilt in your character's mind. And he's ki so he's the dude from succession. He's impossibly charismatic, can get away with saying anything. Yeah. And it's really fun to watch. What's your own, I know you have some similar bit of history with Poland and your aunt. Yeah. The house that the guys go to at the end is my family's house. Oh really? And my wife and I went to all these cities in 2008 when we were just traveling through Poland. So I knew these places quite well. And then my Aunt Doris was born and raised in that house. My cousin Maria survived the war through a series of miracles, as we say in the movie. So it was kind of like a combination of these two people. And then I'd been on some of these tours, not in Poland, but first time my wife and I went away together was to Venezuela.


She's like an interested person in the world. She took me when I was 18 to Venezuela and we went on this tour and it was so funny because you're with these other Americans or British people, whatever, it's an English speaking tour and you're not having any local experiences. You're in another place, but you're kind of in this bubble. I thought it was so kind of funny and ironic. So I wanted to kind of present that world also would be I thought really interesting to just have it set unlike a Holocaust or so basically the kind of humor of the movie and of the characters can just be offset and against the backdrop of something quite big. Where do you get that relationship? I've Written about characters like these for a while. Kieran's character is Benji. I played a character named Ben in a player called The Spoils, which was about a similar kind of character. I'm fascinated by people like that. So If you haven't seen the movie, the character that Kieran plays is this incredibly charming, charismatic, live wire firecracker, but can also be very manipulative, antagonistic, intimidating, but also lovable and then also ultimately very broken.


Something's very disturbed For lack of better verbiage. He seems kind of bipolar. You don't know what you're gonna get on what day is he gonna be really high and ramping up everyone else around him or is he gonna be in the pits and drag everyone down with him? Yeah, Exactly. And I guess I've found people like that just to be initially very enviable. Like I wish I had that kind of outward charm. I wish I could say what was on my mind. I wish I felt comfortable enough in my own skin to even say, Hey, I'm feeling really bad now. He gives people the greatest moment in their lives, but he also, when he's not feeling good, he decides he has to turn everybody's world sour. I always thought that's like the version of me that I don't present. Well that's what I was gonna ask. They're two different characters, but are they you? I mean are they your super ego and your it?


You're the first person to put it in those Freudian terms. Okay. But that's what it is. So Kieran's like the it, my character is David. Everything David is feeling and all the things that are coursing through his unconscious come to life and that's Kieran's character. And there's something unsustainable about Kieran's character. So that's why there's a kind of broken, bittersweet quality to him because he doesn't have a sustainable life. Yeah. He can't keep jobs or friends or girlfriends. You meet him in the beginning at the airport and you leave him at the end at the airport. He's a person who kind of exists in this transient liminal space. Just a purgatory of his own troubles. There's also all this great exploration of what the third generation Jewish experience is, but it brings up different things that you could potentially be dealing with with that family history that's shared by so many.


One of 'em I found was fascinating. I had never really considered was in your great moment of frustration with your cousin, you say the notion that he's living in the basement of his parents' home, knowing what his own grandmother went through and survived is like somehow this cosmic disappointment. Exactly. It Never occurred to me that people would feel that way, but of course they probably would. That might be an actual thought people have who feel like they're underachieving, Which of course would just bring them down even further. There's like a quote in every culture that has the following thing. Japanese culture, it's like rice patties to rice patties in three generations. There's another quote, which is like, first generation builds the house, second generation lives in the house, third generation burns it down Italian is like shirt sleeves to shirt sleeves in three generations.


And I say it in the movie, the first generation, 'cause some menial job, they work themselves up into the middle class. Second generation maybe moves themselves up a little further and the third generation burns the house down. And I think that third generation, if I were to analyze it, maybe on a mass level, I would say something along the lines of there is a guilt that their lives are comfortable and they're lacking. Meaning that the first generation head, yeah, you Inherit, it's more than the immigrant story. It's the survivor immigrant story. And yeah, I think about my own self-flagellation. And if I could add in there that my Papa Bob, he was orphaned, he adopted all of his younger brothers and sisters and supported them. I think what that man went through. And then I'm like, yeah, I didn't get X movie to Y actor. Isn't that weird? What A shameful place I'm occupying in my head right now.


That's Exactly what the movie is talking about. I don't know how to reconcile it. I've written four plays about this exact idea. 'cause all my plays are about usually an American's modern American creation. Like the, what you're just describing in touch with somebody whose life is somehow just more fraught. The play that I like the most is called The Spoils. And my character is like Kirin's character and his roommate is a Nepalese immigrant who's based on my friend. We both met at NYU. But my roommate is getting a business degree and I think business degrees are ridiculous 'cause capitalism's bullshit. And he's like an upwardly mobile immigrant and it's just this clash of cultures. And so my life is just completely stifled. 'cause everything seems like bullshit because I have the comfort to have that. It's a luxury. Yeah, exactly. You get self hating. And then if you're telling yourself this story of, God, I can't believe my grandfather, what you just told me now, and you're worried about your role, it just adds to the self hating cycle.


Yeah. Just all more fuel. And then again, the story he's telling like, yeah, just an outward rejection of all wealth because he doesn't have it. Also these stories that he's telling himself, Kieran. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Rich people are fucking idiots. Which helps dissipate some of the shame. It's the thing you said earlier about not going to the award show and then creating a thing in your head. Yeah. Because award shows are bullshit, you know? Yeah. Yeah. You have to, if your life is not working out in certain areas, the quicker thing to do is not try to fix it or blame yourself or try to fix yourself. The quicker thing to do is create some really well reasoned, logical sounding argument of why the thing that you didn't get is bullshit. Yes. And why the thing you're doing is the natural and right thing to be doing. Yeah. I say this a lot about our current hatred of billionaires.


I don't have that hatred. I'm like, poor people don't hate billionaires. It's a certain class of people that is actually pretty privileged that has the luxury of saying that's bad and capitalism is bad and X, Y, Z is bad. It's like if you're actually disenfranchised, you don't think that. Oh, that's so interesting. It's a weird cycle that happens with privilege where you start picking apart the way to get, I think this is some of the great angst with economically disenfranchised people, is they're hearing rich people talk about that they should care about the planet. Right. And they're like, yeah, let me handle dinner and rent and I might join you in this existential crisis that's a thousand years away.


There is some reality, like when your full bandwidth is made up of surviving, a lot of these other concerns are trivial Idea of Maslow's hierarchy of needs is that once you fulfill food and air, then you have shelter. And if you're worried about your movie role, I suppose that's not even on the pyramid. And if it wasn't a pyramid, it'd be the star on top of the Christmas tree of the pyramid. Yeah. Yeah. The tip of the Flag pole. Yeah. And Maslow would punch you in the face. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But it's a similar thing. It's like the cultural, If you parents left a country to come here so that you could have the opportunity to make a ton of money, you're not gonna be like, I think money's bad. You're like, that's literally the whole purpose of that was The life raft. Yeah, Exactly.


Of Course. That's what the movie is doing and that's what the characters in their own different ways are trying to go back to connect to it. In some ways. My character's kind of a yuppie and has all the feelings of OCD. It makes me incredibly uncomfortable, but I don't wanna tell anybody about it 'cause I'm grandson of survivors. Right, Right. Were the places you were filming actual? Yeah, we filmed at a concentration camp. We filmed at one called My Dan, which is five minutes from where my family lived. Not the house that's in the movie, but my second cousins lived. Nonetheless. We filmed at this place my Dan, it was really difficult to film there. They don't want movies filming there for obvious reasons. Yeah, of course. Yeah. I mean, most movies that are about the Holocaust take place during the Holocaust. These places that are hallowed grounds don't want extras and Nazi uniforms running through. So I took eight months to get in touch with these people to finally express to them what I wanted to do, which was I wanted to take these characters on a tour through this place, which is now kind of called a museum.


The way that they as a museum are hoping to get people to come into the movie. Was serving the same purpose as the place and important to go. I've been to a few of these genocide museums in Rwanda and Cambodia and I visited several of the concentration camps every talking about these places. I just have this thought, which is like, God, everybody has to see this. And it's hard to say exactly why, I guess, you know, it'll make you more empathic. All of it's overwhelming. And so I don't like thinking about it. And my best course of action is to explain why it is just to basically fall on Nietzsche. To have kind of a NIST takeaway is your only recourse to not suffer in thinking about it. I'll go, yeah, bad shit happens on planet Earth. People are tribal. And that's the facts of life. It's all an attempt. So I don't actually have to feel how miserable that might Be.


Feel sad. Oh, I see. I got a little compartment in my head and it's like, yeah, the earth's gnarly. We do gnarly shit. People are susceptible to cults of personality and we're social animals. I understand it. Quote and therefore I don't have to feel it. But I think going there I go, it matters a ton and it's real and it's palpable. And there's nothing I can do to really think my way out of this. That's right. I mean, and I guess it speaks to the thought that one death is a tragedy and a genocide is data. So when you go there you realize, oh actually there's something real here. It's not something to just write off as a data point. Yes. Of something that Occurred. Yes. To understand intellectually. Exactly. One detail that I absolutely love that you had in the movie, only because I just read this book, when we cease to understand the world. Have you read that book?


Oh No. You must read this book. 'cause you show the Prussian Blue on The gas chambers. Oh, I didn't. It's the greatest book of all time. The first chapter Yes. Is the Prussian book. It's Called Prussian Blue. Sorry, I forgot the title. That is the single greatest book I've ever read. But I read it like five years ago and I just bought it for everybody I know. Did you read Maniac yet? His next book. Oh he did he write another thing? You must read it. He's French, right? He's like from 10 different countries. French is his first language, but he might be in Argentina writing. Oh, That's exactly what it was. That what it is. He was living in South America, but he French. That Prussian blue chapter is the iest thing I've ever read in my life. Yes. And so to tell people, for people, yeah. Prussian Blue only exists as a byproduct of the poisonous gas that was used. Wait, what is that, sorry. So Prussian blue is just this beautiful color in a palette of painters.


Oh. And it was discovered in some year. I forget which year. And when you create that compound that's in cyanide, or you say it in the movie, we Say Cyclone B. Yeah. Those Chemicals create the color Prussian blue, which is so beautiful. And all of the gas chambers had Prussian blue all over. Like the gas just would seep out of the doors where they would open it. So surrounding the door going in. Oh. And so now like 80 years later, the stains are still on the wall and There're these clouds of the prettiest blue you've ever seen. It's so weirds. Something's very Weird. Weird about, I know. It's also the name of a girl band. Do you know about this? Oh no. Prussian blue White Supremacist Two Sisters. Oh My God. Ladies, ladies use the wrong use of Prussian Blue. Yeah. Also the wrong use of your life.


Yeah. What are You doing? I mean, they purposely named that 'cause they're white supremacists, right? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Fascinating. It's a fantastic movie. You did a fucking great job. It's really, really good and refreshing and new and interesting and a cool story. And Kirin's phenomenal. And you're phenomenal. Thank you so much. I appreciate you saying that. Yeah. And I'm delighted that you accomplished so much in such short time and on such little money. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. We just had someone on who was just here talking. Oh, MIE Anna Kendrick. When you make a movie for such a low budget, you want two things. You want America to think it costs a hundred million, but you want everyone to know you only have 3 million. Oh, that's brilliant. I want the credit of having made a big movie for a very little amount of money. Funny. But I want funny everyone to think it costs a hundred million.


I was told to stop saying it for exactly that reason. That's funny. Yeah, you're exactly right. Why is that? Because America doesn't wanna go to a movie. I want my cake and eat it too. But what's the appeal? Well, They want, you wanna watch it and be like, holy shit, this movie's incredible. It must have cost a hundred million. It's huge. I see, I see. I see. It's a huge big movie. There are occasionally movies that the story of the thing is $50,000 and they did this. But that's I guess few and far between. Right, right, Right. Yeah. Puffy chair, we can name 'em probably. Yeah. Well Jesse, this has been wonderful. I've enjoyed this so much. I hope everyone checks out A Real Pain. It's so, so good. What's interesting, it's Searchlight. This all makes sense because I watched on Disney debut, which is their like screening platform.


But of course Disney owns Fox and Fox Searchlight. Yeah. Will it make its way to Disney then Disney plus? I think it's what comes on. Yes. Oh, okay. Great. Imagine it's the only Holocaust movie on Disney Plus. Just type in the Holocaust on Disney Plus. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. What if it said, I don't like to talk about that. Yeah, we don't talk About that. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Maybe you'd enjoy Dumbo or you wanna feel like shit Bambi. Exactly. Yeah. All the saddest movies come Up. We don't have that title, but we have fam B Lion King, You know, all these movies. The parents die in the beginning. All of 'em. I mean that's the formula. Yeah. Isn't that just bizarre? It is. And when it's pointed out to you, you're like, oh, it's that simple. Simple. It makes sense. So it's the only way to get kids to care immediately.


That's the only thing they know and could understand as pain. You know what Chay BT told me? 'cause I asked, is this exploiting kids' psychology? And it said no. This is a way to safely teach kids about emotions. So it's not real, but you're dealing with emotions. They're Playing out their biggest fear. They'd lose mom and dad. That's right. They're doing what we do. Just a few years later. It's Texas chainsaw. Yeah, Exactly. Next stop. Six more years. Alright, Well I enjoyed meeting you on the lot. Yeah. Is so fun. Some 12 years ago and now this has been even better. I hope everyone watches A Real Pain and we would love for you to come back when you're doing it again. That Would be great. Thank you so much. This was so nice. I sure hope there weren't any mistakes in that episode, but we'll find out. When my mom misses Monica comes in and tells us what was wrong.


I want to give a public shout out to the number one bunny in America. The number one rabbit. Carly Barton, my little sister. She got out all 1500 sweaters. Wow. Carly In like two days. Incredible. She Had to borrow the truck multiple trips to the post office. Thank you Carly. But She cranked. That little gal can work. I think I can always call her a little girl. It's not disrespectful on a feminine standpoint 'cause it's my little sister and she'll always be a little girl. I think she likes being a little sister. I'm sure she does. Yeah. I like being a little brother. I mean, I hated being a little brother, but now I like being a little brother. Mm. I could see that. Yeah. Yeah. You have Little Brother Energy.


Ah, you wish I got Big Brother Energy. Oh, here's something that I wanted to bring up. 'cause I always talk about things I love that I've seen, and I know you're never gonna watch this, which really breaks my heart. But do you know about the Yacht Rock documentary on Max? My God, is it good? What's, what's the deal? First of all, Simmons produced it. Oh, cool. He's is doing a lot of docs. Oh yeah. Because he just didnt, he Did the, I think he did the McMan one. Yes. That's awesome. He's crushing that doc space. Yeah. I've removed my shoes for comfort. Yeah. I see. Those are nice socks. Thank you. It's really good. And you know, I consider myself a student of yacht rock, as you know, since you've known me.


Yacht Rock was my thing. It gives you the origin of yacht rock. It was a comedy sketch by these guys in the nineties. They, they coined the term yacht rock. Okay. I knew all the players of course. And you know, my love for Steely Dan, but I gotta be honest, I don't think I knew how much Steely Dan is the hub of all that music. I mean it's, you can trace all of it so perfectly to all just them being the nucleus. And you know, Celia Ann's my absolute favorite. I force people to talk about it all the time, especially when we have musicians. So what a delight for me to hear that. That was the glue that held all that together. Do You talk to Best Boy Jimmy Kimmel about it? Of Course.


Yep, yep, yep. Since he loves Yacht rock as well. He and I, well, Molly sent me the best video ever. If she says to her Alexa or whatever device she has, Hey, Alexa, play good music. She did a video of this. It'll go playing DAXs playlist. Like the playlist that Jimmy made for me. Oh, that's sweet. Is what Alexa thinks is good music. That's so cute. He made you a playlist. There's a few bands. I guess that's where the debate is. Like, where does the line, like Hall Notes is not yacht rock, but that's so Why. Right. A lot of people would say why I think it is.


And then there are people, like Kenny Loggins is one of the, he'd be on the Mount Rushmore of yacht rock, but he also danced in all the genres. Sure. He sweat a lot of rock and a lot of pop. And then all these seminal yacht rock jams, Carly Simon, steely Dan, James Taylor. These aren't, that's the, neither of those are James Taylor is not yacht rock. I mean, I think so. You think so? Yeah. Who gets to decide? Well, If you watch the doc, they give you a pretty good Oh really? Definitely framework for what it is. Huh. So the band that's at the hub is of course Steely Dan. But then the individual, that's the common connective tissue is Michael McDonald.


He's in every single one of these things in some capacity. My God. Yeah. I wonder what Simmons is gonna do next, because he's on a roll. I Guess he's gonna make one for you. That would be fantastic. Speaking of, I got a lot of really sweet reach outs from people in my life. Like old people in my life when I was in middle school and high school. And they were so happy for me that we got to have Lisa on. 100% of the comments are about you. That's very sweet. Yeah. People's enthusiasm and excitement for You. It was like people who I don't talk to really, but were there for when it was really When friends was the salve.


Yes. And so they were all very, it was very heartwarming and sweet that they were like, oh my gosh, That is nice. So Happy for you. Yeah. And then Anthony, who also was there. Yeah, he texted me. Not a blast from the past, well Not a blast from the past, but a Longstanding friendship. Yeah. He was in the past and he was a part of it. And he's also a huge friends fan. And he said, I almost commented Lisa Curo. This is how I find out. I have forgotten to tell him. You had to even tell him. Yeah, I'd forgotten. Hmm. And then I said, oh, some people reached out, which was really sweet. And he said, yeah, you really created strong brand awareness even back in the day.


So You didn't tell anyone who was coming up. 'cause when I did Toto, I couldn't re, when I was with the boys, I'm like, oh dude, Toto said this. Toto said that. I told people Toto. Oh, interesting. Yeah. I told people about Lisa Cudo. I guess I just forgot to tell the most important person. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So sorry Anthony. I, this is a public apology. I need you to be brutally honest. So I was gonna wear a hat because as you know, I am involved, engaged in a two front war with the thickness of my hair. Okay. And so I have a product that I have to use in the morning and at night. And it makes my hair terrible. I have an eye dropper, a drop, drop, drop, drop, drop. I just want it on my scalp. That's what I'm hoping. And then I try to get my fingers in there and just rub the scalp.


But of course it gets all over the hair. Okay. And then it's a pharmaceutical, so it's not like a hair product you'd want to use. And so my hair just always looks bad basically. 'cause I'm putting it on in the morning and then at night. So take your pick. It's gonna look bad. So I'm wearing a lot of hats lately. 'cause I, I don't wanna deal with It. Oh, I did notice I'm wearing a Lot of hats. Or maybe I won't put in that product. I'll just, I'll, I'll give up some, some territory in this war. Oh. I might lose the battle today, but worth it so that I don't have to wear a hat at work. Okay. And then, so I was, that was all happening. I just exercised. Went in there, cleaned up, what are we gonna do here? Wear a hat. And I go, I'm not gonna wear a hat.


And now I'm here. And then it just crossed my mind. 'cause my hair look crazy. Well, did you put the stuff on it? Yeah, I got to. Well you just told me you decided you might not do that On a day. I'm not gonna wear a hat. I would forego the treatment so that my hair doesn't look all goy. Right. So I was gonna wear a hat today. Okay. But then I decided at the last minute when I came down, no, I'm not gonna. Okay, got it. You see the confusion? It looks fine. Okay, Great. Yeah, it doesn't look insane. What do you, what means what's insane to you? Like a big block of plastic on half my hair and then normal hair everywhere else. Oh no, it doesn't have that. But I have an idea. Tell me, you know, those scalp things, they're like That tickle your scalp.


Yeah. The metal Rods, they have little like sticks on them. You could do the thing and then use the scalp thing to get it all over and then it would, you wouldn't be using your hands to get it all over. It's a great idea. But I think If you had used the product, you would, you would know why that's not gonna be an option for me. Because I do the eyedropper. Well, inevitably it wants to start running down my forehead and I don't think I can get it in my eyes. So I constantly, I just gotta immediately stop it. Oh. It's like you've spilled something on the counter and it's making its way towards the, the edge. And it's gonna go down on the forehead. You gotta really quick get involved. Oh, Okay. So, Because you definitely wanna get you, like you have to put it up here.


Well that's front number one of the war. It's two front war. I'm fighting in the front and in the back, the middle we're fine. I don't really even Need, So most of my drops are all along the front and then it wants to 'cause of gravity come down my face. Okay. I have another idea. Hmm. What about Q-tips? What about If you put it on a Q-tip and then you dab dab dab? So I almost think I tried that method. The problem is, is like I've got an eye dropper and I don't know when milliliters, but it's a considerable amount of fluid. If I was gonna douse a Q-tip, we would be in there for like 45 minutes to, to get enough of that fluid on the Q-tip, get that then transferred to the scalp, then go back.


'cause the Q-tip doesn't absorb all that much. And you're supposed to do two of the eye. Oh you two full eyes. It's a lot of fluid. Mm. All right. Well, and Just a hat I think is the Solution. Great. Just keep wearing a hat. Yeah. All right. Well it's almost Christmas time. Are there any Christmas updates? I got a new Tablescape, so that was exciting. Tell me about a ca tablescape New tablecloth. This is from Heather Taylor home. Gorgeous. Oh, we love Heather as a human. I mean, I don't know much about the products, but she's A amazing product. Wonderful Woman. My tree is 35, but she's still my baby. Just like Harley is always your little Girl. Little girl. Yeah.


Her skirt is pink and green. Okay. So now I'm, I've deciding to do pink and green As a theme across the board in your home. Yeah. Okay. That's the wicked colors. Oh God. I guess They are. 'cause Kristen did a wicked tree and it's pink and green. Nothing against wicked. But that wasn't the The You wanted to be more original. I just wanted to match the beautiful skirt. The skirt's so cute. It doesn't look wicked. Okay. I don't think people would think it. Okay. I'll ask. I'll ask everyone. Well, In full, honestly, when I look at our, our wicked tree, I don't think wicked really. No. I mean green obviously is very embedded into the wicked Yeah.


Aesthetic. Yeah. But I don't know about pink. Does that represent her, I guess? 'cause Yeah, I think she wears pink popular stuff. What's her name? Glenda Galinda. Galinda or Galinda. Yeah. Glenda. Glenda. Yeah. She wears pink. I forgot that. I only think green when I think wicked. But you're right, pink is a color. Yeah. Apparently it's, it's an essential part of the sauce. Speaking of Ariana Grande. Oh yeah. Did I already say this on here? No. Oh, my sweetest little delta. Yeah. You told me. It's, he's so cute. She has her first star Sheila. Oh. Oh my god. You guys, ah, I love it so much.


It's, it's her version of Lincoln's Taylor Swift. She finally has her girl and it's Ariana Grande. And she has printed up, she goes on the internet and finds she types in Ariana Grande color Shit. It's in my phone as a search, which is problematic, but, oh gosh. 'cause she uses my phone sometimes. Sure. It's like a drawing outline. And then she prints up all these little things and then she colors them. Oh. All day long. Oh. And then she's now telling me a lot of facts about Ariana Grande. And she wants to know when we're gonna interview her. I know. Now we have to, Well of course I'll die. I'll die getting her.


Yeah. Because my little girl. Anyways, I, it is So you Have two big gets Taylor and Aria. I know my gals did not shoot love. They have good taste. They went right for the stars. But boy do I like it. And I really like, it's just so cute when you love something when you're little and you start gathering all the facts. And she's telling me about her vocal range and why she's special in this way, in that way. So Cute. Oh, I love it. It's a pure time. It's pure. You told me this a little bit ago. And so then some videos have been popping up about her. I mean, I, I get so many wick wicked videos, which is kind of weird. Okay.


Maybe they know about my tree and they're confused. I look, I loved the movie. I love the movie, but I'm not like, some people are die hard, wicked. And they've seen it multiple times and they, They sing-alongs. Exactly. It's a whole, it's So fun. It's a whole thing. It's so fun. That's not really me. So I guess I'm, I'm inter, it's interesting that I'm being targeted in that way. Do you remember Adam oer? We interviewed him. Instagram. Instagram. CEO, head of C, head of Instagram. I dunno what the title is, but I follow him. And you know, there is a feature on Instagram where you can wipe your algorithm. Really? Yeah. It's like if you're starting to see stuff too often that you don't like and Maybe you watch, in my case, it would be like, I watched a fight video because there are certain fight videos.


I love if it's like a little guy that was getting bullied by a big guy in a car situation, he gets out and he happens to knock the guy out. I love that. Sure. But then they think I like every kind of fight. And then I just, and then it's sticky. I kind of, it's hard for me to resist looking, watching fights and I don't wanna watch a bunch of fights. Yeah. So like that's a case. I might go in there and and like just wipe it and then start fresh. Ooh. But that's a feature now. That's cool. Yeah. I like that. He's a very thoughtful, mindful person that's trying to make that thing the best version of it. There's like a real commitment. Remember when he was here, they were gonna hide likes. Yeah. Yeah. They tested That. They beta tested that.


And I Don't think the consumer wanted that. Yeah. But they tried, which, and I think in theory was a really kind of good idea. Yeah, I agree. But I do appreciate that there seems to be a lot of effort being made to keep it a kind of positive place. Yeah. They have, I think they have whole divisions at Meta that are fully ethics based. Right. Right, Right, right. And so a lot of the things have to run through that. Trying to dial down the polarization and stuff. Yeah. Stay tuned for more armchair experts, If you dare.


We are supported by Peloton. Peloton can keep your goals on track no matter what season of life you're in. Whether you're starting a new chapter or looking for a way to mix up your routine. Peloton is a variety of classes and class lengths that adapt to all the seasons in your life. Whether you want to try a new type of exercise from cycling to Pilates to yoga, running and so much more. There are a huge variety of classes to fit whatever you're looking for that day. Or If you just want to try a new trainer, Peloton has world class instructors to keep you motivated. I was at Molly's gym and she has a Peloton. And every time I'm there I try to sneak up there and get a little, steal a little sash. Steal a sash. 'cause it is so fun. It Is. The whole instructor part and the class. Yes. And any chance you can make working out fun, I'll take it. Peloton is everything you've ever wanted to try. Whenever you need it. Find your push. Find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


I've also gotten a lot of videos about her. Okay. And I sometimes think to send them to you to show Delta. Would you do that or are you like, probably not. Probably not videos. Yeah. Like I love that she's drawing pictures of her. Yeah. I don't mind going on the internet and getting the little things, but I don't really want her just mindlessly ingesting a bunch of videos. Yeah. IE fights in parking lots. Right. Yeah. I get that. But how's she learning about like her vocal range and stuff? Probably at school, that's where you learn everything. Right? Like one friend learns one thing and they add to the thing. The other friend's, like I heard she owns a Chihuahua. Mm. And you're like, yeah. You know, I don't think she owns, I don't even know if she owns a dog.


That was just an example. A theoretical example. Sure. Yeah. Can you see if she owns a dog, Rob? Yeah. I'm googling it already. Great. She has several dogs. Myron. Oh, a pit bull mix. Oh, that was left behind by rapper. Mac Miller. Oh, Myron. Alright. Do you have any up? What have you, have you watched any more Christmas movies? The last one was Charlie Brown Christmas and then Half of Frosty. Have you watched any? Yeah, I watched the holiday. I mainly just have it on in the background. The holiday home alone. Love. Actually Again, I just think it'd be so trippy to be in one of those movies where like every single year everyone's reminded of you.


It's like a hit song. Yeah. You don't get that with movies. People aren't like making time to watch. Yeah. It's true. Hurt Locker, which was an incredible movie. Right. But in in large part, it'll never be seen again. Yeah. So it's kind of a gift. It's a blessing to end up in one of these. It's a blessing. It's almost like what we do, sort of like how podcasts are so intimate. They, they become part of the, your fabric. Like your daily fabric. Christmas movies have that. They become part of your traditions and They're good triggers. Yeah. And like when we had Jude Law on, we talked a little bit about the holiday. It Yeah. He's like part of my year.


Yes. Always. Always. And Jack Black too. I, I forgot that he was also in, in my Role. In my role in hi. In his role. But it was almost mine for a minute. Yeah. When he had a scheduling conflict, then they worked it out. Yeah. You could have been. You could have been, it could have been In one of those where everyone remembers That would be cool. They should rerelease without a paddle and just give it a ton of Christmas songs. Maybe you think you could trick. Well you're really lucky if you're like Die Hard. I haven't seen it but Die Hard. Which is a Christmas movie. Christmas movie. But it's not. Right. It's funny you would say that.


Well no, it's just set during Christmas. You know, I tried to do this with Chips Make, and I was a bit heartbroken because I love that just in the background of LA in Lethal Weapon was Christmas. 'cause it's so, yeah. Especially if you're from Michigan. It's weird that California has Christmas. Like how are they doing it? They don't have fucking snow or anything. I guess there's something really neat about it. Yeah. So I had this great scene between Michael Rosenbaum and, and Vincent Donofrio. And he pulls over Michael and where we shot it is right at the 1 0 1 where you could get off at Vine. So in the background was the Capitol Records building. Oh. And they always put this enormous Christmas light tree.


Yeah. It's like the shape of a tree on the roof. Yeah. And it's so iconic. And every shot I kind of built around making sure that was behind an ario. And it was so great. And it was the opening scene and you, I was like, oh this is great. It's gonna have a Christmas vibe. And we have other Christmas stuff. But when that one went away, that scene didn't make the movie. It was a great scene on its own, but it didn't really service the movie all that well. So that scene got left entirely unseen. And then it really took out the momentum of the Christmas aspect. Dang. Yeah. But I was trying to do that. That would've been cool. Yeah. Because I love a little pop of Christmas in the Movie. Me too. Everyone says triggers in a negative way, but there's really positive triggers. Yeah, Yeah.


That's right. I think we think it because guns. Oh yeah. Well I think we think it, 'cause everyone says I was triggered. Right. Every fourth sentence. Yeah. In popular culture myself guilty of it too. And it's never a good thing at the end of it. Sure. Yeah. But I, I guess my point is I think it that originated just even that colloquial term originated from a gun trigger. Yeah. Or a crossbow probably. Okay. Rob is the home alone house in Chicago. Like immortalized at Christmas. Yeah. I used to work not far from it.


And I'd sometimes just drive over there and eat lunch on the street. Oh my God. Just like outside In my car. Do people and like are They don't, they don't love that people hang out there? Oh, Because someone lives there. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. They should. They wouldn't like, yeah. Warner bro. I mean whoever Columbia should have bought it. Well I think and then made it a museum. But you can't put a museum in the middle of someone's neighborhood. That does remind me. Last thing, Lincoln and Delta and I, on Sunday we went into Altadena I think a bit because you and I had shot a commercial there. Yeah. Well that's also funny 'cause all time, the restaurant, I, we, I love You love.


We All love. They just opened a new restaurant in Altena and you went and I went the day before we shot the commercial and it was so weird. 'cause I, yeah. I never go to Altena. Same. Yeah. So we were shooting a commercial there and then I kind of remembered, I think they have a street here that's super Christmasy known around town. So then I hit up Bri 'cause she lives adjacent to To Dina. Yeah. And I said, isn't there a street? Oh yeah, you gotta go Christmas Tree Lane. It's right by the public library. Ooh, blah blah blah. So, and she said, we let the kids hang, hang out the sunroof. 'cause you drive really slow. And I was like, okay, great. I got great tips. I'm gonna bring the Raptor. 'cause it's got a huge sunroof. So Lincoln and Delta and I went up to Christmas Tree Lane and we spent two hours just crawling through all the neighborhoods, looking at all of the houses that were decorated.


And there are some doozies. Ooh. I'm so, I'm so proud of those people that put in that effort. Me too. Some of these displays. Some That was a week of installation for sure. There was, there was a full Christmas vacation house. Oh wow. With like the characters there. There was, someone had the lamp from Christmas story, you know, the dad wins that stupid lamp. It's a sexy leg with a Oh. With a, with a stocking on it. And then a lampshade. And then the dogs break it. And he's so upset. My lamp. My lamp. And he and he spends this all time, gluing it back together. And it looks insane. Someone had one of the actual things in their window.


Wow. Someone put up this huge, it's like you're standing inside of a Christmas photo. They put a big border with Merry Christmas and it's lit so you can get out and step behind it. So I got the girls standing behind the, So they let people like come out and walk around and Oh, There's signs from the city. No, no parking during this time. It's like it, it's designated as an attraction and you just coast through. Wow. And people walk. That's so cool. We hung out the sunroof. Not we. Them. Yeah. Cute. I can't reach the pedals. You cruise control. Fuck. You're right Rob. I should have set the cruise on six miles an hour and maybe ghost ride It. Just gotta walk next to it. Mm. Wow. It sounds really lovely.


Yeah. It was really, really fun. And then we made the mistake of going to the In-N-Out in Altadena. Mm. And it was, it was a record waiting. It was a record. How are they doing this? It's, there's always, I've never been in my entire life and there's not been a line at random times. It's pretty cool. Good for them. Because They Don't A com. They don't build out for it and They don't market. Like I've never seen a commercial for In and Out. Well Bree and I used to see those commercials. Oh really? 'cause we would sing. That was our love song. What was it? The song was Inn Out.


That's what a Hamburgers all about. But we would say what made it our love song is we would say in Inn Out. That's what a Handen Burger's all about. Oh. We would say Handen Burger. And that's what made it a love song. Oh, I thought you I like that. 'cause I thought you were gonna make it gross Dirty. Like a In and Out. But that would be a sex song. Right. One more thing about In-N-Out. My mother went to California when I was a kid. When I was a skateboarder. We couldn't believe she was going to California. USA. We had never been. Yeah. We never even met people that went to California. Yeah.


When she came back, what she had seen while she was out there, this is what a good mom she was. She had seen other skateboarders and they had the In-N-Out sticker on their skateboards. But it would say In-N-Out Burger. And the skateboarders would cut off the B and the R. So it said In-N-Out urge. Oh. And She brought back a stack of the stickers for David and I and she showed us how to cut off the thing. Cute. Yeah. And were people like, that's so cool man. Yeah. People. That was really cool. It's California, Like Oh my God. The land of fruit nuts. I told you my, my friend's mom said that. Yeah. Were you, was California like a, a crazy fantasy as well for you?


NN It was a fantasy that I wanted to go live there, but Just as a place long before like I wanted to be in show business. Yeah. It was just like, oh, they surf out there. They skateboard out there. There's palm trees out there. Yeah. I think We were infected with the fantasy of it. I was infected with the fantasy of Hollywood. Okay. And I knew that was there. We went on a family vacation when I was 11. Oh see, okay. Well then that maybe. Yeah. Then it's a real place. So of course you wouldn't have had that. Yeah. We did the tour The first time I went. I think my mom took me when I was maybe 14 or 15 to do legwork for a car show. So we were working. Yeah. But we flew in, we went to Riverside. That's where the car show was at.


The Riverway Speedway. What a no disrespect to Riverside folks. Not the fantasy of California. Sure. Like I land You're 50 miles from the ocean. Yeah. It's industrial. Yes. It's sprawling. I was like, this is California. Oh yeah. Yeah. But then we went to San Francisco 'cause we had legwork up there and then, and then we rode the trolley. Yeah. And I was like, well this is a fantasy land. Definitely. Yeah. We, we, We did Chinatown And we went to San Diego, went to the zoo. You did. Your parents are good, good parents. Yeah. Very. Yeah. Took their Little girl all over. Yeah. They show her the world. Yeah. And it bit them in the butt because You Split, she left.


Yeah. They shouldn't have shown you this place. No. We say right by the airport. And you could hear the, the planes, the whole thing. Yeah. Yeah. That's my Riverside experience. Anyway. Okay. So this, so Jesse ding, ding, ding. He lives in Hollywood. Actually doesn't, I think he lives in New York. Yeah. He Doesn't even damn it. But he has done a lot of work here in Hollywood. Yeah. I feel bad because when you talked about Jesse's sister, I was like, I was, it was new information and I reacted as such. And then like four seconds later I was like, oh, I did know that. Oh, you already knew that. But I forgot.


And when you said it, it sounded new. Yeah. And then I felt fraudulent. I didn't know. I'm wondering what percentage of the audience will know immediately who I'm talking about. Because as soon as I heard Pepsi girl, I could see her in my head. The spirally curls. Let's bring up a picture of her on the TV show Problem. Search Bicycles in Paris On the TV show. Where's the, I think that's Austria. Oh, That's what I think. I think, God, is it beautiful? I think it might be iron. There she is. Look how, how cute she is. Oh, she loves her Pepsis. And you know what else? Look at her Little teeth. I Know she looks like him.


Yeah. Like they definitely have a family resemblance. Yeah. Oh my God. I wonder if he thinks She's so cute. He didn't say so in the interview. Well the, yeah. Geeking. Of course not. It's his sister. Well you think your sister's so cute. My sister is cute. You Talk about it all the time. I don't talk about how cute my sister is all the time. I'm kidding. I'm just kidding. But if your sister is known as being like the cutest girl in America, I wonder If I would Hate it. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Even if it was your little sister. No. If were her, I'd like it. I want the best for her. I always have. Well, that's great. I love her dimples. They're great. Dimples are A thing. Great. Dims. If and when science is good enough, which it, I will be.


I'm gonna pick dimples for my kid. Oh really? Yeah. I don't know if people with dimples like dimples, even though we all like their dimples. Well That's, they're crazy. Lincoln was just telling me that there are now a trend on social media is there's like a freckle filter. People put freckles on themselves. I know. And what a, what a turn of events. Everyone with freckles didn't want them. Yeah. And I was trying to explain to her, look, here's how it goes. Link whatever. You don't have, you want, I wanted curly black hair. Sure. Everyone with curly black hair wanted straight blonde hair. Yeah, Exactly. I had a ton of freckles. It was like a fart cloud on my face.


And of course I didn't want freckles. Right. But what happened to your freckles? I don't see any. You don't Uhuh. It's probably too much skin. Like sun damage under I bet if we, if I got good, if I got like acidy facials, maybe it would reveal. Oh, interesting. But you know, my arms are freckled to high heaven. Right. It's almost like I'm almost turning a person of color just on the arms. If you just saw my arms. Maybe with age also freckles dissipate on the face. Just the, I would say the sun exposure. But that also seems counterintuitive. 'cause sun also brings out freckles. A lot of people. It does. In the summer their freckles come out. They pop. Yeah. In the summer, my freckles were on fire.


Yeah. Lyn got, fre are so cute. A Lot of freckles. Freckles are so cute. They're cute. Oh yeah. So I'm gonna pick dimples. Okay. For my kid. When You de get your designer kid Yes. A girl with dimples. Oh, Can you imagine? She's gonna be so cute. It's a cute name too. For what it is. It's on him on AIA Dimples. It's Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I do you think if I go to my face guy, if I tell him I want dimples, Dimples could be, Could Do it. Easiest thing for them to do For you because they just carve out. No, I, I don't know if I understand how it works, but I do believe there's some kind of a facelift you can get with strings where they put string in your, in your face somehow.


Yeah. So clearly they could just put the string in and then suck that part of the string in. And if they haven't invented that, that's mine. They Do a dimple plasty. Oh, Dimple. Plasty. Incision in your cheek. Remove a small amount of muscle and fat and it creates a dimple. Hi. That's not what I, that's the what I, what I said. I said carve something out. You're right. Wow. I want string involved. It's only $1,500. Oh, that sounds way too cheap for facial surgery. I don't want, this is not where you wanna save a buck Is facial surgery. I'm gonna come back in the new year. You have six di If You get multiple dimples, do you think If you like, Because some one went wrong. So I did another one. Well, just If you like two dimples, why wouldn't you like four?


When I design my kid, she's gonna have one eat on each side. Okay. I guess I have to figure out exactly where and then she's gonna have curly hair. Okay. I don't think I have to design. I think she's gonna have naturally curly hair. Yeah. Like me. Well I guess depends on who her dad is. Right. Okay. But naturally curly Hair don't get with caucasoid lowers your chance. Exactly. But remember I saw that mixed girl at mixed late woman. Yeah. That you were obsessed with and turned out her par. One of her parents was Indian. Yeah. She was so pretty. Yeah. Well have a kid with carrot top or something. Ooh, that's a good idea. Oh, curly. Okay. I like that. Yeah.


Red curly hair dimples. And then I'm gonna give her, Are there any Indians with red hair? I've never seen one. Yeah. Well that's natural people dye hair, right? Sure, sure. That's a recessive gene that I don't think has made its way to dominance. Alright. Anyway. Jesse, that's fat. Jesse. Jesse has sort of red hair. Does he? I'm not Sure. Okay. There's Those crickets. Yep. Crickets. Okay. What is going on? What is going on in LA with crickets? Because this happened when I was recording something else in a different location and we had to stop Because cricket infestation.


Yeah. I don't know what's going on. 'cause there's, they're here in the studio. And then when I'm in the hot tub at night, there's, it's so loud behind my head. The crickets. And it's interesting 'cause in the summertime in Michigan, I love the sound of crickets. Yeah. In the hot tub at night or when we're recording, I hate it. Again. We had this moment last week where the guest was becoming very emotional and it was a very sweet moment. And like, it almost like someone queued the cr, like there was a second crickets. Crickets. Crickets. Oh god. The PA was like, cue the crickets. All of a sudden the crickets were so loud in there. And I was like, oh my God. This is, it's so embarrass. Even you Didn't hear that. I didn't even hear it because it was a big enough mo It was a sweet enough moment that I think you're in it.


But I mean, this is like not good for sound. Well They're, they're in invested in the garage rubber because when we, what we do, when that new couch came, Carly and I opened the garage to move it in and probably 400 crickets came out. So we need to get some cricut poison. Yeah. I read You can do peppermint tea Brew a pot of peppermint tea and they don't like and splash it everywhere. Don't, they don't like peppermint tea. Okay. And some other aroma therapies. Okay. Okay. Speaking of do mice, another unwanted pest. Yeah. Unless you're talking about me.


Yeah. Love eating plastic. Oh yeah. They, they, Yeah. They eat plastic. They do. They ain't my boss. And they chew right through it to keep their incisors from growing too long. What if I took that mouse to court, like a, a small claims court and I said, look, you $3,500 worth of damage here on my bus. And the mouse is standing there. Maybe the mouse has a lawyer. I'm not sure. Oh. But the mouse is just there and there. What do you say about this? And he says like, and you go, oh, he loves plastic. That's what he's saying. Yeah. Well, he loves plastic. Okay, so eBay's Aura, astronaut, costume, not there anymore.


Yeah, it's people snatched them up As they should. They were like 15 bucks. Right. You can buy spacesuits though on there. You can If you want. There are thousands of dollars. Yeah. I don't have such an interest in aeronautics or Sure. It's just more I had an interest in keeping my costume. Nostalgia. Yeah. All right. Was Squid in the whale Noah bomb backs first movie? No. It was called Kicking and Screaming in 1995. That was his first movie. That's different than the Will Ferrell kicking and screaming though. I think it is. It's different. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. This is about four young men who graduate from college and refuse to move on with their lives.


Okay. When we cease to understand the world author, is he French 10 different? He's from 10 different countries. He was born in the Netherlands. He spent his childhood in Buenos Aries and Lima. And then he moved to Santiago at the age of 14. So a lot of countries. Lot of countries. And If you type in Is Benjamin Latu French? It says no. Oh No. He is Chilean, not French. But do they mean his nationality or his ethnicity? Yeah, It says nationality. He's a Chilean author. Birthplace, childhood. It just, it doesn't say there's no, it doesn't say like his dad is from It doesn't say that.


Okay. I sent it to Kutcher the other day. I said, I don't know if I've already recommended this book or not. Sent him the link on Audible. And then he said, I'm pretty sure I'm the one who recommended this to you. Oh no. Which is possible. I don't, I can't remember how it came across my desk. Yeah. Take it off your chest. Get it off my desk. Oh Man. That's your Ariana Grande. Yeah. Well, my Ariana Grande is friends. I guess like that. I sat that pure time. Yeah. Who was, did you love any singers?


Brittany? You did. Good for you. It's Brittany Bridge. I know, except I didn't really, okay. You know. No, I did. I did. But I was not like, I liked friends or, yeah. Nothing. I wasn't owning it in the way that Probably more just to be involved. Part of The group. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. I was more into yacht rock. You don't know shit about yacht. I was actually, because my dad would play music in his car. Soft Rock. Soft Rock. The Soft Rock Station is the yacht Rock station. So that's like, yeah, Carly Simons goes in there. James Taylor, soft Rock for sure. Yeah. Yacht Rock is a subset of Soft Rock. All right. Yeah.


Okay. I That's fine. Okay. Well I'm, I think I said this already, but I am planning on reading this book over the Christmas break. Oh good. Yes. I'm excited to read it. It's A goodie. Yeah. One of my favorites. I'm reading listening to it right now, And I'll read The Maniac and I'm gonna read three more books. You're Writing a lot of checks. Five books that I don't know that your little buns are gonna cash. We'll see. Alright. Alright. Happy holidays. Happy Holidays. Love you. Love you.


Follow Armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Behind the closed doors of government offices and military compounds, there are hidden stories and buried secrets from the darkest corners of history, from covert experiments, pushing the boundaries of science to operations so secretive, they were barely whispered about each week, un redacted, declassified mysteries. We pull back the curtain on these hidden histories. 100% true in verifiable stories that expose the shadowy underbelly of power. Consider Operation Paperclip where former Nazi scientists were brought to America after World War ii, not as prisoners, but as assets to advance US intelligence during the Cold War. These aren't just old conspiracy theories. They're thoroughly investigated. Accounts that reveal the uncomfortable truths still shaping our world today. The stories are real. The secrets are shocking. Follow redacted, declassified mysteries with me. Luke Lamana on the Wondery app, or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app.