
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan Shepherd and I'm joined by Monica MAs. Hi. Hello. Our returning guest, he was phenomenal the first time he was here. He joined us for Christmas as well. He came by for Christmas. He's been, he's been around a few times. Josh Gad. What a party Josh is. Josh is a Tony Award nominated actor. He was in the Book of Mormon, which I got to see him in just lucky.


I feel very lucky about. So lucky He was in the Putnam County Spelling Bee. Yes. We get some backstory on that. Yeah. And then Frozen Pixels, the Wedding Ringer Beauty and the Beast. Oh, Gutenberg the musical too. That was recently. I saw that too. Yeah. He has a book out right now. It's very, very well done. A beautiful memoir called In Gad. We Trust. This is a really fun interview. It was at the apex of our terror. Keep that in mind. Yeah. Yeah. And we talk about it. We process it at the top. Yeah. There's some fire talk, but it's a really armchair episode 'cause it's funny. Josh is so funny. But also it's pretty deep.


We talk about his dad and a lot of and and his insecurities. Yeah. I don't know. I thought it was a really, And has all the stuff, Beautiful encapsulation of what we try to do here. Yeah. So it's great. I agree. Also, we have February Armchair anonymous prompts for folks who have great stories and want to chat with us on Zoom. Here are the February prompts live sporting event disasters. I hope to not be reporting one of those. Yeah. Proposals gone wrong. Yeah. I guess that could be a wider net than first meets the eye. 'cause you would think just wedding proposals, but there's like business proposals. Sure.


There's, yeah, there's proposals. So proposals gone wrong. Crazy 23 and Me, DNA testing stories. This is my popular demand. They All were. I wanna thank the arm cherries. I put out a post and said, what do you want to hear on Armchair Anonymous? And people really gave amazing prompts, so I appreciate that. Yes. Love to our own devices, we would do wild card nurses and Poop your Pants stories exclusively. Okay. And the fourth is at home. DIY project. Gone wrong. Yeah. Yeah. There's gotta be a lot of those. So please enjoy Josh gatt.


If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card and the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners, subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


We are supported by Squarespace. Maybe you've got dreams of turning your hobby into a side hustle this year, or finally opening an online store. Maybe you wanna share your knowledge with the world and make an online course. Squarespace is the perfect partner to take your website to the next level and help you accomplish your 2025 goals. No matter what type of site you want to build, Squarespace can help you make it. If you're starting an online store, Squarespace makes checkout seamless. Their flexible payment options, including credit cards, PayPal and Apple Pay, make it easy for your customers to check out. And Squarespace has all the tools you need to create and sell your own online course. Start with a layout that fits your brand. Upload videos and customize everything with next generation editing technology. Create engaging lessons your audience will love. Then add a paywall and set the price. Take what you know and turn it into income. We use Squarespace to make our lovely website. It's incredible and it functions. It's pretty, it's effective, it's efficient, And highly functional. Yes. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial, and when you're ready to get started, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dax to get started today.


You want a coffee, right? I always want a coffee. Do you remember what I like? You like Cold Brews? Ah, yes. You remember. You mean something to me. You mean something to me even though you don't have me over unless it's for work. But Isn't that true across the board for all of us? Yeah. It's kind of fair. 'cause I don't invite you over to my place. You've never invited me over. I've invited you over to albeit for work still it's in place. I don't Have a podcast. Well, didn't Fucking invite me over A chit chat. Okay. I can't talk. That's a no. Oh yes. It's been done. And you Could Yes. No, Back to work. Ideally, you get enough leverage at some point that really you just get to work with all your friends. Right? That's the apex goal. My goal is get enough leverage to just work with my friends and do it across the street from where I live and maybe Ideally in the backyard.


Now that is sort of like next level thinking. Okay. So Let's address the obvious context in which we record this. We had a guest who canceled. Well, we had two guests that canceled for reasons they could not avoid the LA fires. And so I called you as one of my friends. Yes. And conveniently you have a book out, so you do need to do some promotion. That's Convenient. Have we started, by the way? Oh Yeah. Don't you remember? A BR. Oh God. Always Be recording. Have you had the Titanic conversation? Like who are you on the Titanic? I'm Kathy Bates. Are we talking about the movie or are we talking about the real incident? The Movie, the Film. Well, which is based on a hundred percent reality.


I'm the unsinkable Molly Brown. Okay. I'm clearly playing a cello on the deck of the ship as it goes down. Right. I think you're the Billy Zane character. Wasn't he nodding? He was a bad one. He was The bad guy. Right. You seem like you could go either way as you spray whatever that is into your mouth. Nicotine spray. You saw I had the lozenges. I Like to think of myself as the little old lady who's looking for a necklace towards the end of her life. She's surviving. And then it's just like, if I have to die, so does the worth and value of this necklace. Yeah. I'm gonna take it with me. Yeah, I'm gonna throw that back in the ocean. Yeah. But yeah, so we're in a situation where a good part of the city is on fire, continues to be, I will say it's not at the peak of scariness.


They're Starting to contain a little more. A lot of help has arrived. There's a lot of airplanes on the scene now. Can I say three things really quickly? Yeah, absolutely. One, my heart breaks for every single person. It's horrifying. Who has lost their home? Right now? We know personally, 15 people who have lost everything. It is unthinkable what's happening. Entire zip codes are gone. Yeah, yeah. Our friends from the Pacific Palisades, their communities are wiped Out. It's like Dresden. Yeah. It's Raised completely. It is absolutely a war zone. Secondly, I have never seen on such a personal level, the kind of bravery, the kind of camaraderie and the kind of, we are not taking this sitting down attitude as the SoCal community has shown hosing down each other's homes.


We've been dropping items off at various shelters around town. They are rejecting. I know what we're dropping off because it is so full. And on top of that, we continue to donate. And I would encourage everyone who's listening right now, can we make a list available of the various places that people can make donations? You're looking at me as if I'm gonna make the list, do this, but I bet I can get the list made. I don't want to personally lie to you and commit that I'm gonna make the list, but I Want to publish it you to. I don't want her to have anything to do with it. See, That's why I refuse to lie to you even in these pressing Times. Okay. As long as you delegate. Yes. And then check it off. Because if there's any fake numbers on there, I'm gonna blame you If there's any bank routing numbers that go directly to your account.


Right. I'm gonna be pissed To primate C and I don't Do this a fourth time. So, and I want to say that whatever happens next is on Dax, how we rebound as a city. The final thing I wanna say is the firefighters. Oh my God. What Bad motherfuckers. I can't Believe it. I don't know that I've ever seen such fucking superheroes in real life. I know. Yeah. As these guys who are risking it all without giving a flying fuck about fires two inches away from them. Yeah. Yeah. I'm watching it like it's Sunday night football. These guys are so badass. Yes. They really are. The aerial stuff is what I'm blowing my mind at night in a mountain range, zero visibility, chinooks everything right on top of each other.


Flying in complete blindness and dropping it bullseye every time. It's blowing away the top gun flight sequences. It really Is. And I think that was their objective. They all watched Maverick before, Thank God for Tom Cruise. They flew out there and they said, let's make it look as cool as possible. All things are true. It's a tragedy of really unimaginable proportion until we saw it. Also, the folks that have trained to fight fires in the craziest situation, they're enthralled. They're doing the job, they've been training to do in the craziest circumstance. So I'm just imagining what it's like to be in the helicopter the whole time. It must be incredible to be able to put your skills of the test like that.


I Don't know if you've had this sensation watching them when they drop the fire retardant in the water, the red, the precision with which they do it. It is exhilarating because you're like, fucking save that whole community. Please. I know. And they're, they do it. They're doing it. And it seems unthinkable because you see these massive flames heading towards these communities. It looks unstoppable and they are stopping it. It's A war. And I have to admit, it's when I'm watching those harrowing drops many times I'm saying out loud by myself, watching downstairs. Fuck. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then at the same time, you think about the two little too late communities like the Palisades and like Pasadena.


And it is heartbreaking and devastating for those people who aren't on the ground in SoCal. Lemme tell you now it's gonna be years and we're gonna need all the help we can get. That's my sort of plea is we're in it right now and we're in triage mode and we're dropping stuff off and we're X, Y, and Z, which is all great. We need to be doing it, but we need to be doing it in a month, in two months, in a year. This is gonna be easy to forget, just like all natural disasters are. Right. But this is a long haul and it's gonna take a long time. I encourage people to keep an eye on us and keep donating. Yeah. And keep helping If you can. Of course. If You can in whatever way you can. Even the amount of people who have lost clothes. We were speaking to a family who lost their home and we said, do you need anything?


And they said, we don't have any clothes. And it's just little things that you don't even think about. You think about all the possessions. Yeah. It's actually in a way really nice to be here. I needed a little bit of a distraction from the chaos. Well, And I wanted to ask you, because I sensed just a hint of like there's some ethical dilemma about doing something like this. When you asked me to come today, I definitely hesitated. Yeah. And I posted about this the other day. I am doing everything I can. And none of it feels like enough. The reason I came on today was I was like, oh, we can start by talking about this. That is actually making me feel better about sitting across from such a piece of shit like you who continues to do podcasts in these kinds of situations.


Well, I think a knee jerk would be all these people are suffering and I'm gonna go do this thing that has really no value outside of just entertainment. And that feels like I shouldn't be having fun while my friends are suffering and dealing with loss. I think that's an obvious thing to contend with right out of the gates. But my thing is, me joining people in misery isn't a solution. A, it doesn't help them. It doesn't help me. I have a job and when I can do my job, I should do my job. Amen. All the other people are at their jobs. That's my takeaway. No one at seven 11 right now is going, do I feel guilty that I'm selling hot dogs right now? And people are suffering like, no, I'm at my job. 'cause I have a job. And that's my commitment.


So that's my own personal takeaway on it. It's a great point. This morning we actually had this conversation where I said to my wife, I'm gonna make a pot of coffee. And she said, why don't you go to Starbucks, get it. And I said, why go to Starbucks? I don't want to go outside with the air. She goes, because the community needs that right now. Restaurants need the support. There are so many people who are fleeing right now, and these places that aren't even in the line of fire are going to feel the effects of it. It is going to hurt everybody. Yeah. It's catastrophic. I'm also just coming off watching the Churchill four part documentary on Netflix. And you're watching what the folks in London did 57 nights, nights in a row of this. Have you ever read The Splendid and the Vile? That's Eric Larson.


Eric Larson, One of my favorite Office. Yes. I Unbelievable. Yes. We've had him on the show, Not to brag. Oh, Churchill. Yeah. Yep. Him too. Yeah. He was great. Posthumous, controversial, contr Churchill. But Yeah, you guys did like through Oui. How did you do Ai? We talked to the estate. See, that's the promise. There's a downside, but that's the Promise. Yeah. I can chat with Churchill. But you know, those people were waking up in a subway platform next to six kids. There was no bathrooms. And they went straight to work. Unbelievable. They stayed calm and they carried on. So people will have complaints about me working, but that's my own ethic, which is no, stay calm, carry On. It's a great point. And stiff upper lip is exactly what I think of when I think of the British people going through that period. And it is true.


We're unfortunately living through a period of post-apocalyptic situations. The reason I started writing my book that was inspired by telling the story of parenting in what feels like it's the end of the world. I have had two children and most of their lives have been defined by pandemics, by disaster, by sociopolitical upheaval. Yeah. You never stop and think about it. But we lived and we grew up in a period in which we had great ease. The world was a very peaceful place in the context of history. But Josh was it though? Yeah. It Wasn't Think about Sapiens. Have you guys read the book? Yes.


Yes. Anal. We've had a on. I know you've had him through ai. I wrote half of it. But you think about what you've all said, we are living in the greatest time of prosperity and peace in the history of mankind And lack of starvation and our handle on diseases. And really by all metrics what you're saying, which I also feel is objectively wrong. So yes, our tranquil eighties, our parents were freaked out by something much larger, which was you had Bay of Pigs. Nuclear Holocaust was on the table in a real way Before we were Born. No, 81. You were born in 81. He's not Even looking at any cards right Now. No. February 23rd. Whoa. 1981. Yes.


The show the day after was on NBC when you were five years old. That was a show about what do we do the day after the nuclear annihilation. Right. The greatest existential crisis of all time on Planned Earth was crescendoing when you were a little boy. I didn't remember it. You Weren't really aware of it. That's fair. And then prior to That's our parents, Vietnam and Kent State and shooting Students again before we were born. Yeah. I'm just saying our parents, Our parents definitely lived through a period of upheaval. The likes of which resonates with what we're going through today. Political leaders being assassinated, one after another, the world on the precipice of nuclear war. My parents hiding under their desks. That was not my experience in the peaceful and prosperity bubble that I lived in playing with GI Joe in H Hollywood In the 1980s and 1990s.


Right. Now that is not to say that everything was perfect, but it is certainly not to say that it wasn't better than what I'm raising my kids through right now, which is, climate change is an existential crisis. The world seems like it's on the brink of chaos on a daily basis. We had a first of its kind pandemic the first time in a century. We're doing this as half our city is on fire. I know. So it's that proximity to chaos. And that is not to say that areas of the world have an experienced Exactly this. Oh, they're interviewing last night. I'm watching on Kcal. You've got a family that just came here from Ukraine, escaping. That's it. Their apartment building burns down.


Oh, those people are going from war zone to war zone. Israel and pa, I mean all of That. Israel Palestine. It's happening on a global level. And it's not to say that there hasn't been places that have been directly affected by genocide, by starvation, by all sorts of crises during the past 40 years, but this period feels particularly dark. I just wanna push back and say it feels unique, but I actually think it's completely consistent with what happens on planet Earth. So when we are mallon Yeah. You had the Serbian, Croatia genocide with like a million and a half people and the kind of things they were doing to the people as they killed them, they really surpassed anything that's happening.


You think About Rwanda. Exactly. Rwanda. So it's been ever present. And I think the real thing to remember is it's a challenging place. There's 7 billion of us. A lot of shit goes wrong. A ton of stuff goes right. We're not unique and we gotta carry on and we gotta continue to make it a little bit better because this is status quo on planet earth. It just feels, it is because we're raising kids now. So we have a different lens than we would've had if even we went through the pandemic without kids we're like, oh, this is kind of cool. You drink all day and you hang out with friends and blah, blah blah. But now that we have kids, you're like, wow, they haven't seen other children for a year. That feels scary. So I just think our lens obviously changes because we have these little people we care about so much and we're turning this world over to them.


And we're a little scared, like, what are we turning over? That's a hundred percent true. And it's also, I think, frustrating that we don't learn from history. That when it comes to, for instance, geopolitical conflict, there are certain things outside of our control. The pandemic, for the most part was outside of anyone's control. This Fire is this. There's People outside of anyone's control. Yeah. There's all these people wanna be mad at the mayor, they wanna be mad at the governor. They wanna be mad. Like there's so many people that are trying to line up and blame this horrific thing on a single individual. It's like, gang Santa Ana wins. It's Wind. It is really, really hard for me to think about at a time like this, criticizing anyone. Do you see the Video that Karen Ambushing nuisance?


I saw it, But by the way, in the same way, I never hold DeSantis responsible for the destruction of hurricanes. I grew up in South Florida. I know the pain and the chaos of those events. I lived through Hurricane Andrew only so much you can do preventatively. And there's only so much you can do during the crisis. Really. Your job as a leader is what you do after what you do to speak calm to people during and then how you rebuild. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I know you were gonna say, see, you lived through, You lived through a hurricane. We just forgot. Yeah. And also nine 11 terrorism, like our memories are so short. Yeah. They're, and we do forget that we go through these horrible periods and we recover from those periods and then they come back.


You know, it is all temporary. It's Really hard. Are to Say right now you guys are, fuck you All, you never have back on your show. Don't dare say that. Front of Most treasure. Guess Sacrilegious. Well it's funny, I was thinking, I was reading your book this morning and you have the line in there, which is, comedy is tragedy plus time. And I was like, well, we're gonna engage without the benefit of time. Yeah. We've had polar on, we've had a lot different people who was like, some people's first week on Saturday Live was nine 15. People have had to decide whether or not they're gonna carry on. I remember that episode. That was Giuliani coming on. Oh, oh, problem. Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But them having the ethical dilemma, is it appropriate to be funny right now? And everyone gets to choose how they handle the stress.


And so I have a way of handling the stress and mine is through laughing. And all I would ask is like, if that's not your way of handling stress, that's cool. Do it however you want. But I don't think anyone can tell someone else what they're allowed to do to handle it. Amen. I promise you, if my house was engulfed in flames, I would be making a joke. 'cause I've done it. I'm making a joke when my dad's dying. This is how I process it for better. I was, that's how I process grief too. It's therapeutic and it's not appropriate for everyone, but it is how I'm wired. Yeah. And I've always been unapologetic about that. Yeah. My grandparents told me themselves that when they were in the Holocaust, a lot of how they got through their daily lives and being on the brink of death on a daily basis was by laughing.


If you can give yourself that little burst of happiness, it's a reminder that it's still possible on the other side. It's a great reminder. Like, oh yes. And I will laugh and I'll experience fun in levity For me. Everyone gets to do it their own way. Yeah. This has been great guys. Thank you so much. I'm glad we Did this. We processed it all for the nation because I couldn't get my therapist on the phone today. So this ended up being a good, because Their house was Burned down. Yeah. Because you no longer have a phone landline. I'm glad that you guys were here for me. Thank you. Where are you got, you're leaving though, right? You're deserting this town and it's time of need. Yeah. I, yes. With all that stuff you said so. So having said that, I think it's best to get out of here while to go and it's good.


No, we're sticking close right now. We have discussed leaving because of air quality. Yeah. We live on the west side, very close to the fires right now. We're talking about it. We're talking about, do we maybe go like an hour south or north just to get the kids to be able to go outside? I'm supposed to leave tomorrow for my book tour. Yes. That's what I meant. And And I was gonna cancel it. And to your point, my wife said absolutely not. How's That helping anybody If you Well That's what she said. She said, you are actually more of a burden if I'm evacuating than you are a help. And so I think it's best for our family If you leave, there you go. Yes. Go to New York where you're useful.


Yeah. Leave LA where you're burden for this family, you piece of shit. But also, I just wanna touch on one other thing. Yesterday I was like, I need to stay on my bike riding schedule. I have a New Year's resolution that I ride to the observatory twice a week. So yesterday I get out there and I start riding up the hill and the gates are closed to go up into Griffith Park, but I'm presuming for cars. And so I go around the gate and I get halfway up the thing and then some rangers roll down on a loudspeaker and they let me have it a little bit. And they're like, it's closed. And I go, oh yeah. To cars. And they're like, no, it's closed. There's no hiking. All that to say. I'm like, why can't I ride my bike, get home. And I realize, oh, all these motherfuckers there are arsonists out. Exactly.


You enforce. So they have no clue who is up in the hills. That's right. No. To start a Fire they've arrested too already. Yes. And by the way, you were probably like a prime suspect to them. 'cause you look Like a piece of shit. You look like a real piece of shit. You look like the guy from the Titanic who took all the A Zane again. Yeah, Billy Zane. But with beautiful hair. I do think it is tough because to go back to what I said at the beginning, I've seen such greatness and I've seen such beauty in this city. And I've also seen such ugliness. We're all here, the looting, the people fucking flying their drones and affecting planes from dropping water.


Fuck you. It's So fucked up. I know. And then the arsonists people fucking going around and lighting. That's my wildfires. My people setting their houses on fire. Yep. And so that part of it remains really heartbreaking, really frustrating. And this Is where we file into our, like our natural state. So yesterday Kristen is out. This is Kristen Bell. For those who don't know you're Co-star from the films. Ah Yes. That's where From Frozen one and two and hopefully three at some point. Yes. She's out doing the Lord's work with the children. And I'm selfishly taking a bike ride, but I'm also nonstop with my buddy Brandon from the LAPD. She's thinking about helping and I'm thinking, yeah, I can feel the energy. I was at the gas station late at night and a lot of the boys were out on dirt bikes and it felt like Detroit on devil's night.


I was like, yeah, the young men are gonna get into some shit. I get it. She's out helping. But I'm like, okay, we got some chance. I will have to defend the family at some point. And that's where my focus ends up. Me. Yeah. We all just kind of funnel into wherever. I don't have friends at the LAPD and now I feel like I should. You want some, would you like me to put you on a group text with Brandon in Dan? I, Yeah. If I see anything suspicious, I'd like someone official to reach out to. Yeah. It's also status right now. Yeah. Like it's really cool to be friends with a firefighter right now. Yeah. You have a direct number. I've got just three nine. One one. Nine one. Oh, I know. I just have the three numbers right now. I just have three numbers. Everyone has, It sounds like you're not gonna play it.


Super cool if I do give you as a number though. I'm telling you now I won't. Do You want a role play? I'm telling you now. It would be like putting me on a text chain with Harrison Ford. Hey bro. What kind of gun do you carry, Brandon? Did you port these potential hooligans? No, I just hit him up and I said, I was just at the gas station. The boys are out. He's also from Detroit. I'm like, it feels like Devil's night Detroit. And he goes, yeah, isn't it wild? You can feel it in the air. I'm like, yeah. It's like palpable. If you used to be a scumbag. I'm on that wavelength. I said, if I'm 21 and I'm broke, which I was and I'm drunk and I think, oh yeah, all these rich people's house burnt down.


They took a bunch of stuff. But probably there's a bunch of jewelry and stuff just sitting on the ground. Your mind starts wandering and I don't have anything. And they have everything. Even someone who's on the spectrum of dirt baggery, they could be midway through and convince themselves. You can just see people making the argument. Or at least I can see that happening. I think that there's a lot of people taking advantage of a horrible situation right now. They'll feel bad for it at 50. You will either eventually pay a price. Right? Exactly. Or you will eventually regret it. And it's horrible to take advantage of people in any situation who have already lost so much. Yeah. The pre on people who are victims is a rough look. But again, if you're penniless in the middle of nowhere and you're looking at multimillionaires, are you Planning on doing this tonight?


Sounds like you're, he's Talking it through in a way. You're really like starting to strategize this In a way. I'm saying I lying. If I couldn't understand the rationale, am I at risk for me? Are you like we're not, Not keeping an eye on The house. My house now. Well, I did notice you upgraded last time you were here. An Lexus 304 door sedan. Right? You're clocking the And now, now you're in an upgraded Lexus. SUV. That's a nice car. What Are you doing right now? I'm just feel very uncomfortable. I couldn't even tell you what my last car was. It was Black. Oh geez. Right. Yeah. And you parked it right over here. And we took a long look at it. 'cause I said, this is the car I'd put you in. It's so South Florida. That's right. I was like, this is your car. Do you feel like, when you look at my new car, do you understand why I'm driving in that one?


Or are you sort of like, this doesn't fit as well? I do understand it. First of all, I don't own any of 'em. But they're great cars. You can drive 'em for a million miles. I Love them. They get the job done. They're not flashy, but they're Comfortable. They're not flashy. But I'm gonna tell you this now, I've never been a car guy. I Know. I'm jealous of all of my friends who know every model and make of every car. And I can't do that. I've never operated like that. I look for a nice interior. That's Right. Yeah. In a quiet, soft ride. Great stereo. Yes. And it can get me from point A to point C Exterior colors. Immaterial. You probably don't care about that. No. I'm jealous that you have such a knowledge of cool cars. Really. I'd imagine what he's jealous of, and I don't wanna speak for you, you're jealous of my enthusiasm.


'cause I get This. I'm jealous of hobbyists in general. Right? Right. So If you have a knowledge of something niche or something specific, I am jealous because I love knowledge. I love to collect knowledge. I love people who know something so well that is very attractive to me. I'm expertise. I'm That's really cool to have great expertise. That's why I love your show. You collect knowledge for a living. This particular episode is making people stupider, but in General Oh no, no. When you had, We have got list of numbers. Remember we're gonna get, we got list of numbers that's Gonna, that I'm gonna delegate.


But what I love is that that's what you do. You invite people on this show who are experts in different areas. Oh, it's so great. It's the coolest thing. Are you gonna add my book to your bookshelf behind you? Absolutely. I wanted to start this episode. It's too late. But we've never started with a hard like this. And I wanted it to go Hi, if you're joining us, we're here with Josh Gad, author of Eng Gad. That just felt like something I never got to do. That's Such a PBS 1979. Yeah. As if the interviewer would be just finishing. Yeah. Ugh. What a book. If you're just joining us, we love that. We're Josh Gad author of In Gad We Trust. Do you think there was another world in which you were born maybe like 20 years earlier that you ended up on NPR?


Or do you think your career would've gone stern like before podcasts? I could answer it, but I don't trust what the answer would be. I think my soul and heart always wanted to be NPR. But I grew up in an area where toxic masculinity was the currency. I didn't have a dad and I was doing all the things. So I would like to believe, yes, I would've become Ira Glass. But the truth is I probably would've tried to be a knockoff Howard Stern. Right? Yeah. Not as good as Howard Stern. So I've just through many years, been able to finally pursue and embrace the person the little boy wanted to be. And not necessarily the agro dude that was sending a message to everyone. Not to try to hurt me. It's still there. Oh yeah. As someone who edits, I think it's more stern.


Yes. Than it is NPR in a great way. Who doesn't love Stern. But You know what's great about Stern too? I think like Dax Stern could have ended up easily on NPR. I think Stern has the capacity and the skillset to be equally riveting on NPR as he is. But he's choosing his authentic honesty over. Correct over. I love NPR. I don't wanna be disparaging, but that's more curated and certain is more Honest's. NPR has very wet mouths. Oh ew. When you listen to NPR, it's a very moist, don't be upset about it. It's an observation. But you know I'm right. Yeah. Yeah. There's like a, a quality that's very intimate and very wet. Yes. I admire.


They're like great comedians who they're pacing so slow and they're not scared. They talk so slow and monotone and they're not worried at all. They're losing people. In fact, the more boring is the more into it I am. Yes. But what I think you're highlighting, which is worth highlighting, is our heroes, they were Trojan horses. Letterman came with the promise of irreverent, provocative comedy. But what you stayed for and fell in love with is you were like, I think he's always smarter than the person he is talking to. Did You ever do Letterman? Yeah. He was the one host who always intimidated me. Oh, it's so Scary. Because you know, he's smarter. This was the same thing being on The Daily Show with John Stewart. When I had to sit and pitch something to John, I have never been more intimidated in my life.


That's so scary. Yeah. He scares me. He's the Smartest man in every room. And he just knows better than you know what's funny and what's gonna work and what is not gonna work. Yeah. And how to articulate it all. Yeah. And the delivery somehow he's confrontational without ever feeling like a bully. Yeah. He's magic. But Stern's the same thing. You come for him making fun of Ronnie making, but really it's the intelligence that keeps you there for a long time. And Conan Conan's so insanely smart. It's crazy. So he is making dumb, dumb jokes. But you know, there's this intelligence behind it. And I think for me, that's the appeal of all those guys. Yeah, I agree. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Quince when it comes to winter. Cozy is king for the ultimate cold weather necessities made from premium materials. You've gotta check out Quince. With Quince, you can treat yourself to true quality at an affordable price. Like something everyone needs in their closet. Quince, Mongolian cashmere sweaters, which start at just $50 for real cashmere. That's a great deal. Or their super soft fleece sweatpants, which are a major upgrade to those old sweats you've had forever. No matter what you're looking for. All Quince items are priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands. And they use premium fabrics and finishes for that high quality feel in every piece. I saw some of these items appear on a very, very trusted gift guide from a friend. Oh really? Yeah. The sweatpants are on there. People love the sweatpants and really great for travel. Yeah. I'm eyeing those sweatpants luxuriate in coziness without the luxury price tag. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for 365 day returns plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


We are supported by SKIMS. We love SKIMS here on the pod. Monica, you just got some goodies from SKIMS, right? I did. And in fact, I was just talking about this last night at a girl's dinner. We were talking about brass and I was really pushing SKIMS bras. Everyone who has them loves 'em. Yeah, You're always raving about them. They're Comfy. They couldn't be more comfortable. I'm told SKIMS has in incredible bras pretty much wearing one every day. Specifically the fits everybody. T-shirt bra is my absolute favorite. So If you are in need for a new bra, go for the fits everybody t-shirt bra, Shop SKIMS best intimates, including the fits everybody collection and more at SKIMS dot com and SKIMS stores. After you place your order, be sure to let them know we sent you select podcast in the survey and select our show in the dropdown menu that follows.


We are supported by Why nab? You put so much time and effort into earning money, you deserve to spend it without stress or second guessing. Y Nab spelled YNAB is a life-changing app that helps you do what you want with the money you have. With Y nab, you'll create a flexible plan for your money through the simple practice of giving every dollar a job, keeping you focused on the life you want. So you can cover your mortgage and fund your 401k without sacrificing dinners with friends or that long awaited trip to Greece. With YA, you'll stop wondering where your money goes and start deciding where it will take you. The average YA users saves $600 in their first two months and $6,000 in their first year. And 92% of users report feeling less money. Stress, since using YA Life is short, spend it well with YA arm. Cherries can claim an exclusive three month free trial with no credit card required at www.y.com/dax. That's y.com/dax.


So I went back, we're almost exactly at five years since you were here, here last time. Oh, is that right? Would you have Thought that? No, I don't think about the show very much. Sure, Yeah, of course. Why would You, I mean, I don't remember your, But to save your family's life. If I said, how long ago were you here? What answer would you have given? Oh man, I don't want to say goodbye to my family. I you better get this right. Yeah. I better get this right. I didn't do that. No, I think it is the perfect One. I This has become very ominous in this episode. Yeah. Five years. Yeah, that feels right. But I remember doing a guest spot or another appearance. You've done Christmas with us. That's what I did. And that was after. So that's why I feel like it hasn't been five years because you invited me like today as a last minute sort of, we need filler.


GA is good for filler episodes. No, no, no. You're run. No. Can I be honest with you? Just to alleviate any shadow talk you're having. Right. I said to my wife, I'm fucked. I don't really know what to do. We had two episodes that were going to easily come out 'cause I was gonna record 'em on Thursday and I don't know what to do. I'm like, who's in town and who would he even be willing? So we start thinking and then I walk by on our kitchen table, your book is sitting. And I go, well fuck Gads gotta be promoting this book. Call him. It wasn't, let's go to the end of the list. It was like, God gad set this book on my fucking dining room table. And I was like, oh duh. He's got a book for mom. He should be in any Anyways. So was it pre pandemic? Yeah. February 20.


Oh Lord. Yeah. It was right before your birthday. Oh my God. Right before the pandemic hit and right in the middle of a fire. Can't wait to see you when the dinosaurs come out in the ocean. It's, I was gonna say, ling up people. I'm really concerned about my third appearance on the show. I don't know where Numbers gonna be. Life from the set of hell. Here's Josh. Get from The balls of hell. Can I tell you what I love about you? You are so fast and witty and fun. And I am, I don't wanna label it competitive, but I'm not gonna let someone operate at 120 miles an hour while I'm next to them going 60. It's just not in my nature. Right. That's why you case their cars. That's why you know everything you need to know about them so you can hurt them if they try You.


You think so fast. And you're so funny that it brings out the best side of me, but I'm not an expert in anything. That's Not true. True. Am I This whole fucking forensic NFL bullshit I was Learning about. Isn't that crazy? What a nerdy, like I'm reading words I've never read before. Like I talk about in my book, I thought it was the chopping up of dead bodies for investigative purposes. And instead it's actually a thing that high schoolers do, which is another word for speech and debate. And so I'll get stopped today. Not today. 'cause Today we're in the middle of something. There's Bigger fish to fry Today. Yeah. But maybe next month again, people will be willing to come up to me and say, I know you from high school, but people watch my high school videos from speech and debate and forensics.


Whoa. Well You're a three time national champ. Three time National champ. You have more respect for me than you've ever had I, because she's a two time national. Are you real state? I'm a two time state champ. Cheerleading. No, I never did that. Yeah. Competition cheerly, but But it's in your list of of things. I understand how hard it is to do Cheerleading. No. Just winning anything at that level. Yes. When you're in high school. So I didn't make the cheer team, But you tried Multiple times In his book. He lays out the options for a high schooler and he is like, okay, the jocks are the athletes. Not gonna happen. Pretty accurate. Right? Cheerleading. I just don't fit in the outfits you said. Yeah. And then model un insufferable and then you get to forensics. Yeah. And so like I fit that group 'cause it's got a performative element to it.


Never learned how to play chess still to this day. Don't know how to play chess. I would've been the kind of guy that played chess, but nobody taught me how. Sure. This is what not having a father around does is you don't learn things like love of cars, how to play chess. I missed all of that. So I was like, oh, speech and debate. That feels like something I can do. A lot of how I fell into this was through that world. The performance. Well that's, that's another thing that not having a father around will do. It will make you a performer and a comedian. A Hundred percent. It Really will. I'm so glad that you start the book and the way you do. First of all, it's very, very well written. Did you write it? No chat. GPT. Okay. Everything. God, they got your voice. They're really good. They really do. They have it down.


It's really, really well written. But you start with your personal story, which of course starts with your parents. And we touched on it last time, but your dad's almost out of a movie. Tell people about where your dad came from. We've had this conversation, but every time it surprises you. Well, the Columbia part was new to me. The Emerald Trade. It is out of a movie. My dad was a Jew born in Afghanistan, which Was maybe their third or fourth stock. Correct. They were nomads. You can actually trace my lineage back to one of the original tribes of Israel, the Gad tribe. They were just going from place to place and being told, no, you are not welcome here. And surprisingly Afghanistan, which seems like a great place for Jews, turned out Not to. Yeah. So I always think if I was Jewish, it's the next stop.


My father got into precious jewels along with his brothers in Israel. In Israel. They Then moved to Israel when he's 12 and he learns to cut diamonds there. When You're 12 years old. That's a great, great way to make a living. Yeah. And so by day he was doing that. And by night he was a bodybuilder. Not what I'm expecting. No. And I have a picture in there. I think of my dad just ripped. I mean he looked like Venice Beach Schwarzenegger really crazy. That's who we talked about last time. That's Right. He looks like Kumail. His Body had just been unveiled five years ago. Right From Marvel. He looked like Marvel era Kumail. Does Kumail still look like my dad? Yeah. Yeah. I've been texting with non nonstop about our bodies. Yes. He's my only outlet to send shirtless photos of myself anywhere Really?


Because I can't send them to women. Do you think Kamel would welcome me? Sending him shirtless pictures Of myself? He'd love it. We'd love the mail form. Alright. I'm gonna send him you shit. No Contact. I'm giving you Brandon's number from the L lap PD and then Kamal's you. That's All a chase. Oh my God. The buddy would be like, get me the fuck off this chain. So anyway, my dad and his brothers end up moving to the United States and they decide to start an emerald business. My father moves to Columbia. They own emerald mines in the Eighties at the peak of Pablo Escobar. I remember traveling to Columbia at the age of four. And I just remember seeing armed people all around my father and just Uzi like Yeah, yeah.


Automatic weapons, not even semis. And just thinking to myself, wait, is this what everyone's dad does? I was so confused. All my friends' fathers were doctors or lawyers in South Florida. And my dad was literally in the middle of the jungles of Columbia surrounded by dangerous people. He was always a larger than life guy when I was growing up. My parents got divorced when I was six. And I talk about my relationship after that. But what I also talk about in the book, which we've never spoken about, was I haven't seen my dad in about 20 years. And I got a call one day while I'm doing Gutenberg, which you were so gracious enough to come to you. Yeah. So much fun.


And my dad is in New Jersey and he says, I'd love to come see your show. This is like a couple years ago. This is last year. Oh my God. And I said, okay. I think he's on his third or fourth family now. And I said, come alone. I'll send a car for you and why don't you stay the night? Wow. That's nice. And I was very anxious about it. And he comes to the theater. I am looking for him in the audience. I don't see him. Are you Like eight years old? A hundred percent. It's Halloween night. Andrew and I after the show decide to dress up as the mommy dearest characters. He's the Faye Donaway character. I'm the daughter. Is he holding a coat hanger?


Yeah. And I look at Andrew after the show and I said, I need you to come with me. I'm very nervous. Yeah. About this. So we go out both dressed as women. My father's never seen me on stage in my life. Wow. Even as a kid. He was not the dad who came to my shows. Right. So this is the first time my father's ever seen me on stage. I come out and I see a man that I know immediately and yet don't recognize at all. It was both exhilarating and really painful. I didn't know what to say. I didn't know how to interact. He looked frailer than I remember.


Well, he's pretty old, Right? He's in his late seventies. But the gregarious person that I am, that's from my father. Yeah. I think about my dad as this invincible figure. A force of nature. And he's not that. So Andrew is amazing, sort of helping me navigate it. I get in the car with my dad. He's hard of hearing English's, his like third language. So he's repeating to me that he was telling everybody that he was sitting next to that I'm his son. And he was so proud. But also I could tell he understood none of the fucking jokes in the show and just saw everyone laughing. And so started laughing with him. Great Show for him. It's almost Cirque de so light.


You could not speak English and very much understand what is happening. Just Unbridled chaos. Yes. Yeah. We go back to my place and I order us some sandwiches and I realize that like I'm the father. Yeah, of course. Yes. In this situation. Well, you've always been really, we start talking. He starts telling me about his life. It's incredibly awkward at first and then incredibly easy. And then I start to fall back into like being a kid again. I don't know how to describe it. I start to feel like I am in my 8-year-old body and I'm talking to this man who approximates my father.


And I can also tell that there's extreme memory loss going on from him. Could you sense this was a mission of repair or just curiosity? I think it was neither of those things. I think it was my son's in New York. I'm here. I'd like to see him and we'll go from there. As simple as that. Yeah. There's no question in my mind that my father loves me dearly what he did to me. And my family doesn't support that. Oh, I, yeah. But he has never not expressed his own form and his own idea of love. So we're sitting there, we're talking, and it starts to become very apparent to me that he's lost everything.


He's living on welfare. Wow. 'cause he was a kind of high roller. He Owned, I think the largest producing mind in Columbia had he held onto that, we would've been billionaires. Wow. Right, right, right. And lost it all as there always is. He and his partners fucked each other and all paid the price. So I'm sitting there and this guy who I always was like, oh my God, he's invincible. Is now like Al Pacino and Godfather three. Yeah. The next morning I hug him. I get him a car and I give him his jacket and he goes, what's that? And I said, it's your jacket. And he goes, it's not my jacket. And I go, that's your jacket dad. He goes, it's not my jacket.


And then I put it on him and I say, this is the jacket you came in. And it occurs to me, perhaps this is the last time A my father recognizes me. He's not the kind of guy who will go to a doctor. And it seems to me like there's something debilitating going on and I love him. And so I wish he would. But I'm also having this moment of going, is this where this journey ends for us? And if it does, I'm so grateful I had this, I lied to my mom. I didn't tell her that I saw him. That's a pattern because I think one of the meanest things he did to you without probably any awareness that it was mean. He's left when Josh is a kid. Josh has no idea why they got divorced. Mom throws him out. And then when he is eight, two years later, he invites him to the Sheridan.


By the way, that was the place when we were kids. Oh, it was, do you remember the Sheridan? Of course. My mom took us there to tell us she was divorcing my third dad. Why is that? That was like the four seasons for us. Yeah. So you get invited to the Sheridan And he says, surprise. And introduces me to his mistress and their son from Columbia. Okay. My dad had another family. I didn't know what to do with that. And I made, I start spiraling. And he swears you to secrecy. This is the cruelty that he probably wasn't even aware of. He was oblivious. My dad doesn't operate in familiar ways that we understand responsible parents. And I'm grateful for that because man, did it fucking teach me how to be a great parent? Yeah.


I'm sure you have the same sort of experience of learning from mistakes and vowing to never fucking repeat those mistakes. Yeah. Can I share one part of my story Please. Because please. I happened to be writing about it just recently. Even at a young age, I was a little skeptical. So I would go to his house on the weekends and he was so loving. That's a gift I had. He was so affectionate for a dad in the eighties. He hugged us and kissed us and snuggled us. My God. And showered us in love. And he wasn't around. So there's this like huge disconnect from like what I would feel in that moment. But then the actions afterwards never matched it. And it just created this huge dissonance where I'm like, what is this? I appear to be the most important thing in the world.


And then I don't see him for three weeks and he doesn't show up for my brother's field hockey games. We all know it's very important to my brother. And also how's he living this kind of rich lifestyle? And we're fucking dead broke. How's that happening? So there's all this really just confusing. How do I compute the messages versus the actions? The Exact same story, except my dad would go months at a time and would live in another country, right. With one of his many other, you know, fuck buddies. It makes love so confusing for the rest of your life, I assume A hundred percent. Who's to say what's real and what's not real? But then that's the question you live with forever. What is real? I Vividly remember sitting at the window in my home in Hollywood, Florida, waiting for my father to show up on countless nights where he never came.


And my mom knew he wasn't gonna come. And he would tell me he was coming and I believed he was coming and then he wouldn't show up. And I talk about this in my book too, which is the sort of the kismet of my Disney journey is the one place my father would always take me when I was growing up was Disney World. Wow. And so Disney World became a symbol of my relationship with my father and Disney escapism became the salve that was healing. Any sort of absence that I felt in my life. I also think it sets you up for this pattern you then replicate in life where it's just like high slows. High slows.


Right, exactly. 'cause the dads are always winning you back over. They feel bad now whether they're consciously aware of it or subconsciously. But yeah, when they have you, they're putting on this incredible show and they're gonna make up for all this time. So it's like you get pretty used to these insane spikes of love bombs and then nothing Disappearance For me. It can kind of fuck up all relationships going forward. 'cause it's like this is the pattern of love. Yeah, it can. It had the opposite effect on me and my brothers. I have such an incredible mother. My mom was so badass and despite the emotional shrapnel that I felt as a result of her divorce, and I've had to heal and talk to her about that and forgive that because I didn't understand at the time that her mood swings and her anger and my brothers having moved to college.


I was the only one in the house who was absorbing that. And that was scary and that was lonely and the birth of comedy big time. And it was a birth of comedy because as a result of her pain and her depression, I somehow found this weapon where I was able to make her laugh. And I was like, that's something. And tapping into that and then making that a career came from the seeds of that despair as it often does, I would imagine. But that was hard. When you were choosing to honor your dad's request to keep the other family secret, was that out of loyalty to him? Or were you afraid of how that would make your mom feel to know?


A hundred percent. The latter. The Latter, right? You're responsible for mom's mood as a little boy. You're protecting her feelings from finding out about the other family. There's a lot of adulting going on. I grew up too fast and I didn't grow up enough. I'm jealous of my friends who had both parents till they were 18 at least. And then a later divorce I think is sometimes maybe better, sometimes maybe worse. For me, it was very different experience than it was for my brothers. My brothers were 10 and eight years older and they got the family journey. Mine was ripped away at six. You don't have the skills to process that.


And so I became very destructive. I would lie constantly to my mom. I was doing horribly in school. It is almost impossible to flunk first grade. I was getting Fs and Ds. Where's Your regulating with food enters the picture. That's When I started to balloon. And I was also actually physically destructive. I remember a day where I took something in the back of my mom's car, the little cigarette things that you would push down. And I started burning holes in the back of her car and my mom could not figure out what the fuck was going on with me. And it was this absolute burden on my shoulders of having to keep this secret and lashing out because I didn't know what else to do.


And my mom finally sat down and said, something's gotta change. Got me to speak to a therapist. I was able to finally unburden this secret, was able to finally find some sort of path for myself to navigate my own very difficult emotions and then was able to overcome all of the chaos. And did the therapist tell you it was okay for you to tell your mom? The therapist did. This was a period where I only wanted to sleep in my mom's room. I was afraid to sleep by myself. There was so much shit going on. So I had one therapist who told my mom to lock me in my room. Oh boy. And my mom, God bless her's. Like, you're out of your fucking mind.


Yeah, let's switch. And then I found this incredible woman who was able to talk to me as a child and was able to get to why was I feeling so scared? I had this enormous fear of death. I was constantly afraid of dying. I was constantly afraid of loss. And once I had a grasp on that, I was then able to take all of that and start to focus my energies on performance. And so my mom found this local children's theater called the Hollywood Playoffs for the Performing Arts Sign me up. And that changed my life, especially being overweight. I've found that the greatest superpower I had was making fun of myself and using that self-deprecation to win people over.


And so I also parlayed into popularity. I became class president. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I became sort of a king in high school. Yeah. And I didn't fit the sort of physical bill of what that usually looks like. Well it makes it even that much better. Funny is funny. Yeah. And it attracts people. And I suddenly was like, okay, this is my high. This is what I'm going to lean into. Cut to me going to Carnegie Mellon drama for some reason. Well, but really quick. You're crushing your AP classes, you're the class president, you're a three time champion. You apply to Northwestern. In fact, eight of you from your school apply. And then you're gonna go to Julliard or you apply to Julliard and then you get rejected from Northwestern and you're like, oh, I can't wait to go commiserate with these other seven dipshits who certainly didn't get in all, all of them got.


Oh no. Last of 99. All got in except for me. I love these reality checks every now and then. Just when you're, you're certain you're the king. I'm confused though. 'cause in the book you go and you audition for Julliard and it seems you got in, but then you went to Carnegie Mellon. I did not get into Julliard. Oh You didn't? I had the worst audition of my life. But you said I Trojan Horse my way Into Carnegie Mellon. Sorry. Tell me about Julliard. Julliard. I go in there and I am bullish. I'm like, I got this After you didn't get it to Northwestern. Wow. Well, Northwestern is all about grades and SAT. Yeah. It's at the time I had gotten like a 1350 on my SAT. It's not bad. So I was thinking like, oh, I'm shooing. But like all my friends had got 1400 or above.


Oh. So Northwestern was out of the picture and I'm like, well it doesn't matter. My backup Julliard, it's all about like the audition. So I go in there and I do Marty by Pat Chasky. That was the piece that I had gotten third place in my sophomore year of high school school, Nashville. This also a beautiful story. You know, someone forces you to do drama basically. Correct. For the first time. And you do it and you fall in love with that as well. So I do it and I'm thinking to myself, I'm fucking killing this. I describe the three people auditioning me as like the ring RAs of Lord Saron. It is really, truly hooded. Kind of like oh boy figures who are not willing to express at all. I admire the lack of people pleasing.


Oh yeah. Can you imagine just watching something and saying nothing and, But you have to think about this. These are also the same people at that time who had Kevin Klein and Robin Williams and all of the greats come through. So I don't fucking care about like who I am. They also get a high off of being so Stoic. A hundred percent. So their stoicism absolutely gets to me. And then Michael Kahn, who's running it, goes, do you have anything else you want to do for us today? And I said, you have a classical piece. And I do something from Henry eight. And I forgot all of the words. Oopsie and start improv.


Oh God. In I ambi Penta to a man who literally is responsible for not only Julliard, but a Shakespeare festival in Washington DC Oh. And so I'm sweating. I look at them after I finish and I go, I will see myself out. Good luck with Julliard. And I go outside and I start crying. And I look at my mom and I go, I don't know what I'm gonna do. And I'll never forget, we were walking through Central Park and as we crossed the threshold into the park, it started snowing. And for some reason I was like, I think it's gonna be okay. And then I applied to Carnegie Mellon and was feeling the weight of all the rejections I saw that I could apply as a director.


And when you apply as a director, you have to do an audition for some reason to sort of communicate that you understand an actor's journey as a director. So I come and I do this audition and the guy who runs Greg Lehane goes, huh, are you sure you want to be a director? And I said, why? What are you thinking? Yeah, good answer. And he's like, well, I'd like to share this with my acting colleague, Tony McCain. So Tony comes in and watches and he goes, you want to direct? And I said, I guess I could be convinced to act. I love directing, but I don't know. So I completely Trojan Horse my way to see it.


Wow. And then tried to Trojan Horse my way into musical theater. That's where they drew the line. And my class was crazy. It was Leslie Odom Jr. Josh Groin. Wow. Royal O'Malley. So that is how I ended up there. Also, what's a conservatory? So Conservatory is basically like Hogwarts for drama. Kids. You Don't have to do shit other than Act. Right. You just act. In fact, I was desperate. Here's again, my absolute jealousy of expertise was I wanted more academia. Ah. And I didn't get more academia. I got movement class 1, 2, 3, and four.


I got voice class 1, 2, 3, 4. You basically had to take seven to 10 classes that were academic in nature during the duration of your studies. Wow. Wow. And that wasn't enough for me. I'm more jealous of the liberal arts general. Yeah. Mind expanding, understanding. I definitely would never trade in my experience. But I did miss out on a fuller body of learning. But I think the group that went sounds so fun. 'cause you describe a night, it was a three story dormitory and there's a party and you drink a half a fit of tequila, and then you piss your jeans. And then you take a 20 minute nap, have A threesome, regroup, Go to the first floor, hookup with someone, go to the third floor, hookup with someone, and then make love to someone on the second floor.


Yeah. It was fun. Crazy. All on the same night. And you say it's not 'cause of your prowess. It's not because of my prowess. It's because I was the only straight person in my class Blessing. And so it was just a fuck fest. And and you know, I lost a hundred pounds in college. I substituted my food addiction for sex and alcohol. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so that just became the chaos of that period for me. I'm imagining from your high school experience to this experience, I don't know how on earth one would resist that. It was a complete body transformation. Yeah. I dyed my hair blonde. Sure. We're gonna need a pick. I will show you a pic. I lost myself a little bit. Yeah, yeah.


By the way, I think you should. That's what college is about. No, no, no. In a bad way. Yeah. Yeah. But I think you should lose yourself in A bad way. So I started to get extreme anxiety. I was being looked at in a different way. And I didn't know how to handle that attention. And I also didn't know this was me as a blonde. Wow. Oh, we gotta show the cam Baby. Yeah. This guy lives for three ways. This Is wow. And okay, so you, the listeners, you still have the dark eyebrows. Eyebrows. Yeah. But The hair is quite blonde. Yeah. Here's platinum blonde. Fuck. Yes. So I felt like a stranger in my body. I was not used to being attractive. I was not used to being sought after.


I didn't know how to operate in that body. And I also didn't know how to play the roles in that body. Okay. Josh, really quick. This is why I'm saying it's a blessing that happened to you then. Because I've brought this up many times on here. It's a trope in Hollywood. A lot of people end up getting enormous amounts of status and that wasn't their experience all growing up. And they don't really know how to handle it. And I've seen it most often lead to this bizarre version of misogyny. It's like these dudes have all these women that like 'em and they don't really trust it and they kind of hate them for it. And why don't you like me when I'm younger? I mean, I've seen that pattern materialize a bunch of times for people who got that attention and status. Like you've all late in life. Like you've all, I don't even know why I didn't say 'em by name, name. We're all thinking it. You've alsos husband is gorgeous.


So way. Yeah. He joins him when he comes. But you've also's always been sad. But I think like had you not had that thing, then you would've had an opportunity to do it later. It's true. Why does that result in anxiety? Just 'cause you're very disconnected, your identity's kind of fractured. I felt like a visitor in my body. I felt like an alien taking over another person's body. Yeah. I don't know how to describe it. I had my eyes, I had my ears, I had my voice, but it was not me. I was playing a character. Yeah. Yeah. Cool guy. Character. And by the way, I think it's why I continue to struggle with weight at this point in my life, because I really didn't know how to be that guy. Now for health. I wanna lose weight and desperately trying to. But that was really, really strange.


Yeah. This is something I also wanna bring up, and I don't know how to tiptoe around it, but I'm just gonna be dead honest. I was just thinking of you on my trip to Mexico City. So I'm with somebody who's on a version of a GLP one who's loving it. He more often is telling me like, it's so weird to see this stuff and not have that poll I normally have. Yeah. If you listen to our first episode, we do 20 minutes on what the perfect day of eating would be from your point of view, what you would start the day with. We got general chow's chickens in there. We got everything bagel, we went through the whole thing. You're gonna finish the night with sushi, but it'll be a lot of tempura. And hearing the amount of joy you get from that. I literally thought in my head, I wonder if there'll be people when GLP ones are virtually over the counter if they'll choose not to do that.


Because so much of the joy in their life is that they don't want that relationship where it's not appealing. I'm on a GLP one. Has it limited your joy at all? It has suppressed in a great way. That noise, when I wake up, I feel hunger pains. And so much of that is psychological, right? Yeah. Right. And what this does is it takes away that signal. Yeah. It's even working on addicts. It is a miracle Drug. It truly is. Yeah. Yeah. I was on a different drug that caused me diverticulitis. Okay. No good. And I Had lost 40 pounds. I was really bummed out because it was working in incredibly for me, and I had to switch. I'm figuring out this new one. And it is life changing, but it also doesn't negate the fact that it can't be in the place of having a healthy relationship with food.


And it can't be in the place of having a healthy relationship with exercise. Well, Would it be fair to say it's treating the symptom? It is Treating the, and by the way, this is the first time I've opened up about this. Oh, okay. And I didn't mean to put you on that spot. No, no. I'm actually really happy that I'm opening about this because I am having my own journey with it. Sure. Sometimes I feel like I'm cheating myself by doing this. You shouldn't. And I know a lot of people who aren't overweight like I am, who are taking it, and I feel like, okay, I should be able to do this because I need it for help. Yeah. Someone's shaving off the last three pounds, which Is I think becoming ubiquitous now. It's, yeah. Yeah. How do you feel about that? I'm not one to pass judgment to each their own. I think that the problem becomes when it prevents others who need it medically, like myself from getting it, that's where I get upset.


Stay tuned for more armchair experts, If you dare.


We are supported by acorns. Acorns makes it easy to start automatically saving and investing for you, your kids, and your retirement. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got right now. That could be just $5 a day or even your spare change. Speaking of Acorns, did you know squirrels are nature's greatest investors? They spend a huge chunk of their life stashing away acorns for a rainy day. And when they inevitably lose track of a bunch of their hidden seeds, some of those acorns grow into oak trees. It's living proof that anyone can be a great investor. You've gotta give those acorns a chance to grow. I think about investing all the time. It's very important to me. With Acorns, you don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that fits you and your money goals. Sign up now and join the 13 million all time customers who have already saved and invested over $22 billion. With Acorns Plus Acorns will boost your new account with a $20 bonus investment offer available@acorns.com slash dax. That's A-C-O-R-N s.com/dx to get your $20 bonus investment today. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LLL, C an SEC, registered investment advisor view. Important disclosures@acorns.com slash d.


We are supported by Lenovo and Intel. If your computer could use an upgrade, we've got your solution. Lenovo and Intel have joined forces to engineer the best laptops in the industry. Cool, quiet, thin and powerful. Lenovo Aura Edition. A IPC's boast best in class battery life and astonishing graphics. They've thought of everything so you can focus on things that you actually want to do. Working in a Cafe Shield mode guards your privacy. Taking a meeting collaboration mode optimizes your camera. They also have a smart share feature, which lets you transfer photos from your phone to the Lenovo Aura edition PC with a simple tap. No more waiting for uploads. You'll get that photo on your computer in seconds. How cool is that? And If you need support, they offer smart care. Elite support teams will help rapidly resolve any issues. And they're available 24 7, 365 days a year. Whatever you want to create, it's possible on your Intel a I pc. Learn more about Lenovo Aura edition a IPCs at lenovo.com/aura.


We are supported by Liquid iv. New Year's resolutions are often about creating new rituals for yourself minus sprinting this year. Yeah, that's a good one. I'm starting to journal more. Journaling, sprinting, take your pick. No matter what your goals, you can enhance them with the support of Liquid iv. It's an easy ritual to start that is scientifically proven to replace necessary nutrients lost from everyday dehydration. Just tear, pour, and enjoy. Liquid IV has delicious true to fruit flavors to keep you hydrated. Like acai berry, lemon, lime, and pina colada. They even have sugar-free flavors like raspberry lemonade and white peach. I love that pina colada. It is so delish. I love electrolytes. We all know this. Yeah. This is tried and true. That's your religion. Break the mold and own your ritual. Just one stick plus 60 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. So embrace your ritual with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code Dax at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code dax@liquidiv.com.


Yeah. I like to evaluate it in a world where it's completely ubiquitous and it's available. I think that's where you need to place this theoretical thought process when you're gonna decide if you're judgemental, because I don't give a fuck if anyone does anything like that that's safe and doesn't have many side effects that makes them feel better. I don't know why I wouldn't want that for Somebody. Would you judge someone for taking suppressants for nicotine? Would you judge someone for taking antidepressants for anxiety? No. This is medication. It's treating a disease. I'm not saying everyone should be on it, but for the people I know who are on it, it's making their life a lot better. Yes. Why would I not want that for them? My wife is not thrilled that I take it Because she's worried you're not gonna confront the core thing that's driving.


Correct. Yeah. Correct. But again, that's position is binary. It's either or. It's like either you choose this route or you choose to confront. Obviously you can do both. Yeah. Or I divorce her. That's right. Third option. Well, we'll see. Seems Like you'd need her if she gets outta the F fire and You can't. That's the thing. Yeah. Right now I need her This week. Yeah, unfortunately. And then we'll go from there. This is not your wife, but I can easily see a hypothetical where someone fell in love with someone that was larger and there is perhaps some shadow in their mind that says, well, I wonder if they had all the options, if they would've still picked me. And now they're gonna be thin and they're gonna have all the options. And there's fear behind that. I mean, I think that that's fair.


Some people hate that when their partner becomes a gym rat and they're in great shape, they're like scared all of a sudden. Yeah. That they won't be enough. I think that that's very fair. At the end of the day, my wife is so much hotter than me. You're like, she's Not worried. I should be more concerned about like Her. Yeah. There's no version of you that still wouldn't be dying to be with her. No. Another Generous take on that is that they're worried that their identity will shift. Yeah. Completely. Yours did. As you're saying, I've always been the funny fat guy. Can't I be the funny skinny guy? Right. Can I be the hot leading man? I know I could be those things. I don't know that people would accept me as those things. And that's always really hard. We get typecast, we do a thing, and people see us as that thing. And I've been very blessed that I continue to challenge myself to not be typecast, to do things that nobody expects.


Yeah. Listen Josh, I would honor this fear. If I thought you were a one trick pony who fell through tables as their main deal, you're like a crazy good, dramatic actor. You're a improv genius. You sing like a motherfucker. Olaf is you all blessings to all the writing. But that creation is Josh Gad. Like that fear for you should be nowhere in sight. Thank you. I also think I have a healthier relationship with my brain than I did back then. Yeah. Yeah. And so now I think, you know, as I go on this journey of weight loss, I am not as worried about that because my primary goal is I wanna be there for my kids. Everything else is bullshit. You also make your own shit.


That's part of your genius. You do your own thing. So no one can take that from you. You'll keep doing your own thing. I appreciate that. At the very least you have that. I'll do more of this exactly. More of your podcast. You can come on. But I Don't get paid for this too. I once every Friday. I actually am going to give you $100 for coming in last minute. Yeah. I already planned on it. I put my billfold in my pocket. Is it in cash? It's in cash. It's old fashion. So I don't need to write it off, but now I do because it's on record. But then you'll say, you gave it back to me after and it was just a bit Oh, smart. But really you'll be fucking blowing a hole in that, hun. On your way home. You come up with so many trinkets here, wife. That's how the IRS takes me down 'cause of this $100 that was promised to me on this bullshit.


No, but I can gift you up to $18,000 tax free. I'll take It. Yeah. So tell me about the gap between graduating from CMU and then I guess it would be Putnam. I was singularly focused on one thing. I wanted to be on Saturday Night Live. That's all I wanted in my fucking fragile little brain. I somehow thought going to Carnegie Mellon drama was enough to audition, fast pass and be accepted. I'm not sure what I was thinking, but I started immediately out of college putting together a reel for SNL. I got Ron Howard to open the video.


He said live from Josh's VCR. Oh My God. How'd you get that done? Bryce S Howard is my best friend. Oh. Because she married my actual best friend Seth Gable from when I was four. Oh. And so she let me borrow her father, who was very willing to help me out. And it was incredible. It did not, Our job didn't open the door. She's on it might. So I kept sending in tapes for like three years. Didn't get on. Signed up for the Groundlings. Did that for two years. You did that For two Years. I did the first two classes. They didn't accept me into the third level. And then I start to get little jobs here and there I am sort of at the breaking point. And I talked about this on my last time, so I'm not gonna revisit all of this, but I basically am like, I'm quitting acting.


I'm not making money. I had met my then girlfriend, now wife, and I was like, I need to become a lawyer. So I started applying to law schools. My mom, as you know, already basically is like, you're a fucking coward If you do that. I audition for this show called 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee. And I get it. But I got the San Francisco version and I don't know what I'm thinking 'cause I have no work, but I turn it down. Oh wow. They are done with me. They're fucking furious. And somehow I find out they're, they're replacing Dan Fogler, the Tony Award winner for the show. And I get them to give me another chance. But they're like not having it. I go in, I do, my audition goes fine.


I then do the music audition goes fine. I do the dance audition. It's an unmitigated disaster. This is, I look like a fucking beached whale learning to swim. Oh God. Again. And then I somehow get a phone call that I'm supposed to go to the theater that night. I go to this callback. It's me and this other guy, Jordan, who's on Broadway doing Avenue Q. I have nothing on my resume. I have one episode of ER and I have You were the ground summarily released from the ground lease and you were stud in college. Yeah. And I fuck a lot, dude. It's out of necessity. First Floor, second floor, third floor, Every elevator. We didn't even have a fucking smoke Outta the police.


So this guy goes first, he's out there for like 10 minutes. I come out, I see 30 people who are all sitting in the circle in the square theater. They're all directors, producers, investors. I crack a joke. I start my scene. I get a minute and a half in. And the director James ine and I talk about this in the book, says, Josh, can I see you up here for a second? All of Your teachers sound like Bill Hoffman. Oh, Philip Seymour. Philip Seymour Hoffman. We've established this. I do one impression. It's Phil Hoffman. Everything else derived from that. Yeah. Josh, can I, I want to talk to you. Come here. James calls me up, dismisses everybody. And he says, I don't think you take this seriously.


And I said, excuse me. He goes, I don't think you take this seriously. And I said, well, what makes you think that? And he goes, this is the opportunity of a lifetime. Everybody wants to do a Broadway show and your first instinct is to come out and crack a joke. And I said, well, forgive me, but there are 30 people sitting in front of me who are about to decide my fate. And I figured I had two options. I could either break the ice or projectile vomit on you and your colleagues. So forgive me for choosing the formula. And I'm not even saying it jokingly. I'm like super fucking pissed. Right? Yes. And then he starts to lecture me about the fact that I don't have the discipline in craft to take this job.


Oh my God. Wow. And I look at him and I say, all due respect, you can tell me I'm outright for the role. You can tell me that I am not your favorite actor. You can fucking tell me I'm not funny. For you to sit there and tell me and judge my discipline after I literally spent four years in conservatory, spent every last penny that I had to learn my craft, to study my craft, to stick with my craft through thick and thin. That is not something you get to take away from me. Mm. And I said, good luck with your show. I appreciate this. Thank you for the opportunity. I walk out, I congratulate Jordan on getting the wrong. I go back to my hotel, the Sheridan D ding.


No, actually it was a Hilton. That Was a Hilton. Well they kind, yeah. Since Tyler Sheridan or Hilton. Modern Day Sheridan. And I called my mom up. She said, how'd it go? I said, didn't happen. As bad as it could. As Bad as it could. I'm coming home. And I get a call from my then agent, Hannah Roth. And she says, Hey. And I said, Hey, I'm not really in the mood to talk right now. And she goes, well you have two tickets to go see Spelling Bee tonight. And I said, why the fuck would I want to go see that show? And at this point, I had never seen the show. I didn't have enough money to get a ticket to see the show. I was just approximating what I thought it should be. And I said, why the fuck would I wanna go see that? And she goes, well the director feels that you should probably see it before you start rehearsals in two Weeks.


Wow. Unreal. Wow. So it was a mind fuck. What was y'all's Post conversation of that initial, My relationship with James is now wonderful. Recently we had a dinner where we talked through everything and he was incredible about it. But he was horrible to me during that process. Oh. He was the whole show. So the whole show, I was a punching bag. It was brutal. Was He so upset he was losing Dan? I think that was a big part of it when we sat down and we discussed it and we had it out. And he was so gracious and has since apologized to me for what that experience was. He said I needed to get my ass kicked. I agree with that. I don't think the psychological warfare was necessary.


Yeah. Right. But I agree with it. But I would come back and I would smoke every night a full bong of like hashish. 'cause I was so fucking scared. I was just fucked. I was always in a state of fear, panic. Ah, panic. And it just didn't get better. I couldn't wait to leave. And the cast was awesome, but also they missed dance. Yeah. That's a hard position. I, it sucks being a replacement sometimes. Yeah. I'm not sure if that's everyone's experience. I go out of my way to be kind to my replacements because of what that experience was. But it fucking sucked. And I would do it all again if I could because it taught me resilience.


Yeah. You can get through That. I think we coddle a lot now. And I think actors who are breaking in, you need to get your ass kicked, man, because it's a fucking brutal business. I learned from every minute of that. Even though it wasn't all roses and candy. It was everything I needed at the time to prepare me for a career that is filled with so many more lows than highs. And once you have that, you can handle the rest. Yeah, absolutely. And there were times when I didn't think I could get through it. There were times when I would literally have anxiety attacks because James would call a rehearsal that I knew was just about putting me in my place and keeping me in a box.


Mm. And I didn't feel safe. I didn't feel comfortable improving. I didn't feel comfortable being my funniest. It felt with your confidence. I Had real problems with my confidence. Yeah. That happened again on Book of Mormon. It did. It did. Because I saw that, I talk about this in my book as well. So my director there, Casey, who's brilliant and amazing, he came in after Jason Moore, who we had workshopped the show with for three years. Left the project. He was coming into a situation that was like, Hey, we're going to Broadway. It's your turn to get it all going in a couple of months. He wanted to put his stamp on it. And based on my experience with Spelling Bee, I think I had my guard up.


Yeah. You had a chip on your shoulder, maybe a little Bit. Don't fuck with me. Yeah. I am not to be fucked with here. And I think he felt that. And I think he in turn sometimes did not love that. I was basically doing whatever the fuck I wanted on that stage. And he wanted to control that. And for right or wrong, it was his job. And I respect that. But we definitely butted heads. Wow. And it was sometimes very unpleasant. And Andrew and I sometimes got into it because Oh wow. A lot of what was going on during that time was Reys and I suddenly, we went from zero to 60. Yeah. And we had this entire show on our backs.


We were not prepared for what it became. Yeah. I was not ready for that kind of pressure. And I think Andrew wasn't. And so we felt sometimes like we were being pitted against each other. And you're in the midst of like Tony season and you're both vying for that award. Were you Guys nominated for the same thing? We Were both nominated for the Same thing. Yeah. What the hell did he do with That? And we both lost. It was a fucking rollercoaster. How Old were you at that time? I had just turned 30 and Andrew and I now talk about it, laughing about how stupid and petty all of the little bullshit it cook. But it was a pressure cooker. And it was so funny because going back and then doing Gutenberg, we had the complete opposite experience because we're in our forties and don't give a shit about anything anymore.


'cause we've had so many life experiences. The The bucket's been filled up. All of that stuff feels so insignificant. Yes. Yeah. And it's beautiful because our relationship has never been stronger. We came through the other side of it. We had the most amazing experience doing that show and being a part of a pop cultural phenomenon. The likes of which musical comedy theater hadn't seen since the Producers and I think hasn't seen since. It's just Hamilton in that. But in terms of comedies, right? Yeah. Yeah. In terms of comedies weren't a rarity. That was hard. I have since been able to look back at all of it and own my part in all of it.


What's Your part? I was a cocky fucking guy. And part of the cockiness was a defense mechanism. Yeah. You're scared. I'm scared. And I'm not good enough. I'm scared I'm not. Funny enough, I'm scared. I'm not worthy of the attention. I'm scared that I am going to let people down. I'm scared I'm gonna let myself down. You'll Be revealed at some point I'll be revealed. And so I really peacock. Yeah. And puffed Up. You know what's weird? I have never till this moment considered, although I experienced it being on stage at the Groundlings, but where theater's so different than doing a movie is you don't really know while filming the movie who's popping and stealing it.


But on a stage, boy, the fucking verdict's in every 30 seconds. And it's very obvious what the response to the crowd is. So if you're someone that's still doing a great job, but you're third in the crushing it, you know It. Do you know how petty I was in hungry and starving for love and adoration? I'll never forget being so mad. This is so ridiculous. I love it. But I was so mad that Andrew got the last bow and I didn't Sure. And that is such a fucking joke. I love that you're admitting that. That I would even think that way. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause he clearly was the one who should get the lap back. But at the time I was like, I've been doing this show for four years.


I've been here from the beginning. I'm the funnier role. I wasn't, I wasn't any of those things. I was involved longer. That's it. Well, if I can make an excuse for you a little bit, or not even excuse more than Explanation. No. You don't think I'm a piece Of shit. I'm No, no. It's And I deserve what's happening to me. Yes, Yes, yes. Isn't it true you're at fault for these high winds that just set LA ablaze? This is the same thing with black folks, with women in your mind. If you are not the best, they're gonna kick you out. Yeah. But also, you've said it earlier, you grew up with a huge fear of loss that does not go away. No, I have the exact same thing. It doesn't go away. And also I have always felt like a fraud.


I have an absolute case of imposter syndrome. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And when I go and I put myself out there, I am so scared I'm gonna fail. And I am so scared that what I think is funny, other people won't find funny. And if I fail even one person, I don't think about the thousand people who enjoyed it. I think about the one person who hated it Also. Do you give it the power that like when I fail publicly, it's actually gonna be so powerful, the failure that it'll make you go back and reevaluate everything you thought thus far? I Do it all the time. Yeah. Like it has the power to not only fail in that moment, but erase everything that happened before. It is to the point now that I can't even watch anything I'm in because I judge it so harshly and so critically that I feel like a fraud.


Actually, the beauty and the reason that I went back to Broadway and did a show with Andrew was I needed that again. Yeah. I needed to put myself out there in the most vulnerable way at the age of 40 and have this guy who is the single funniest fucking human being I've ever worked alongside other than the two of you. Thank you. So that I've never worked together. Is it a lie because you haven't worked with us Well, No. It's honest. And so I needed that. I needed my ass kicked. And the difference between when we did Book of Mormon and we did, Gutenberg was being on the other side of that and no longer focused about any of the little shit.


Dumb stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Any of the dumb shit. I was able to just enjoy and do a trus exercise every night. And it was fucking incredible. That's the thing. The ultimate victim ends up being you because you were robbed of the experience. Yes. So that whole experience you had, which is among 10 experiences on Broadway like that you didn't get to experience. I didn't because You were so in the future and so behind and all these places other than this bizarre gift that doesn't really come around for people ever in this business. And yeah, you can run the risk of missing the whole thing. It's funny. I think in a certain way you need to go through that. I'm at an age now where none of that is a factor anymore because I've learned these lessons.


Every job that I do, every day I take in and I give gratitude and I am savoring it. And you read about stories like Mandy Potemkin talking about he was so miserable to others and to himself for so long. And like my experience of working with Mandy was the complete opposite. I've never met a more giving person. And I think that we all in a weird way have to go through that. Not just in this industry in our lives. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. You have to experience that. Everyone with coworkers knows this. It's Okay to go through all of that as long as you come out the other side acknowledging it. Yeah. Yeah. I'm finally at a place maybe too late, but I'm finally at a place of acknowledgement to say I was my own worst enemy in many of these situations.


I was not present. I was afraid to be told no. Because that meant that I had to concede I was doing something wrong. Proving you didn't belong there. It Was a waste of one of the greatest years of my life. I wanted to get the fuck out of that show by the end because I was miserable. And I am so bitter about that because if I could go back and do Book of Mormon right now, I would fucking leave this room and put that outfit on and get on stage because it was the greatest joy ever. What Tre Matt did is for the ages. And I didn't appreciate it enough at the time. I have two stupid questions unrelated to your book. Yeah. In my research I discovered something that is an Alexander Payne movie waiting to happen.


So your mother and stepfather were involved in a legal battle over a burial plot that was double booked. When I read that sentence, I was like, it's insane if I was pitched that as a student executive, I go, no. What? In this day and age, people could be fighting over a burial plot. My grandparents were buried in this South Florida cemetery and my parents bought a plot next to them. My mother is the daughter of Holocaust survivors. There are books about this generation. Yeah. It is really difficult. The guilt is unthinkable. Yeah. Yeah. For me, I'd be like, just put me wherever. For her, it was such a loss.


It was such a betrayal. And the way she found out, which was accidentally from a friend who was told they gave that plot accidentally away was so fucked. So it was a thing. What is the solution to a problem like that? Do you exhume grandma and grandma? Well, going through it now, we are literally in the process of figuring out what to do because there is no good solution. No Barry mom on top. But you sort of anticipate that the fucking place will do its job. It has one job, which is put the boxes where they're meant to go. Right. They've sold, That's your only job. Yes. I don't know how they fucking mix and match that, But this is like the backside of babies.


I was about to say swapped at The hospital. Yeah. Yes. You can imagine you going and paying your respects at the wrong grave for years. You Should write this. It's actually a great, incredible fucking Alexander. It's, it's, There's no good solution. There's solutions. All of them suck. But That's a good device for a film. There's really no solution that's gonna make anyone in this film happen. Now I'm worried About what? What? The second question is I would Urge you to tell people about Picture Face, Lizzie. 'cause it's another book you have out. You're so prolific. This has been a year of writing for me. I really wanted to challenge myself as a writer. So I wrote Picture Face Lizzie, a kid's book, which is basically about, my girls are obsessed with what their friends have. Yeah. And what they don't have. And that a lot of times comes in the form of social media apps.


So they are constantly asking us why their friends are allowed to have TikTok, YouTube, Snapchat, and we put such restrictions on them. This is a conversation so many of my friends are having. So many of my friends' kids are having, it inspired me to write a book from the perspective of both the parents and the kids talking about this new doll called a picture face. Lizzie, that is a mixture of an American girl doll with the technological advances of having a social media application to it so that it's all encompassing. And this little kid Eves finds herself in a situation where all her friends do is talk about their picture face Lizzies.


And she gets left behind. And so she goes to her parents and she says, I want one. How can I get one? And they finally cave and they give it to her. And basically they say, just don't lose who you are in the process of playing with this. Have a healthy relationship with it. She becomes absolutely consumed. But over the course of the book, she starts to miss the little things she used to do, the imaginative play, the sort of experiential things. As she starts to sort of balance having this thing and doing these analog things, her friends become really attracted to what she's doing. Yeah. And put their dolls down and start doing that as well. And it's been really amazing to watch families read this book together, experience this journey together and start a conversation from it.


Why did you get such a hack to narrate it? Kristen Bell was the only option I had at the time because similarly, I was canceled on by most of my previous. And that was without an apocalyptic event. I am doing what I can to give them a healthy relationship with technology, but also giving them the skills to be able to be without that technology. Because my concern is, I know I'm addicted to it. Yeah. Parents are giving their kids advice that they themselves are incapable of following, which is hysterical. That's It. We at least come from a background in which we didn't have any of those.


We can remember the Helian days. And I think Part of the reason my kids love Stranger Things, your listeners are like, what kind of Dick shows their little kid Stranger Things but doesn't give 'em Snapchat? You knew the shit I've shown my children. Oh yeah. In fact, when the fires were this again, I was making jokes. So the fires were getting closer and closer. They were a half mile from here and they were starting to evacuate. And I said, did the 10-year-old Delta, if it looks like we're going down tonight, I'm gonna let you drink wine. And we're watching Pulp Fiction. There you go. This is such great, I'm not letting you leave this planet without seeing, seeing Pulp Fiction. Look, I was fucking six when I watched Nightmare on Elm Street. Oh, my Grandpa took me on opening day to Scarface in 1981 and I was six and I watched a chainsaw cut.


The worst Thing that's ever happened to me is I was in college and I took my mother to go see unfaithful, the Diane Lane, like sex film, sex tapes, just like fucking snuff film. And I sat next to my mother as like, she's getting rammed by this really hot young man. And I was like, God damn, I should have just read the reviews. I gotta tell you one more, more my memory of the Thomas Crown affair. I'm like, that is the funnest movie. I can't wait to show my, at that time Lincoln was probably nine. I'm like, I remember the sailboat scene and the cool this and the caper with the bowler hats and the Magret paintings cut to Brossman making love on the staircase.


And he's just sitting there and it's going on for a long time. You fast forward. No, we will go for it. Sex isn't bad. Same. We showed Ava Rainman and I forgot that there's a scene in Rainman. Oh, a hot one with Tom Cruise where like, yeah, he's just fucking away. And same with Jerry McGuire. Here's a period of Tom Cruise movies. Well, He is gonna sprint in every movie He was sprinting. We're fucking Yeah. Yeah. Because he's a great kisser on screen. He's great. Gotta give him that. He knows that's where some the money is. He's a great runner. Yeah. He's an incredible runner and a great kisser. So anyways, we're watching this scene that's now, you know, as I remember, maybe 30 seconds, which now feels like it's 11 minutes long. And Lincoln just goes, do people do that have sex? And she goes, no. On the stairs.


That's A fair because the absurdity is very clear. One 9-year-old, like by the way that Lay a very good question, why would you is Real. And I go, actually no. Only in movies. You people have sex on the stairs. My God. That's for that is so your child. That is so your fucking child. Oh well Joshie, thanks so much. Oh guys, thank you. Thanks. This was nice. This was a good distraction. And your Book is phenomenal. Thank you. It's really, really, really good. It's very honest. And it's very well written. And it's quite funny. You're never more than three sentences away from a Josh Gad zinger. Why didn't you Write a blurb on the back? I was. It's Not too late. I could just send out a flyer. Why? I just write something in pen and I wanted these book promotional things.


You find a single arm cherry you can go like, do you want this one? That D'S shit on in pencil. Did you consider calling it the book of gad? I did at one point actually. Okay. That got taken off the table. There were so many punts, so many a Does one pick. And is that you? That is truly me. What Is that from? What photo Is that? I did it exclusively for the book. They take photos. Well for they don't. Do you think that they like pull it off of the internet? It's the first book I've Ever read. They take it from your gram. Where do you assume pictures on books come from? I don't know. I just, you know who kind of looks like, tell me, and I'm embarrassed that I'm forgetting his name, but did you watch the second iteration of Wet Hot American Summer? Yes. Do you remember the guy where he always wore three collars? What's that actor's name? I know he went to school with Jada Pinkett.


Jordan Joseph Gordon Jo Josh Gordon. Joseph Gordon Levitt. No, Josh Gordon. I think that doesn't matter. Everybody reading Dad we trust. And Please go to D's. Curated lists of places where you can support. Yes, please do that as well. And if you're struggling, I hope this two hours was a reprieve. Yeah. Amen. All right, love you. This was by the way, reprieve for me. Thank you. Me too. Me too. All right. Be well. Josh. Charles, Josh, Charles. It's a little late for that. Thanks Rob. Josh, Sir. Hope there weren't any mistakes in that episode, but we'll find out. When my mom misses, Monica comes in and tells us what was wrong. Burberry. That's correct.


That's correct. Only wear Burberry to swim. That's JayZ line. That's when you know you've made it. When you only wear Burberry to swim. I don't, I wear it for fact checks. Oh yeah. Looks stunning. Thank you. Are you noticing anything About you? Yeah. Yeah. You're growing your beard out. Okay, Great. Sure. Or maybe back out. I just blue dry my hair blow dried. Wow. Okay. What do you think? It looks nice. A lot of volume. It looks fluffy. Yeah. I got in the shower and I was like, what if we put a little mousse in our hair and then hair dry it. Oh my God. And here we are because 50, No, I think new year. Okay. That's great Stagnation.


Sure. You wanna mix it up? Yeah. Do you think a little bit of this potentially has to do with, we had a guest in who has like really fluffy hair. No, but it is slightly impacted by the guest we're gonna have after this fact check. Okay. Which he is such an eclectic Very, This won't sound like a compliment, but it's Oh, Okay. One of your classic compliments. I don't love one of My classic compliments that has you feeling terrible afterwards. Whatever the most exotic lizard is. Right. That's rough. But That's bad with The colorful when they, he's Just cool. He's, so Maybe you go with some original words like cool.


And, and he knows this. He's also dangerous. He's like snake in the garden of Eden. He already, and that so much Easter eggs happening right now. But what we're gonna talk about that he's dangerous. Oh, I'm excited for that. I like a little danger and He's, but he's dangerous and colorful. So If you can think of another, I don't wanna use unicorn. 'cause unicorns are for babies. And you don't like unicorns, right? Except you do. I love 'em. I love to call everyone a unicorn. Yeah. But that's another thing. I gotta stops. I gotta start blow drying my hair and I gotta stop using Your contradictions. Yeah. Dangerous. But colorful is like a flamingo. 'cause I think they, you think they're dangerous. Yeah. I do think they're actually hidden and Dangerous.


Mon, you just snap any part of them in half. They're, they're structured. You're very Tall. Exactly. They're so tall and not robust. Well That's your privilege because you're tall. So you could snap. But I'm too short. I wouldn't be able to Reach. Totally disagree. I would put you in the running back category. Ding, ding, ding. Oh, thank you Troy. Lions. We'll get there. Yeah. No, you were low and powerful. So you would smash into those flamingos little dainty toothpick slash chopstick legs. Okay. And it'd be, no one wants to know this, but it would be Facts. No, this is like two fact because fact checks in a row, we've been like animal Cruelty. True. But no, I need something more dill. More dangerous, but also radiant in and beautiful and colorful.


So I'm thinking with some of those lizard, they, they get pissed and they start walking on their back legs and they got their arms out and then they, and they're funny. Their mantles out, they flare out their big parachute around their neck and it's full of colors. What About peacocks? Are they mean? No, these are, can you, are You sure? You know, Like if you're gonna use a bird, we use a predator bird. Those Aren't colorful on purpose because they're trying to blend in. Right. I feel that I'm drawn to birds not in life, but in pictures. Okay, sure. I have a, a big photograph in my apartment of a woman. She's, she is a cage on her head, but she's, the bird is free.


What does that metaphor mean? Oh, it's deep. It is locked in the cage of your own mind. It's Like golden cage a little bit, but the, the bird is fed golden Handcuffs Also. I almost bought this other piece of art. Not Anne Monsour new lady. Okay. And it was also a woman with a bird. And I like immediately dmd and was trying to get it. Yeah. And then I thought, how many things with birds can I have? Yeah. 'cause now it's probably about to pass the many, many self images you have that my children have generated and that Kristen's generated. Right? What do you mean? Because you have a lot of, as we know, photos of yourself, art of yourself.


Well, I'm not In these, we, we talked about that though. Is it like, would it freak someone out who came over? Okay. There's a picture that Lincoln painted of me when she was like five or six. She was really young, And Kristen Made a, and Kristen painted a picture of me for a secret Turkey. And she made a figurine of you. Yep. And with big boobs. With big. And then Lincoln also made a big boob figurine, as I recall. Oh, okay. I only have one. Okay. I think I have the one Lincoln made. Okay. And it's in a drawer. So no one would see that unless They were, yeah. I mean, I want people to see it, but it invites a lot of questions. The, Which could be helpful.


I, In the right context, Circumstance, yeah. Perhaps. Maybe if I get on the apps, which I probably won't, but if I do, maybe that could be my little picture. Oh, That'd be great. Yeah. And so I have a little mystery too, but I'm, it's also being very obvious. Yeah. You're also leaning over, Leaning in, leaning The witness a little bit. But those Other ones aren't hung up. I am gonna display definitely Lincoln's. Yeah. That's less about me. Yeah. It's, Well, they're all not about you. Right. In your defense. Yeah. I didn't ask for them, but We did ask the question, what would be critical mass? Where even if they're not about you, someone might go, my Lord, this person has like 30 or 40 pieces of art depicting her.


I'm not doing that. Even these famous artists, they tend to only do one or two self portraits, as I recall. Right. Yeah. Also the Mao, I mean, that's why I also have this space. I've put some of my art of me here. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well, that's right. So there's all that art too. Yeah. And then there's the arm cherry art. Yeah. Which we have a lot of. And we do, But that lives in our workspace. That feels fine. Right. That feels fine. Real quick question. If you were a great artist, do you think you would do self portraits? And how many would you do? Like, I guess I'm, I'm delighted. Van Gogh did a self portrait because there were no cameras around. Right. So my only idea of what he looks like is, is what he drew of himself.


Yeah. But it is probably so inaccurate. Like if I did a self portrait. Well, that Would be great If you were a really, really talented artist. Yes. And you could actually show us exactly what you see. Yeah. That would be incredible. Yeah. Because I guarantee it would be super off. Crickets are out. Oh, yay. I mean, you're a good artist. So you could do a self-portrait, aren't They? All those, all those monsters I draw. I think those are all secretly self-portraits. It's also a little like, that's how you're gonna spend your time drawing yourself. Yeah. But you're always there. Right. If you need a model for something, it's like all you need is a mirror and you're That's true. And You're sketchy. Yeah. I'm probably not gonna do that.


Okay. Should we dive into the heartbreak? Yeah, let's hear about it. So, went to the game, The Lions Game, the Lions playoff game against the commanders. Yeah. And if I'm listing a top 10 experiences with my best friend, Aaron Weekly, this is making the list. We were so beside ourself that we were down on the field at the Lions. I had the singular goal of standing next to Dan Campbell, the coach. Right. In hopes I could get a sense of just how big he is. 'cause I see him on tv. I also looked him up and it says six five. Oh Wow. But these football players are infamously, they're all a little bit embellished.


Okay. Because they were coming outta college and they're entering the draft, and they wanna seem as big and as enormous. So it's always like, if they're, If you see six, five, probably six, three and a half. Okay. I'm g I'm just gonna guess there's a standard one and a half inch Flub. Flub fluff. Yeah. So I was just hoping to stand next to him. So Keegan, Michael Key's there. Oh. Which is friend of the Pod. Friend of the pod and the ultimate Detroiter. And, and I, I don't even pretend to be as authentic and committed to the lions as he is. It's his life. Okay, Great. So I'm a bit of a poser, but I'm, I'm as excited as anyone. So that counts. Yeah.


So he starts ki he knows everybody, as you might expect. So he introduces me to Martha Ford. Do you know who Martha Ford is? Martha. Martha Ford. Martha Ford. Oh no. Rob, will you look up her age while I'm chatting? She's 99. 90 fucking nine. Monica, I have to tell you of all the thing. I mean, she's tied with Tan, with Dan Campbell. So she, if I am to believe Aaron was the daughter of the Firestone Tire Dynasty. Oh, okay. Married Henry Ford's son. Wow. Is she hot? I'll Get there. Okay. They own the Lions, which I wasn't even positive. I knew Ford.


The Ford family owns the Lions. Oh wow. Okay. They own the Ford Field, the arena. Martha rolls in on a golf cart and she gets out. Next thing you know, I'm meeting her. She's so tiny. Yeah, I bet. I loved her immediately. 'cause she was so tiny. She has a walker. What color hair does she have? White. Okay. Just checking. I don't, I think once you're 99, your standard hair is white. Yeah. But you might dye it. Not Martha. Oh, good for her. She is such a spitfire. So they get us to line up the, like, team photographer's gonna take a picture of us. And Martha has a walker. She's 99. And we're about to take the picture. And she goes, get this outta here.


She chucked her walker. She didn't want that walker fucking anywhere near this photo. And I was like, I Love her. Yeah. I'll be standing for this. And I don't want any evidence of this walker. Oh, I love that Fun. When I was shaking, I shook her hand for a very long time. 'cause I loved holding it. It was like shaking hands with Delta. Aw. It was a tinies little hand. And she was so sweet. Aw. And I felt like I was in history. Yeah. Married Henry Ford's son. That is wild. That feels like from another Eon. Yeah, It does. Then I start talking to Dan Campbell's wife. Okay. By chance, What color hair? Brownish. Okay.


From Dallas. Super fun. And before I know it, she's turning her attention away from me because Dan Campbell has walked out of the locker room. He walks directly up to her and gives her the longest kiss. Mm. That's nice. It was so nice. Cute. I was like, oh my God, I just love this whole thing. Then she introduces me to him. I'm shaking his hand. I'm very excited to be shaking his hand and saying things. I'm not even sure what I was saying, you know. Oh, sure. I love, here is a And did you Hope he would kiss you? Well, I'll get to that. Oh my gosh. So it's some chitchat. Chitchat.


And then he gets distracted and then he's talking to Keegan and then he's gonna carry on and, and he gives Keegan a huge hug. And I'm like, I'm gonna, even worse, I'm like, I'm gonna hug him goodbye. Oh. I'm really afraid to say this. 'cause I'm afraid some Lions fans are gonna blame me that this hug jinxed everything. Oh no. And by the way, I didn't, I did think it in my head for a couple hours. I, I started feeling really guilty. Like I shouldn't have Did you? I was like, all right. Yeah, great meeting you. And I just kinda make it very obvious. I want to hug. And he, and he hugs me, he Obliges And Monica, it was like hugging a water buffalo. I leave More. What do you mean? I need more? He is so big, Like squishy.


No, no. His lats are like this wide. His neck is like, you know, this wide Right. For the listener. I'm holding my hands very far apart. Yeah, he is. I don't think he's six five. It's a little bit like toto. He's taller than me. Toto is six nine In. Yes. In my heart. Same. But he's definitely taller than me. Let's just say that. And he is just like hugging a redwood. Were you, were you like this? Like you couldn't get your arms? That's What I thought I was, but then I saw a video of it. Oh, okay. All right. I just loved it. I, I hugged him. I felt his lats. They were so big. Yeah. I wanted him to throw me on the ground kind of a shirt.


Which is interesting. Yeah. I just kinda wanted to feel his power a little bit. Yeah, I get It. But he was so nice. He's such a nice man. Yeah. He got emotional on the post game thing. I don't know If you saw that. I know. He's very sweet. I didn't watch. Yeah. I think he's a vulnerable. Aw. I am beaming. Like I'm eight years old. Aaron is so excited. Yeah. He took a couple pictures. He goes, I took a couple pictures and I'm like, oh my God, I'm so glad you took some pictures. Yeah. I go, dad, look like a little baby next to him. And Aaron goes, you guys look like twins. Twins. So he is not, wait, now I'm confused. Now. You Should be. I'm not nearly as big as him, but my son is such a sweet boy.


Oh, he was making me, He was, yeah. He was basically saying you guys were TI almost identical twins. Tell me, Look at this person. Hold on. Do you just wanna see a picture of me hugging him? Yeah. So you can get a sense of, Okay. What I'm talking about. Okay. Wow. Okay. For the listener who doesn't know Dan Campbell, it's everything I'm saying. Right? Oh wait, no, I'm about to say the actual opposite. The way you describe him is not accurate. Okay. I'm imagining who, God, how do I, okay. I can't do this. Well, so You were picturing like a monster from Game of Thrones. Like the hound or something, but Not muscular really?


Oh no. He was a, this guy's ex safety, extremely Muscular. Oh, he's the most muscular. But When you say water buffalo, you have to understand what people imagine. Water buffaloes are pure muscle. Okay. That's why it's a great comp. It's not. Anyway, he's hot for the listener. This man is very attractive and he's not what Dax explained. And he's, he does look really tall and Insanely fair. Right. Very muscular and fit. Yeah. And a night very handsome face. He looks like he could just run right through. How old is he? A cinder block wall? I don't wanna know. 'cause I think he's younger than me, which would be a bummer. But I think probably true. Not much. Not much.


Yeah. Not much. Okay. That helps. How old is he? 48. 48. Okay. April birthday. Oh, here we go. Here we go. Rob's kind of got it. Look, I'm not, and I'm not here to make you feel. Okay. Yeah. First of all, there we are together. Yeah. Look, I see what Aaron's saying. And Aaron, I have the advantage that Aaron's behind me. So I'm closer to Aaron than, than look at this. Aw. Oh, look at his back. Monica. Look at the fucking width of his back. And how tiny my hand looks on it. Well, actually that's not my hand. That's, that's Keegan's. Oh My God. You were, That's a lot of beef right there.


Mm. This is so stupid. I know. Anyone who watches football has a crush on Dan Campbell. Yeah, I get it. Yeah, I get it. He's like the rock of NFL. Okay. Ben Johnson. Oh, that's a heartbreaker. I don't want to talk about that. Why? We lost our offensive coordinator. Right. Offensive coordinator. I thought you meant He died or something. No, the Lions off coordinators now coaching the Bear Bears took him. Oh, this guy is attractive. Yeah. Dan Campbell. No. Oh, we already established he was. Okay. Now this new guy is also very attractive and he is 38. Okay.


That is just a few months older than you. Correct. Alright. Oh My God. What If you were dating him? Oh, and I was dating Dan Campbell. So we could go in the drive-in We, he rivals Now 'cause of Rob, because he's with the Bears. Well, if I'm dating him, But if he was still the Lions, we'd both be rooting for the lions. Oh, this guy was at the Lions? Yes, he was the offensive coordinator. Oh Wow. Okay. So it would work out perfectly. We could go to the games together and sit in the box and cheer for our boyfriends. That'd be fun. That would be really Fun. Would be just like, Taylor, you're your best friend. Oh yeah. How fun. Okay, wait real quick. You're not letting me get a compliment out. I agree with Aaron in that picture.


You guys do look similar. God bless you. God bless you. If you hugged him, you would know we're not terribly similar. But I am. I'm delighted that that's your verdict. Thank you. Now you know what it's like to be me, like when I hug big men, Charlie. Yeah. It, it has a very specific feel. Do you like it or, I like it. Do you like the feeling Of being small And safe? Yes. That's what I'm getting at. Like I'm hugging this guy and I'm like, oh wow, I'm good. If whatever runs up behind us, a rhinoceros, whatever, like it's, it's, it's on him.


It's his job. Wow. And that's very unlike you. Exactly. It's a unique feeling for me to be being held by a man that is so much more powerful and big than me. Right. That I know he should handle the grizzly bear when it comes through the door. And Do you not feel that with Aaron? Aaron? I feel this perfect equanimity. Like I'm a wrestler. He's a puncher. Right. Together. We're great. We're a duo. I totally feel safe around Aaron. I know that like, I don't need to worry about what's behind me. I know that Aaron's always looking out for me. I know Aaron would jump through fire for me. Yeah. I, I think he feels that way about me. So yeah, when I'm with him and this has been since seventh grade, I feel so safe all the time.


Yeah. He'll do anything to protect me and vice versa. But if a rhino comes through the door, Aaron and I got team up on it. I'm not like, Ryan Aaron go handle this. But if Dan Campbell was there, I'd be like, Dan, you're up. You would. I think so. Yeah. Wow. That's a first. I've not heard you say that about anyone. Hence My giddiness. You like getting in into it. I like being the guy that confronts the rhino, but also it feels very nice. That's great to feel very safe that Campbell would be the one that would handle it. Pin in this. I wanna circle back to something, but Okay. Great. Pin in the safety. Yeah. Okay. I'm sorry. So fast forwarding got to be on the field when they ran out. That was incredible.


Met Will Ford's son. It was just very fun to meet the Ford family. Chatted with a lot of different people. And then we were in the box with Roger Goodell. Roger Goodell is the NFL Commissioner. Okay. And has been for a long time. And just to put, I know it's terrible to quantify it this way, but I I, it made me recognize how esteemed the job is. Mm. His previous contract is 70 million a year. Woo. And he just signed another three year contract. No. No one even knows what it's, but when you're paying someone more than Louis Hamilton, I feel like you've got a pretty important job. Important job. All this info's coming from Aaron. 'cause he knows way more about football than I do. So Roger, people don't like him.


Oh. I think it's the nature of the job. Sure. No one ever likes the commissioner. No. No one ever likes the commissioner. Oh. That's why they have to pay you a lot. Probably. But I'm not entering with that kind of baggage. I don't dislike him or like him. I just am flattered. He wanted us in his suite, I think largely 'cause of that Golden Globes thing. Oh. I left one thing out before I went up to the suite. They played a video on the big screen of me watching the Golden Globe. Oh. Watching the Lions game at the Golden Globes. And then cut to, you know, and I had to wave and all that. Oh, Cute. That is like McConaughey. Good job. Big time. And I've been in that situation several times at Lakers games.


In these different games, they'll put me on the jumbotron. Yeah. And it's, at best, I would say it's in the past. It's like a c plus. Like, I feel like generally maybe 30% of the Lakers crowd will know it's me and be excited. Okay. Because of that Golden Globes thing. It was legit. You know, I've always said I never got, I'm always envious of that experience that the American Idol people get where they go to their hometown and they're in a convertible. I didn't think that would ever happen to me. And I'm like, when does that happen? That it happened? Oh, they showed that thing. They cut to me and the place legitimately went bananas. Ah, that's wild. Right. It was almost hard to accept, but it was.


Yeah. That's sweet. It was unbelievably lovely. I felt so like, loved by my people then back. Okay. Goodell Roger, he was immediately most engaging with Aaron. Who Would it be? Asking Aaron. A ton of questions. Really engaging him, talking to me. But like, he's not the, he's not playing the status game. There's a lot of people in the, I love that fucking Barry Sanders is in the box. He's the most famous lions player of all time. And the best player of all time and the best running back in history. He's in the thing. Roger could be chatting him up. He's talking to Aaron. I I love him. Yes. He is the And Aaron's like, I was anticipating that I would have to see my way out of conversations while we, you did your thing with the person who got us the tickets.


And I was like, oh, this guy wants to chat with me. Which he did. He's so down to earth. And he was so lovely and hyper intelligent. And you can see why he's, how Old is he? 65. Because still good. I did make one joke that got him. We were talking about the thing I talked about on a previous fact check where it's like, you used to be younger than the players. Now you're older than them, but you're younger than the coaches. Yep. Then you're, now I'm older than the coaches. And I hope to be younger than the owners. Thank God. Martha's with us 99. Thank God I have a Yeah. And he and I weren't talking about that. And I said, well, how old are you? And he goes, 65. And I go, well you look fucking great. Which is true.


He's very fit. Looks great. Yeah. Look up. Oh, He looks great. Yep. And I go, you look fucking great. You're definitely gonna make it to 70. Oh. And that, that really tickled him. That's fun. Okay. So as you can see, we were on fire. We were screaming, we were meeting people. We idolized it. It was the two of us were from down the road in a dirt road. And it was really, really fulfilling and beautiful. And I was sharing it with Aaron. Yeah. And it was so special. Yay. Fighting back the tears the whole time. And the game starts and it's, it's, it's, it's rough right from the get go. We cannot get a stop. They, they score every time They get it.


Luckily we score every time we get it. Our offense is great and it just, it just goes downhill and it gets worse and worse and worse. And the crowd gets quieter and quieter. Quieter. And I start thinking it's completely my fault. 'cause I haven't been to a game. And you hugged And I hugged Dan. I'm sincerely regretting hugging Dan Campbell. That's crazy. I mean, I, yes. I, yeah. But I think all fans do this. Carly thinks that the, the two games they lost this season was because Lola, her dog didn't have her Detroit Lions bandana on. Yes. People do this now. You understand my knocking on wood. I do. I was taking a lot of the blame for it. Sorry, It's not your fault. But I was also refusing to let the outcome take away what a fun season it's been.


And then this crazy experience with Aaron that was Yeah. As good as it could possibly Get. Good. Remember when I thought that Trump won because my ring was off my finger. Yeah. And you said you're not that powerful. I kept telling You it a nicer way. But you did say that. I was saying to myself to try to get myself out of the dumps. Yeah. You don't have any control over the defense. It'd be great If you did not that powerful. You're not that powerful. But I was afraid other people would think I was that. Sure. Well tell them now here. You're not. I'm not sure if it's not person. I'm, I'm, I'm only like 70%. It's not my fault. That's how I feel about Trump. Yeah. I still feel it. I still feel like potentially it was the ring and the bee.


I feel like that's very universal. Rob, do you blame yourself when your team loses? Yeah. I've got Lots of superstitions when I'm watching. Yeah. Oh, remember Rob Reiner was on. He said he went to the bathroom. They scored. Yeah. And then he, so he had to keep going to the bathroom. Yeah. It'll happen. Stay tuned for more armchair expert If you dare.


We are supported by 23 and me plus Total Health. As the year winds down, we often spend time reflecting on what's important. Well, taking proactive steps to take care of your own health is one of the most loving things we can do for the people who love us. And with 23 and Me, you can do just that With 23 and Me plus Total Health, you'll receive advanced genetic screening, giving you a lifetime of insight into your potential future disease risks. It can help lead to early detection and even prevention. It's a longevity platform that helps you be proactive about your health. With cutting edge genetic testing and biomarker analysis. You can create a health plan that is tailored just for you. As you know, I've been, we're both in this study. Yes. And I've been going back to 23 and me and ordering different results, which is so cool. It's all sitting there for me to do. Oh, That's so cool. 'cause we've done it before. Yes. And we really loved what we learned. Also do it as a family or like as a friendship. It's really fun to read. So you get your results and you can read them together. It's fun. It is. Advocate for your health today. Go to 23 and me.com/dax for your limited time offer. That's 23 me.com/dax.


Okay. You wanted to earmark safety? Yes, I did. So this is a big pivot, but it did remind me that while you were at the game, I had therapy. Oh, okay. I had two big epiphanies. You did. Would you call them breakthroughs? Yes. Okay. Guided by my incredible, Your spiritual advisor. Yes. She's whew. She really is worth her money. Okay, Great. Especially 'cause you were a little bit on the fence on the New Year's, but whether you're gonna continue on Well yeah, I was like, maybe I just go to once a month and now I'm like, I gotta go back to two times a week. So the fires, you know, it was the first time I had seen her since then.


Yeah. And first of all, January sucks. I'm gonna say that just, just like as a fact. Yeah. January's the worst month of the year. It's horrible. Bad things happen. Jan one is when I had norovirus. Yep. Yaking for eight hours. Exactly. I'm kind of on board. The lion's lost. Go Three out of the five last January's have been horrendous. Oh yeah, I Got it. You're seeing in across the board January blows. January's are bad. Okay. I'm kind of Okay. I'm sorry that your birthday's in there. I know, but like, it's a bad, bad, bad, bad, bad month. Weather generally sucks. Yeah. Weather sucks. People die. Like things go up in flames, literally.


Yeah. It's bad. But I do think they've all like taught me something. I've come out of the, I've walked into February with new information. It's, it's been a gloomy January for a lot of reasons. Yeah. And I was talking to her about that. Obviously for the fires we were fine. Right. We didn't have to evacuate. Our houses are okay. Yeah. We have the best version of it. Exactly. So lucky. But still, it's just been like, oh my God, there's so much loss everywhere. Every day you're hearing about somebody else, you know, who lost everything and you're trying to figure out how to help and it's just like overwhelming. So I kind of figured it was just that. I was like, I think I'm just overwhelmed by everything going on. Then we kind of got to that.


It was, I think more than that and more personal. And I think people who are sort of struggling through this here, who didn't, who didn't have like massive loss but are are still down. Yeah. 'cause I know a couple people who are like depressed who aren't normally like, I'm surprised. Oh. And I realized that like in the moment, especially in the moment when you're packing your bag up and it's, I mean, you're panicked 'cause you're like, I might have to be outta here in like 10 minutes. Yeah. You're standing in your house or apartment or whatever, and you are faced with the two most like deepest, most existential questions that we have.


Yeah. Which are who do you really have and what do you really need? Oh yeah. And it's both at the exact same time. Yeah. In a moment of panic. Like you have to know the answer. Yeah. And I think we walk around with so much false security about those questions. Yeah. Like we think we know or it's fine. But this is like push comes to shove. What's the, what's your reality? Yeah. Yeah. And The rubber meets the road in a evacuation. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. If you're forced to ask those questions and the answer is, I don't know. Mm. It's very heavy Unsettling.


It's very unsettling. Disruptive and destabilizing and un and like you feel untethered. Yeah. And I think that's potentially what, that's definitely what I am feeling and what I think other people might be feeling too. It's just gonna take some time to process. Yeah. But I found that helpful to, to know like, oh, that's what I'm sort of struggling with. Right. It's a deeper, it's Much deeper. Well, because you can't work on future natural disasters as a cure. Right. You can only work on the things that actually emerged in that situation.


Yeah. That are personal. Yeah. Also, she told me, and this was also fascinating, is in times of true crisis, and this also happens like in death, people become their truest like most base version of themselves. Right. And like, not the person they've worked on becoming or are are mostly but who they are at their core. Yeah. And it's so true. I was thinking about who I was and who other people were in my life and what was Happening.


It kinda is what I was bringing up about like, we do have this genetic wiring to fulfill a role when it happens, that thing really goes to the front and center. Yeah. Is it related to that or no? Yeah, I think so. I think it's Collective. Yeah. I think you're your almost your genetics takeover. Yeah. Not the artifice of your identity, but I don't know if it's genetics so much as Yeah. Yes. But also what you did when you were a kid, how you coped, how you like a lot of, like your biggest fears, your insecurities, those things come to the forefront and they're leading the charge. Yes.


Like they are the thing that comes out. It's, it's wild. And this is one of the times where having a high ace score is like really nice because you've already, you've done a bunch of these, you know, I've done a bunch of police are at the house and fire departments at the house, But you're still a person, you're still a person in there. You still have a, a, a personality. But I have a lot of practice like submersion therapy, which is like, yeah, we're going to dad's in the middle of the night. You live there now that's disruptive. And then sixth grade's fun. You know, like I I have a ton of personal experience where it's like I lived on the other side of those.


Right. Does that make sense? Yeah. And I think for a lot of people that have been terrified a bunch of different times, one of the only benefits is like, you're like, oh yeah, here's another thing. Yeah. And it'll be all right. Yes. I think there's like two things happening. One is like what you're doing Right. And then the other is what you're thinking, who you are in those moments. Like it is, it's different. Right? Like I, we talked about this before where it was sort of the first time I had to be like, I have to do everything. I have to figure out what I'm taking. I have to load it in the car. I have to make sure I have this, this and this things. I don't norm things. I normally just say like, whoever I'm with is gonna do half of that stuff.


Right. And so I'm, I'm doing it, but what's coming up and who I am and it, and what I'm thinking is like, I'm alone. I have nobody, I am abandoned. I am really, all I have is myself. I'm scared. Yeah. First and foremost. Like that's, I'm scared. I'm a I'm a fearful person. Yeah. And I have overcome a lot of that in life, but not in this circumstance. I can't. Right. So it's like, it's at a 10. Well, you've probably just been ratcheting up. What level for you is manageable over time as you've grown, right? Yeah. Like panic attacks and SoulCycle versus now there is a threshold that you've kept moving up, you can handle it in such and such.


Yeah. And then Yeah. Some things exceed that threshold. Yes. And it also was, I think, important for me to have understanding for how everyone's behaving. Like everyone is gonna behave quite differently because we are all different and had much different life experiences Yeah. And deal with trauma in very, very, very different ways. Yep. 'cause like on Tuesday, Tuesday night, the first night when it was starting, I was like, you know, texting with every, a lot of people. Yeah. And I, and, and I was like, I don't, like, I don't even know.


I don't know what to do. I don't know how, how do we, what? Callie and I were both like, well, yeah, we don't know what to do here. Yeah. Yeah. Like, what, where do we go? What do we do? We were also like kind of joking. Of course. And then I, and I was also texting with Jess and in my head I was like, well, Jess is down the street, so like, that's easy. We'll go. And then at like nine the other, we start, I started looking at the other fire, the Eaton fire. And it is getting like bigger and bigger. And I called him and he was asleep. And I was like, oh my God, how can you possibly go to sleep right now? Like, this is crazy. Yeah. And then I was like, yeah, I think that's who he is in in crisis.


He like really calm, but to almost like a whatever happens, Disassociated, Almost disassociated. Yeah. Whatever happens is gonna happen. I can't really control it, so I'm just gonna go to bed. I have a question. Yeah. Potentially dangerous, but, okay. This just happened, right? It happened with Tom Hansen. I was to be vague intentionally, I was very much on the, the verge of blowing everything up in a very public way because of my anger towards something. Mm. And I ended up sharing about it in a meeting that he was at. And in that share, he learns of the timeline.


So then he, he calls me the next day 'cause he is my dad. Yeah. And he wants to help me. Yeah. And I don't, I don't call him back and I don't, I don't call him back for three days. And finally in the third day, he's like, what the fuck's going on? Why won't you call me back? And I finally FaceTime him and I go, I didn't want to talk to you because I didn't want to hear the right answer. Mm. I didn't want the right answer and I know you have the right answer. Yeah. And so I was avoiding you because I wasn't there. I still wanted to torch everything. Yeah. And I didn't want to be talked down and, and I apologize, but I just, so in that way, I think we often call people that we want to confirm the answer we're looking for.


Hmm. Right. I I do it. I know people call me. Someone wants to buy a motorcycle. They don't call their doctor, they call me. Well, Of course, but that's Motorcycle your Expertise. Well, And they know like I'm pro motorcycle. Right? Yeah. So I'm curious, in that same construct, when you start texting people, do you feel that you, you're start texting other people that you know will also be really nervous and not texting people that you know are gonna tell you it's not bad? Hmm. That's a good question. The dangerous part is like, what didn't happen was you, you didn't text me. Yes. I didn't. And you knew it wasn't gonna go well If you did, which is fair. Correct. And we invited you over and you didn't want to be around my energy, which would've been probably Rough.


Well, there were multiple things. Hap there was so much happening then that, that is more complicated. Okay. But back to, do you think, do you think that's happening at all? Are you calling the people that are gonna most reassure you? Are they gonna call the people that are gonna confirm it's as scary and dangerous as you feel like it is? That's A good question. I mean, I guess I'm probably, I'm probably reaching out to people that will confirm. But, but more, I'm, I'm especially in this case, I, I know like I know for certain that you aren't panicked about this. Yes. Right? Yes. Yes. Yeah. So, like me reaching out to you all, I Would've been able, it's gonna be frustrating.


Probably All I would've said is like, I'm really scared. Yeah. And then I think my fear then is If you respond without compassion Right. That will upset me. Yep. So what's the point? Right. Right. I know where you stand on it and I'm not sure, 'cause I, I know what I would've done. I've been like, first of all, you will not die because you can get in your car and drive away from this fire. Right. Like, I'd start going through the reasons that let's just start with, you're not gonna die tonight. Right. Im not gonna die tomorrow. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And if your car doesn't start, you call me. I'll pick you up. Yeah. You're not gonna die. Yeah. That would be like my first goal is just go, like, there's a lot of things on the table here.


Yeah. You might lose your shit. You might lose this beautiful house you've been building forever. Like, we might get to that. But let's just, I would've just wanted to start with like, this isn't a tsunami and we live on the No, I know. You know, like there we can escape this. Right. Yeah. Which would've been helpful. I'm, I'm sure, but I don't know in that moment what is outta 10 is I'm alone. Right. So I don't think, like all I was really trying to do subconsciously is confirm that I'm not right. Or that I am Right. Right, Right, right. Get some validation or confirmation. Yeah. And so I don't, I don't know.


I mean, I was text, the range of people that I was texting was not, they were not, it wasn't all panic again, just slept. So I was like, okay. Yeah. Well there's probably two things going on. There's like a logistical call list. Yeah. And then there's a comfort call list. Yeah. And yeah, I I, I probably would've been bad at it. I would've gone straight into what I do often and try to avoid, but still keep doing. Which is like, not observe you, but try to fix Right. The anxiety. Right. I would be trying to point out, we are not going to die tonight. You know? Yeah. I, I wouldn't, I would be bad at going Yeah.


We're here. You know, like I, I wouldn't be good at Yeah. Which you, I wouldn't be good at it. You don't need to be good at meeting me at anxious. Like, I, I don't think that's good. I saw some people, I'll just leave it at that. And when I saw them, this was on Thursday morning, the look on both of their faces was, and I registered, oh fuck. Their house burnt down. But it didn't, It didn't Yeah. But maybe they were sitting with some of these, they were things I'm not, I'm not at all shaming anyone for how they dealt with it. But I went, oh my God. Clearly their house is gone.


And it wasn't. So then I think the primal, primitive side amigos, we can't have this. It's not productive. I know. We are actually in a situation and there is not room for that. So snap into survival mode. Yes. And so yeah. I think I can tend to get frustrated in that situation that I think certain people are making things worse. Yeah. In an already bad situation. Yes. I do think you Think that. And that was, that was definitely the vibe of my household, you know? Yeah. So yeah. That's, And I think I know that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. About you. And, and sometimes that is where we butt heads because I feel like I, I can, should, it's okay for me to care To be scared And scared and whatever.


All Yeah. And, And you have no more control over your reaction than I have over mom. Exactly. I think all of those things would've been true if, if we were heavily interacting during all that. Yeah. And I accept it all and all. And I and I cause a lot of that. Well, we, but it's both of us. But the only thing I wouldn't, the thing I need to say out loud that I hope you didn't feel is I would not be judging you or thinking you're stupid. I don't think you'd be think stupid if there was any part of you that's afraid to tell me how you feel, because I'm gonna be judgmental of it. That wouldn't happen. That that wouldn't have happened. And I ha and I don't feel that way. I do get pragmatic about if everyone's bawling before we've got in the car.


Yeah. That's gonna be a a really hard Right. Totally. But do you think But I'm not angry at anyone for having their emotions or judgmental of it. I, I recognize and accept it and I'm not, I don't feel above it. But do you think, and whatever answer's Right. My guess is you think I overreact a lot in general? Just in general as a person. See The, it's the, it's the over that makes it a judgment. Right. Can I observe that you and I, like, I break four ribs, break my clavicle into five pieces, break my hand, break my humerus, drive home six hours, well ride two more sessions on the track, drive home five, six hours, go to sleep, don't go to the doctor, don't go to the following day.


So that's how I react to things. And then when you cut your hand, you were very scared and you reached out to a lot of people. So do I recognize the humongous delta between how you and I react to things? I absolutely do, but it's not over and I'm not under it is, this is how Dax reacts for a myriad of reasons. Yeah. And this is how Monica reacts for a myriad of reasons. Right. And so that's what, that's the thing I wanted to bring up and make sure you're crystal clear on. I'm not saying overreact. I'm saying I see how you react to things. I I can observe it. It's much different than how I react to things. Yeah.


But that does not make me conclude I'm better. I feel that you think that I get up upset over thing. Well I do. I get upset over things that you don't get upset over. Yeah. To me that's fine. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I, I'm, the things I get upset over I believe are upsetting. Like I, and I think it's okay to be upset about those things. And I understand that you don't like, I'm not, I I do think at one point an hour long friendship, I was like, why aren't you upset about this? I used to be like that. Yeah, yeah. Towards you. Like, I don't understand why you're not upset about this.


This is upsetting. Yeah. I don't think that anymore at all. And I respect that you don't, but I, I wonder if Well, we can go right at it. We can go right at it. There's a lot of things on the table here. Yeah. Do I accept that about you? Yes. Do does it make me love you less? No. Does it make me not wanna be friends with you? Absolutely not. Now you and I also do a job together. Yeah. We sit down in here to do a fact check. Yeah. And I sit down on a couch and I look across to see you. Yeah. And often you're upset about things like the election and you can't shake it when you're in here. So now do I think inside of this box, we have to be entertaining and we have to kind of manage how much of a downer we are.


I do professionally. Right. I think we have an obligation. Like the newscaster's gotta come on and they can't start crying during the thing. Now they can feel however they want throughout the whole day. Go ahead. Well, it's just very subjective. Like you cry and people come in here and they cry and they're allowed and it's actually some, it's, to me it's an asset not crying, but it, but what we've built here, and I do think it's, we have built here Yeah. A a place of honesty. Yeah. And to come in and to plaster a smile when, when I'm scared or there's fires or there's an election that I think is deeply disturbing to me.


Yeah. I mean, I'm not saying we need to like wallow in it, but I think it would be such a disservice not just to be, to this show, to our audience, to what we've built here, to pretend like those things aren't upsetting. Like It's fine if we have a bit of a difference of opinion on that. I do think this show has to be entertaining. And I don't think either of us can be in a shit mood for four weeks. I think we have an obligation to rise above that. I do. And we differ in that. And I understand what you're saying. Like, well this is honestly me. And of course I'm not trying to make someone not be honestly them, but I know if I'm listening to Howard Stern and Robin and one of them is just in a dark hole for three weeks, I have compassion for them.


But I'm gonna go listen to something else at some point. I can't join someone on my hour drive where I'm trying to feel, where I'm trying to distract myself from the things I'm worrying about. I'm looking for a reprieve. So I think it's, I think it's okay. We do have different opinions on what this, what obligation we have here to a degree. And I think there's only some, I think there is room for us to be our real selves. Yeah. But I also think it needs to be monitored and we have to be responsible to do these people that rely on us for an escape. Yeah. Deserve something fun and funny a lot of the time.


I get that. We did a really good job at that, I think. Yeah. Anyway. Do you think we did a good job at that? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. But we are, we're running low on time. Facts. Yeah. We have facts. Okay. So this is for, oh, and I guess it's timely that we talked about the fires and stuff because this is for Josh Gad Gad wonderful. We deep dived. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Into that. He's a perfect guest. He is. He's a perfect guest. He really is. I, I dmd him and said so. Oh good. Yeah, he's funny. He's smart. He's emotional. He's truthful.


Yeah. Yeah. What a soup to nuts. Same as Adam Scott. I was really delighted with Adam Scott episode. Really, really delighted Sweetheart. Okay. Josh Gad, you can gift up to $18,000 tax free, but now it's 19,000. Great News. Great news for everyone. You said your grandparents took you to Scarface in 1981 on opening day and you were six and it was 83. Not as good of a story. Well, eight is still young. It's still young, but it's not a great story. Six Is, but you know what, we already know that you wouldn't remember it if it was six. So it actually makes more sense that you were eight. It does, it does. Well here comes the great thing.


And this is on topic 'cause he's written a memoir. Yeah. I have tons of memories. I have tons of memories. I know. And I know my kids don't remember shit. So of course I'm quite skeptical of them, but I, they're, I could take a polygraph. Well, yeah, because you believe it. So I do. So you'll pass it. I I I know every time someone says now and I feel bad, but when people say like, oh yeah, I was three. And I remember I'm like, you don't, But okay. I'm reading Bill Gates book right now. Oh, he might 'cause his brains. He I believe it. Yeah. But his brain's different than most people's. So speaking of Yeah. Easter egg. I guess we can talk about this later maybe If you want.


Okay. Have you started telepathy tapes? No. What is that? I saw that in the comments. It's A podcast. Okay. About neurodivergent, mainly nonverbal autism. Oh, Kristen listened to it. Yes she did. Most of the girl, the girls are listening to it in our group and it nonverbal autism, A lot of people have stories about their children Communicating telepathically over a distance of miles. Like in a town. Yeah. Meeting in a place called like Mine Mountain or something where they all, I Haven't got there yet. But also they mainly with their like parents, it's often, I mean, I'm only, I'm only one episode and I do think the human brain Has more potential than we're aware of, than We'll ever know.


Yep. And I think I kind of do think anything is possible. Yeah. For the brain. I Overheard a lot of it. I was debating not whether or not to listen to it. Yeah. I asked a friend that we very much trust you and I an incredibly smart friend. Yeah. He says there's little science to back any of that up. Yeah. And that'll be so hurtful to the people who have experienced this and maybe they've experienced it, whatever. But I I, I would need a pretty robust bit of science behind it to believe that people are tell telepathically communicating over miles. It's a tough one for me. I don't know about the over miles. 'cause I'm not there. Well, someone said something really interesting about it. They were like, we've all in some ways communicated telepathically, like non-verbally to people.


We are very hyper connected to. Sure. And just in a room, you know, you can feel, we can feel energy shifting. There's real, But would you agree? I think that's way more pattern recognition. So like I know you so well, I've observed now so many contexts where things happen and then I see the result of it. Yeah. So, so often we're at a dinner and I hear someone say something and I know in a second what you're gonna think. And then I look over at your face and then you look at me and we, I confirm Oh yeah, I do know exactly. And, and vice versa. Yeah. But you, But that to me is more pattern recognition. Like, oh, in stimulus A generally results in output B. But don't you think even when we're sitting here, I'm sitting there next to you, you can't see my face.


Yeah. But often I can Feel the fuck outta your energy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sure. Sure. And vice versa. I do too. But I can't actually hear your thoughts. I know, but it's, it, I think it's, that's a little like, that's a little rigid, I think. Okay. Because I, I all, I'm, all I'm trying to say is I think people do communicate non-verbally a lot and we don't even really recognize it. Yes. And I do think people are on a scale of how attuned they are to other people's energies. And it depends on the person. Definitely. Yep. And so, I don't know. I'm open to that being Yeah. The truth. Let me just say I want that to be the truth. Yeah. Yeah. I would love the notion that these nonverbal kids are communicating telepathically.


I actually want that. Me too. But I have such a knee jerk about getting duped. Yes. Like I know there's an emotional thread to this that makes it a little bit, and that is a red flag to me. It's like, yes. I think when you get me emotionally involved and I am very sympathetic already to the subjects. Yeah. I'm not really in my most subjective mind anymore. Sure. You know? Yeah. Remember the woman we had on about Hiring more neurodivergent people? Yes. Yes. And she herself was neuro is neurodivergent. Yes. And remember, like she has said a, she had the Opposite Of, she could just pull the meaning from a book, from basically staring at the pages. Like she, she does have skills that just Bogle the mind.


Yes, absolutely. Marine dune. Marine dune. Yeah. Yeah. M dune. That's all very interesting. Yes. And I don't know why I brought that up. There was a, oh, memories. Maybe. Memories or about memories. Okay. Real quick. He said the funniest person he ever worked with was Andrew Reynolds minus us present Company excluded. Exactly. But we have not worked with him. So then it brought up this interesting question, Although you could count us doing an episode with him, I don't count that. That's Our work. That's, And his work is promoting. I don't count it. It's a stretch.


Then that brought up this interesting philosophical question that's in my book. Inter Inter Metzo. There's a really interesting question that comes up in this book I'm reading that's sort of similar to this, of what's a true, what's truth and what's a lie. And I'm gonna, we're we'll talk about it next week. I'll bring it up. Okay, great. Yeah. Read it kind of a riddle. Like do the thing from the book. Exact. Okay. Well that's kind of, that's it. That's it. Yeah. All right. I mean, GLP ones, that was a really interesting topic and conversation. I thought I was happy he talked about it. Yeah, me too. But also, yeah, they're just doing, so they're finding so much interesting stuff about GLP ones. And I'm interested, I'd say 10% of Americanized conversations are about GLP ones.


Yeah. Yeah. It's really wild. Very Fascinating. I kind of Wanna try it. Oh wow. Not for weight loss. For wine. No, not for weight. Yeah. Not, not even for WI just wanna see like what does it do on my psyche? Yeah. Eric's the exact same. Yeah. But there's no shift other than he doesn't eat as much. Right. You know what I'm saying? And he doesn't crave sugar, which that was addiction. And so he's not in a shitty mood 'cause he hasn't eaten 10 pounds of sugar. Right. So it's like it does impact his mood, but not because it's changing his mood, but because he is not actually dealing with all the fallout from Interesting. Yeah. Again, it sounds all great, but beneficial to me. It Might highlight what your addictions are.


'cause If you stop wanting something, it might tell you like, actually you crave that a lot. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway. All right. So that's it. All right. I rode my bike by your house today. Oh, you Did? Yeah. Did you wave? Yeah. Love you. Love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


On January 5th, 2024, an Alaska Airlines door plug tore away. Mid-flight, leaving a gaping hole in the side of a plane that carried 171 passengers. This heart-stopping incident was just the latest in a string of crises surrounding the aviation manufacturing giant Boeing. In the past decade, Boeing has been involved in a series of damning scandals and deadly crashes that have chipped away at its once Sterling reputation at the center of it all. The 7 37 max, the latest season of business wars explores how Boeing wants the gold standard of aviation. Engineering descended into a nightmare of safety concerns and public mistrust. The decisions, denials and devastating consequences, bringing the titan to its knees and what, if anything, can save the company's reputation. Now, follow business wars on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge business wars, the unraveling of Boeing early and ad free right now on Wondery Plus.