
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts.


Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dak. She and I'm joined by Monica Padman. Hello. Our good buddy is here today. Yes, he's wild. Josh Brolin. He is an award-winning actor, the Goonies, No Country For Old Men. Sicario Dune milk, and a book I absolutely loved, which is out right now called From Under the Truck. And we Daringly asked him on the spot if he would read one of the stories. Cold Read. Cold read of my favorite story in the book. And he obliged that sweetheart that he is Also this episode's on video if people wanna watch it.


Oh yes, yes, yes. This is on video. Josh is so fucking handsome. To not watch the words come out of that gorgeous mug would be it's mistake. It'd be a travesty. So go over to YouTube and watch this.


Enjoy. If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC. Terms and more at Apple Card dot


com.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, check that you have all the ingredients for a recipe before you start cooking dinner. Or checking If you need to use the bathroom before you start recording. So you don't need to take a break. Mid show checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is intended for audiences in the US only. Savings vary terms. Apply Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates. Northbrook, Illinois.


You were here three years ago. Oh my God. Which kind of shocked me. Wow. That's crazy. As I listened this morning on my bike ride. Wait, the last time I saw you. That's True. You pulled in the driveway 'cause you did Ted's podcast. That's right. It was after that when I thought I was having marital problems but I wasn't. Oh Did you? Yeah. Okay. No, I fluctuate. Oh you shared. I always share. That's great because I'm one of these guys kind of like a book where you have to, to manifest it in order to get it out of you because you know the you that it's happening in is not perceiving it correctly. Yeah. You know enough to not trust your assessment of things. And that has nothing to do with a program thing. I just know that. So what's Tricky though is, and I think we do the same thing, is my wife, well and Monica as well, 'cause we talk so much, they're my two kind of check-ins.


They'll say to me, you're crazy right now. That theory makes no sense. I know you've convinced yourself that's what's happening. Yeah. But what's tricky is if your kind of check system is the person you're having trouble with, where do you go? So where do you go? I have a specific person I go to. I usually go to Dak Shepherd. Well you're not checking Enough how that, How that out out. I don't remember hearing any of your crazy we've filed. No, who do I go to? There's a couple of pe You have one person that you go to and Ironically it is your doppelganger. Matt Damon. No, Tom Hansen. I don't know if we've discussed this. Yes. We Have three. Not that Matt Damon is My dog. There is a Venn diagram there. Me Mad of Handsomeness, really mad. Tom Hanson, Tom handsome. I love Tom.


Handsome Tom. It didn't actually end up happening, but you and I spoke about this, is that Tom kind of coerced me into his thing and we had a great conversation. We talked about surfing. We had everything in common that there was to have. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And apparently, which I never really saw that we look like each other. So why he's not my lawyer doesn't make any sense other than Cliff Gilbert l who brought me in, which is how business works. And you learn that later. They bring you in as a top dog and they go, you're amazing. We wanna represent you and we've been trying to represent you since before you were born. They Flatter You death and you go and they flatter the shit outta you. Then you get in there and then you never see that person again.


Yeah. That's the big bait and switch. You meet the owner of the agency and then you never see them again. You never them again. You quit and then they call you again when you're quitting. Yeah. Yeah. What are you doing? Hey, why are you changing? Love you. We have been focusing, do you Know how Much time we've put into you? I go, you don't even know my name bro. You had to look it up. I have to say this to finish that thought. Yeah. Is the hand me downs that I've always gotten have been better than what could have been had I gone with the top dogs. Oh yeah. Because Those hand-me-downs turned into the top dogs And they care And they care. They still care. They give a shit. There's something very personal still. Wendy Kirk is my lawyer and she is with JSSK. And what she has done, they even offered her a partnership when she changed and she said, no, I don't like what it does to me.


Wow. Whoa. And they forced her to be a partner. Oh my. Wow. So she's a partner. She works with Obama. I mean, she's a high-end. There's a really great metaphor here, which is yeah. The person under the owner, of course wants to get in with you and they can have some ownership over the ride, which is what we all want. Right? They want to collaborate in a sense. Totally. If they inherit Jack Nicholson, there's really no ownership. And I mostly just think, well I should be with that person because that would prove I am a value or I have status or something. And I would deny someone this great opportunity to help me and allowed myself to be helped. So back to Tom Hansen. So when you were saying you met with him, it was in a professional capacity, but it could very well just been in a sobriety capacity.


I interviewed him and he's very open where we spoke openly about it. When you were saying he was anonymous, bringing in it's anonymous program, you know. No, he outed himself in the episode That goes out the window in this podcast. But it's not. But even in the rooms, it's not anonymous. Right. I never understood it. Somebody goes, do you wanna share? And you go, yeah. So today, and they go, Hey, what's your name? That's a big no. Now what's your Name? And you go, why do I have to say my name? Because back in the day, the first hundred that the book is based on, you never had to say your name, you didn't, you just had to say, I'm alcoholic, I'm an alcoholic. That makes a, makes a little more sense. So it doesn't make any sense. The hypocrisy of Hello, State your Name, identify yourself, and people take a certain pleasure out of going, who are you? Yeah, totally. And I'm usually the guy that says, shut the fuck up.


It's an anonymous program and I start to do People get in fights in AA meetings. There are no, I don't. Well I know you almost got in a fight once with Eric Dane. We talked about that as as well in an AA Meeting. Yeah. At Tom Hanson's house. Seriously. With the actor Eric Dane. Do you know Eric Dane? Yeah, of course. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He and I walked out to Tom's driveway in the middle of a meeting Because you got into it. Really? Yeah. I was sponsoring this kid and he yelled at this kid and I already had a ax to grind with him, so Wow. I go, let's go motherfucker outside. It's a low point. But anyways, when you were saying Tom Hansen was gonna bring you in. Yeah. It very well could have meant he was inviting you to the meeting. That's where my head went. When you said I didn't meet with him. Yeah. 'cause that's your experience. Yeah. Yeah. My experience is purely on a professional capacity, but I was just with him and he does look like you guys and you guys are both blessed.


You're both very handsome. Okay. So I have, and I just texted you this the other day, you are in my algorithm on Instagram in a way that only Corey Feldman is. I see dually. I understand the parallel. There's no connective goonies tissue there. That's not why it's there. I know that. Monica, really quick, just for a fun question. What human is in your algorithm? You constantly see this person come up and you know, it has its moments where it's like this person will show up for this two months. Am I following them? Well That's what's interesting. Probably I'm following Josh, but I'm not following Feldman. But I guess people who like the shit I like cars or whatever, they like these Feldman videos. So it knows that I might like 'em. Huh. And I liked a couple, but then I didn't like 'em anymore.


It was really fun. For like a month. Yeah. And then I don't like it at all. And you know what you did, which what I did is you forwarded them to other people. You were like, oh my God, look at this lead that he did. By the way, I have nothing against Feldman. No. How could you? It's his own. What I questioned the whole time was, does he know? And I think that's what drew everybody in. When you sit there and you're just going like this, do you know anything about This? Not really. He's not in my algorithm. Felman. But you're a Goonies fan, right? I remember that from before. No, you're not a Goonies fan. I Mean I That was a look of absolute, almost disgust. No panic. Was it panic? It was panic because it was, I think I have to say yes, but that's a straight up lie.


I think maybe I've only half seen it. Only half seen it. Half Oh half seen it. Yeah. Yeah. Like maybe whenever you're Not in the movie she fast forwards. No, but I kind of like the idea. I Only saw your parts. I only have seen it, meaning I didn't react like everybody else. I just saw it. I didn't like or dislike Have. No, I just saw it Plain and simple. So no, No. You must be thinking of your doppelganger, Matt Damon, Goodwill Hunting. You're just, that's confused. But Cory Feldman. Sorry. No. What's happening? Yeah, So he tours, he's a musician and what's happening, a lead singer and a guitar player. And he's on tour seemingly many dates a year. 'cause the videos come hot and fast. Good for him. He does guitar solos and he sings, which He's been doing for a very long time.


It's just recently he went on a tour he was opening for Fred Durst and Fred Durst brilliantly created this whole thing called like the worst tour in the world. Oh. Oh wow. I can't remember. It's not called that but it's something like that. So It's intentional From Fred Dursts point of view. But I think he took, which was genius, Corey Feldman and said, you open for me and then we're gonna come out and do our bullshit. And Fred has a huge white beard now and comes out with basically what he wore back in the day. And it's just fucking funny. But when you see Corey doing his thing, which is what he's always done, there's no difference in what he was doing during the Goonies back in that day and what he's doing now. There's just a seriousness to it.


Sincerity that confuses. So similar, exact same thing. And I didn't forward to anybody. I did immediately text my best friend Aaron and say like, are you seeing these felonies? Like this is all I'm seeing. And yes, the great curiosity, which by the way, not even to be political, that was always my great curiosity about Trump. That's what I'm most interested in. Yeah. Is he in on any of this or is he not in on it? That's what I'm not sure about. He is. But all to say Brolin for much different reasons has just infiltrated my algorithm. Wow. That's exciting. I love it. And I texted the other day and I'm like, I watch four or five interviews with you a day. Yeah. A day. A day. And I like every single one of 'em. God, how many interviews are you doing? Well I Literally, the point I'm getting to, that's The point.


Oh wow. So first question, is this the most press you've ever done for anything? Let's start there. Yes. To promote your book. Yes. I have hoarded myself out to this dog and pony like I never have before. Selfishly, when we have a guest coming up and I start seeing that the guest is everywhere, I just kind of go, Ugh, I'm bummed. Like what new are we gonna get? Two things. Yeah. What new are they gonna say? And then are people just sick of this person? 'cause I know I've seen them six places, so I saw you everywhere. And my first thought was like, oh bummer. Like we're gonna be less. But then my true belief in what you and I share, that we could also have something completely original and different. That's for sure. Yeah. I don't wanna be hyperbolic, I wanna make sure I'm being honest here, but I can't remember a book I've read that took me more through it personally.


And I don't want to to make this about myself, But, but why not? I am also writing something. I imagine we have some of the same fears about writing something and I'm just reading it and I'm like, this could be my book. I could be writing this book. I Could see That. And I'm extra mean to you because I'm extra mean to me. And I'm like, oh yeah, we have the same story. The fucking story. Like I'm getting really mad at myself reading the book. Oh, but in a glorious way. No, but tell me why. The amount of things we had to do to be dangerous and scary so that no one would try to hurt us. Oh yeah. How exhausting for everyone. I'm like reading my own inventory.


Oh yeah. Now I know what you mean. I'm also having great forgiveness for myself because I have great forgiveness for you. 'cause I just adore you. I agree. It's very mutual. Thank you. But I'm reading it in a way that I don't read other books just 'cause it feels so familiar to me. And I am constantly checking myself and going, really? You're just a fucking egomaniacal piece of shit. And I'm so mad at myself. But then I'm reading your book and I'm like, what the fuck else was this guy gonna do? He grew up in a cage with a wolf Like, what was this with the chimp? Right? Did you read It by The way? No, I don't read the books on purpose. I love when people are honest. Yeah. Like I did Rogan. And I go, so where's the book? And he goes, I don't know. Where is the book? Oh. And I was like, fuck you mean, where is the book?


We sent you the book. Yeah. And he was like, yeah, where is it? I'm like, so you didn't read the book? Read the fucking Book. It's like the goony situation I was put into. No, no, no. But I do on purpose in case things get too esoteric for people who have not read It. Oh good. It's actually by design. So I'll have read some crazy book on, you know, astrophysics and all of a sudden me and the person we've left the planet. Am I gonna say, Hey, no one knows you're talking about, Hey, even this. Like I wanna know why specifically the why the parts that you resonate with. Well, Wait, Let me interrupt you for a second. First of all the fears in writing a book, I didn't have a fear. I've told this story before, but there was only one moment where I kind of said, you need to be just a little bit more inspiring in order to be attractive to a wider audience.


And I wrote probably 40,000 words with that in the back of my head, having told nobody. And then my lit agent, she read the first chapter and she said, first chapter is really good. You've smoothed it out. It's very clear. You've simplified a lot of things. It's great. What the fuck happened with chapter two? And that was the one you were gonna protect Yourself with. Not even protect myself, but just give it a little more positive umph. Yeah. First of all, I fell in love with her at that moment because I was like, you see me? Which I think that's the biggest thing you see behind the tough and the thing and the guy and and she said, you need to go back and rewrite it. I said the whole thing. And she goes, what part?


Go back and be you. If you cheat or if there's an affectation or if you're trying to write for somebody else, it's never gonna work. The other thing is the fear didn't come until I was two days into the Audible. I speak well, I speak in front of an audience. Well I can read other people's books. Well, there was something about reading through my own book where I was tripping through every sentence. I was started to shame spiral. And then within that shame spiral, I started to say I wish that I could burn any evidence that this thing ever existed. Even as an idea. I've done the dumbest thing I should have just wrote when I did the Goonies, me and Cory Feldman used to go to lunch together and it was so fun.


He was so smart. And he was playing music then too. And there's some people that have reacted to it like, this is the fucking worst book I've ever read because wasn't he married for nine years? Where's that spoon feed us the shit. Which I understand there's a certain amount of that when you call it a memoir that you want. This is really more about children and parents. That's what it is to me. It's like surviving nurture to get to nature, trying to get rid of the habits that you acquired during nurture and then confronting those and hopefully thriving within that nature. Figuring out a way to thrive within that nature. So then children come in and all that kind of stuff. And I've learned that through people's reaction because people's reaction is either really negative because of the form, because of how it's laid out or super fucking personal and emotional.


Yeah. Put me in the ladder. I know. And that's kind of what I'm saying. I probably didn't do the headline correctly, but I'm just saying, I'm judging you so unfairly and severely because I hear myself and I hate myself, myself a lot of the time, so you Hate me, Therefore, and I really relate to that reading your own thing out loud because when you're writing it, you're really just broadcasting the way you do in life. I'm telling you my story, but when you're hearing it, you're actually now the audience. And now you're like, God, do I sound like that all the time? A B, that's really tragic. What I'm acting like was no big deal. That to me is really the heartbreaking part. And that's the stuff that I found like a ton of compassion towards you.


And I do this a lot and I think for Monica and the people in my life, I have such a nonchalant way of going through all this stuff. And when I am hearing your nonchalant version of it, I wanna go. Yeah, you were really scared. This was a very, very scary ride. You were on, you were a little person. You have little people. I have little people. Yeah. There's no way you weren't terrified and there's no way I wasn't terrified. I don't know. Your book has helped me kind of really embrace that part. Like go ahead and acknowledge that. No, you were fucking terrified a lot of the time. And it's colorful and cool and it's my story now. But let's also be honest about the fact that you spent a lot of your life quite scared of everything going on around you.


There is an indictment and Howard Stern brought this up now I think you two the most took it very personally. And he took it very personally because he had a paralleled thing with his mom. And he was like, this is not fucking okay, I want to hear you admit that it's not okay. And you go, yes, of course there's an indictment. I can see it clearly, especially now in how I parent my kids and how I've always parented my kids, albeit messily. Yeah. But how I feel about that time is it was a trauma or a tragedy or whatever it is because of this narcissistic vortex that I was living in. Are you unable to celebrate the child? If your child does a drawing for you on a post-it, are you gonna put it on your chest and wear it around so the child can go, oh my God, that guy loves my drawing, or I don't understand what this is.


Well, can you make it more like this and more like this? Or can you dress more like this? So when a picture is taken with me and the child, it makes me look like, you know, that's all narcissistic bullshit. And it goes back to one image and that one image that my dad would say, my dad was very open about this. I don't know if he found it funny or if he just found it informational and just didn't care how it was perceived. But my dad used to say, I remember when your mom was in the driver's seat, you were in the passenger seat and you guys were arguing. And my dad was in the back with his hands over his ears. And you go, that's a family tree. And you go, who's the husband? The kid? Yeah. The 8-year-old kid who's going, man, just fucking drive.


Like why do you gotta stop the car and argue, just drive or whatever. And then the dad's in the back with his hands over his ears and you go, okay. So that was how that whole thing was set up. And by the way, where's my brother? He's not even part of that diagram because he was a guy that didn't have the fight that you have that I have. He just got lost in it. He didn't have the fight. So he lives his life in a very, very simple way. Now, Just for people listening, I think that is a version of fighting. Absolutely. We had this conversation sort of recently randomly where we were at odds at how to handle a situation that affects both of us. And he was like, well, we're just different. I'm a fighter. And I was like, I'm a fighter too, but I fight differently.


Differently. There's just always of surviving. Yeah, Yeah. They're all Just survival Mechanism mechanisms. Yeah. And whatever works best. How do You fight though? I'm curious. I Mean, I do fight your version also. Well, she and I, so that's why also I was like, what are you talking about? We yelled and screamed at each other last night. Yeah. I think you'll fight with the people in your circle and I'll fight with strangers. I think maybe that's the DI Think I learned wells too early on. Being a marginalized person that wasn't gonna work for me, yelling and screaming. That would just remove me from the, I was already on the cusp of getting removed, so that wasn't gonna work. That's my wife. Yeah. It's getting actually close to those people.


Oh yeah, That's right. That's right. That's right. How funny is that? It is. It almost is. That's A cultural thing For sure. Yes, for sure. It's like getting close, understanding the person and figuring out what they need from you in order to stay To move Forward. Yeah, I I had some epiphanies reading it. So just to lay it out, so people who haven't read it yet, I really recommend it from the bottom of my heart. But also in your previous interview, we got a taste of the chaos, right? You were living in an animal life or an animal way station. Your mother collected these animals that were by all accounts, wild By all accounts. By All accounts, wild. And she also was a very active drinker. She was sexually very active.


Mm. Yeah. I found out more and more now people have come out to the woodwork outta the Woodworks, and maybe I shouldn't even say sexual, but she engaged men nonstop. The sexuality was just as much psychic as it was everything. Sure. It was a mental game. It was a sexual game. It was a physical game. It was a spiritual game. You Were regularly though at truck stops, at shitty hotels all the time. She was vagabond, she was dragging you guys around. God knows what she was looking for. But she was interacting with, again, this is where it's no matter what you think it is, or when you tell it to people, she's going up to truck drivers and restaurants and going like, that's a stupid hat. What's going on with that hat? Her technique to engage people was to neg them and be aggressive and be fearless.


And sure there's some fun and excitement and watching her navigate that and land the plane safely every time. But also as an 8-year-old, watching the scary dude in the corner that mom's getting in the face of also is terrifying to no end. Yeah. So unpredictable. But you don't know why, because it's all, you know, it's like a kid being beaten. They know it hurts. They think it's standard. But some primitive part of you goes, there is an animal that's 300 pounds and there's another animal that's 105 pounds, and the one third animal is shouting at, you know, there's a reality too. Totally. The swings she was taking that had to be quite scary. Even If you come to expect, she would pull it off. I remember my mom being drunk and there was a church called Joshua's, and Joshua's was turned into a bar and I remember a bar and Pastor os Joshua's, What a rebrand.


I know. What a rebrand. And I remember my mom pulling somebody, or it was James Lee Barrett, the writer. And he was a writer way back in the day. And I remember her pulling him across the table to give him a kiss. Aha. Right? Yeah. So my mom, who was tiny, had that superhuman drunk strength that you know and I know, but it was always a display. She couldn't just get up and go to the other side. She had to pull him across the table. And I told somebody else this the other day and talk about fear, not that I forgot about this. Just there were so many things to write about. It's like, what do you land on? And the book starts to dictate itself. And then what do you cut? I had at one point, 450 pages or something and then knocked it down.


But If you flipped my mom off on the freeway, you were done. She would actively run you off the road at 80 miles an hour or on the cb, she would call a bunch of truckers and you would see that car that had been identified now get boxed in and literally get run off the road by several truckers. But she would freak the fuck out. And when you're an 8-year-old in a car, it was wild. And how ironic that she died hitting a tree with a car, chasing a dude, a Lover. 25 years for junior. Oh yeah. Monica's traumatized right now. I just saw her sad Peripherally. We talked about this. You get two people in life, if you're lucky, who are safe spots.


Yeah. And so if one or both are not safe, they're unpredictable, you have no choice, but your cortisol levels are at a whatever. Totally. That's exactly Right. How you're moving through. That's exactly right. But the whole point, I think ultimately of like, do you feel that this was cathartic in some way? And I go, no. But now I can say yes, it's starting to become cathartic because of people's reactions to it. To me, what's the point of me writing the book other than just loving writing? That's my first and foremost. You know, I'm gonna go to Skylight after this because I used to be on the floor of Skylight reading Russian novels and reading Tulsa and EF and Goggle and Bert and fucking Duan and all that kind of shit when I was 18, 19, 20 years old.


And now I'm gonna go there and I'm gonna see my book on the shelf. That's amazing. But ultimately, how do you accept the chaos of what was and not live the rest of your life as a victim of it? That's the biggest thing. But again, I don't think you and I run the risk of seeing ourselves as a victim. I think we have the opposite complex. Which Is what? Which Is, I think you need to acknowledge a little more your Oh, yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I don't think, think you need to be policing yourself about whether, poor me, I was a victim. That's actually not the thing you need to be on high alert of. It's the, yeah. And I walked through that shit and made me this. I think that's more the fucking Yeah. Thing to monitor. But what is clear throughout this book is you absolutely love your mother too.


You're one of The few people that have said that you Admire her. You've been kind of trying to be her in some manageable way. Totally. She made a fucking impression. No one ever met her and forgot they met her. There's like a lot of attractive stuff about her. I've never thought about the fact that if anyone, not just us, anyone that's the child of a divorce has witnessed that. One of the parents left. That's an option. Truly in the most simple fucking way. It's an option that these people can leave. You know it, now you're down to one. You better fucking love and cherish and perform Wow. For that one person. 'cause you're down to one.


I hold true that I love my mother more than anything. And she is the greatest woman to ever be on planet Earth. Also, I don't know that I had a choice to feel otherwise. Absolutely. That's what I was gonna say. Do you have a choice? No. Somebody leaves and you go, wait a second. If they leave, You can leave. That means you can leave. You can leave. You can leave. Once you get outside of the family, then are you reacting to the potential of anybody leaving? I just think once you put a kid in a situation where they only have one parent left, I just don't know what else That kid could do other than a be really grateful that one didn't leave. So there's this true gratitude, but you just said it. Performing, then you're performing. Yes. Then you're going, how? How do I assure that I'm not down material? That never occurred to me when I was reading your book.


Interesting. I was just like, huh, that's a element. I need to again, go through the fucking catalog. Yeah. And just apply that a little Bit. Ironically, that's a version of the fight I was talking about earlier. That's you fighting in a different way to survive that. And it's not fighting with yelling, it's fighting with love and affection and being the right thing for her and all of that. It's the same Thing. Yeah. You become less reactionary. And the thing with my mom, which didn't work in life, was my mom loved the high octane volley. So you had to be up here. I still deal with that. 'cause I like the high octane volley. Yeah. That's why I like Italy debate. Everyone's Louder. 'cause everybody's, it's culturally like what you said about Georgia, it's culturally at that place.


Yes. All the time. Debate. Debate. So when I get there, they're like, ah. And I'm like, Hey, No one's getting their feelings hurt. No one's getting their feelings hurt. Whereas here I may do something and people go, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Right. Relax. What's the problem? Yeah, yeah. And then if I'm feeling surly or whatever, I go, why does everybody wanna be fucking monotone all the time? Everybody wants to be in yawn mode. And I go, it's okay, let's wake up. And interestingly enough, and this is not necessarily a good thing or a bad thing. I have my 36-year-old Trevor, my 31-year-old Eden, my 6-year-old Wesland and my 3-year-old chapel. And I see it in my older kids.


My son is a little more docile than what we're talking about. My 31-year-old is the only person on this earth probably who scares me. All she has to do is give me a look. And I'm just like you said, she was born with your menacing look. She just has that B brolin brow I call it. It's that kind of neanderthal like brow. The pronounced brow ridge. My youngest daughter has it more pronounced than anybody. So you have the 6-year-old. But I was listening to him this morning and I was trying to say something, and this is often, 'cause we're around our kids all the time. I'm a very present parent. So I go, Hey man, don't talk for 30 seconds. I need to say something to your mom.


And they literally go, okay Papa, go ahead. And I go, okay. And they go, 1, 2, 3. I'm like, you fucking. But I listen to their volley back and forth and their volley is phenomenal to me. It's always on this level. Yeah, yeah. And my wife is always trying to bring it down. And I'm always laughing because I go, that's pretty cool. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Guys are on a different, so I'm still a proponent of that thing. Just not destructively. Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare.


The Apple Watch series 10 is here. It has the biggest display ever. It's also the thinnest Apple Watch ever Making it even more comfortable on your wrist, whether you're running, swimming or sleeping. And it's the fastest charging Apple watch, getting you eight hours of charge in just 15 minutes. The Apple Watch series 10 available for the first time in glossy jet black aluminum compared to previous generations, iPhone, tennis, or later required charge time and actual results will vary.


We are supported by Peloton. Peloton can keep your goals on track no matter what season of life you're in, whether you're starting a new chapter or looking for a way to mix up your routine. Peloton is a variety of classes and class lengths that adapt to all the seasons in your life. Whether you want to try a new type of exercise from cycling to Pilates to yoga, running, and so much more. There are a huge variety of classes to fit whatever you're looking for that day. Or If you just want to try a new trainer, Peloton has world class instructors to keep you motivated. I was at Molly's gym and she has a Peloton and every time I'm there I try to sneak up there and get a little, steal a little sash. Steal a sash. 'cause it is so fun. It is the whole instructor part and the class. Yes. And any chance you can make working out fun, I'll take it. Peloton is everything you've ever wanted to try. Whenever you need it, find your push. Find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


We are supported by Squarespace. If you've been to the armchair expert website, you've seen Squarespace in action. Wbe Wob made our website using Squarespace, the all, all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. What I love about Squarespace is, aside from the functionality, it's just so visually pleasing. And Rob was able to whip this up in no time with all the incredible templates that were available to him. And it looks Very profess. Squarespace just looks good. And Squarespace optimizes your website for every device. So it looks incredible whether users are on their computer, phone or tablet. No matter what type of site you want to build, Squarespace can help you make it. Wanna make an online store. Squarespace makes checkout seamless for your customers with simple but powerful payment tools. Wanna sell exclusive content on your site? Squarespace has the option to add a paywall so you can sell memberships and courses or files that your customers can download, like music or eBooks. Check out Squarespace dot com for a free trial and when you're ready to get started, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash tax to get started today.


It's rough when your whole environment was an 11 and then you're interacting with people that that feels very uncomfortable. Exactly. And I, I get it that it feels uncomfortable. I wrote way too many notes. I see. I love it. We're on sentence one of 15 pages. But back to conceptually the book I wanted to ask you, 'cause you told me some people fucking hate it and some people absolutely love it. And I was wondering why people hated it. And then my hunch was, you've already alluded to it that they wanted this to be your Hollywood stories. And so I imagine for you is probably hard to juggle that. 'cause that in itself is one of the most complicated things to understand the Hollywood show business fame part of this equation. And so if if it were me, I'd be like, that's not what I'm trying to share with you.


Like, do you wanna fucking know me or not? 'cause it's not about that. But then on the outside I would go, but also it's so much of you. How could it not be? If Somebody says, I didn't learn anything about him. They're saying something very specific and they're saying, I didn't get spoon fed the people magazine shit that I was expecting. Some hot gossip. Which is okay. Like I said, I don't have a judgment of that. That's not what this book is and there is no juggling of it. I Wanted to know, did you have to step over the hurdle of wanting the book to be as well written as Cormick McCarthy? Like that you want so bad for it to be the thing that you loved so much?


I think that's one of my continual hurdles when I write, well First of all, if you're writing then you're one of 0.0001% people who are actually writing their own memoirs or writing their own book. Oh yeah. When I found out how many people don't write their own memoirs, I go, but that's a biography That you got paid for. Right, right, right. And the writer didn't. So that's a cheat. And I understand I had a great back and forth with Cher on Graham Norton and I absolutely fucking adored her. She's kind of mom esque, Mischievous, but super honest. Fearless but vulnerable. Said something during and then was looking for me afterwards to say, I didn't mean to suggest this so conscientious, 77, 78 years old.


I was like, that fucking broad is great. Yeah, no, she's a gangster, but Her book legendary icon. So I do want to know what happened in those nine days that she was married to Greg Allman. Right. What the fuck happened? Why was it only nine days? What happened? Take your time. I wanna hear about day time, every day. Every, yeah, yeah. Every Hour. Absolutely. Kind of thing. But I hope you journaled throughout the day With this. It was in Austin, Texas and people paid for a book signing and then a picture and all that. And some guy came up to me and like of all the things he could have said, he said, you're too young to write a memoir. And then he left. I was like, what fuck was that dude? How old was he? He was like 40 or something, 45. But he's right.


It's like if I were to write a tell all I would at the end of my life, My life, life in Hollywood. But going back to what you said, writing a good book that's well written meant everything to me. But It can be daunting. It can Be incredibly daunting If you care about the writing style and you care about somebody who's written thousands and thousands and thousands of pages. Me, I probably have 91 full journals now. I've written several books. I've written several books of poetry. I've written a novella and I Just put it in a corner way too long. Screenplays Never, never wrote a screenplay. Wait, I thought the submarine in the lake next to Fargo. That was a joke. That was always to break the silence and to create a discomfort that made me really happy.


Oh my God, that's not even clear to me in the book, by the way. You got me poorly written. Wait, so what's happening? This comes up multiple times. So to set the stage. Yeah, the structure of the book is like two page stories, four page stories. It's not linear. We're bouncing back and forth from childhood to Goonies to 2023 to this, to that. Yeah. It's all over the map As your memories do. And I think for people on the first approach, it probably is a little off-putting, it's not clicking into their normal format. But I will say, If you stick with it, I do think when I put it down last night, I'm like, I have the whole picture. It didn't come out in the way that I'm used to it coming out, but it's almost like a Nolan movie. I tell people, don't try to figure it out. It'll all of a sudden be clear to you. An Nora takes you and it says, well is it this or is it that?


If you spent all your time watching an Nora going, is it a comedy? Exactly. Or is it a satire? Or did this really happen? Is this based in truth and you're looking at your phone, just fucking follow it. Right. It lend yourself to the craziness and the messiness that life always seems to hand out. The thing is, is that we're always trying to get away from it. What if we just sit in it for a while? It can be super funny. It can be super absurd. It can be super emotional. Well, That's our desire to control. I'm scared 'cause I don't know what this is. I can't enjoy this 'cause I don't know what this is. The submarine fell. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. So this comes up in many different things. He's telling Oliver Stone about this idea. He has the audacity to tell Joel and Ethan Cohen about this, That you have an idea for a script.


And He says the script is 357 pages long and it's about a Russian sub submarine and he has a budget. He doesn't know how much a Russian sub. I thought all this was real. And I'm like, how dare you tell the Coleman brothers about you? What do you, the only direction they write, why are even telling that? That's the point. I know it's great now that I know it, but I didn't get the joke. I Didn't get The joke. I can admit Out loud, I'm embarrassed. I them and they don't talk. There's no small talk. I mean now there is maybe because we're close and all that, but we would sit around and nobody would be saying anything. And what's the one thing that you don't say on set as an actor? I have the script. Yes. Especially the damn such, So great them Tarantino. We could list the three worst people. We would Literally sit there, my God sang nothing.


And I'd be like, I'm so fucking bored right now. And I'd go, Hey listen, I don't want to be inappropriate here. I have an amazing script. I didn't wanna bring it up, but I think now is the right time. And then you hear, you'd hear like one, oh God, clearing her throat. And then I would go off literally until we shot. That's hilarious. And Joel, or even I don't knows, said like, yeah, the submarine parts sounds scary. And he goes, exactly, think King Kong. It's like performance art. You're just doing this around town. That's what directors That's, that's exactly what it's, I'm like kind of re re-analyzing every single time I read that. I'm like, God, he really thought this was a great thing. And it's the town next to Fargo.


So the movie would be called Wi of Papa or whatever the Fuck. No, it's Wal Penton Wal. Which is actually, I had to look up, it was like, what's next to Fargo? Oh my god. Okay. But it's not Fargo, but it's the town next to Fargo. So dumb. Oh, that's great. It's like, how can you waste somebody's time? Torturously waste somebody's time. Wait. But I do wanna say this, that going back there is a point in writing had I just started writing, I think that it would've been affected by my need to be perceived like somebody else. And I wasn't, because there was some point in the trajectory of my writing that I found my voice and I know it's my voice.


I gave this book while I was writing it to only two people. They're both in New York, they're both Jewish, they're both neurotic. Zev Boro and Ethan Cohen. And they both were super fucking honest with me. And Zev said, if for nothing else, this book is a hundred percent you. That Was the objective. That's great. It's not me trying to be this. And somebody goes, oh ow, skiers. So, oh, hunter s Thompson. There were so many influences and people I tried to copy for years. And you go, no, that's me. That's how I write. I think it's kind of actually a, well, there's two things. One of the things in the room is ego. We'll keep that aside for a second. The other thing is a really beautiful and sweet part of us, which is like I read Bukowski and I felt a connection and I felt being seen in a way that if I'm gonna do this, I'll really want that for other people.


So part of it's like a really kind of altruistic and beautiful what you're saying, which is like, if I'm gonna do this, I want it to do the thing the things did to me. Yeah. But now I have to think of those things that did that to me, that's in my mind. And that can be really arresting. But that wasn't necessarily the case with me. That's the greatest exercise of this book was clarifying. There's a great story about Raymond Carver. And Raymond Carver wrote, I think Cathedral that he won the Pulitzer for and short stories. And he was a sober guy. He's all time favorite. Just the best and the most clear. You know, you think of Hemingway short stories, same thing, very, very clear, but a hundred percent them. And when his editor, he was writing and they were like, look, you know you have sentences that are roughly 16 word sentences.


Let's try to bring it down to 12. It was like, why the fuck are you trying to change my sentence? That's what I wanna write. And he was like, yeah, but if we can just economize it and get it down to 12. And then in that volley, he finally said, get outta here. I don't want you as my editor anymore. And a new editor came in and he said, okay, so look, roughly these sentences are 12 word sentences. Let's see if we can get it down to nine. Oh My God. And they were right. Because when you start slashing and when you start taking all the validity of it and the colorizing and all that kind of shit, and you go, what am I trying to convey here? And try to do it in the clearest way possible. There's a story toward the beginning where it's a little 4-year-old kid and all this chaos is going around, mother's throwing cups through the window at the father and all that.


But it's written like a Dr. Seuss story. I took a picture and sent it to Monica of the book. 'cause you used Suan. And the day before, we were on the fact check and I said, one of my favorite terms is Sussan. And literally within, yeah, it was weird. 14 hours. I read in your books My favorite writer Su of all time. Yeah. Incredible. We were watching Grinchy Soul Christmas with the kids the other day. That's the greatest. And I go, this guy really needs to be held in the same regard as Salvador Dali or something. For sure. He's like one of the great thinkers of all time. The great artists of all time. The language, the image is everything. He's an artist on a level of Picasso in my opinion. That's right. Okay. So my favorite, there's some fun Hollywood ones actually that I like. The punchline of Goonies is a really good one. And I think people will know this Lore of Goonies, which is the kids in Goonies, were not allowed, hopefully this is the half of the Goonies you saw.


But I dunno If you remember, there's a point where they, she just threw Out the one thing that you know love. Well, We interviewed Him as our favorite interview. We, He was. So we had him on and it was the best episode of the year by far. Oh yeah. Oh my God. It's the only episode I've ever made my children listen to. He's So special. He's so Special. Fuck is he special. Oh my God. And then took off back to China for 20 years, 25 years doing fight coordinating. Exactly. Yeah. Saw Crazy Rich Asians and said, well, maybe I should go back and try again. Oh, What a story, dude. What a story. Within a year he was on a boat coming here as a refugee, and then he was on a first class flight to Relock to go work with Harrison Ford. It's like, how crazy is that? It's the worst luck in the history of mankind and the best luck Of, and I was there in the beginning of that.


I know. Like literally His family would be on the side, you know, Trying to understand what the trying to understand happening Was going On in this country. Yeah. Okay. So famously they built the whole pirate ship and they didn't want the kids to see it. Do you know this Lo? No. Oh, You're the one They wanted when the kids came down, the water sliding, came out of the water and saw that pirate ship that they had built, that they would get their real reactions. Yeah. Okay. That was the goal. Very, very cool idea. Yeah, Great Idea. And so what happens? Okay, so basically they kept us away from it. A practically built ship on the biggest stage in all of Hollywood, which was on Warner Brothers filled with water, 110 foot high long ship.


And they blindfolded us and they finally let us, and we tried to see it and there was no way. And there was security outside. And they backed us in. And then they said, look, we're gonna put you underwater. We have speakers underwater, which didn't exist. It was like some high tech thing. Oh my God. And then we went under and they said, we're gonna say 3, 2, 1. We want you guys to come up, turn around and see the ship. And we want that organic reaction. And finally we went under and we go 3, 2, 1, Go. And we all came up and turned around and I saw it and I went, Fuck hold the Book. You go and Dick Donner. Holy shit. That was, fuck. It was one of the, it was like, holy shit, whatever. I said it was the most organic reaction.


Reaction. Yeah. Think about the amount of work it took to get that first reaction. Yes. Basically, bro fucked up the months of Don Rush Shot. That is totally, Dick Donner was Like, what Do it again? Really funny. Okay, This is fun. Because Damon famously turned down Avatar and he was offered 10% of gross. This is now a really fun story about Matt Damon. Really? Yeah. I turned down Avatar. I, that's why I bring it up. What? I never knew that Matt turned down Avatar. How With on the phone call, 10%. 10% of gross For all. So this is literally a hundreds of millions of dollars.


Literally. Literally few people can remember a time when they go, no, thank you. And that resulted in a $200 million loss of income maybe More. That's crazy. Yeah. You didn't know that. I did not know that. Oh, isn't that? And I Love that. Yes. And he has a great attitude about it Because you don't know. You don't know. And it worked out great for him. I mean, one Of the things that I look back like Keith Ledger was supposed to do no country and then dropped out at some point. And then they looked and looked and everybody wanted it and they said, no, we have a very specific guy. And then I auditioned for it and I sent the video in and they said, who lit it? And all that kind of shit. And it wasn't until I got, who was it, Matt? Matt was supposed to do milk.


He was, and then he had a scheduling conflict. And then Sean Penn, who I had just spent time with in Canada, said, what about Josh? Wow. So it's always, I was supposed to do Birdman. I pulled out a Birdman 'cause I needed to go see my son who was living in Thailand at the time. And then that ended up being Edward Norton. Oh my goodness. At Jurassic Park. Chris Pratt. Well, I just talked to Pratt the other day. Walk me. Wait, You were gonna be Him. It wasn't I was gonna be him. It was gonna be me. He was gonna play Chris Pratt. Didn't way he was gonna be You were gonna be, Chris told Me when we did Avengers together, we were sitting there talking to each other about whatever kids. And he goes, yeah, when I showed up, it was your face on all the Drawings.


Wow. Which happened to me for Deadpool two, which was supposed to be Brad Pitt at some point. Whoa. And I remember going and seeing all the drawings for Deadpool do and seeing all Brad's face and I was like, sorry. Yeah. I'm cheaper. How would you like the Brad Pitt minus version? Jesse Eisenberg was just talking about this with Adventureland. 'cause it was supposed to be Michael Sarah. And he just spent the whole shoot being like, I'm not Michael Serra. I'm not Michael Ser. It was was just panicking the whole time. They wanted Michael Sra and they didn't get him. And now I'm here. Yeah. Is it Adventure? Is that the one he directed? No, no. Adventureland was Greg Mottola. Oh, got it. Right, right, right, Right, right. The one he just directed is fantastic. Yeah, I heard it's Really good.


Yeah. It's really, really good. It's really interest and original. Yeah. Okay. Back to the book. Yeah. Yeah. So there is fun. My own selfish curiosity, and I'm glad you developed a relationship with him, but you have this funny beginning and end to Nick Nolte. Explain the first time you saw him to Monica. My Editor Noah Ecker at Harper Collins, who has been really wonderful and he didn't suggest a lot during the writing. I thought there was gonna be this whole, you need to change this and flip this into this. And it wasn't. But one suggestion he did make, because I wrote the story about how I had gotten into a thing with my wife at the time, and I was going down Columbus Avenue with just pants on, no shoes, no shirt, kind of outta my mind. And I looked over and there was this guy sitting at this cafe, and it turned out to be Nick Nolte, who I recognized.


He had no reason to recognize me. Sure. And Like Monica, he hadn't seen Goonies. Yeah, Exactly. It was like Nick and Monica. So we have Promise, But I remember a slight smile on his face, and it was almost like, get Ready Kit. Oh. Like it gets way our, as You say, and I would've about the same thing as like he saw in this young Shirtless Man, and that looks familiar. Yeah. Yes. I saw my future and he saw his past or whatever. Yeah. Whatever it was. So my editor said, is there a follow up to that? Yeah. And I go, there's actually several follow ups to that. And then I chose the Night Watch story where I'm cutting off my thumb. Part of the reason that I chose that it was because this guy who hadn't gone anywhere for a long time had these moments during that 22 years night watch or flirting with Disaster, where it could have been a big hit.


And then it wasn't necessarily, yeah. Flirting With Disaster was a really revered and is still a revered movie. It's in my top three comedies. I list it all the time, but Not a lot of people have seen it. Have you ever seen flirting? I Have seen that. It is unbelievable. It's an Unbelievable Movie. Think, watch It. Maybe. And I loved it. All that Mary Tyler Moore, George Siegel, Patty Arquette, Patricia Arquette, Ben Stiller, te Leoni, Richard Jenkins, Richard Jenkins kind steals. These are lover in the movie. He's my lover. He's my lover in movie. And that was a moment, you know, it was like, I'm fucking acting with Nick Nolte. But you say, when you're in this scene with him, he wants to breathe with you when that's happening. He's actually not Nick Nolte the magic. No man is real.


And when you're looking in somebody's eyes and you don't see them, and that's whether it be the book, whether it be acting, even though I didn't grow up in Hollywood, my dad was an actor. There was a celebrity thing in it because he went from Total Unknown to Marcus Welby, md, which was basically like the friends of its time. So there was all this attention and how he dealt with that attention. There was a lot of irritability and a lot of confusion. And you know, you have to go do this, and you have to be this, and you have to present your wife. It was not great. Didn't come natural to him. So there was nothing about it in that way that was attractive to me. But behaviorally, and I think If you go back into this book, you go, oh, it was so behaviorally chaotic for me as a kid, or my brother as a kid.


That of course I would be obsessed with why people do what they do. And what a great way to explore that in acting. You know? That Was the toe hold for you. That was it. Yeah. Yeah. That was, it's A version of a psychology degree. Totally. That's exactly what it is. It's like, would you become a psychologist just to be around people who are constantly talking about this thing that is endlessly interesting to me. Yeah. Or experientially be inside of it. And then you're with Nick Nte and you're like, this is fucking crazy. Nick ended up saving my life later. There was a whole relationship. You Ping ponged. Yeah. Well, he's a ping pong kind of guy. Yeah. I only know the lore never met him. I've heard some, the best, biggest guitar, almost impossible to believe stories about him.


I mean, literally walk into his house and you go, Nick, are you there? And he'd go, yeah. And You go, I guess he's here. You know? And then you'd go, I in the back Room, is he like an armchair chemist? He's like growing things. No, That's what I mean. So you'd go in the back room or whatever past the living room and he'd be sitting there looking into a microscope and studying his blood. He like six bandaids on his arms. And You'd go, Hey, man. And by the way, not on drugs, not no sober. Okay. But he has also partaken in drugs. He has. Yeah. 'cause I've heard some fantastic stories. He Has. I got left with a few questions, and I wanna touch in on my absolute favorite zone you get into in these many different stories.


I have a favorite story in the book. Oh, great. By a landslide. I'd be so interested to know what that is. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mole over. Whether you have a guess. Before we get to That, I do have a guess. Okay. You're raised on this crazy ranch. Life's nuts. You guys moved to Santa Barbara. This is where you get involved with the Cedar Rats. We know about that. We talked about that the last time. Created The Cedar Rats Cr, I'm sorry. Created proprietary. Yeah. Recipe of Ceto Rats. But mom was involved. You say she was like one of the lead people in a pyramid scheme that was just kinda reigning money. Yeah. But I need more info. What was The, do you know the pyramid scheme scheme? I Know the seventies. I know what the pyramid scheme is. Well, That was the pyramid scheme of the seventies. What was that? And it was the beginning. It was the first one. And what you do is If you have the ability to kind of, whether you'd say manipulate, but she was so good at cold calling people and saying, Hey, If you give $5,000 to this pyramid scheme, so If you have eight people on the bottom, that works itself to six people, four people, two people, one person.


And then once you get more people on the bottom, you get whatever money has been accumulated in that pyramid. And then you start a new pyramid. She would have 20 pyramids going at once. She could call a hundred, 200 people a day and get people involved. Yeah. So she was getting that money one bag after another, Dumping bags of money on the table. Dude. She Would come in with literally grocery bags full of money, and then she'd dump it. But I can see it right now. It was right on the side of her bed. And she'd dump it and she'd say, count. So I counted, I count 50 grand. And then at some point she was put on a hit list. Ultimately she found out she was the third person on the list. And the first two people had not been killed, but had been severely beaten.


Oh my God. Yeah. And those are the people who didn't get their money back. Because Also, simply because I'm obsessed with money, it's like the whole time I'm reading the book, I'm like, what is mom doing for a living? It's like, where is this ranch come from? My dad. Your Dad. Okay. And then this pyramid. So then a windfall of money, which is fascinating. And then you're stealing a good deal of it. Maybe six grand of it you found? Yeah. Yeah. While you were counting, you were talking. And so I knew it was around there somewhere. And when you're a 13-year-old kid, you're not even 13, 12-year-old kid who has this pension for addictions. Yes. That you don't even know about yet. And then you're taking each piece of furniture saying there's gotta be a hollow spot on the floor or whatever. And then finally hearing that chunk Cho, or a piece of wood goes, I got Rock Hard Co And falls out.


And you're like, yes. And I paid her back. You did? After I did goodies, I gave her a check for six grand. And she didn't know what it was for. She didn't know it was gone. 'cause she had money coming in and out all The time. It's like these cartel people, they lose hundreds of millions of dollars in hold. I don even know It's, she was a drug dealer. Yes. She was a kingpin. Yeah. And I just can't imagine anything more exciting than being 12 years old and having access to six grand and how much fun me and my friends would've had. Oh My God. Mike Herbert, who's still one of my closest friends, he looked older. So he would go to the drum shop, or he would go to mustache. This thing. He had a mustache. Yeah. Herba State. The Herba State. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So the times I like the book the most is when you're telling on yourself That makes sense.


It's Crazy how that's the most beautiful part of people. It is the most beautiful part of accountability. It's just so counterintuitive To some, most people, not all. Yeah. I guess A, was that stuff hard to write? Or has our 30 years in AA helped us get to a point where we know we'll be loved? On the other side of that, was it hard? It's hard after you do it and you put it out there and somebody says, this is the worst book I've ever read in my life. And you go, huh. But ultimately it's even better because then you start to realize the thing that you've learned early on in the program is that has everything to do with them and not about me. They're like, I don't want you to reveal shit, man. Yes. That means I have to reveal shit.


Exactly. And if I have to reveal shit, I don't want to do that. We Just talked about this, or the story I've been telling myself, which is, no one will love me if I tell these things might be incorrect. Because you're doing it and people love you. And so it's very threatening to the core story. They've been telling Power of example, within massive discomfort. I love the idea of anybody, even with acting, you know, you're like, Hey, you got a scene coming up where you have to cry. So I think about my dead grandmother never made me cry. So crisis mode puts me in a different place. Now if I think of a mother lifting a car off her kid, like even when I say it, forget it. Same, same, same. That's it. I'm done.


If I think of people who go beyond this design of themselves that they feel that they have to adhere to and the betterment of humanity. Yes. I lose it. Powerful. Yeah, me too. So the tragedy that makes most people cry to me, feels very expected. Of course, that person died, and of course this happened. Life sucks and it's gonna get worse. That's when people are, can't say That in front of Monica. Genuine. No, I get it. When they're genuine and earnest and sincere in the face of how risky mode it is to be, I lose it, Bro. I lose my shit When someone's sincere and earnest and do it out loud, literally about it. I'm like, thank you so much. Being fucking earnest and beautiful in this world where people are gonna call you all kinds of things for being that way is, oh, That's it.


My daughter had, you know, whatever fears, she did it last night. We went to the ice cream shop. I said, go ask for another spoon. She dropped her spoon and she was looking back and I could see building up the whole, oh my God, I'm gonna have to go in there. What if it doesn't come out right? And I said, don't think, just go. And then finally she went and she did it, and she came back with a smile on her face, dude, Hi. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Forget it. Bravery. Yes. Just bravery. Yes. Okay. So the part of the book I don't relate to you on, and I've really been spared this, and it's the thing that really probably gave me the most compassion for your story, is I never was out there in the bowels of my addiction with kids.


I had my mom as my voice. Right? Like I would be at the depths of some deplorable ass. You Didn't have kids yet, But I would think of, mom, Forget it. I would've been a dead. Like, God, My mom saw me buying this crack right now. And you know, like, oh my God, what would my mom think? I think I know what shame I've carried around. But so many of your stories, when it is C and you're in your craziness and you're getting stabbed in fucking Costa Rica, of course you're like, I have fucking kids. I have a son I love, I have a daughter. Why aren't I with them? That layer of disappointment in yourself and the shame of that, I have been spared. And I'm just so compassionate to, it must have been so fucking painful to be in those states, just thinking, why aren't I with my kids?


I was 19 years old when Debbie got pregnant and we were living at 2020 Beachwood Villa, just the worst apartment down here on Beachwood Canyon. And then, by the way, when I got off the freeway at Vine, then we moved from 2020 Villa. Once we found out we were gonna have, Trevor went to Hollywood Towers. Yeah, yeah. And then we went over to Kenwood in Los Fli. You know, we just didn't have any money. And that was a really shitty part of town. Just like gunshots all the time and all that stuff. But I was looking at 14 years in prison, and I had fought six cops. So six felonies, basically thought I was Bruce Lee. And they taught me a big Yeah, I told you that story. It's just the dumbest story.


Literally most embarrassing story ever. But great. So again, you're in the habit, you get sober, and then you're like, okay, it's okay. And then you're responsible. And then you go back and go, God, this sobriety feels like a ball and chain. I want to have fun my life. I'm 23 years old, I should be having fun. You convince yourself in all those ways. And then you go back out and it doesn't get worse. It just gets gnarly. It was always gnarly. But I will have been a parent from 20 years old, and my youngest right now will graduate when I'm 70. Wow. So I will have been a parent my entire adult life. So I don't know, life without kids. Right. So whether it's me going off and whatever this messy trajectory is of a human being, which we're all messy, and you just have to accept these moments.


Not that they're okay. It's like people saying they needed to relapse in order to find out. I don't agree necessarily. I relapsed and did I learn anything else? No. But I chose to do it. And I take full accountability for it. There's stuff that I haven't written in the book that my family and I talk about everything. So it's all open and it's all out there. But there's things that I've done that really put my family in jeopardy. And I always tried to keep it separate. I tried to live this life and then I tried to live that life. Yeah, you have that goal, but obviously the thing is more powerful than you. When it would Cross over and bleed over and things would happen. You just go, this is awful. But no matter what I did, whether it was involving addiction, 'cause it wasn't always, there's a story in the book where I go to Portland, Oregon to be discovered.


Oh my God. This is from my own private Idaho, My own pri Idaho. I stayed in a flop house. I mean, I stayed in a true whorehouse. They were like hookers going in and out. And I'm reading Rebo at the time, trying to be that guy. IM, it's a Gus Van San movie about male prostitutes. River Phoenix and Phoenix and Kea Reeves. Beautiful movie. So he's like, I don't know what it's like to be a male prostitute. Maybe I should go figure it out. I can't get an audition for this thing. Okay. I have enough money to fly to Portland, Oregon, and I'm gonna walk around Boystown and Portland, Oregon. And Gus van San obviously hangs out in Boystown because he's Probably scouting for the, Probably scouting for the movie. This Is your camping trip.


And he's gonna see me and he's gonna go, Holy shit. Wait a minute. Have you ever thought about acting? Yeah. Oh yeah. And I go, I have, actually, I'm doing a movie right now. No way. I'm totally available. And by the way, I have to provide for a wife and child right now. So anyway, I ended up, You've all done that? I ended up, yeah, but not like this. We ended up in the adult booze and you got glory holes, Big dicks come through the wall. I went full into it, freaking out. And then also thinking, what am I doing? You have the right ratio of delusion and reality. Totally. So it's like you're delusional enough to go up there, but you're also there going, I'm a fucking fraud. I don't know what I'm doing. This isn't accomplishing anything.


I suck. I have a kid. Why aren't I at home? That's it. And by the way, that's not the first time I did. I did it with Oliver Stone for the doors, and then I heard Val Kilmer Got it. But I was walking around looking like Jim Morrison. Sure, sure. In Tucson, Arizona. Like I thought somehow it would get, it's so sad that the irony is, and I think what the book suggests is you never know, man. If you keep putting yourself out there, you don't know what your life has in store. You just have to keep doing that. You keep having to lift the car off the child. Yeah. You have to keep being brave. You have to be willing to go through the meat grinder and get ground and ground and ground and ground and ground.


'cause you don't know what's gonna be sculpted out of it. So the only time I get nominated so far, Gus fan sand. Wow. I ended up doing W with Oliver Stone. Yeah. How fucking crazy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's insane. Do you tell Oliver Heyman? I was like wandering around acting like Jim Morrison. Yeah. He, he didn't care. And no, he doesn't care. And I loved working with him and I love him. And I don't say that just to say it, but great working relationship. I think he was slightly afraid of me, which was probably a good thing. Yeah. It Takes a lot to scare him. It takes a lot to scare him. And he's usually this guy that's creates this scaring everyone, this chaos. Talk about creating a vortex that he controls. There was a great st. Can I tell you this quick story?


Yeah. Okay. During W, there was a thing and Richard Dreyfus, and I don't know what Richard was going through, I don't know if he was sober or not sober. I think he was sober. But we had a seven page scene and we chose to eat sandwiches. We chose along the lines of doing this movie. We thought, I think he uses his hands a lot. So he's eating potato chips or eating sandwiches or always popping a candy or whatever. We had a scene between me and Dreyfus and it was just seven pages of going back and forth informationally. And I'm eating a sandwich during the time and I say my first line, I go, you know, so VAs, what's today hold? And he goes, and I go, what? This is literally the first line.


And he goes, what? I go, it's your line man. And he goes, what do you mean? What do you mean? And dude, it was just that over. And every time we did the take, he would stare at me. And then Oliver comes in, he goes, what's the problem? I go, I don't fucking know. I dunno what's happening. He studied my ass off of the scene. I don't know what's happening. And the driver was still sitting there and he goes, what? And I go, what do you mean? What dude? Yeah. I don't understand what you're in. Movie. Movie. We have a dialogue. Movie. Movie. It's not a monologue. If there's a dialogue, I'll hold this shit up so you can read it. It was like, why would you do that? I go, so you can speak. And I didn't know. I thought it was like one of those Alan font things where I was like, I'm definitely being pumped. Yeah.


Yeah. I wouldn't know if he was trying to get control over me. I wouldn't know. Did did he? None of his lines. And you never know with actors, 'cause that goes on all the time. I got mad and then Oliver was like, no, I can't have you getting mad. I can't tell you. Getting emotional. You can't get emotional. Go over there and then they're yelling at each other. I didn't know what was happening. Yeah, I did not. I still, to this day, I still dunno what was happen. It's either Dreyfus is a genius or something was going on. Sure. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Liquid IV New Year's resolutions are often about creating new rituals for yourself minus sprinting this year. Yeah, That's a good one. I'm starting, starting to journal more. Journaling, sprinting, take your pick. No matter what your goals, you can enhance them with the support of Liquid iv. It's an easy ritual to start that is scientifically proven to replace necessary nutrients lost from everyday dehydration. Just tear, pour, and enjoy. Liquid IV has delicious true to fruit flavors to keep you hydrated. Like acai berry, lemon, lime, and pina colada. They even have sugar-free flavors like raspberry lemonade and white peach. I love that pina colada. It is so delish. I love electrolytes. We all know this. Yeah. This is tried and true. That's your religion. Break the mold and own your ritual. Just one stick plus 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. So embrace your ritual with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use Code Dax at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code dax@liquidiv.com.


We are supported by Quince when it comes to winter. Cozy is king for the ultimate cold weather necessities made from premium materials. You've gotta check out Quince. With Quince, you can treat yourself to true quality at an affordable price. Like something everyone needs in their closet. Quince, Mongolian, cashmere sweaters, which start at just $50 for real cashmere. That's a great deal. Or they're super soft fleece sweatpants, which are a major upgrade to those old sweats you've had forever. No matter what you're looking for. All Quince items are priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands, and they use premium fabrics and finishes for that high quality feel in every piece. I saw some of these items appear on a very, very trusted gift guide from a friend. Oh really? And yeah, the sweatpants are on there. People love the sweatpants and really great for travel. Yeah. I'm eyeing those sweatpants luxuriate in coziness without the luxury price tag. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for 365 day returns plus free shipping on your order. That's QUIN ce.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


We are supported by Better Help. The start of the new year brings you 365 blank pages waiting to be filled. What do you want your 2025 story to be? Maybe you're ready for a plot twist or maybe there's a part of your story you've been waiting to revise. Think of therapy as your editorial partner helping you write new chapters and become the author of your own life. I know for me, I want 2025 to be filled with a lack of codependency. Hmm. That's nice. Yes. If you wanna start your therapy journey in 2025, join Better help's over 5 million users worldwide. Better Help is fully online, which helps make therapy affordable and convenient. You'll have access to a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. And you can easily switch therapists anytime at no extra cost. Write your story with Better help. Visit better help.com/dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help hlp.com/dax.


Again, back to my favorite part is always when you're telling on yourself, this is a story that could happen to me any given day and it would be a fucking bummer. Your sheep story. I knew it. You did. It's such a beautiful story. I read it out loud to my girls last night and my wife was listening and she said, wow, I can't believe what a great writer he is. Hmm. I totally want to read that book. Wow. It's such a great story. Super cool. And I would love for you to read it. And If you don't wanna read it, I'll read it. Oh Man. I want people to hear this story 'cause I think it would make them wanna read this book. It's a good cover too. Yeah. The cover was Joey Feldman, who's a sober buddy of mine. Okay. Dang. All right.


This is great. 'cause you didn't know you were gonna have to do this No bad. And by the way, I never wrote down this story and I did take my younger kids to this very place where this happened. We revisit it at the Kang. Let's see if I can pronounce this stuff right. When I was ringing out loud, I was like, man is gonna flub this. They won't know. I'll Probably flub this too. 1999, 2000. My girlfriend was getting minor surgery. I had my 11-year-old in my 7-year-old with me. We were visiting her in England. She kept pushing that we should travel, so we eventually came up with Scotland. I've always had a thing for Ireland, but Scotland never really came up before then. The Isle of Sky is a paradise. I would learn later that most of our ancestry comes from the highlands of the Isle of Sky Clan Ross and Clan Reed.


Maybe that would explain the feeling we had when we were there. The kids and I had a banter, where are we gonna sleep tonight? I'd yell to wish they'd reply in equal decibels. We don't care. We didn't care. We were carefree and happy. We were clan Brolin. We were a unit. One day, about five days into a very nomadic vacation, we came across the Kang, a land slip on the northernmost part of Trotternish Isle of Sky, Scotland. There was no car park at that time, but for a little soggy dirt lot along the edge of the road. Everything was new to us there. Everything was a discovery clan. Brolin just rolling along with whatever came along. A trail with barely visible in the distance and from it overlooked a stunning portrait of the valley.


Below, we decided to trek and make use of our whimsy. No water bottle. No idea how long it was. We took off Eden, my 7-year-old holding my hand and Trevor bringing up the rear. The walk was precarious at times, right from the trail's edge. Shot down hundreds of feet it seemed. In moments I questioned myself and my abilities as a parent. What am I doing up here? Why do I do this with little kids? What about a typical playground? Why don't you do what is already set up for children? The trail would even out with the pitch of landscape, and we'd be back freely being our lively selves. Sheep are in high population in Scotland. They're everywhere.


And here was no exception. Blue dots on white riddled parts of the mountainside. Red dots on others. I surmised the colors sprayed onto their thick wool represented ownership. Farmer blue and farmer red. Fine. I like sheep. So do my kids. We've had sheep. They're funny cartoon, funny ba. I suddenly ran toward a flock of them. My arms flailing. I thought it'd make my kids chuckle, watching them run down a hill than up another. The sheep were scared, but no harm, no foul. My children laughed more at me than at them. Our pop is crazy. And I loved living up to the legend. I imagined myself to be in their minds.


We love crazy papa. As I stopped running and waving my hands and just started to turn around toward my kids, I heard a snap. I didn't know what it was. Then as I refocused on the herd beyond now running up a hillside, there was one whose legs were dragging behind it. The front paws desperately scooting the body forward in fits and starts Poppy. What happened to that one? I jogged down to where the flock had been and the lamb was still there struggling. Frenetically. The closer I got, the more it tried to scamper away, but it couldn't. Something wasn't working in its body. I hoped it was in shock because of the sudden change in pitch.


I hoped that maybe the sheep's body had temporarily spasmed and frozen. I put one hand on the back of its neck to try to calm it and the other, I slowly pulled down the length of its spine, vertebrae, vertebrae, vertebrae, vertebra. The sheep. Let out a yell. It was a screech of pain. We were two miles away from the car. That part of its back had collapsed. It moved. Something is broken. I've been raised with wild animals my whole life. Bobcats bit my cheek until it bled. And I've cleaned the cages of wolves, mountain lions and bobcats. Since I can remember. I know how to deal with crisis. I would've been a good soldier. I'm calm under copious amounts of stress.


I looked over my shoulder to my kids. They were staring at me waiting for a sign of how to react. Stay there. I told them, please stay there. I don't know what to do. I was kidding. I was making a joke. This goddamn sheep's back broke. How the fuck did that happen? It was only meant as a joke. What do I do? But I kept a face on. I looked around for anyone else on the trail. Nobody. I looked up to the peaks of the ang, how the fog was just caressing. The tips of him. And I suddenly felt the cold front of death enter my body. The sheep scooted slightly farther forward and bleeded. I grabbed its body and attempted to swing it onto my shoulders.


I couldn't. It was too heavy. I wanted to be that parent who could lift cars to save their child. But no matter how hard I tried to hoist it, it failed. I looked back to my kids who looked sad and anxious, but stoic. They had in them that ranch kid grit. That didn't allow for an instant reaction. They knew it was gonna get worse and to react now would be premature. Turn your heads. They did. I could break its neck. I thought to myself, one startling snap and it would be out of its misery and pain. What if I waited? Would it be better? Where is everyone? I avoided it as long as I could. The sun was getting lower in the sky, and all I knew was that I was gonna have to kill this innocent animal.


I grabbed its muzzle with my left hand and then brought my right hand over the left side of its head, leveraging my left. I'm gonna pull as hard and as fast as I can and it'll go out like a light. One, two. Turn your heads. Cover your ears. They did. 1, 2, 3. I pulled as every organ in my body fell into this hell of my own making ba. The screaming. The sheep kept screaming. Its back. Legs were splayed out and it just screamed and screamed. As it kept reaching forward away from me. It knew it knew I was here to murder it. There was no sign of physical trauma. None.


Can we look? My son yelled over his shoulder. Not yet. I didn't know what to do. My kids were watching me. This was a seminal moment. There was no pride in trying to kill the sheep. There was nothing but shame and inadequacy. I didn't know what I was doing. I should know I was 31 years old. I grew up on a ranch. I grew up around wild animals. I had to assist in the deaths of animals all the time in our house. Cancer age, trauma. I wrapped my hand around the nape of its neck. I told that I was sorry. I was sorry. I didn't know what to do. I had killed wounded animals before a stork on a beach with a broken neck.


Birds flying into windows who could never fly away again. I put my dog down when he was riddled with cancer. I should know how to do this. We were 50 feet from the edge of the cliff. I could throw it off, but what if it survived? I don't know what's down there. What if there's hay or a soft bog? I looked up and the other sheep were watching me from afar. My daughter was crying by now. It was a soft cry. A silent cry. Just tears. My son put his arm around her ranch. Kids consoling each other through each of nature's traumas. But this was because of me. Do they think if I kill this sheep that I would kill them?


Not now, but at any point in their lives, if I do this, will it always be living somewhere under their skin, itching at them. I drag the sheep up the hill while it continued to bleed and try and hold its ground with its front hooves. There was a loose rock. It was an old rock with a layer of Micah and a slight fur of moss covering it. I picked it up and there were two sharp edges visible. I ran my hand over them. They were as sharp as they looked. I imagined the sheep telling me to put it out of its misery. But I knew that wasn't the case. It had no say in the matter. It was all in my head. The truth is, we were all dying on that land slip, but soon one of us would be dead.


And my aim had to be right on. Turn your heads, cover your ears. My daughter wiped away the tears on her face with the backside of her hand. Then put the palms of her hands over her ears. My son followed suit. I lifted the rock above my head. One eye stared up at me from near my feet. The grass along the trail was a deep green. I imagined blood on it. I tried to prepare myself. I am a killer. I kill innocent beings. I'm not funny. There is nothing funny about me. Don't think aim. Save this animal from the pain. I caused it. Aim, please God. Please let me get it right. I stand tall.


The rock suspended above me thunk a dull sound. It's moving. Please God. Keep your heads turned. Small bursts of wind came lift, thunk lift, thunk lift, crack silence. The wind is picking up. My children are cold. I am cold. The world is cold. I feel my children inside me. I see their pain through me. I feel for the pulse of the animal. Silence.


Except for the winds. None of us move. I'm looking down. My children are looking away. The sheep is dead. We stand for a long, long time. We stand there to this day. Oh my. That's beautiful. It's tragic, but it's beautiful. Oh man, that's like fucking carver ass my friend. What a story for me. Of course. I'm always walking this tightrope of trying to give everyone the most spectacular experience. That's exactly Right. And I'm irresponsible and it goes wrong. It's so selfish of me that I, I do things and it goes wrong.


I mean, I'm reading that Kristen and I were in Africa. I see this huge herd of giraffe. I'll have it on video. It's part of our video. It worked out. I ran at the giraffes and they all started running and it was great. One could have tripped if I'd have killed a fucking giraffe trying to entertain this gal. And that's with them for the rest of their life. And that's the kind of things I play with. Yeah. And it's irresponsible. And sometimes it works out, sometimes it doesn't. And I gotta live with the fact that, you know, it doesn't Yeah. That one fucking hit me. 'cause that's really a metaphor for how I've been living my whole life. That's it. Watch me jump off this thing. Watch me do This. We talked it in the beginning.


It's like when you said, when one parent leaves and then you're sitting there and you're having to perform and then there's always this performative sense of self. Like you're the funny guy. You're the crazy guy. You know, especially while drinking. I went out with a guy once, he was from Canada, but we were in LA and we had a certain relationship where I was in my craziest phase. And he brought somebody from Canada and flew her down and said, Hey, I'm gonna take you out with Josh and you'll see. Buckle up, buckle up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I, for some reason I wasn't drinking at that moment. I had a day maybe three days before and I was like, okay, I'm gonna stay off this sauce for a while. And we went to one of the few times I've been there to the viper room and he said, what do you have to drink? And I go, I'm just gonna have water. And he goes, what do you mean?


And I go, I'm not gonna drink tonight. And he said, dude, I brought my friend down from Canada. It's Time for the Josh Show. And I was like, holy shit. I'm your clown. Yeah. I'm the jester. Yeah. And I think that's what my mom was. And it was only toward the end of her life that she started to come to terms. She had thought of a really great story for a series. And she wasn't involved in Hollywood at all. But it had to do with chimps and people. And ironically, this series is out now. Yeah. Called Chimps. I called Jesus first call. Literally. Yeah. Yeah. And she had thought of that story. And somebody said, I love that idea. Let's develop it. And I remember my mom in the kitchen really profusely crying, which she'd never did. And I said, what's up? And she said, I've never been taken seriously in my life.


Mm. So you have the bleed over of that, which is me, some masculine form of that, who's doing that same song and dance, who realizes on his own terms, luckily younger, and says, you know what? I don't want to be this jester all the time. I don't want to be the one that people are happy to escape, but they're happy that exists because they're living life, some version of chaos through me. You're living out their fears weirdly. Their fear, whatever. Yeah. You're the horror movie they go to See, I'm the horror movie that they go, that's It. Yes. And then under all that is, could we love you just 'cause you exist? That's it. Which you can't. And you don't think so? No. And I don't think so. I've gotten the same thing from, I understood people who are obese and you go, Hey, we can do this, or we can do gastros surgery, we can do this.


We do that. And they go, no. And there's this reticence to work out and all this. And then I got it because I paralleled it with the drinking. Oh, without your extra weight, you don't exist. It's the thing that people are always talking about. At least it's something. Without it, you disappear. Maybe you're Invisible. And I always felt that about drinking. Whereas I'd go out and it was like, you know what you did last night? They go, no, tell me. And they go, you were nuts. It was so much fun. But then you did this thing and we climbed this. It was fun for A, And then you jumped and you thought you had a parachute on, but You didn't. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. And I lived off that For years. Yeah.


Well it's the power of identity that we put on ourselves. Like the whole story where you like being the crazy dad and then in one second, you're not the crazy dad, you're a person. That's exactly Right. And that's all we really are. You're Just another person. That's it. Terrify. And can you just terrifying. You find something, it's just terrifying. Yeah. You get to that place eventually where you can say, I'm okay just with what I have around me, my family, the few friends. I don't have to charm everybody. Not everybody has to like me. It's okay. I'm gonna go write a fucking book. This has been incredible. I guess the only thing I wanted from the book, and maybe it'll come in another book, is your mom deserves an explanation.


Why is she that way? Yeah. I was wondering that too. Yeah. Something happened to her. I used to talk to her about it. 'cause my mom was in Camarillo State Hospital. She wasn't there for very long, but her sister was in and out of Bellevue for 30 years. Severely alcoholic. Really crazy. And I got to know her sister later. But I would ask her, and she said, my parents were amazing. She was down in Texas, Corpus Christi, Corpus Christi, Texas. And she'd say, I'd sneak out my window and my parents would come back. They'd be so worried about me. I would yell at them for waiting up for me. She said I was the chaos. And she very readily admitted that do Believe it, Josh. A thousand percent you Right. Maybe not. Because again, her whole thing was she couldn't be vulnerable.


So she had power over that story if it was just her. But I don't know. Nah, maybe, maybe not. Maybe. I don't know. Maybe. You know, we may, we may never know. Well, I fucking adore you. I Adore you, man. Yeah. I'm so glad. Thank you. I don't care If you for taking this, this is your 1000000th interview. I, I got everything I wanted outta it. I'm telling you. It's not like the others. All right. I love you. I love you. We'll do this again. Yeah. Thanks for coming. Thank you. So Lovely. All right. He's an our care expert buddy. Makes mistakes all the time. Thank God. Monica's here. She's gonna let him have the facts. We are coming to you live from an apocalypse, not Live five days late, but five days ago.


Yes. We were in the midst of an apocalypse Wild sky this morning. Yeah. I got up really, really early. You know, part of this resolutions biz is I gotta, I gotta wake up so early to get the things done. Oh. Now that I'm back to writing again in the memoir after the journal. Got it. So I woke up super early. I checked my emails to see if Delta's school was closed. Mm. There was no emails. She was also incredibly excited to go to school. Mm. She was out sick the day before, but she could not get there fast enough today because she bought Freddy in Mexico City, a fidget spinner with grenades on it. That's thoughtful. And the cutest thing was when we were walking down the street with all these little tiny market stands with selling different stuff.


Of course I am checked out. Right. I can't stand shopping. So I'm just kinda like standing. And then she ran over to me and she's like, dad, I need your help. What would a boy like? Aw. So I went over, we looked at this thing and her conclusion after playing with it, the whole trip was, it's the best fidget spinner she had ever. Performance wise. She spun it. Watch how long this thing spins. Anyways, we drive to school right away, even when the sun came out. 'cause I watched the sun come up and I was like, that is the iest sky I've ever seen in la. It's like dark as hell. We get to school. We were, we were early, we were out of the house on time. And I was like, oh, I love you getting here early. Parking's a, a breeze. Wow. Parking's really easy.


Yeah. Walk up to the school. It's Closed. I would've been surprised if it was open. Opened My phone. 7:20 AM that cancellation came in. So I was 20 minutes early. So then we drove up to Freddy's at eight in the morning. Oh. And gave him that present, which was really, really fun. Cute. Yeah. And then got home and we have a couple different groups staying at the house who have been evacuated. Yeah. People. Yeah. So yesterday at like, I guess two, I guess, or one early, a fire started in the Palisades, which is on the west side so far from us. Normally these fires happen in Malibu.


Yeah. Palisades. That's the first for me seeing Palade. Yeah. Palisades was new and closer, more inland, and it just kept going and going and going. And everyone there had to evacuate. And it's gone. The Palisades is gone. The Palisades village is completely gone. All the stores. Yes. Wow. I was watching late last night in the high schools on fire. I was like, whoa. The winds were, They were insane. They were insane. Yeah. And, and that's why the fires got really out of control. And apparently they were, that Palisades fire was moving at five football fields a minute.


Wow. Okay. So five football fields, 500 yards. That's a quarter mile a minute. Crazy. Yeah. The winds were blowing 60 miles an hour. The embers were like just, yeah. I don't know If you saw like the, the female newscaster was given a thing and she just gets engulfed in embers and she's, oh My god. Appropriately. So panicking. Yeah. I was having a moment watching that. This woman is in the pit of hell. She is standing Yeah. Across the street from the high school that's on fire. And then the other side of the street is on fire and there's amber's whipping around everywhere, and she's breathing in tremendous amount of smoke. And of course everyone else is scurrying to get out of there. Right.


And she is there. I know. And I was like, this is the greatest example of like, when you have a goal and you want to do something. Like she wants to be a reporter on the fucking ground when the shit's hitting the fan. Yeah. So for her, it's one experience and it's, and it just, it it illuminated for or illustrated perfectly what your mindset does to your experience in a situation. Yeah. I mean, I, a lot of journalists have a, they chase that. Like, that's, that's, that's a part of their personality. I feel like when we had Anderson Cooper on, we talked a little bit about that. That it's, in some ways it's like an attic's brain. Like there's some element of, of chasing a chaos.


I guess what I, my conclusion was you think a situation is objectively a thing, but really If you want to be there, it's one experience. And If you don't want to be there, it's a completely different experience. The context is identical. It's like I said, If you are, if you're on a football team and you want to tackle the person, you're completely oblivious to the amount of pain you incur because you've chosen to run as fast as you can and tackle the person. If you're sitting on the sidewalk and you're having an ice cream and you're, that's not what you want, you don't expect it and you get hit with the same velocity, it hurts. Right. It doesn't hurt when you want it. And it hurts when you don't want it. And it's just so interesting the power of our brain.


So If you want to be in that situation, you're where you want to be and it's all tolerable. And if it's just came up on you outta nowhere until she, it is a nightmare. Lights on fire. She said something like, okay. Like it was this self-talk of like, okay, we're in the shit now. Right. It was the attitude of someone that wanted to be there. Yeah. I think, and If you get out, you can then reflect back and have that opinion. But if you're in the hospital, But even experientially in the inferno. Yeah. That's fascinating to me. So that happened. And then there was a lot of warnings that likely more fires would start popping up in the night because it was supposed to get much worse.


The winds were supposed to increase between 10:00 PM and 4:00 AM and hit like a hundred miles per hour. Yeah. You know, everyone started like getting these warnings and stuff. I had this app and Yeah. I'm just like staring at the map of LA and just like watching them just pop up all over the place. Well then it became a two front war because on the west side of us it was that. And then Alna. Exactly. And B Brie lives in Altadena. Yeah. Did she have to evacuate? I assume so. I was like, come over If you need to. She's like, oh, we got a hotel. Shockingly. Okay, good. And I'm like, I'm watching that thing. I'm like, where are all these people going? Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Y nab. You put so much time and effort into earning money, you deserve to spend it without stress or second guessing. Y NAB's spelled YNAB is a life-changing app that helps you do what you want with the money you have. With Y nab, you'll create a flexible plan for your money through the simple practice of giving every dollar a job, keeping you focused on the life you want. So you can cover your mortgage and fund your 401k without sacrificing dinners with friends or that long awaited trip to Greece. With YA, you'll stop wondering where your money goes and start deciding where it will take you. The average YN user saves $600 in their first two months and $6,000 in their first year. And 92% of users report feeling less money. Stress, since using YAB Life is short, spend it well with YAB arm. Cherries can claim an exclusive three month free trial with no credit card required at www.ynab.com/dax. That's y nab.com/dax.


Looking at all of this. I was so confused. I was just like, I don't know. Fires. Like, I don't understand them. I don't know where you're supposed to go. If there's a fire on all sides, how do you get anywhere? Yeah. How, how early are you supposed to leave? Should I be going somewhere now? Just in case because Yes. This altena one is on one side of it and at this point is moving into Glendale, which is very close to us. And it's like I, I just felt like I have no idea what to do. And it was You were scared Very. You Were very scared. Yeah. I was up till three staring at this thing worrying and then I lost power and then I lost cell and internet and I couldn't communicate with anyone and it was scary.


Yeah. Sorry. You were scared. That's okay. Yeah. Sometimes it's hard to be by yourself. Hmm. But it was fine. Obviously we're fine here. Thank God we're so lucky to be in a place that we did not have to evacuate. We know people's Well. One of our friends in the Palisades house burnt to The ground. Exactly. Yep. We know people whose houses have burned down. Many people who've had to leave. I found myself on hour two of watching the coverage myself, getting annoyed with human nature. People must be thinking this all over the country, which is like, how many times do we spend hundreds of billions of dollars in the wake of it and continue to put almost nothing into prevention.


I know. I don't understand. Like is at some point the governor gonna go like, we gotta cut the shit and get fucking serious about preventing this stuff. Because I mean, and it'll be expensive, but these start because the winds blow the power lines down. They start a fire. Exactly. We gotta Get the power lines underground. I don't know. That's step one. Power lines shouldn't, that's gonna cost a fortune, but there's no way it's gonna cost as much Is all of them. Those houses that were burning in the Palisades, those are like $40 million houses. Yeah. The bill on that Palisades thing is going to, it is just gonna be gargantuan Across the board. It's like when we think about where talent and energy is being spent, when the the city is on fire, you really start evaluating like, what is the point of all this other extra Aun ma when we can't even get a fire under, it's still like, I think the Alta Dina fire is still at 0% containment.


Yeah. Like yeah. It's wild. Even military. I'm like, why? Why Is it, but no one could fly in it. Last night the winds were way too bad to fly. Like I, I think they're doing a great job. In fact, I was watching it and I was seeing that like already Arizona had deployed a bunch of firefighters towns north of us had deployed. They had, you know, they're coordinating all this stuff. And I was like, when you're at a bar saying you hate the fucking government, that's the government. Somebody comes to help. Exactly. Thank Fucking God. I agree. There's this huge system in place. They don't have their hands on it now. They're gonna, without them, the entire city would burn to the ground.


You'd have no city. And I know you'd go, yeah, good. No government. What the fuck Are you? And then no one repairing it either. Like, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. It's wild. Like you hate the government. That's who's come to Rescue Firefighters. And then also even today, just all the landscape workers. Like there's so many people out there like trying to clear out, there's a huge tree that fell huge that fell on those fields in Commonwealth. So that whole intersection is completely blocked by a tree. And like you, you see these guys out there like trying to get it out. Yeah. It's, it's wild. Yeah, it is wild. It felt very end of days. It's funny 'cause we had done an episode of Armchair Anonymous yesterday.


Yesterday. And we interviewed a nurse who was telling us there was a bomb threat. Yes. I thought about this. And so there was a nursing home that they had to evacuate. Evacuate in Glendale. And there's footage of it and there's just all these old people in wheelchairs and God on beds. And I'm like, again, thank God there's nurses. Oh my God. Oh my God. I know. There's rescue People, infrastructure. Yes. Yes. I know. Oh, I know. I, I agree. I fully agree. That must be part of the reason they build prisons out in the middle of absolutely nowhere. Maybe. 'cause what would you do If you had to release all the prisoners?


So scary. That's probably also, maybe if they escape then it's more time to find them before they like hit a community. Maybe it's part of also why they're remote. Sure, sure, sure. Well, and they're looking for cheap land and no one gives a shit. They don't. Yeah. Yeah. I mean there's numerous reasons, but I was thinking like, yeah, what happens If, you know, when you have, when there's a bomb threat at the prison? Do they just go like, oh, tough shit. We're gonna ride this out. Yeah, the guards are gonna leave. Like what happens At prison? You can't just let inmates out. I know know. Yeah. I wonder if that's ever happened. We Can't search, we have no internet. That's like, yeah. Yeah. We don't have internet here, so we can't do any searches. This is about like doing the podcast in 1994.


Regular radio. Yeah. On 4K cameras. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Ignore that part. But yeah, anyway, it's been, it's been a wild 24 hours. Very eventful. Very eventful. Very eventful. 24 hours in Los Angeles. Oh. And for people who will probably ask, because in today's episode we reference a, that we did a commercial and that it's out, but it's not out yet. We did postpone putting it or they, the company. Yeah. Decided to probably rightfully postpone. So just as nothing el, I mean, what else has happened since? Yeah, nothing really compares, nothing Beats that.


Really. Yeah. Josh Brolin, I think lived in Malibu, so that's a ding, ding, ding. He did live in Malibu, but I think he relocated. Okay. Yeah. Still journaling. Yep. Still journaling. What are we at SE? Eight for eight? Yeah. Today's the eighth, right? Is It seventh, eighth? Today's The eighth. So eight days. Eight to eighth. Eight days of journaling. And I'm also on The eighth day of journal and I wrote down a secret. Secret. Yeah. Secret secret. Now I have to burn, but I can't 'cause of fire. Oh shit. It would be insensitive to burn my journal. And It was interesting because you know, people were like, make sure you have st your stuff ready in case you gotta go fast.


And I was just sort of like looking around my apartment and I was like, what do I, what we gonna bring? What should I take? Like what is important to me? Yeah. And all I took was my passport and my medication. Yeah. I didn't put anything in there. Yeah. I remember I was shooting baby Mama in 2005 or oh six and Griffith Park was on fire and they evacuated all the houses on Los Phillis Boulevard, one of them being mine. And so Carly called me and said, Hey, they're evacuating your thing. You want me to go? What do you want me to grab from the house? Oh. And I was like, everything I've written's on the computer.


Yeah. Grab that. I don't wanna lose everything I've written. Yeah. He said, what about? And I'm like, no, just grab that and get the fuck outta there. Yeah. Like I did Your power go out. It's out currently. It's out Currently. Rob's went out. Yeah. We've been out since Much earlier last night. Seven yesterday. 7:00 PM 7:00 PM Yep. What did you guys, did you like candles and stuff? We did. And then our neighbor's window flew out of the frame and shattered in the side of our house. Wow. The winds were so hot. Yeah. They were crazy Nuts. Yeah. And you could hear it like so loudly as if it was like a thunderstorm. Yeah. Fires are observable and they're predictable. You know where they're at, you know which way the wind's blowing. There's some prediction that can be made.


The wind's like, where did that come from? Why now? When's the next one? You don't know. Yeah. And they're, yeah, they're like 60, 70 mile an hour gust, But okay. But, so this is for Josh Brolin, our friend. I Love him. Just, that was lovely. I just love him. I'm so happy he read his book for us. That was so kind. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Him to do. Someone had heard it on the early release and they said that they cried during that. Oh, I thought that Was nice. That's very nice. Yeah. Yeah. It was very touching and yeah, moving. Okay. So the Fred Durst Corey Feldman tour is called Loserville, which we don't like. Yeah. We don't, we don't love the name of That. I mean, I'm not blaming them for make calling it a bad name, but it makes me feel sad that they called it that.


Yeah. Well what I think is happening is Fred Durst, who, I don't know personally, I've never met him. I seem, I follow him on Instagram 'cause he loves station wagons. That's my full extent. But he seems to be a pretty self-aware person. And I think he's very aware of that Doc Woodstock and the fact that they were, at least in that documentary, kind of credited with this terrible, toxic masculinity, all the gnarly stuff that happened at that festival. I think he's aware that people are associating him with all that. Yeah. And I think he's probably not that as a whatever age guy he is.


Yeah. And I think he's trying to figure out how to own it and continue on being a musician. I don't know. I think he's in an interesting situation. I, yeah. I think this was probably the best attempt at that. Well, this says the Wild Mostly sold out summer tour that brought together two pop culture icons who know exactly what you think of them, So Mm. In the description. Yeah. And then he talks about skylight books, which is down the street from us. You love skylight books? I love skylight books. It's a great bookstore. How often do you find yourself in there? Sometimes I like to just go on walks and that's a nice destination for the walk. 'cause it's a good amount of distance steps.


Yeah. But it, and then it has a nice little ending. It's cute. It's really cute to walk around there. I did my sprints yesterday. How'd they go? You know, that was part of my res do sprints once or twice a week. They're the, I think they're the worst workout you can do. They're Hard. Yeah. I think they might be the very, there's, there's, there's probably something worse that I just haven't done it yet. Yeah. Because biking up the mountain is really terrible, but the sprints are worse. Mm. But I, I did them and then today I am a little taught what does a sprint workout look like? I did one half pace. Well I start at the gate and I run to the far end of the property.


I think that's probably about 75 yards. And I do a half pace one first, then a three quarters pace, one second to loosen and warm my tendons and muscles up. And then it's as fast as I can humanly come out of my blocks and run to the end. And then I'm allowed to walk back to regain my breath, which I barely do. And the second I'm back there, I have to turn and I'm using your clicker finally. Oh, nice. Yes. You got me very early on for my birthday. An ushers clicker. Yeah. Because I always wanted to operate one. Yeah. And I have had it and really not had any great use for it.


Sure. I don't tear tickets often in life. Yeah. But in the past when I did sprints, I'd have like a pile of rocks. I moved every time. Oh geez. Because you gotta lose track. Yeah. So this time was like walk back. The second I'm at the gate, I have to turn, drop, click, sprint. Nice. And so I did 11 sprints. Nice. Yeah. At full pace. Well The win probably didn't help. Yeah. I wasn't noticing it too much at that time. Yeah. But it could have been rough. Could have been a factor. Yeah. The good thing about sprints is they're over quickly. Yeah. Like you can't do sprints for an hour. No, God. At least the way I'm doing it. Where it's just, they're back to back to back.


Now we've talked about this many times, but I, I always, I always feel like it's not correct. So I always check it about Matt Damon and 10% of Avatar. That's, it's correct. It's still correct. Yep. It's still correct. It'll always be correct. It's still correct. 10% Of avatar. There's, what are we at? There's three of them. There's two of them now. That's the part I haven't reconfirmed. Let me see what the grand, I think two are out of those movies worldwide. Avatar number one in 2009 is $2.923 billion. We can call that $3 billion. So that's 300 million.


And let's see, avatar two. Oh we're at 300 million. Let's see the way of the water. We got a grand total on that Bad Boy of 2.3 billion is another two 30. So we're looking at 530 million. Half a billion D. Wow. Be wow. Oh, thank God he is doing it for the right reason. He is. He sure is. That doesn't seem to hurt him at all. That would, He just laughs. That would be, yeah. Yeah. I almost made A half million. I guess that's what you have to do also. And he's made plenty Of money. He's done great. Yeah, he's done great. It's A lot of row. It is. You buy the company, They would never sell it.


Never too much integrity. But what were they just valued at? 600 million? No, a billion. Oh, At a billion. Yeah. Okay. So you buy half of it. Controlling interest. Mm. Oh and part of your stipulations were that the girls had to go out for wine with you a lot. Yeah. With me to pitch you the new product lines. Ooh, that sounds great. Can you imagine sitting with wine and they were showing you sketches and fabrics. I wonder if they're wine girls. I don't think so. Okay. There might, might be more martini girls. Mm. I would put them more in the martini category. Sophisticated. They're Too cool. They're cool Wine's too. Pedestrian A little. I love it. Hey, I love it.


Hey, but I'm pedestrian. What can you do? All right. That's it for Josh. Those Are all the facts. Love you. Love You.


Follow Armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


On January 5th, 2024, an Alaska Airlines door plug tore away. Mid-flight, leaving a gaping hole in the side of a plane that carried 171 passengers. This heart-stopping incident was just the latest in a string of crises surrounding the aviation manufacturing giant Boeing. In the past decade, Boeing has been involved in a series of damning scandals and deadly crashes that have chipped away at its once. Sterling reputation at the center of it all. The 7 37 max. The latest season of business wars explores how Boeing wants the gold standard of aviation. Engineering descended into a nightmare of safety concerns and public mistrust. The decisions, denials and devastating consequences, bringing the titan to its knees and what, if anything, can save the company's reputation. Now, follow business wars on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge business wars, the unraveling of Boeing early and ad free right now on Wondery Plus.