
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple. Podcasts Or. you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. This is Donica. No, Dana. Monica. Oh, there It is. There it is. Take two. As you'll hear in the episode, this comes up this welcome, welcome, welcome. And our name is Getting All Distorted Oh. yeah. She gave some good examples and I forgot to write it down, but we Were gonna nod to her and honor her 'cause she deserves an honoring and an nodding. That's right. But we forgot maybe another one. Yeah. But anyways, in pursuit of trying to remember what she said, we did just come up with Dan Monica, which sounds close to Santa Monica and really incorporates both of us. It's cool. Catherine Hahn, Emmy nominated actor, Bad Moms. Tiny beautiful things.


Juan Avi, Mrs. Fletcher Glass Onion in her new series out now on Disney plus Agatha. All Along, who you fell in love with on Wand Vission. It is a spinoff of her character from Wands. Yeah. Witchy Witches. Please enjoy Kathryn. Hahn not a witch Unless she wants to be one. She's a witch.


We are supported by Audible. We know you love audio content. Thanks for listening to the show. But if your ears are craving more audio, Audible is the place to go. I probably, in truth, spend more time on Audible than any other place. Any other app. Yeah. I'm listening every night for an hour before bed. There's more to imagine when you listen. Whether you're searching for the latest bestsellers and new releases, or you want to catch up on a classic title, you can find it all in the Audible app. And as an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. What are You listening to now? Well, I'm just finishing the world's I see by Fei FEI Lee. It's so good in moving and I. Love it so much. I'm, I'm sad it's ending. Now listen, new members can try Audible for free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash dax. Or text Dax to 500 500.


Explaining football to the friend who's just there for the nachos. Hard tailgating from home like a pro with snacks and drinks. Everyone will love an easy win. And with Instacart helping deliver the snack time MVPs to your door, you are ready for the game in as fast as 30 minutes. So you never miss a play or lose your seat on the couch. Or have to go head to head for the last chicken wing shop game day Faves on Instacart and enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three. Grocery orders offer valid for a limited time. Other fees and terms apply.


He's in on checks. Oh my God. I'm so proud of you. Oh, I'm so proud of you. Oh, proud of you. All three of you. Also the compound Oh. Yeah, probably. I Have. There's nothing here, Right? Just the shell of the house. Probably. Yeah. Did you already do the math? No I Didn't. Six years. Six years. You guys, Does that feel accurate to You? Time is like this right now. Yeah. Yeah.


Yeah. And increasingly so. Right time. Well I just went to see Olivia Rodrigo this weekend. Oh, Thank You. Dear and Thank. You for the tea. My liquid death. There wasn't a bathroom door when you were here last Night. I know. I remember. It kind of feels brand new. Sad that it's there. Thank. You. I kind of missed the curtain. Catherine, I love you. I do. Oh my God, you guys, as soon as I sat back my jeans popped. Oh, that's fine. I'm just gonna relax. Yeah. Get comfy. you know, let the chips fall. Where the May You can take 'em right off. There's a blanket you can sling over your lap. Something over. I love that you guys have chosen not to wash the couch. 'cause it's kind of historic.


Yeah. What is it? King Harry Henry. I mean, oh God. You messed you you, I always say King Henry on accident, but it's King Harry. Okay. Because it's Prince Prince Harry. That Is Prince Harry. So I was like King Harry I. Know. That's a mess. He's sweat there. So we can't get rid of Letterman ped his pants. Right where you're sitting. This feels really strange. Now. It's not really that comfortable. Right. I think we just had those RET stuffed, didn't we? and I and I sat in it yesterday. And. it felt like it was at an angle. Do you feel like you're at a bad angle? No. I feel really tucked into this corner in a nice way. Cozy. it was very cozy. Yeah. It's like a little tuck. I like my little cozy corner. I have to presume you're going somewhere after this because?


Because You look so nice. Do you wanna know my clues? Why? Because my hair is soaking wet. No, no. But you live a couple feet away. Right? I hear you. What if I had taken a nice car? Oh, the five steps. It would've taken me to walk Here. Right. So I just walked outside. Yeah, I see an SUV times Have changed. Dax. Well, I know, but I just wanna say clearly a studio has sent an SUV for you to get around today. and I thought, I don't think Catherine would've been like, yes, send it. No, it was Embarra. I'm going 30 feet. I was like, you guys, I can walk there, but I'm doing the Dodo. Okay. What's the dodo? I Guess it's like a pet or an adoption thing where you have like a date with a rescue animal.


Oh, you Have a date with a A dog. Dog or a cat Today? Yeah, Today dog and a cat. Okay, that's long. So anyway, my daughter's gonna meet me there, which is very cute. Oh Cute. What if you also requested stretch limo, like nineties style And what if I didn't even walk anymore? Like what if I was like, I just need to be in a little rascal now. A little rascal from my black car Or a sedan chair. The way they would carry people on their shoulders. Yes. That would be fun. Trying to get up the stairs, yelling at everyone. As we sit here and talk, I am trying to think if there's ever been anything that did a 180 as much as the limousine from when you and I were younger. I know the dream was to be in a fucking Burt Reynolds stretch For prom. The longer the better, The longer the better.


Always You wanna get in, have crawl on your hands and knees for like six, seven minutes to get to that front seat. Yes. And now wouldn't you be deeply humiliated to get out of a stretch limousine? I would be. Although now I feel like it would be hilarious if someone were to roll up. It's a movie. Not even in the movie, but just kind of going. Yeah, sure, sure, Sure. That's in a Will Ferrell movie in a stretch. White limo. Oh. yeah. Should we commit to that as like, let's bring back the stretch limo. Is that what we're committing to today? You know, I often am perusing the classified ads for cars. Yeah. you know me. Anything that might pique my interest, I'll take a gander at Maybe you'd be shocked.


Maybe you went, you could get a stretch limousine for a thousand dollars. You can't get rid of 'em. My dad had four cars. He passed away this spring. Oh. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh my gosh. I know. But he just had a lot of stuff and that's an understatement. But he had four caddies in one Oldsmobile. One of the caddies. We drove out here to early, you know, had transportation, you know, what is it called? Like in a thing with A, A carrier shipped. Oh my god. Between the three of us. I can't Say. I think we had it shipped. Had brain fog. You keep saying that until like the day Till someone comes and whispers in your ear what word you were looking for. Yes. Just wait patiently. I need that So belly. My kids are just so patient now. They're just like, Hmm.


it was a 91 El Dorado. So fantastic. You could land a plane on the front of this thing. But you know the benches in the front, they had one seatbelt that went across the whole front. Yeah. 60 40 split. They called that. Why? Because the driver's seat actually you could maneuver it. Right? Oh right. And then the the other part, the 60% was for the passenger and the middle rider. We have one of those in the Roadmaster. Me and the girls just drove up to Bob's Big boys all in the front. Oh that so Fun man. Okay. So are you driving that thing around town now is No, We had it shipped out and then we looked at the under carriage And. it is definitely a Midwest loved car. It is rusted Swiss cheese under there. Yeah. Looks like a prehistoric creature.


The rust has rusted into something else. It's like, yeah, there's nothing to do. Then you gotta ship it to a junkyard and then you're like, oh my. What a waste of that with hole and Never I know. Did you have this? And maybe it's too early to talk about it for you. I'm 12 years out from my father passing. Yeah. Your parents, were they together? No. No. Right. They Got divorced when I was like 30. Oh wow. I know. Which was interesting. How Cool. I guess. I mean I don't think it was I don In the cool. In the same way that it's original to drive around in a a limousine now. Like no one's getting divorced when the kids are 30. Yeah. Did It make you feel like a kid? That's exactly what it did. You really revert. Yeah. I had a similar situation.


It didn't end In a divorce, but there was a very tenuous, tenuous time between my parents and I was out here totally living on my own. And I was like, no, you can't I know you. Actually that's not gonna work for me. and I need you two to be in the same house at Christmas. Yeah. The one time I come home. You must, you Have to My annual trip Pilgrim, just get it together. Just Get it together. Cut the shit. Really? Come on, you've gone this far I know. Cut the fucking shit. I know. So then this applies. And not to get so fucking heavy right outta the gates. But my father died and then I go to where he's living and I'm just looking at all this stuff and I go like, oh wow. We just gather all this stuff And. it means so much to us.


And then at some point someone's gonna just look at this room and go like, don don't know. Just take it all away I guess. Isn't that weird? I know. Well, my father was a real hoarder. He had a real like disorder. Let's just say that. There was a company called In called Masters of Disaster. Oh, Okay. Not masters of the Universe. Masters of Disaster. It was profound to go walk through my childhood home. You couldn't go up the stairs to the attic. So it was peeling back layers of stuff that meant nothing to us, to finding stuff that was ours that had been buried underneath. it was like layers and layers of things we didn't recognize to Just like a little box that said Catherine's yearbooks. it was deep And compounded by the hoarder.


Yes. You just struck with the fact that you hang on on these things. You almost define yourself with these things. They make you feel safe and then they just get sent to the junkyard. Have You heard of the Swedish Heart of death cleaning? No. Ah, Swedish Art of death cleaning. Yes. Sounds like a punk band from our I know It does Earmark that we're coming right back to it. I just wanna say six years ago, my main takeaway, the thing I'll never forget from that interview is that we liked Fugazi and you like hung out on a bridge. Yeah. In Cleveland. And you're like a punk girl like Fugazi. Yes. And I'm like Soul Sister. Okay, continue. Yeah. I wanna, The Swedish Masters of Death. I have a fall back to the back one. Okay. Alright. Olivia Rodrigo. Guess who opened Who? The fricking Breeders. Oh Really? Yes. It made me love her. And then they played gigantic at the end.


All these kids had no idea what was going on. And my hubby and I were like sobbing. Yeah, I bet that would make me love her too. I already do. We I Know. She's incredible. Okay. But a Swedish death cleaned. Okay, so Swedish Art of death cleaning and Polar produced a show about it. It's basically like Marie Kondo. you know, the whole thing of hers is, does this bring me joy? But this is, will this bring joy to the people I love after I die? Oh my God. You have to really like look at death, understand, accept it, and then start to unburden yourself from stuff. So then you can live this chapter of your life. Unburdened by accumulation. This Is so Swedish. It sweet. This might be the most Swedish, Swedish thing I've ever heard.


We were just there. I got assaulted in a gas station. How? By an older man who was really mad. I wasn't following the rules precisely of where to pay with your credit card. I've Never heard of like a mean Swedish Person. I know. I had to take some responsibility for it when we left. I was like, I gotta imagine it was very uncharacteristic and I must have triggered him greatly. And he must have thought like this big bully. Even though I'm a fighter of bullies. Yeah. I only got big to fight bullies. Which sometimes makes you a bully. I know. It's a weird, these lines are very impermanent. Yes, They are. We're constantly on Sam. Oh my God. Who am I? What do I want? Okay, look, don't You like pretty things? I think I happen to know that we share a designer. Ooh. Oh.


Oh. Did you work with Nikki Keel? She's working on my house. My Button just left My Just take them off. Get different. They don't wanna be a part of this interview. Wait, isn't she incredible? She's perfect. I know She's perming. I wanna see pictures. Perfect. I'll I'll show you her. I would just be like, ah. I know peace and She's so cool. I know. She's like Chill and low key and seemingly has no ego. Even though she's perfect. I wanna be Her I know me too. I know we're getting off of gender stuff. We're moving on as we should. And people shouldn't be in boxes. But it's incredible what those images do for you guys. Yeah. Oh, and I don't know any guy.


I don't know a single guy that's just like absolutely thunderstruck by interior design. That's not true. I clearly know some, we just haven't talked about it. But we will look at the history of Muscle Cars And. we will fucking spray what is going on. It's so fascinating. Do just have a fucking spray. That's so intense. I know. I know. I know. I'm to make it not as scary through my best friend. Erin and I say it a lot and we're trying to You're trying to Like put that in the Do you mystify it? Deintensify it. I Know. It just comes to my mind. Pump, pump. Spray, spray. I don't know. Okay, great. Okay. I. Know. What you mean? I feel like there's some incredible male interior designers who have like insane eyes. But for me and you and a lot of women and also a lot of guys friends I have.


Yeah. That are like what? Because when something like clicks into place visually when you walk into a room, it does give you a feeling of peace. Balance, right. Balance. It's like symmetrical balance in all of the ways. Yes. There can be symmetry when you're Like, oh this is the colors relaxing and I dig it. I guess we grew up in visual chaos. Yes. So there is something that feels like Catherine, back to cleaning out our father's places. Yes. and I feel like I'm almost dishonoring him by reporting this. But any big plastic jug that he had used all the contents in, he saved. Like he was gonna somehow repurpose all containers. He thought that he contain, he was gonna make a Vase out of them. I don't think a vase, beef vase. I'll throw nuts and bolts in that one and I'll throw whatever. How could he nod at some point been like got enough plastic jugs, not enough washers and bolts and change in the world to fill up all these in a bizarre way.


I can relate. Like I'll finish I know a big thing of protein powered in a jug. I'm like, that's a big usable vessel. Cut off the thing. And then just like, yeah. It feels Crazy to throw this away with so many Foul can. If you were living in the 13 hundreds, this would be like the most prized possession. Yes. Someone could have. What was the weirdest thing your dad was? Oh, storing and mass. I can't even, let's just say it took from May till like last week for the house to be finally cleared outboard motors on top of outboard motors. There's a life-sized version of the Peah in the backyard. And anchor the size of both of these chairs together in our front yard. He said it was for the f something Fitzgerald, which is like a big freight ship that sank in the Lake Erie back and forth.


Saw The Edmunds Fitzgerald. Edmund Fitzgerald. Well a legend lives on from the Chippewa down of the big lake. They call get gummy. Stop It. What do I start Crying? It's never gives in the skies of November turn. Gloomy. Wait. You never see. Surprise me. That's, that's the Edmunds Fitzgerald by Gordon Lightfoot. Oh God. Whether it's load of iron or 26,000 tons more I've seen How long before Monica screams. Why are you doing this to me and the Edmunds for Gerald? I gave you so many verses and you're still going. Well it's just such a good song and it's also 13, 14 minutes long. That's The best for karaoke. Just to fucking make everyone nuts. I used to always do grandma got run over by a reindeer just because it's so long.


Is It that Long? It's not short. Oh wow. Yeah. Like this is not the season. And also it's like 12 minutes long and there's no real. Yeah, you don't thing. Yeah. It's kind of vaguely funny but not funny. Well it's funny you say that 'cause my party trick when I was an alcoholic was to play Edmunds Fitzgerald for karaoke. But sing the lyrics of Piano Man. He's talking with Davey who's still in the Navy and probably will be for life. Isn't that confusing? I. Know. My brain. Just Fr. Yeah. As did the folks at the bar. Did Your pants explode again? Oh my I was like, wait guys, wait.


I have a question about the hoarding. Was your house that you grew up in when your mom was there also like that? Yes. He had tendencies. So there's always like a trying to push it somewhere. Like if you open up the trunks of any of these cars, it was like whoa. Oh, I see. Okay. And my mom was definitely like, this is a funny story. When they were in counseling at some point the therapist was like, why don't you try taking one hefty bag a week, filling it with stuff, putting it on the tree lawn to throw it away. And he just didn't do it. And my mom was like, what about the hefty bag? We're supposed to do it. And he was like, oh, it's a metaphor, Karen. He would not Do it. No, it's literal motherfucker. I went to find my dollhouse in there.


It's a metaphor. and I opened. it was like, sounds of lamb. I took this sheet off and my childhood dollhouse was like hoarded with other dolls. Furniture. it was not my furniture. I know. He Just kind of saw it and he is like, well that'll paired nicely. But I think also like isn't there a thing about it's easier to be with inanimate objects than with people. Yeah. So I had like a sensitivity as he got older. At the beginning it was like, what is happening? Because he kept saying it was for us, which was like again, Swedish art of death clean. And like instead of saving anything, he would just accumulate. Once I started having empathy, he would say like, this is an original duh dah, dah And. we were like clearly not in his will. He just gave it all to me. To You.


You're the steward of all your brothers are completely liberated from This. Completely liberated God. It's all me. Wow. So it's been a process. But I've have dear family in Cleveland. And also then it's been a real amazing exercise in truly surrendering. 'cause I'm here. They're there. I get stuff sent to me. Most of it's broken. That's another chapter of letting go. This is not mine. Do You yourself have any hoarder tendencies? Yes You do. I have A little bit of fashion hoarding. Yeah, me too. That's The problem. The line between collector and I know it is Order is. So that's an interesting thing that I have to look at. Oh. Yeah, but you look so cute And look at your purse.


It's like it's working. I mean your pants don't work, but they do look great. No, I mean my pants clearly do to be pants. But then I'm also like so unsentimental with stuff. I will throw away things. When the kids were young, it was a little gaslighted. 'cause they'd be like, where's that thing of foil that I had scrunched over in the I was like, oh By the way, that's parent 1 0 1. You're like, yeah, you're right. How much of this shit can I throw away? Because 99% of it, they're not gonna notice. I know because it's just crap. But don't know. The one thing that you do precious, That oil crumple is their baby. Yes. Yes. And then you threw away their baby. Delta's never been to a parking lot where she didn't get some souvenir rocks from it. We would have like a gravel pit in the backyard if we weren't getting rid of these rocks at some point. What's gonna be the one that they really remember?


You don't Know. I don't know anything about it. Despite having watched maybe an episode of Hoarders, do you know the explanation for what's going on? I wish I knew more. My gut from him. It's an addiction. There's gotta be like a dopamine release once you have the object and the idea of it becoming a part of your identity. So the idea of letting it go feels very vulnerable and you think you're in control. We would always talk about, my dad would be one of those guys on hoarders that would be all into it at the beginning would be like, of course. And then he would have a freak out as he saw the dumpster. It would panic him. Yeah. Yeah. I think it becomes a part of who you are. Feels like you are being thrown away. There's A revisionist history about this. I forget which episode, but there is something about the psychology around it.


Yeah, I think it is. They associate each item with a memory, but more than most of us. More than this concert ticket. It's like this rock. Yes. Means Something extra. And he also had like a money situation. He always wanted to appear really wealthy. His brothers were really successful. Everyone in his family and he just couldn't quite get it together. He was infamously, we don't want use the word cheap, but he was very frugal. He would pick up a cake at Baskin Robbins that no one wanted that had someone else's name. Happy. Happy with Charles. Charles For my mom. And he thought it was funny. And it was funny. Yeah. But it was also being serious. So Your mom's still with us. Yes. So I gotta be delicate about this, but of course you're bummed when your parents get divorced when you're 30.


But at the same time, I imagine your mom was like, I'm going to get buried under old. That's a a lot to live With. Oh, a hundred percent. I love Kristin. But I would not sit in a house and get buried alive because I love her. Maybe I'd stay married and I just move next door and go, you're not allowed in here with your objects. I know. Or give her a room That would never work. I know In a weird way that gave him an allowance to just explode. There's no speed bumps for his progression. He doesn't have to negotiate at All. I mean, but she like just left. It probably was very for her Cleansing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think So. yeah. It is her space right now. Very minimalist. It's Not as minimalist as you would think, but it is hers completely.


It's beautiful. you know, it's this cute apartment in Cleveland Heights. It's the sweetest. But our home was very normal sized. And then there'd be this enormous brass sculpture in the corner that was like so place like this grand piano that no one could use. Were you embarrassed growing up or did you not care? No, but this has been such a process of like mourning this guy, my dad, the guy. Because I think we all just kind of made fun of each other without really taking care. That was kind of our way of dealing with it. Like we kind of made fun of his stuff. He would like laugh about it. My mom was vicious. We all kind of gave it hard. But it was like this weird David Lynch, I dunno, the opening of Blue Vel.


It's like this beautiful exterior and you take the rock off and it's just the little mag magon. We had this secret. Yeah. Okay, great. Okay, Great. We went hard on each other too. and I have had to really police myself to not do that to my kids. Have you had that too? Oh so much. I have like a little shame. Same. Same, same. And what's helpful and I thank my sister for this so much is my sister's around so much that I'm actually more able to observe her doing it. And when I observe her doing it, I realize, oh, I do it too. So one of the things is any of the kids do something that's kind of insane. My first reaction is to laugh. And it's our way of saying, I saw you fuck up, but I'm also not saying I saw you.


Fuck up. I'm just laughing. And my daughter said like, I hate when you laugh and TT does too. And I'm like, Oh? yeah, We do that. I gotta fucking stop. But that's like my G rated version of how I use it. But I have a very hard time shaking that. It's difficult. I still, if someone trips on something, I just immediately start laughing. Yeah, me too. Ethan. My husband's like Jesus. Kristen too. Yes. She's like, it's Not funny. Does not like it. She doesn't like it. But it's DI like it though. I, Know, I Know. Me too. But also the older one gets, it starts to feel like, ah, what am I acting out? It's maladaptive. And also you recognize, oh, there's something under this. I am dealing with this in a weird way.


It's not good. Do You feel now that they're getting older, that you are meeting yourself at their age? Like all the time? Absolutely. The way I've been framing it is I have such a detailed story that explains why I am the way I am. And yet my children are having this completely opposite childhood. And one in particular is so much like me that I'm actually having to like completely dismantle the story. Like I blame my parents and I blame my environment for these things. And I'm like, well no, I'm genetically that way because my little girl's the same. Now she'll create her own story probably. Yeah. But I'm really aware of that. It's a big old story. I'm probably, I'm really genetically 80% of who I am. But I've had to realize they're not an extension left me at all.


They're completely their own people, which is very difficult to do at the beginning. You look at this creature and you're like, I've known you forever. And also you're a complete stranger. Yeah. Like it's the weirdest feeling. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They always existed. Isn't that weird? And I'm an atheist and I don't believe in anything. But. yes. My kids have always existed, But I definitely have felt the older they're getting that the way I communicate with them is somehow how I wished I had been able to communicate. And it's not fair on them because It was a completely unknown approach. Yes. For you. Right? It hadn't been modeled. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't know how to do it. I think I overdid it at the beginning. I mean sobbed when his umbilical cord fricking fell off. I would just like stare at him sleeping. I was like, oh my God.


And my daughter too. Yeah. And so it took a second. Yes. I think the ego really, really gets a workout when you have kids. And I'm not even consciously trying. I'm trying to give them everything I think I didn't get. And so A, they don't even need that. 'cause they're in a completely different environment. Right? So it's like I'm trying to heal some wounds they don't have. Yes. They're my wounds and I've gotta go heal those and leave them the fuck out of it. Which is hard. It's so hard. It's weird. My son is about to be a senior and my daughter's gonna be a sophomore. and I remember thinking childhood lasted forever. Looking at the eighth grade boys being like, oh, I'll never get it.


And now all that's behind them. Right. It's done. it was five seconds for us. That's The other lesson you learned is Nick, this thing, the whole foundation of my personality and all my isms were created in a very tiny amount of time. And the whole rest of my life, I'm dealing with this tiny sliver of time. I know what a fucking Craziest situation. I know. It's the craziest, it was crazy to go to that concert, which was amazing. But to hear music from when I was their age and hear her and sit next to my daughter time was like, what? Yes. it was so crazy. Don't you find too the experience of being the parent and becoming middle age for me, it scares me. It's like, yeah, no one ever knew what they were doing. The people ahead of me that were adults.


It does that. Were supposed to wisdom. I'm them. I barely have myself figured out where I'm functional. Me too. Barely. Barely. Yes. Oh. yeah. So no one knew. I thought I had it And. it started to fall the fuck apart. Guess What? Your grandparents didn't know. It's a miracle. This place continues to just self perpetuate. Everyone thinks the future is better. you know, we we're better than the generation before And. we are in so many ways, but I don't know. We're also the same. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Is that really historically accurate? What is better? Yeah. What does it even mean? Mean? It's interesting to me. What are our values? There are lots of metrics we can look at. And there are objective things that I'm lazy are that are no.


But all that is in a weird way ignoring what is the human experience? And has that changed? Has that gotten better? Yes. The less poverty, higher literacy rates. We watch the late night talk shows from the eighties that we grew up on it. And you're listening these monologues and you're like, oh my God, this was horrendous. and I didn't even know calling Monica Lewinsky up, you know? Oh right. I don't even wanna say it out loud. Yeah. Bad things. Yeah. The shit that you could just say on network tv. So in many ways it's gotten better. But the internal experience of a human unplanned earth, I don't know. Interesting. I'll tell you one thing that must be better. I read a ton of historical stuff. We haven't had a president in the White House that hadn't lost several children. I mean, that was just fucking standard biz. Right? Like Lincoln Not see This coming.


Lincoln. Lincoln entered with one dead child and one died while he was in office. Yeah. That's weird. If you or I lost a child, that's the last time you'd ever see me. Me too. So That's one way I'll go like, fuck man. Life's gotten a hell of a lot better. it was standard. You'd lose one or two of your five children. I can't comprehend that. Do You think love was different back Then? I Do. I do. You must not have been able to live like we live now if that was happening every other day. I guess it's this idea of being better people that we're better than the last generation. We're not as racist. We're not as sepsis. Yes. We're not as homophobic. We're inching closer. Yeah. To the great sunrise. Yeah. The self-actualized. Yes. Human. Yes. And then the AI will come in. Oof.


Oh God. Goodnight. Maybe They'll show us how to do it. Maybe they'll Who'll maybe they'll be good. won. Won't have jobs. And. We'll just sit in the pool. Oh God. That sounds And. that sounds fun. It does kind sound awesome. I know I tell you about that. I was like, there's something called retirement. Okay, great topic for us. Okay. Because we're the same age. Yeah. And. we look so fucking good. You both look Great. You look great. I mean, as I pop my buttons for seven times, really? Everyone looks great. If I am at a hotel bar and I'm single and you stroll in, Watch out. Let's chat, let's chat. Let's see what's going on. Let's Have a Jex mix. Where are you from? I like your vibe. How did you come to it? Like, Oh my God, where'd you get that tattoo? Fugazi? What?


Where did you get that tattoo? Is such a funny, where'd You find that Tattoo? Where'd you get that tattoo? Not what is that tattoo? But where did you get it? Get that. And I would go, I can't even remember. And you'd be like, Ooh. How in freaky. Yeah. Oh my God. You have memory loss. He's got past. Ooh. Oh, do you have memory loss too? What? A bit. Do you also Have short term memory loss? You're from Ohio. I'm from Michigan. I'm sorry, Monica. We vacationed at Cedar Point. Oh. Yeah, we did. It comes up so often. I know. I love it. I Know. Nothing comes up more than Cedar Point on this show. We did one back to back days where both people said the exact same thing for 10 minutes straight. it was so, so funny for me. We didn't Go this year. I haven't been. I have a whole fantasy. Can I let you in my fantasy please?


I want a big time. It there once. I never slept in one of those hotels. The Breakers Did they have a Breakers there? The Breakers is on lake gear with all porch chairs in the front. I was so funny. The rocking chairs Didn't even know the name of it. Okay. Ah. We only went there a few years ago. I'll tell you something of the Breakers. And this was about seven years ago. We had a family reunion. And so we had a house on the Sandusky strip that a lot of cousins were in. And then we stayed at The Breakers for a night, which was so fancy. Oh. Kind of smells a little Always like mold from like the lake. Like those covers that go right over the bed perfectly. Yeah. And they kind of are a little bit stiff, but very high end.


Very high end Chi. GIF we always go to right there. Oh. yeah. In everything. Appetizers, salad. You Mean Fridays the chain restaurant? Yes. Wow. Okay. Yes. Breakers has their own breakfast room. My kids are like, when do we go back to Cedar Point? Yeah. Yeah. And mine haven't been, which is shameful. So we're both from there. You inherit an architecture, which is everyone that I grew up with had jobs that were really fucking hard on your body. You had to retire. The retirement didn't even have to be good. it was just the absence of this painful, repetitive. And so it made a ton of sense. Yes. 'cause you didn't love your job to begin with. You love the folks you work with, but you didn't like assembling transmissions. And so that's the blueprint for me. and I wrestle with it nonstop. It Didn't even occur to me as an actor that I could retire.


Right. No, you just do It until you die on set. Until they kick you out. Yeah, exactly. Until they send you to pasture. Yeah. Hopefully you're on a show, you die on set and you get a little episode dedicated to you. And that's the dream. You're in an inor. Yeah. Maybe. Oh God. Maybe on wood. don don't like the song. Yeah. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Why did we go so dark? Because We like Fugazi crap in suing the Banes. I Wouldn't say the Banes, but we went to, I was once on a plane with Kevin Bacon, who I love. We were like on the tiniest plane And. we were like, oh my God. If anything were to happen, it would be like Kevin Bacon and And others. And others. I Know. That's the scaries thing about being on someone plane. I I know. But thank God everyone's okay.


Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare


With Credit Karma, finding the right credit card for you is easy. Our app analyzes user profiles. To suggest personalized recommendations, visit Credit karma.com today to explore cards tailored to your needs. Credit Karma, simplifying your financial choices.


Since 2013, Bombas has donated over 100 million socks, underwear, and T-shirts to those facing homelessness. If we counted those on air, this ad would last over 1,157 days. But if we counted the time it takes to make a donation possible, it would take just a few clicks. Because every time you make a purchase, Bombas donates an item to someone who needs it. Go to bombas.com/ Wondery and use code Wondery for 20% off your first purchase. That's bombas.com/ Wondery code Wondery.


This episode is brought to you by Huggies. Little movers. Huggies knows that babies come in all shapes and sizes and their tushies do too. Huggies has more curves and outstanding active fit. Parents know that there's nothing worse than an ill-fitting diaper. Especially for active wiggly babies. Huggies little movers are curved to fit all curves so babies feel comfy no matter how much they're moving around. And, we all know they're moving around a lot. They also offer 12 hour protection against leaks, which is a game changer. Get your baby's butt into the best fitting diaper. Huggies. Little movers. We got you baby.


I made this joke. Colin Hanks and I were on this 15, 20 foot tall scissor lift as judges on a cooking show. Why? it was one of these come guest judge. No, But why the scissor lift? Oh. 'cause you had to sit way up high above all the cooking Stations and look at it happening And it was so fucking wobbly. And. we were up there and it was just swaying back and forth like three feet. and I said, you know when this motherfucker comes down, the headline's gonna say, son of Tom Hanks and husband of Kristen Bell die and scissor lived. Monica's like, I don't like this at all. All I'm so scared of this conversation. He's like, I don't like it. Sometimes when you say it out loud then you can just be like, Yeah. That's true. I Mainly just Make him knock on wood a lot. That works for me. This Is almost worn out.


This, that area. This, this Area. I'm like, I have no wood nearby me. I know. We need to fix that. That's on us. Okay. I did have some things written down. I knew I didn't need to because you can feel it. you know I adore you. I. Know. You're one of my favorite episodes. The first time you Had you we were babies. A lot's changed. A lot has changed. Yeah. Monica, your presence. It's so imperative. Thank. You. That's really sweet. It's so awesome to see how it's, that is like morphed. You guys are just the fucking best. It's really awesome. And you Rob over there. You guys are awesome. You It. You have no idea if you saw the thing he built downstairs. Oh, it's, he's a fucking genius. Dang it. Oh my. It's insane. It's so pretty. And I'm so excited you're doing that. Can I even say that out loud? Oh, of course.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Oh. yeah. We need more people to say It. Experts on, experts on video. Check it out. I'm so excited. All the sexy professors excited and biologists Excited. No, but those are kind of becoming like we were talking about the sociopath, narcissism. Munchausen. That whole OCD chapter. Ooc D. We got Like four babies. Oh, those four were really rich. Oh, you heard those? Yes. Oh, wonderful. That Was like my summer just driving. I didn't want them to end. I don't either. We're looking for more isms. I love How they talk to each other. Weirdly. Yeah. A hundred percent. Thank, You, Thank, You. There's so much overlap. That's so good. You heard the sociopath. Yes. There's so much follow up for that by the way. Yes. I came to learn. She was in the Groundlings in the Sunday company and she hadn't told me that during the interview.


Weird. Or maybe she just didn't connect. Maybe she was just nervous. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. There's a million options. Yes. She's also a sociopath. Literally. I Mean that's what I'm saying. It's so fascinating. I know. Was she in it? She a hundred percent was 'cause a friend of mine reached out and goes, I was in the Sunday company with Patrick and I was like, oh my God, I've gotta like re exam. I've never had an experience that I have played back in my mind more times because the premise is I'm a sociopath. So admittedly who knows what's coming. Endlessly fascinated by that experience. I was fascinated by her husband. Yeah. Yes. And what he's had to manage and how to have a relationship with her a thousand percent. Like what? He's not going to get that. He's may not even get the Love.


Well that was her point. He liked the woman at work and she's like, of course you do. Oh. yeah. She has love in this version you're looking for So interesting. Makes me doubt everything. So the only time I've seen you since that interview is we've bumped into each other at Formula One races, which has been a fun. Oh, that's one thing. Oh my gosh. How many did you go to? I only went to the one. You only went to the one In Miami And you were a guest of Williams, right? Yes. And I wore every piece of paraphernalia that gave me to a degree. That was embarrassing. I Did this exact same thing as you in Austria as a guest of Williams. I was in like a hat and a shirt and hand, you know, hand jewelry. I was Wristbands like.


I looked like a walking, like if they had a mask, ONT, I would be like a walking dog mascot for Williams Chilies or whatever. Like it was Flare. it was embarrassing. Some guy did a double take. He's like, who's that crazy lady walking around with all Williams? Here's what he thought. He's like, okay great. She loves Williams. She went to the souvenir counter. She bought everything. They were outta bags. So she had to wear everything so she wouldn't be carrying these individual items. They were so nice. They're the nicest backs. Do you remember backs? Oh, I wanna go back and hang out with them. Yeah. Delta fell head over heels in love with backs was hugging her the entire race. She Was so rad. Leonard was speechless. This is your son? Yes. How old is he at the time? 15. So he was like deep in it. He had the bug And. we had just watched the Sena and the Schumacher documentaries back to back.


I was also big. Tried To survive. We hadn't really gotten an Indian rhyme. Just Sena and Schumacher Zocdoc. Yeah. Oh, this is interesting. But I do wanna go into that show. You Haven't watched It. It's so good. That's why I like F1. Okay. I just love the drama and the wealth, the two together. 'cause one was just go-karts and the other came from such thoroughbred money. So it's like very interesting. And you saw the accident from different points of view. They're mostly all rich though. Yeah. I had a F1 podcast for a year. And. we would do Zais of F1. So the dads of the drivers and with very few exception, they're all pretty rich. It's such an intense thing to put your kid into. I wanted very much for Lincoln to go that route.


'cause I'm like, of course back to the healing yourself. I wanted to go-kart. I wanted to race. Couldn't afford it. I'm like, girl, you got a turnkey. I'll get in the tour bus and we'll go to every single race. You'll have the fastest go-kart. Let's do. It Wasn't for her. I had to just move on. She ripped the bandaid off for you at least. But we also went to that driving school, which was so rad in Arizona. I took my son and a couple of friends and I couldn't believe what they just did. You rode passenger with one of the pros, I imagine, and got like a hot lap. I did that, but then they were able to do like a little thing that was so, so fast. and I don't think they had their driver's licenses yet. Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna be sure. Yeah. They had like a trainer. There was whatever a guy in the thing with them.


Kids are racing before they have license, before They have licenses. So. yeah, that's true. Yeah. Max verse happened. Entered Formula one a week after his 17th birthday. So he'd already been racing. I Guess that's how you do it. Yeah, yeah. Before the fear sets in that kind of fear. Did you see that documentary called I love a Zocdoc. Us too. Well first of all, Chimp Crazy. Which is out right now. Have you seen That? No. I haven't seen No Chimp. Crazy Chimp Vampire People? No, the people that did. Ah, king of Tiger King. Oh, tiger King. Oh, So it Is king of Tigers. So it's called Chimp. Crazy. Yeah. I watched the first episode last night. It's on HBO And. it is pretty good. Oh, I'm can't wait. Yeah. Just from the title. I'm pissing people and chimps.


Yeah. People wanna own chimps and they're very dangerous. They turn, especially if they're male. Yes. They're your children. You diaper them And then they eat your face one day. Is Is it mainly women or men? Sorry to gender it women. Yeah. No, They do this lot with tigers too. Yeah. It's like the baby of it. Yeah. And the need, Well, or husband is it that? There's two things I think. Oh, because I watched Fatal Attraction stories of women in large cats. This was on a different network. it was all these women who own like tigers and lions and of course they all get eaten by them. Yes. I think it's attempt to repair. Having lived with a very crazy dad. Oh. Who was Dangerous and threatening and I.


Think there's some, you're right. Desire to like soothe and whisper to this clearly wild and lethal animal. Like just repeating the trauma, Having control over it. They're very stern mommies. Yes. Just like, no, no, no. Tonka thought of like Tonka. Very stern. Yeah. But it's hardcore. I bet. I think it's also connected to yours. I think it's a little bit like if this animal that is meant to hurt people doesn't hurt me, then I'm lovable. Yeah. Yes. That's a great one, Monica. And that's the thing you relate to. Yeah, I do. Yeah.


'cause we have a dog that bites people, but he doesn't bite Monica. No, He bites me twice. Oh, Frank. No, Frank Oh. yeah. I like that. Yes. She likes that. Frank bites other people. Her Oh. yeah. Yeah. We have banjo who's kind of this similar way. Like some people freak him out, some people don't. Half Tramadol Chihuahua, half pit bull. Oh. Oh. She's got the neurosis of the chihuahua jumps on your lap with full force pit bull face. Oh, That's a lot. He's like a little, he's got chihuahua in there. I love him so much. That sounds like a very scary combination. Because if I had to sum up chihuahuas, I would just go like, oh, they think they're pit bulls. They're so aggressive and they're barking so loud. But thank God they're not pit bulls. But in this case, Andy is a pit bull.


Oh. But he's also a lot of bark. No bite. He's such a dingo. Yeah. That's how ours Like he's just got such an aggressive but hole. you know what I mean? Like the tail's always up and you're just Ah, Get Outta my face. Banjo. That's a disarming name. Yes it is. There's a goofy instrument. He's like, Ooh. He is kind of a Banro. Ding ding. D ding ding. Banjo. Ding Banjo. But he's the kind of dog that would like, as it's coming out of another dog, he'll just be like, oh, like softy. Okay. He shit Beta. Oh he'll eat the right. Yeah. Yeah. They don't mind that. Yeah, they, I'm like, you guys, that's Sick. In fact, we seem to be the only animal that does mind it. No, it's really curious. What do you mean? I watched a video of an elephant. Do you think other Animals don't Like, oh they don't care about each other's shit.


I saw an elephant we've all seen that's not because they, They're missing nutrients. That's a Good question. Well that's a good explanation. But I saw an elephant put his trunk up another elephant's, but pull out an an enormous clump of do and then eat it. That was a video. Maybe It was impacted, But you don't need to then eat it. That's one thing to help a guy out. Right. But you don't need to eat it then. No you Don't. And then the chimps are chucking it and they're playing with it and they're eating it. They don't. That's the Best conversation I've Had dogs. Dogs eat it. Everyone seems really cool with it. Every animal except for us. No. We're peculiar. Well Aren't we doing fecal implants now? Yes. In fact, maybe we're paying the price for not eating each other's. But It's a very controversial, The fecal implants. Yes. Not if you have c diff.


You're putting someone else's microbes into your situation. You are. And hopefully they're the ones that are gonna get rid of c diff. Match 'em up. You can't just have self-serve. It's nuts. Right. You're not supposed to do a fecal transplant or eat a crap soul from someone who has depression. That's fucking fascinating. I Am really interested in that. That would be really interesting if you found someone to talk about that. The connection between gut and Brain health brain. Well and your stomach's making all the serotonin And. we just learned this from a different expert So. yeah. If your gut's all fucked up but, and your gut's the one in charge of making serotonin. That's interesting. You're right. We should have a craps all gut biome. That would be great. All right. Put it on the list. Crap. Soul expert. Yeah. Do you wanna be here for that? Do you want to join us?


I would love to Be here because it sounds like you have a few questions right on the, I have so many questions that are right at the tip of my tongue. Yeah, we'll get you in here for that. I would seriously love that you're invited. 'cause I really do think it affects your mood and your brain. And Also there's some links between obesity and the gut health. Also neurological disease. There's a Lot. Yeah. It's very fascinating. Mitochondria mi brain fog. We'll Ask about that. We, you know, we, we were hot on this trail about five years ago 'cause I'm like, can I get my rid of my psoriatic arthritis through this And? we all decided we wanted our friend Amy's poop. In fact, she was the only person in the pod whose poop we thought. It doesn't seem to have any of the issues. I mean, I'm upset you were hurt. I'm offended by Dad. But you have depression And I would be, don't you want people to pick your Poop? You have epilepsy though.


Monica I Know. I have Two problems. Two strikes. Yeah, two big strikes. But when did you get diagnosed with epilepsy? In 2020. Okay. I've only had two seizures. So it feels like a little bit of a stretch that they diagnosed it as that. Yes. But also Why not? They know what They're Doing. I'll nip in the bud. I'll fake it. Yes. So. yeah. I've just been on medication since. Yeah. 'cause I've had some depressive really all of a sudden. And I know it has something to to do with hormones. I'm just curious about all of this connection. Yeah. Not to get too personal. We're moving into Yeah. Menopausal zone. Yeah. Hair. Oh for sure. I'm curious about all of it. Have you looked into hormone replacement? Oh That's happened. Okay great. And was it helpful?


I'm on hormones by the way. Yeah. It's like a moving target. I wish. That's another thing that would be interesting. I'm get like pitching. I, having someone talk about menopause would be so awesome. A Lot of people want us to do that. We're, 'cause there's a couple women that are starting to talk about it. But it used to be so not only like career ending in a weird fucking way, which is so dumb, but also just one size fits all hormones. My mom's told me like the hormone replacement she had was from pregnant horse piss. Oh good. Oh wow. And that's when all those strokes happened. Oh. Oh wow. Isn't that ridiculous? Yeah. That's not Good now. At least there's like natural stuff. Mine's grown from a yam. I Used to do wild yam Cream. Oh. yeah. Yeah. Yam. Yeah. Yeah. Yam Purple Yams.


Listen, Those are very healthy. They're Very healthy. I've seen the blue zone. Yep. Blue zone chart full of purple yams. Purple Yams. Wow. Purple yams. Purple yams. Have you read that Miranda July book? All Course. I was just about to ask her that. Crazy right. I loved it. I have passed it to a bunch of friends. Same. I loved reading something that feels somewhat radical, that is also like the truth. I Know. It just feels like I know. I kind of love that. Material wise, I feel like women haven't been able to show those feelings or those urges or desires that are like kind of off the They feel taboo.


Yes. And also I love the feeling that it was never satisfied. it was like desire, desire, desire, desire. But like she never got that final chord. Yeah. I always describe it was took moving to me. Describe it. So moving as a coming of age story, becoming of middle age story. Well they say that as second adolescence is like going through this change. And it's weird to be going through this at the same time as my daughter is going through hers. So it is hormone hot Box. Oh. yeah. In our house. Yeah. The boys are just like, anyway, We're gonna go to a baseball game for two days. For two days. No one talks about it. I would love it because also I think it is sexy and interesting and dangerous because it happens.


Yeah. And there's like a freedom to it. Yes. It's not something like a shy away from Yeah. Think about how many heroes in film and television we've had that are male who are having affairs and they're still our hero. Like Tony Soprano. Yeah. And madman name 'em. I can't off the top of my head, think of the female protagonist who's our hero, who's also having lots of affairs. It's really kinda under I. Know. That's true. It's like ignored. It Is. That's a bad woman who does that. I kind of did that in this show called I Love Dick with Kevin Spacey. Ah, Kevin Bacon. You're not canceled. Oh my God, guys. No, you're canceled. Bye. Bye-Bye. Wait, see my brain. I'm glad we had you.


It's Pretty fog my brain. I shouldn't talk to anybody with a microphone. I mean, Weinstein, I know, I Mean produced by, no, yeah. You really need propels. I think to clear up this fall, you guys, Do you know there was a diving team? No, it was it a diving team? No, it was in the Olympics. There was two competitors in the lineup and one's last name was Harvey. The last name was Weinstein. So Like in the lanes when it, it was sew. Wait, serious. it was Like, wait, Harvey Weinstein. Oh my God. That's incredible, Honey. Okay, sorry. Back to menopause. Yeah, steamy topic. Menopause. It's, but it's I. Know. But it's Good for men to hear because men go through it too. Isn't that like crisis?


Oh God, yes. I've been in it for a decade, but I think I was hinting around this the last time I interviewed you, but of course I am both thrilled for you and Ethan, your husband. What a victory story. You guys have been together, what, 30 years? 30 years. Yeah. That is the dream. And it's awesome. And also I'm like, I am extra sympathetic to dudes I know who are really young and get sober. Because like when they hit 40 and they got sober at 20, how much are you just going like, well fuck. I was also just 20. I was crazy. Period. don don't know if that was my personality. you know? And in a similar way, it just feels compounded to have been with someone for 30 years. It's great. and I'd imagine as you're reading this book, I dunno, I feel like that's the way to do it, is you have to have that at least mental imagination open door at all times.


Because it doesn't happen that you're acting on anything. But it just keeps that awake and alive. Right. Which I think is vital. You know, I know. He does too. It's just imperative. And it's not to say we haven't been married and divorced like nine times within our 30 years. There's been long chunks of time where we were like, Ugh. I don't know. That's helpful that you said that. Oh. yeah. Yeah. Oh. yeah. Don't you think there's this really fascinating thing on the other side of it, which is at the beginning, you're in love, there's great hormones. You're building, building, building. Then you've built all this stuff, then there's all this stuff, then you have the lows. Then you have, oh, what are We do now we have kids, blah blah. The weird new kink is almost like going, oh wow, And, we're still together.


I know. That becomes its own momentum and intriguing aspect, right? And like, oh my God, I've known this body for this long. That beginning period. Of course, it's like pheromone hot. You Guys are wrestling with 20, Like 18, 19. And you kind of also in that phase are hidden. You're showing off a different side of yourself. Then there's that next phase in which it takes a while. But when you actually are who you really are and you're changing, can I still look at you and see the person you are now? Or am I constantly, is that another story? Am I like looking at you and telling the same story? Projecting on who I think you are. Right. I mean, honestly I like going outta town, but we like a little empty MA.


Sure, Sure, sure, sure, Sure, sure, sure. and I like two or three times a year. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Just to be like, remember whose lips are these? Yeah. Yeah, That's, I remember lusting after you. Yes. This is fun. Apparently that's like a couple's therapy, you know, Prescription. I mean, it wasn't like prescribed. No I know. Michael Pollen has said that. But Yeah, we had Michael Pollen And. we said like, what would be your, oh, you did your dream drug schedule. Or like, what is your drug schedule? And he said, well, first of all, I'm not saying I do drugs 'cause it's still legal. But I would do shrooms on my birthday every year. Ah. To reflect on my year and where I'm going. And then I would do MDMA once a year with my wife to rekindle our intimacy. Yes. And I would do toad medicine when I was in my seventies. What's Toad medicines? That's where you lick the Amazonian frog.


No, You take it. It's supposed to be as 15 minutes straight shot. Mike Tyson talks about it. Oh. And Michael Pollen did not love it. Okay. Hey. But he Tried it. But he tried. He tried everything. Yeah. Wow. What I would love to do something like that when I was little lady. You'd be driving your little rascal in circles. Do you think he should leave you in your little rascal or take you out? Probably take you out. You Could drive it out. I. don would hope that I would be under enough medical supervision that someone would have me laying in my little nest. Yeah, you'll be comfy. Yeah. You're pram. My prm. You're be a pram. I would love to be in a pram. Yeah. Who on it? So elevated in English. You're kind of In one right now. and I feel like I am. Last question before we talk about Agatha All Along.


And this is just, I want you to gossip about this person. Oh. Because I find him very intriguing. Daniel Craig. Oh, I love him. He is so freaking funny. He is one of my favorite humans on the planet. and I Love him. And he just stayed in touch with him. Is he that kind of guy? Yes. We have a big text chain from Glass Onion, which we would continuously troll him and Ryan about this new cast. How's that going? They're doing a third, I guess. Yeah. They're just wrapped. I love those movies. I know. I do too. And their new cast is awesome, but he's just the best. I'm still wanna get dinner with him and Rachel. But I think he would love him. Like he's a good egg. He surrounds himself with good peeps. And he's not bond. Right? He's very far from bond. No, like a knock around guy. Like a blue collar real dude.


Yes. And his eyeballs are the Mediterranean Sea. No. If the Mediterranean had all the secrets of the universe. Yes. Lying within. Yeah. I'm very intrigued by him. He was staying at the same hotel as us when Kristen was working in England. And a friend of ours bumped into him in the gym a couple times. I almost wanna spend the entire day at the gym hoping I would bump into him. Yeah. I want to just watch him work out. I love his body. Him come out of the water in those blue shorts. I'll never forget it. For that bond trailer. Yeah. How put a Guy, everyone in the cast. I love Dave Batista, one of my also He's a sweetheart ride all the time. Yeah. Big softy. Counterintuitive a vegan. Right? Is he a vegan or do you see him taking down chickens? I don't know. Okay. Why would you care? That's something I would care about. And not you mixed Messages if true It is right.


He has a lot of dogs. Oh, he does? Yeah. He's a real animal lover. Those Two pieces of information, I feel like I could put together a whole story about him. It's good to just put stories together without any knowledge, using pieces of information from various sources. And then say, nailed it. This is bad. That's why I make a terrible detective. Like once I decided who was guilty, nothing could convince me otherwise. I think both of you would make good detectives. Ding, Ding, ding Detectives. But like why does a boy get so big right away? You gotta ask a question. Any one of us who have put in way too much time getting big, why I know for me why I Think that he was maybe born with that. you know? Not that Big though. There's a lot of effort. Well, he was in the Vince Circus FA Stuff. The circus. Not Vince Fa.


Oh my God, you guys, my God, I shouldn't do any more podcasts. Vince McMan. He was FactCheck that WWE I was like w Yes. Endeavor Wrestling organization. He was with them. This is his own story. But he was in that for a while. Oh, of course. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But any boy that ended up in the WWE E, they were in that gym. And they were in that gym a lot. That's interesting. That's a lot after. It's very Interesting. Did you ever see that Andre, the Giant Documentary? One of my favorites of all My, I love it so much. Do you Have a favorite moment? 'cause I do. Oh, and the fart Thank. You, When they talk about the fart. The fart, but it's the way he took a fart.


It's the way he Took a fart. He Took when when Andre would take a fart, it was mean Gene, the announcer. And he said, take a fart. Take a fart. Meaning when you take a dump, he had to, that's Take fart. it was, we watched, he had to take a fart 400 times. Wait, did you ever hear that weird story that he grew up in the same French town as Samuel Beckett was staying in? What? And Samuel Beckett would take him to school. No. Yes. Come on. That's a fact check though. Because I'm not, I could be Wrong. That's a fact. And check it. As soon as it came out my mouth I was like ilion different things. We'll revisit that. Okay. Okay. Now in my research of you today, I didn't realize this at all happened because I've just known you the whole ride and of course, no, I'm gonna say one more thing before we get to it.


Oh, do you realize every single thing you do is based on a book? This just popped out at me and I'm like, is that intentional? I love Dick based on a book. Mrs. Fletcher, based on a book I know this much is true based on a book. Tiny, beautiful things based on a book. And of course the thing we worked on together. Yes. This is where I leave you based on a book. Is this intentional or is this just happening to you? It's definitely not intentional. And have you noticed that? I've noticed I've had a lot of long titles in my career. Okay. That's what you noticed. Maybe because there is an inherent juicy arc that's already baked into it somehow that when I read it, there's a confidence in it already. So is it chicken or the egg though? This is another way. It could be. It could be that you are attracted to that. I'm almost curious, what is it about something based in literature where the producers and the directors think of you?


I think you might actually really innately read like literary character. Does that make sense Monica? Yes. I have a take. I think it's because when you have a book a character's fleshed out So, so well like it's So detailed. Oh my god. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're a very real person with depth and complexity and I think that's a good pairing. I totally agree. You seem very dense with real personality aside from show business. I think that's your appeal. Oh my God. I mean you don't know how to comment on that. I also Think that a lot of stuff had been directed by women in that particular chapter who were interested in exploring these women that I just happened to be at the age of like we just happen to like match up at this weird moment.


I think there's like a depth to you that is very much a literary character more than what do we know about Bond? He can kill people and fuck good. And he is got cool cars. There's that like Dare you. That's not to imply Daniel Craig doesn't have a depth to him also. Aren't Those books? They are. Interestingly. But anyway. but Yeah. Anyway. When you say literary, I imagine myself really bad. Are He Fleming? No, but I hear you. I know. There is something interesting. It's suspicious. It's Suspicious. I haven't interviewed someone where their last seven projects were based on I Know. That is interesting. Well also You work a lot. So part of it could also just be that you work all the time. They're gonna be a higher No, but no. 'cause it's literally the last six Or six. But not Mr. And Mrs. Smith.


What are you talking? No, but I'm not Angelina Joli. You're not? No. I'm so sorry. Are you in the new Mr and Mrs. Smith? No. Oh, okay. Oh, What happened? I got confused. That's okay. Fans It. Brain Fog. Wait, who was it? Oh listen. I Know. This I know this really well. I do this sometimes when I'm interviewing people and I Am humiliated. I'm always confused and flatteringly. So with Anna Gasti, we always are confused with each other. That's And you think I Hundred percent Is it? Who? It's hundred percent. Oh my God. Amazing. Oh, okay. I did that. She will send me like pictures of Starbucks cops that say Bad Moms. Oh nice. Like I love Bad Moms. But I Know you. So this is a bummer For me. No, it's not. Don't worry about it. Life is weird. I Guess we have to keep it in because You have to keep it in.


Do you want to go in the bathroom? Self flagellate for a second. Cry. Cry. Smack yourself in the mirror. Yeah, I do. But cheers too. Com. Do it in my face. I want to see you atone. Wow. It's definitely her. Yeah. Everyone asked me this. I I was in SNL. Sure. Well also 'cause you're funny. I'm Very flattered. We both went to Northwestern. Wow. Okay. This feels like a sim thing. Yeah. A Little bit of a a hundred percent Glit. All right, well that was embarrassing. So that You guys, I said Vince Vaughn, No wonder you think she works so much 'cause you're seeing everything. You work a time. She does. But also everything you see on a gas iron, you're also like, wow, she's in this too. How? Because she's here in like 13 projects a year. I do. No. Between the two of us, we have a pretty healthy body of work.


Yeah. People ask me how I have time for the T-Mobile commercials. They're like Zach Shepherd is in. Why Haven't Jerry said I'm Def Leppard joined by Santa Monica. Oh, I can't do that. I'm always in the car mixing it up for myself. You're the only person that likes it. I'm always Like, ha. It feels like home Santa Monica. You've never done that one. You should add that in. Okay, I'll do it. Leppard. I'll do all of Def Leppard. Yeah, Def Shepherd. Okay. But what I was gonna say before I got into these literary things, which again is very suspicious and interesting. We'll both mu that over. I, I think mold wine. Hopefully I gave you a kernel. Something to obsess about later. It's good. I need more to ruminate over. Yeah. Good. I can relate. As I was up all night last night.


Me too. My brain was just on fire. We had a long-term, amazing assistant who just left. Okay. On Friday with a day notice because you got a great job as the writer's assistant. I love her. I'm so excited for her. But it was definitely like, fuck Monday. And this sounds like a crazy problem to have as I'm saying it. I'm just like, oh, because I'm leaving. All of a sudden all this press stuff is happening. Yeah, you press. But it's all good. I'm excited for her now I feel now I feel weird though. hold on, assistant. Hold on. I have the same thing. I think it Midwest is where we're from. It's weird. 'cause would you feel better about lying about what your life is Exactly. Yeah. Which is like you're in 55 things. You film all across the country. Yes. Someone's gotta pick up some of the big holes. It's hilarious that I'm still have file facts and I still schedule everything myself because I have a kind of a control freak.


Right? Not a control freak. But I, you wanna know The shame. I spent my whole Sunday mopping my garage And I know what's wrong with This. Doing all this weird stuff. I was putting molding on my Roadmaster. But you Like it feels grounded. What I like is how I feel after I do it. It's not like I enjoy doing it, but afterwards. But again, this is my story. I'm Like, God's just making you feel grounded. Sounds like a douchey thing to say. Well, oh it does. You can't win. I can't. I'm horrible person. I know. We're so hard on it ourselves. Why Are we so hard on Ourselves? but Yeah, I finished the whole thing and I have a blister around my thing. I pulled my nail away from the bed yesterday. I was bleeding on my thumb. I blistered all over my fingers and I go, okay, you kind of earned all this great luck you have today. and I still don't feel like I really did I know. Right. I almost think I'm a toning so it doesn't get taken.


So Last night it spiraled from that to my dad's stuff to like all this stuff at once. It's very hard for me to compartmentalize and show up clear. That's why meditation, I'm really trying, which is probably the opposite of what one meditates is to try Try your hardest. No. Ah, I'm gonna fucking meditate. And then time feels very precious. Like a year left with my son at home just feels like, ooh. I'm very scared of that. But anyway, I'm not a lot of sleepless night either. I would not describe myself as someone who has anxiety. That's not really my thing. I have other things. Funny enough, just during the day don don't. But at night I have tremendous anxiety while I sleep. I think it's 'cause I'm afraid to be vulnerable, to like shut myself down.


What could happen while I'm not paying attention? My anxiety's gotten worse. Thank God for people you trust to talk to. And also like therapists, a therapist. Yeah. It's not douchy if you have an assistant, but if you have many therapists that no I know. I was gonna say like when I said therapists, like I choose which no. Yeah, exactly. I think a lot of accumulation of being away for a lot of my kids' life is starting to build up. So I don't wanna put that on them. So I'm trying to like Move through it all. Yeah. See it, observe it. Love one. Experience it. You're a good girl. You're No, but you're sorry. You we're good people. I saw you in Miami with your kid. You put a lot of effort in that. You went to a driving school, you're a provider.


You're a young, it's, Yeah. That is the key somewhere. I'm not sure if I'm right on this, but the most vulnerable thing is to love oneself. To believe. Yeah. You're worthy of loving. It's really hard. Yourself. It's hard. It's really hard. Yeah. Yeah. Ugh. Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare.


T-Mobile 5G. Internet keeps getting better. Boost your connection to harder to reach places with home internet plus. And get internet right where you want it. With wifi that reaches the attic, I finally have a home office. Get a free Upgrade to T-Mobile Home Internet Plus while supplies last home. Internet Plus starts at 50 bucks a month with auto pay and any voice line check availability at T-Mobile dot com slash home internet During Congestion. Customers on this plan may notice speeds lower than other customers and further reduction using greater than 1.2 terabytes per month due to data prioritization. After $20 bill credit plus $5 per month without AutoFi debit bank account require regulatory fees included for qualifying accounts. 35 connection charge applies.


And we're back with Canva Presents secret sounds Work Condition Caller. Guess this sound. It's a mouse. Click. So close that's actually publishing a website with Canva Docs. Next caller. Definitely a mouse click Nice drive. it was sorting a hundred sticky notes with a Canva whiteboard. We also would've accepted resizing a Canva video into 10 different sizes. What? No way. Yes. Way. One click can go a long way. Love your work at Canva dot com.


Time is a luxury for us, especially if you're a mom. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus, what if your products had thousands of five star reviews Where natural and affordable. Well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-End Skincare that is affordable. And. it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle, yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com for 20% off with code get dime. That's dime beauty co.com code. Get dime for 20% off.


Anyway, Tell me if you figure it out. I'm telling there's something probably true that is the baseline and I'm just figuring it out. No, like that is like the thing. I think Most people struggle with that. It's hard thinking. A therapist. You did play a therapist in Mr. And Mrs. Smith just letting you know Oh. yeah. That was your role. Amazing. Yeah. and I learned a lot. Yeah, you did. These characters Teach us so much. They do. Some people say that and they mean it. Okay. 25 minutes ago. Feel I've probably said that before because I didn't know what else to say. No, also, It's scary. Well, that's another thing, right? I'm like, because I'm like, I don't wanna reveal too much. No, but Also Dad, that's you. But with you, I can't help it Against being earnest. And it's also okay to be earnest sometimes, if that's your truth. If you learn something, we learn stuff from our job all the time.


Yeah. But we have pros come in. I learned stuff about myself based on our dynamic. Life is like that. Are you allergic to earnestness? I was. Although I always had it growing up in that kind of like, It's too vulnerable. But because there was a rage virus for a second, which was really counter to everything that I had been putting out there. And you're right. When I see earnestness in my children, it might be the most beautiful thing I witnessed. The most beautiful thing. You're so right, Monica. And then I go like Oh. yeah. You can't let yourself do that. When I look my new chimp in the eyes. Tonka. There's nothing. Yeah. The purity. The purity. See there I am making a joke. They come. No And. that was funny.


Yeah, it was. Okay. 60 minutes ago, I said, in my research of you today, I realized something I missed, which was Wanda vision. What if you started talking about the books? I did the literary fun Oh. yeah. and I was on a loop. Yeah. You already, I would've totally understand. I have empathy and compassion. We'll revisit the books after this point. They've been trying to make forever. I didn't know that Wanda Visions was so enormous. I didn't either. it was a Pandemic. And then this rash of interviews I read Post Wa Vission have a similar theme, which is like, you're a big star now, but you've always been, people are enamored with you in You're having a moment. Which is crazy Me, because you were like a lead of Bad Moms, which had sequels.


I mean, you were outstanding in that movie. So the notion that you were having a moment from Vission struck me as interesting. and I. Just wonder if it struck you as Interest se. Well, it was interesting because it was like one of those jobs that I didn't know we were not gonna be the first out of the gate. it was supposed to be Falcon in the Winter Soldier. I think it felt like this weird little stepsister. And it was met with such excitement that there was something different. And also I think it was just perfect timing. it was so unique. And also it was made so well. it was the pandemic when it came out. And I'm not on social media. Congrats. Well start out with laziness. and I'm kind of like, I just can't do it. I was Gonna say congrats too. But she has just as many anxiety and sleep issues as me. And then I thought, well fuck it.


Maybe it's not though. No, I just think it's like being around, just being human. and I really loved that part. It just felt like something clicked. It just felt easy. I love those characters in the Marvel movies. And so it was just easy. I knew nothing about Agatha this centuries old witch. So it was just a blast. And then seeing it together, I was like, ah. It's a very cool Show. I mean, I did the finale. All a DR. That last episode was in my garage. Oh, wow. Because of Covid. Like I had to put up Sound deafening. No, I wish It was like moving tarps. Oh sure, sure. And Ferny paths. Fer Pad. Like screaming, holding for lawnmowers. Like Oh. yeah. Right outside. Yeah. Leaf blower.


It was fun though. So It was enormous. Is that the biggest tidal wave you've been on? I guess in terms of visibility and online chatter? That has been the thing. But I've got a teenager who tells me how it just blows over in two seconds. So it's like, you know, you can't hold on to anything. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. yeah, because I'm constantly like, it's very demure. She's already like, that's done, mom. I know. I'm like, what? I've heard about it. It's all I got. As soon as I learned too, it's over. It's over. It's sad. Like, yeah. Gotta go guys. I don't know that one. Oh. yeah. I guess it's like, god damn. But it's like, yeah. And that's when TikTok, I think so probably. How soon into that experience were they talking spinoff and Agatha having her own Jack Shaver who wrote it was like, we're not done yet.


And I was like, oh my God. Yes. And then it wasn't until it was a year, I was actually shooting Glass Onion. When I got the phone call, I freaked out. Yeah. It took a while to sink in. Because I was like, oh my God. And you're home for it too, right? Is that you? No, It was Atlanta. Oh. It Looks so much like the Disney lot Of, oh, we did shoot a little bit at Warner Brothers before they tore it down. My house was, I guess I can say that it was the Bewitched House. Ooh. Oh, That's so, I Love that. You should say That. That's really cool. I. Know. That's cool. I love that. Yeah, it was a trip. Okay, so now Agatha Harkness has her own show, which is Agatha. All Along. But there was a moment, it was called Coven of Chaos. I don't know why we ditched that title.


That's I know. Great. I kinda like the Lion Witch with a great wardrobe. Oh, oh That. That was one where it was out there for a second. and I also feel like there should be one that's just called Witch, please. Oh, that's great. That's great. Or one that's called Brittany Witch. It's Britney Witch. It's Britney Witch. Oh my God. I wouldn't be surprised. So I watched three of them last night. Stop it. Yeah, yeah, of course. What I was really excited about is Allie's in it. God, do you know Allie? She is partnered up with William Jackson Harper. Yes. Oh My gosh. I love Allie. She's so rad. Did you meet her on this project or did you already know her? No, I met her on this project. We gotta spend a little time in Atlanta with Will.


He's a peach. They're both so freaking talented. And they're so authentic and real. I know. And they're real actors. I know. I really Root for them as a couple. Me too. And then Kristen was flipping out that Patty Lone was on it. That means the world to her. To all of us. Everyone on set was like Patty. Yeah. She's incredible. Lone. Lone. The wolf. Talk about force of nature. Icon. I wasn't in the theater, but there's a handful of people that Kristen, there's a deity on screen. She was like exploding with a pond. No I know spraying. She was spraying all over the screen. The whole cast in this Which is not very many people is incredible. But It's all bad bitches.


Yes. Yeah. 'cause Aubrey's awesome. I love Aubrey. She's incredible. It's funny, I loved her on White Lotus. And it's criminal to me that you haven't been on White Lotus. Again, back to the literary thing. You seem like the perfect white. You'd lotus lead. You'd be putting that out there. Oh, Put it out there. Would you love to do a season of that? I Think it would be amazing. Yeah. Okay, great. We just gotta Put outta the universe. Thank. You guys. Or. We Gas Guys, I'll give you 2.5%. I'll give you a free set visit. Oh. Yeah. I that To whatever fancy locale. Okay. So set it up for us. We meet you. Mind you, I was unaware of the Wanda Vision spinoff of it all. So I'm really putting together what's happening. Yes. But we meet you and you're a detective and you're a very detective. E detective.


Deadly serious. Yes. Very true detective. And then we find out you're under a spell. I have been under a spell for a long time. And so you're living in a kind of fantasy world. Yes. And what happens? And I've been stripped of my powers. We don't like that. No. The beginning of it. There's almost like a rattle in this universe, this bubble of this town that something has happened. She becomes kind of a detective to try to figure out what is happening in this world. She's like the ultimate performer. She kind of morphs into whatever's needed. But she still doesn't know who she is at all. Yeah. It's kind of Memento kind of Jason Bourne. Yes. Certain people start to puncture that. Yes. Oh fun. Then it gets classic. She's gotta round up some other witches. And she thinks these are bozo witches.


It's all outcasts. Yes. You come together low expectations. Alan's broken toys In your adversary. The antagonist is plaza. Yeah. We have a very intense past. I'm complicated. Can't wait to find out what it is. 'cause in that first scene, centuries old I was like, are they lovers? Who knows? Oh. yeah. But we definitely have a long past. Okay. And that's on Disney Plus that comes out September 18th. Yeah. I can't wait for people to see it. Yeah. It's, I'm Really, really, it was one of the like toughest and most meaningful things I've ever done in my life. What was like the emotional connection that was happening? Or why did it feel special Going down the road? Like the only way out is through. It's almost a weird metaphor for menopause.


A hundred percent. Like what is a witch? What is at the end of the road? What can you be proud of? What are your powers? It felt very powerful. Also like that a witch contains all ages of being a woman. Witch Is implicitly feminist. They were powerful women that men were afraid of. And other women were threatened by. Yeah. Yeah. And they were persecuted. Yeah. It's a good metaphor. But I used to meet with a witch during the making of it. Who is amazing. We had like a zoom. How do you authenticate that? She's a member of wca. That's How she defines herself. She was into tarot. Tarot Tara Tarot Tarot. Tarot chips. No, she's into tarot and the moon astrology. it was incredible to keep grounded And that and not the kind of Disney Six inch noses Idea of it was containing the good and bad.


Like are you a good witch or bad witch? So this felt very like digging into the, it was fun. I'm Excited. Yeah. I'm a witch. You so are a witch. I love witches. I do too. She also sees a witch for her skincare needs. Yeah. Oh, I haven't seen her in a minute. Oh wait, I wanna hear about your skincare Witch. I think she's a witch. She would not appreciate. Oh, okay. That verbiage that I gave her. 'cause she's quite religious so I think she probably wouldn't like it. But she puts a spell on Monica's face. Okay. Yeah, I think so. I mean, it looks Thank You Incredible. She'll Be doing, you know her thing and she'll just touch it here. And then I look in the mirror, I'm like, the whole face is different. So she's pretending like she's doing stuff, but really she's doing spells And potions. That's what I said. And potions.


Yes. And. that elixirs. Nothing like an eye of anut. The dark Hearts. Yeah, exactly. The Dark farts. The dark farts. Did you say that a lot on set Oh? yeah, Of course. Obviously you're a good person. Catherine, I adore you. Oh My God. You guys always I don Know about six years between visits. No. Can we not? It seems stupid. Especially 'cause you've had 65 projects since then. I know. You could have Come on to, I think that there was a one time almost near Miss When almost near Miss Now. Do you just have repeat people that come on and just say how excited they are for you? I'm thrilled. I'm Thrilled. That makes me happy, guys. Oh my God. Because again, back to the Michigan thing, my first thought is people hate success. The whole thing makes me nervous. I'm very scared to even be told.


Congratulations I. Know. That fucking weird. Well, Because you've gotta think it's around the corner. The shoe's Gonna drop. Yes, exactly. And then it'll actually be on top of it all going away. It'll be humiliating. 'cause I accepted those compliments. I know it's public, but also it's life. Who? Who Cares? I know I Know. I wanna escape that. Like Yeah. If you can't enjoy any of the things, 'cause you're so afraid it'll be taking away and you'll look like a fool to have been enjoying. it was like all of All a sudden you're gonna have to sell it all and move to a home. Also, I don't wanna do this, but you are anxious. Mm, No. Do it. You're deputized to Call me out. This is anxiety. That is what it is. Yes. I know in your head you think of it differently and you think you have nighttime anxiety. But I've seen what you just said.


Internal anxiety is, I think is a clinical term. Monica, internal Anxiety. You're right. But what you just described as daytime anxiety and lifetime anxiety. So you do have It. So you think I have anxiety about how people think about me and Oh. yeah. Yeah. And. that the shoe will draw. Yeah. That's all. Yeah. That's Literally Anxiety. Future thinking. Yes. Future surfing they say in aa. Oh, I Love it. It's good. I love that one. That is anxiety. which you gotta make friends with a little bit. I loved Inside Out too, for the very reason. That's where I went on my birthday. Oh. Oh Fun. Yeah. I'm so happy for Polar. Oh my God. I'm so happy for Polar. Did You hear her on here? Yes. Oh. Yeah. Of course I did. It's Just so good. She's so good. I love Babers. I love hearing her all of a sudden be the therapist for you Guys.


I Know I. know, be honest. I would imagine you love She can shut me the fuck up and give it to me. Yes. Yeah. I think people like that. Don't You love it too? And I accept it from her. and I enjoy it. But I do think that's very fun for people to hear. I Know. She's an incredible listener. That was Resting a lot. She's fun. That Was crackling Oh. yeah. Yeah, yeah. Oh, I was scared. I I know. Scared I know. She's the fricking best. Alright. Kathryn Hahn. I love you. I love you guys. This is so awesome. Agatha All Along. September 18th, Disney plus. Yes. Watch the shit out of it. And then we'll get this awesome crew of actors back together to do more. Be well. Enjoy your dog. Date. Thank You. I'm very excited.


You should be. My daughter's like we're coming home with one. I was like, they're not. Oh boy. Oh boy. But I'm very excited to find this little cute of home. I hope. All right. Adore you. Be well. Okay. Adore you. He's an our care expert buddy. Makes mistakes all that time. Thank God. Monica's here. She's gotta let him have the facts. I'm gonna go jig Jill in the hall for this until I read or stomach like Jake. Yeah. His is like half is All the way down Here. No, it's like a one more button. One More button. That's how he did it. And he does it. Yeah. Do you think that's how he did it? Or he does it? Do you think it was a one-off? It's how he did it. I think it's a one-off. 'cause he was playing a character. Right. And he was presumed innocent or someone was in that story.


We won't spoil. Okay. I have a really important thing to talk about. Oh, okay. I'm in the middle of a mug issue. A mug. Yeah. Boy, I got real scared for a second. Yeah. But it was a misdirect. Yeah. Whew. No, this is a mug issue. Okay. So this weekend I went to a new restaurant. So delicious. Mm. It's called Bud Noki. Okay. I love Bud Noki. Oh, I was gonna text you 'cause I figured you evolved. it was up your alley. Yes. Isn't it so good? Yeah. We've Gone half a dozen times already. So, Rob, have you had any of the drinks in the mugs?


No. Okay. So they're doing a special mug drink. Yeah, They have some drinks. Maybe it's just one drink. I don't know. It comes in a very fun animal mug. Oh. And they have different ones. And so I got this seal and A seal. Okay. That's not the drink. That's the mug shape. That's the mug. Okay. And Jess got a penguin. Oh, Okay. And the girl next to us had an octopus. I didn't really like the octopus. Okay. Was the penguin a promotional tie in for the HBO show? No, it wasn't cross promotional. Like when Burger King does a Godzilla Cup. No. Okay. It is a ceramic like nice mug. Ooh. And.


it says on there a fee for stealing the mug. $150. Oh, It says that on the menu. Which Is interesting. 'cause how? How do they charge if you've left? Yes. Yeah. And if one of your, you know, like, okay, so presumably go, oh, we're missing a mug. Which by the way, could be missing for multiple reasons. One might be that you stole it. Yeah. Second they go. Good. We have a credit card on file. 'cause they paid, but there were more than two people at the thing. So some someone's getting screwed for their Jaron friend. Well, yeah, but that's you. You are who, that's who you're friends with. Yeah. Okay. I decided when I saw that, that I needed the mug. Yeah. We asked the guy, the server. We asked our server.


So if we want this mug, can we take it and pay $150 for it? Yeah. That would be my thought. Just take it. But And, we will tell you now and you can go ahead and charge us. Yeah. It was like an ethical thief. Yes. He was like, well no, I can just give you the Instagram of the woman who makes them. She's really cool. And you can buy them on her website. Yeah. And it's a little cheaper. And I was like, oh great. But then as we're sitting there, I was like, no, I want it now. Okay. I really want it now. You got impatient. Yeah. Why? We asked somebody else and he said, oh no, we'll give you the Instagram. Like he kinda reiterated the Instagram was the way to go. Can I just add, they must deal with this all meal.


Every meal. It's probably like our releases now. What do you mean? Like, I'm sure every table's like, so can we just steal this? And then we pay. And then Do you think every table is as absurd as me and is willing to pay $150 for a a, a acute, but How big is the mug? How many ounces? It, it kind of looks like this shape. Like a 12 ounce mug or 18 to 20. Like Whatever this is I don. Okay. That's probably 16. Okay. Well I get, yeah. Whatever it was like, it was like, Okay, it's in a shine. It's not like a huge ceremonial mug. No. Okay. I would guarantee most people are not doing what I did.


Sure. And they're right to not do that. That would be, that's silly, right? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. but Yeah, it is a town of entitled Im patient people. That's what we are. Let's own who we are is I, Holly Wood, I, Know, I, Know. Overpaid, impatient, entitled. I think that's a good character description of us. It's not a cheap restaurant Either. It's not, it's not a cheap restaurant. I just look, I, I mean, I'm giving most people the benefit of the doubt that they're not as crazy as me. Yeah. And are not seeing something be, and I'm trying to compliment you and I. I think you're baseline crazy for LA and me too. Yeah. You're complimenting, you've been doing some weird compliments lately.


They're not landing certainly in the way I'm intending. No, because you're always saying something mean in there. Well, you are Saying you're worse than the average person. That's what your statement is. And I'm saying you are not any worse than any other people. But you're saying what I am as so I'm elevating assessment entitled and overpaid. You said that. You said that. I didn't say I Was. I said LA as a character type is impatient, entitled, and overpaid. and I'm including myself in that. Yeah. I, Know, I Know we're also Creative and imaginative and hardworking. Like I think it's okay that we're, that our characters define, you know, that the people that are attracted to this place have some characteristics in common. Some of them are very good and some of them are bad.


Yeah. Don don't know that we can say that. Everyone in LA is impatient. Well, I think the nature of LA makes you In. Or Oh, okay. In fact, many people are very underpaid. Yep. I think the nature of all the traffic, the nature of the congestion, the nature of being at restaurants where there's a wait list. I think the context makes us all impatient. It's hard to get everywhere. It's hard to sit down and eat. It's hard. It's challenging. It's not like the town I grew up in or I know how long it takes to get to town. It's two miles down Commerce road. And that's gonna take me three minutes, you know, and then I'll eat at the restaurant. I want to. 'cause of course I can when I walk in, you know? Yeah. So I think the context of this city does bring out a context of New York is like, people are blind to someone on fire.


Well, I don't think that's their fault. I don't think bad people live in New York. I think they're overwhelmed with the stimuli. But don't you think in fact it kind of makes you more patient? Like the fact that I have to, it takes me an hour and a half to get home. It actually makes me more patient because there's nothing I can do. I've just resigned to wasting a lot of time. Knowing your life is gonna take a lot of time to achieve any success. Like a lot, there's a lot of built in, you must have patience to live here force. Yeah. Yeah. I think for sure there's force and I agree. If someone from the Midwest came here and they're like, I gotta go to this place eight miles away, and they were on minute 75 of getting there, they'd be losing their mind because they have no Patience.


It's, yeah. They have no, they haven't been beat down by it. But that's my assessment. I think that people here are entitled and impatient and honk their horn and cut people off and try to cut the line. You honk your horn and cut people off. I Don't, well, I'm Traveling or around. I don't, you don't. Yeah. You're, you're much better than me in a car. Many, many people in LA are honking all day. When I drive down the street, I'm hearing honking ontop. When I take a walk down Los Fields Boulevard, I'm hearing honking nonstop. So I don't hear honking in Hood River, Oregon when I go there. Sure. That's fair. Yeah. And you think that's part of the entitled piece? I think that's the entitled piece. That's not an impatient piece. Well, everyone that comes here, and let's be clear, there's millions of people that A, didn't come here.


Yeah, exactly. B aren't in show biz. I'm talking about people who moved out of their town 'cause they thought they were special. So special they should move to this other city that rewards specialness. So I think all of us who came here in search of this elevated status and elevated specialness is a little entitled in, in, in, in a way that is useful. 'cause it, it inflates you in a way to believe you should have that or you could achieve that. And then the bad side of the the sword is like, you think you're special. Oh god, special. Special is such an interesting word. Some people just like the job. And this is where the job is.


Just like people who go to Silicon Valley because that's where tech is. Because they're in tech or like tech. I don't know that they think they're special. I think they think like, well, that's where I have to go to even try to get this is dc Like, people who wanna be in politics, that's where they have to go in order to have a job they like. Yes. But the conversion rate of our pursuit is infinitely lower than it is in dc In tech, in any of DC there's, there's 4,000 rungs of the ladder. In tech. You could, you could find employment in Yeah. You wouldn't go. Yeah.


I love granted people love the craft. Yeah. No question. I grant that. It's a, it's a pure pursuit. But unless you're completely irrational, you also assess, oh, there's 4 million people that have moved there to do that. And there's a thousand employed actors per season. Now when I, I love riding dirt bikes, but when I see someone do a back flip, I go, I can't do that. I won't be the 1% who can pull off a back flip. But for whatever reason, I have the arrogance and the entitlement and the, I feel special enough to th I knew those odds. you know those odds. Everyone knows the odds.


And you go still going. Yeah. Still try. Which is kinda wild because it's, you're talking about one in a 10,000 chance you'll get to do the thing you wanna do and you still go for it. That to me really illuminates some baseline level of Yeah. I'm, I'm special enough to be one of those one in 10,000. Hmm. Because yeah, that's an, that's an interesting way of looking at it. God, this was fun. And. it all started with a Mug. We're not even close to The, this I know that story's my favorite kind of story. So, okay. So you talked to the second person? Yes. They turned you to Instagram? He Said. He said Instagram. Great. So by the end of this it's clear we need to go to Instagram. Okay. And, but we did, on our way out, we went, we looked at the shelf of their mugs.


Okay. And. we decided the best ones were were a black bear and mainly the black bear. I also really did like Jess's penguin. And they had a bunch of cute they had, so they're all so cute. Yeah. And then I went in the car, I started Googling first thing I see a limited edition section. Amazing. Oh, you Found the right Instagram page. Yeah. Okay. And those were Halloweens. So she has some Halloween ones. I decided I didn't need to put my money there, but then I went to the others and where all the animals were. Yeah. Yeah. And the black bear is sold out. Mm. You have a good eye. I know. But now I'm in a huge pickle.


Okay. 'cause Okay, so the black bear is sold out also. There was a badger that I wanted that was so cute. Sure. Sold out. No Pain would be dif for Dan. Daniel. Ricardo. Yeah. I mixed Danny and Daniel. Just now. Daniel. Daniel. Daniel, Daniel, Ricardo, And no penguin. Okay. Auto A print. Exactly. Mm. Discontinued. So. Hmm. How does this filter? Oh, I just spit. I'm cutting that. Oh, how does this, You should leave it. It. No, My hate that. Ew. Gross. Nothing came out. I Know. How to fake spit. You do. I definitely saw some spit. Come back. No spit. Yes. I did see some spittle.


I mean, the amount you have when you're talking. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Try again. You gotta fake clear your throat too. Oh, this isn't a real throat clear. Okay. You'd know when I cleared my throat. I do not. You fucking throw up your pretty little lunch. Diane, remember, I think you should leave. We just showed the kids that Delta can do the whole thing now. Oh my God. Any who? Okay. So it's a fake throat. Clear. Wow. That was good. I didn't see any spit all that time. Oh wow. Okay. Now I, that's the last one. That's good. Did you have to do that in a movie? No. As a kid you do that. Oh my God. Not at least in Oxford Acres where I Grew up. Not in entitled Los Angeles.


No, this is before I became entitled. This is back when I was blue collar. And I mean the people, so This is circling back because you are gonna have thoughts on what I did next. And you're gonna say it's probably 'cause I'm entitled or I feel special. Okay. But it's not, it's because I go after what I want. You're Go-getter. Yes. Yeah. And so I DMed her. Okay, Great. And I said hi. I was looking at your website. I love your mugs. I'm wondering if you're ever gonna, if you're, you're gonna bring back some of the sold out mugs. 'cause I'm really interested in a couple of them. Yeah. And she responded.


Okay. You're gonna read it. Okay, great. 'cause it's so well written. You don't wanna I don't wanna mess it up. Oh, that would be a good one. I burp and then I spit. Oh, because that's so gross That Yeah. Yeah. I Don't like that. It's like, what? Something came up when he burped. No gross, Gross, gross. Actually, I have to say, say it. Well, there are grosser things, but one, I guess it's, maybe it's a pet peeve. Yeah. I really don't like when people spit on the street. You don't At all. Okay. All Right. But one of my friends does it a lot. Yeah. Yeah. and I, you hate it. I've done a good job of not saying it, but you hate it.


It's, I I think it's so foul. Sure. Let me ask the And, it is entitled A, a, a mild distinction. Yeah. Does it anger you when he sits on the sidewalk or in the street where the cars go? I Didn't say the gender of this person, but Okay. But I, not a lot of women are fucking hacking loogie. Sorry to genderize this, but I'm not seeing too many broads clear their throat Hack on. The fuck. If it was that, I would, I think I would feel less grossed out. You'd Think it was punk rock. Well, I would Just be like, Goding really patriarch have a situation. They're not just like, oh, For their amusement or a tic spitting. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Okay. Now what did you ask me about this non-gendered person? Okay. Did this dude, does this dude spit in the street or on the sidewalk?


Would that have a different outcome of outrage for you? Because I do, you know, I have a lot of, well-documented you. I have a lot of issues. Yeah. And sometimes I have to spit, but I spit in the street. 'cause no one's walking in the street. Sure. Like I, I get it. You spit on the sidewalk. A, someone would step in it gross B you see it. That's fucking gross. I acknowledge it's gross. That's why I want it outta my mouth. 'cause it's fucking gross. You think you don't want it on the sidewalk? I don't want it in my mouth. It's Yours. I don't want it. Well, I don't want it either, but I swallow it all day long. Oh my God. Don't give the beat off people something to play over and over again. I will find a bush. Because if you're running around in a bush on the sidewalk and you run into my spit, that's on you.


So I'll try to find some foliage also. I think they appreciate it. It's probably Nutritional And Medicinal that So talk about entitled. My God. No, that's talk about, that's arrogance. Well, that might be my spit is so healthy. Plants. Yeah, that's right. I'll spit first. I'll try to find a foliage like dirt around a tree planter. Sure. And, and by the way, I'm like, I'm a sharpshooter. I'm not like first day like, you know, like where'd it go? I could hit, as you know, I won the cherry seed spiting contest up in Traverse City. So I can put it exactly where I want. I make sure no one's looking. I got moves. I do like, I just really get it out quick and get rid of it. And then I'll do it second to that in the street. And I'll even step out in the street and act like I'm going around.


So off the side of my, so no one sees it and never on the side. Everyone sees it. This is what, this is what You're learning about this behavior of mine just now? No I know you. You've seen It. Yeah, I have. Okay. Okay. Am I your friend in this story? You're not. I have this French, whatever. They are very short, ample breasts. They do the most annoying thing. Don't be mean because wasn wasn't talking about you. That's a joke. A joke. Joke. Oh, you're a joke. So mean to me these days. No, I'm so nice to you. My god. Okay, so, okay. So anyway, this person also mainly spits in the foliage.


The greenery. Like anything green or it, they don't spit in the street. I mean in the sidewalk. Okay. That's so I think that's, that's pretty nice. Yeah. But it's still, I It's still Gross. It's so gross. Yeah. Okay. It is gross. Yeah. Sp 'em sp 'em. It's full of bacteria too. Yeah. Like it's gross. That's why you wanna outta your mouth. No, your own bacteria is fine to swallow. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm not, I don't need, I shouldn't be exposed to anyone else's bacterias. Okay. Okay. Stay tuned for more armchair expert If you dare.


We are supported by Welch's zero sugar. I get the warmest coziest feeling with just insane Welch's. Yeah. What a treat it was when I was a kid. I know. Well Welch's zero sugar is a new drink filled with incredible flavor. We're talking mouth watering, fruity goodness with flavors like tangy passion fruit and bold concord grape. And when something tastes this good, you might not expect that it'd be a healthy choice. But it is. This delicious beverage has zero grams of sugar. This was made for me. It might not immediately make sense how a zero sugar drink could taste so good. You just have to sip it to get it. I gotta say it's delicious. And you know, I'm not a big sugar consumer, so this is the ideal product. It worked out perfectly. Welch is zero, sugar is refreshing, and a great addition to your breakfast routine. Start your day with something sweet without the sugar. Try new Welch's zero sugar today. Available in stores now. Find it in the refrigerated aisle.


Back to the Mug. Yeah. You're about to read her response. Oh. yeah. Oh my God. It's 1111. Oh, Okay. Let me think. Oh. yeah, me too. Monica could hear my compliments Shut Without flipping them into negatives. Please. God. Grannis is blessing. Thank God. Who does it? Father? Father? What was it? What is it? Father. Father time, I guess. Father God. Father God. Oh, father God. Father God. It is 1111. Father God. Can you tell I'm coming out of my bad mood? Why Are you in a Bad mood? I was just grumpy for a couple days. I was really exhausted and I. Don't know why. I think it was from the previous week and shooting the commercial and all the other stuff. But it kind of hit me like I couldn't work out. You saw me yesterday. I was, I was asleep on a cha lounge.


Yeah. That was weird. One. One of you ever stumbled upon me and I was asleep outside. Well, it just looked like you were getting some sun. Some sun. Yeah. I was getting some Zs. Oh, you didn't seem grumpy. The dinner made me, I was recognizing this morning while I was journaling, like how much of an extrovert I am. Like the power. Oh, the fuel source that is for me. 'cause I was very exhausted. I slept on a cha lounge. I was grumpy. I didn't want to go. Of course I was in ICU 'cause you're my friend, but I didn't want to go And. we got there and I started chatting with new people and I had a really good time. And then I was like, it clicked me outta my bad mood. And I'm like, I am such an extrovert.


Mm. That's so interesting. If you believe the paradigm where you're given energy by those Yeah. As opposed to drained of energy. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. What'd she say? I said, Hi, I have a question. Are any of the sold out mugs returning? She said, love to answer any questions. Which ones are you looking at? I said I was looking at the black bear and the badger. I was looking at the black bear and the badger. That's exclamation 0.00. And I said, and you don't have a pig by chance, do you? And she said, unfortunately, all those designs have been discontinued. Discontinued. It seems you love the forest animals. Is that what you're drawn to? Oh my God. So this is kind of like a spiritual experience. And I said, oh, that's so sad.


Not necessarily drawn to forest animals specifically. Those were just extremely cute. Then she said, so glad you like them. We're announcing an addition to our forest friends lineup this week. We really hope you're drawn to it. Desert Devils Sidewinder Snake. I should check right now. And it Scorpion. See If it's been updated. Oh wow. Since your interaction. Oh, there is a new one. It's a fox. It's cute. Ah, it's, and we've, we've assigned you fox in the past. Shit. Should I get it? Of Course. Go crazy. You should get the fox. Bring it to that restaurant. Put a sign on it that says, if I leave this behind you owe me $150.


If I forget this here, you owe me $150. That's fun. Oh, that would really work. Do you think I should get two and then leave one at the restaurant and take the black bear? No, I think it's discontinued. So they Don't know that until I Tackle. Well, like they knew the most about this. No, they dunno. In your learning. No, I think this is a, maybe a good hack. 'cause I'm, I'm giving them one. Maybe you should give them two and take the bear. So order three. Keep one. Give them two and take one. Okay. I'm adding de cart, Adding de car. I also want a unicorn. There's a unicorn. That's really cute.


Okay. And I don't like a unicorn. Really? Yeah. Why? I was gonna give an explanation that was way deeper than is real. Well, what was it? I'm curious. Don don't like fake. don don't like deception. I don't like the Easter bunny. don don't like fake. I like real stuff. I don't like to be fooled. I don. Want someone to think? I think there's really a unicorn. You Okay's. No such thing. Okay. Do you know that? Can I say Something? Yeah. You use the phrase unicorn More than most people I've ever met. I do like describing humans as unicorns. Yeah. But I guess you're right. I'm saying they're fake if I'm standing by what I just said. So I do rapidly resend everything I just said.


Okay. All right. Get a unicorn one. That sounds fun. Add It to playful. Okay. I just don't think, let me say this. Okay. and I think she's onto something with her spiritual talk when you get the bear or the whatever. Right? It's like woodsy. Yeah. It's like, mm. I'm gonna have a mead or I'm gonna have this. Oh, this, this woods beverage. Yeah. And. it adds something to it. A a unicorn mug's. Like what's inside confetti cotton candy. How fun is that bubblegum flavor? Not for a, a warm, you know, I guess maybe if you only drank hot cocoa out of it with rainbow marshmallows. Oh hell yeah. Then that's fine. Get it? Yeah, but just, that's just for hot cocoa with rainbow marshmallows.


You only So you are drawn to forest friend. Okay, so out of these Yeah, I would get the bear and I'd pour chili in it. We all want the bear. Okay. It's discontinued. I'd it with bison chili and drink my chili out. Well, 'cause it's hearty and woodsy. Do you want river otter? Oh, that's really cute. I know. I kind of want that for Delta. That makes me think. Well, She's also a unicorn. She is the ultimate Unicorn I know. See? So, And I'm taking my little unicorn on a bike vacation. That's So, I'm very excited. That'll be so cute. Okay, now tell me what you're drawn to. Okay. Of of these headings for friends. Yeah. Underwater friends.


Hmm. Mythical friends. You Established No way has what? Merlin King Lord of the rings. Stop. You're insulting so many people. You don't like this dragon. I guess I should, 'cause did we find out on me the noami the tiger Oh? yeah. Gimme a jungle cat. And who are what? Who was I? You're the rabbit still, I think. Oh, Okay. There's a Sasquatch and a Yeti too. I think that's so fun. Conspiracy theories. You're just flagging yourself as a dope. Oh my god. Okay. So I'm trying to, today's goal is to alienate every single person. I, including me. Yeah. Yeah. Underwater friends, forest friends, mythical friends, farm friends.


Oh, I'd Like farm friends. Safari friends. So you have to pick one. The forest creatures real over, followed by safari. Yeah. Then third Farm, farm, then underwater, then mythical. Yep. Wow. Yeah. Huh. What's your order On face value? Without seeing Thin slice. Okay. Without seeing if I just hear the headings. Yeah. It's mythical first. What is why? God, man, that's So fun. Like, I love mermaids and stuff. Oh, 'cause you played a mermaid. I, Yeah. Basically. No, mermaids are cool.


They're sirens. And they, what Could be worse than neither being a fish or a human? So you can't walk, which is the whole goal of being a human. You love the water. I Know. But I'd wanna be a full on dolphin. No, I wouldn't wanna be a human fucking top. Why? In A dolphin the bottom. You love talking so much. Oh, you have a really strong counter. That was a really good point. 'cause I could swim super fast in the Exactly. and I could go Look at me. I'm entitled. I'm special. That's why I moved to the ocean. Ho ho ho. On my way. I should be there quicker than everyone. All right. So anyway, all to say you Got 'em all.


I'm gonna get them. How big is your cabinet at your new house? Because you're, you're the things you collect. Mainly mugs. Mainly Mugs. Yeah. You have all the star's. Mugs. You need a considerable amount of linear square footage or linear footage. Will you put any ear mugs behind your little head there with your mouse and your sorting hat? I guess I, I could, if there's overflow, I'd like to spray it with some kind of sound dampening thing. But if you're cool with that, What if Starbucks made us our own Mug? It said armchair is the city. The city is the attic. Oh. But really, I still have to figure out a way to get the black bear. I gotta applaud this woman's integrity.


Okay. So that's really what I wanna talk about because Yeah. It's weird to me to discontinue, although that's crazy for us to say. 'cause we have several sweat sweaters that have been discontinued. True. So we're not on a firm footing here. You're right. To be critical. But it seems crazy to me that she has one that everyone loved and she's like done making it I know. I agree. But our sweatshirts are different. The sweatshirt's more like a concert T-shirt. Like it's, yes. It's, it's a, it's a year. It's of the moment. It's of the moment. And it's a timestamp. Yes. Exactly. Do you think somewhere in the bare mug is embedded? 2024. Oh. Because that would be, she'd ha she'd be very legitimate. I'd really, really want it then.


Oh my God. Yeah. But I mean, I have to say, I also applaud her integrity. And I did think for maybe a minute You could sway her. She'd make me one, Of course. A part of my Specialness. Yeah. My entitlement. Yeah. No, it's going after what I want. Great. And she did not budge or sway. Yeah. Good for her. and I've had to, she has boundaries make peace. Yeah. She's had, she has boundaries. and I appreciate that. Yeah. and I have had to make peace. And I'm gonna get the fox. I'd like to try to understand. Yeah. This is sincerely. Oh, we gotta do some comps. Okay. Like you're craving for this mug.


Yeah. Out of 10. Yeah. I don't even wanna do it outta 10. What I want to do is I'm ask, I'm gonna ask you to compare it to when you have craved for a romantic somebody. Oh. Like when you have longed for another human, a male human. How do those two longings compare? Because I don't relate to this. Yeah. you know? Yeah. In a fun way. Yeah. I mean, I might have it a little bit with cars. Yeah. But luckily the barrier of entry to cars is so ginormous. Right. That I can talk myself out of it very easily. Yeah. And so I'm, I'm trying to, I want to anchor it into a, a similar longing. Is it the most longing you feel in life? No. Is for these little things.


Okay. No, it's not. But it is connected. I think romantic connection is not available at my fingertips. Right. and I can't have it easily. Yeah. And so when there are things in life I want that I can have easily, I Feel satiated. Yeah. There are so many things in life I can't have. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That if there's something I can, I, I'll get it. This is such a ding, ding, ding. I can't believe we did this Sam. My god. This is for Kathryn Hahn And. we talk about hoarders. Oh yes. And there's something here about that as well.


Yeah. Except also I did find the transcript of the episode. Malcolm's episode, Malcolm Gladwell's episode of Revisionist History. It's called Dragon Psychology 1 0 1. it was in 2020. It's such a good episode. He talks about like art. It's a lot about art. But then they talk about hoarders and, okay, well now I scroll to the top. So now I have to find it again. Okay. While you're looking for that, I'm gonna express this thought I had. So I was journaling this morning. I was recognizing I was in a better mood. And then I was kind of taking an inventory of when I am in a bad mood, I guess I project it, I start ruminating on other people's character defects when I'm grumpy and grouchy and tired.


and I start like obsessing about, okay, this person is in this continual pattern and they're not gonna do anything to adjust this pattern. I, I realize that my own discomfort really makes me start getting critical of other people around me. Hmm. That's a good thing to know about yourself. To the point where I'm like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna bring this up to this person and I guess. 'cause I'm getting older. I I did have the willpower to resist, but it took a lot of my willpower and I kinda was going like, let's just wait a while. This is in aa pause when agitated. Right. But it was so concrete and real for the last few days.


And then this morning I was in a good mood and I was like, Oh. yeah. don don't care that that person has that pattern. and I accept that they are that way. Yeah. And it's all me. But it's so misleading, I guess. and I say all this to say, I had this enormous blast of gratitude that in general, I'm not living in great discomfort. I don't have chronic Yeah. Long lasting depression. I don't have a lot of things that a lot of people deal with. Yeah. And they're grumpy in their assholes. and I just experience And. It's like, yeah. You almost can't be any other way.


If you're grumpy and agitated, then everything around you is agitating and the people in your life are, and you become misanthropic. Yeah. But it's not really all your fault. It's just like you trapped, trapped in this discomfort. But it's, it's knowing that that's what's happening, knowing that it's you Actually Yes. Is, is helpful. Very helpful to pull you out. But all it can do with the awareness is, is is hold my tongue. Which is advisable. It is the right thing to do. But it doesn't, you can't change how you feel. Like a, you can't change. You can't go. I'm, well now I feel like I'm in a good mood 'cause I decided Sure.


And if you're in a cranky, terrible mood, all you can really do is just keep your mouth shut. You can't change that opinion you have of the people you're assessing and judging. I can't, I can't turn that off. Hmm. That's just how I feel. That's how the world looks to me. Right. And all I can do is shut up. But I, I was thinking, you know, I'm so lucky in that I've gotta weather that for like three days. Interesting. And some people are weathering that, you know, half the year, the whole year, year up, year on year, year over year. And Yeah. It's gotta be rough. Yeah. And you can only be so benevolent when you're in great discomfort.


But Also it's on you to learn how to feel good. Yeah. But I'm acknowledging, like I do have a program that will result in me feeling good And. it involves, you know, a reasonable amount of work and the right amount of sleep and the right amount of exercise and diet. Yeah. And then for some people, probably many, many people they could have that recipe. I have And, it wouldn't result in the right amount of serotonin. Yeah. So there might be a medication that needs to be put in place. Yeah. Like there, it's on you to fix your life. I mean, I really believe that. It just made me really sympathetic to people who are really stuck in depression and stuck in misfortune and unemployment and Oh.


yeah. It's really hard to be generous and loving. Yeah. And. it, it's very hard. It's almost impossible. I'm, I'm really sympathetic to it. I just think the best you can do is like, not cause wreckage in those periods. I think that's a really lovely thing. And like way of looking at it, I'm thinking of someone very specific that cannot find the light. This person cannot do it. Yeah. And for a long time I had a lot of sympathy. Yeah. And I've run out. Yeah. This person has a million options to get out of this. Yeah. But it's on them. Yeah. And I've had depression, like I've had Yeah.


Big chunks of time where I like am in the mud And, it feels like I'll, I'll never be able to get out or I can't. But I'm open to people's advice and people, you know, telling me maybe you should try this or maybe this. Yeah. And then I do And. it helps. Like you have to avail yourself. Yeah. The way I always phrase that is I have a lot of patience for anyone engaged in the fight. Yeah, Totally. But if you're not engaged in the fight, I can't be with you and I can't be your friend. Yeah. I remember that was one of like the very early conflicts. Kristen and I had like really early into dating and there was a certain period and she has depression, admittedly. Yeah. And there's a period of like in bed and couldn't, you know, all this stuff.


And at some point I had to say to her, I'll be with you forever if you're engaged in the fight, but I won't sit by your side while you do nothing and hope that you get better. Yeah. I, I can't, I can't. Yeah. Do that with you. Yeah. But even that's a little bit of a probably privileged point of view. Like there's, I probably have not been at the depths where being engaged in the fight was not even possible. There is a level of mental illness that is cannot be rationed with self-governed. Exactly. Yes. But that's not really who I think, think we're talking about. We're No, no. We're talking about people who have to really make a decision. And it is, it's just self-awareness. It's knowing like, God, I've been angry at people for a year every day.


All I think about is how mad I am at this person or this person or this person. Or how bad things are for me. And Every time I talk about someone else, it's in a negative light. Yeah. Like, that should be like, you everyone should do some kind of inventorying, reflect, reflection when I'm talking about people. Is it generally to point out something shitty? I heard about somebody. Right. That's not a great signal. Yeah. Or or just assessing how you feel throughout the day. Like, am I, when's the last time I felt happy or good? Yeah. If it's been a really long time then you know, it's, it, it just requires active thinking and reflection and like, okay, I think I might need to do something.


I need to get in therapy. I need to get on a medication. Probably I need to, you know, X, Y and z And. that is where privilege because it's all those things cost money. Yeah, totally. So I do that. You're right. And they even maybe imply a friendship circle with some awareness and some, you know, you know. Yeah. There's a lot to it. I've never been, I've only had one suicidal thought in my life. I've talked about. it was when I was at, towards the end of drinking and stuff and I was in Santa Monica, whatever. I had one moment where I wanted to jump in front of a bus. But other than that, and this is not a suicidal thought, but when I have the feeling of like, I want to go, I want to take a nap and I don't wanna wake up for like a year.


Yeah. I don't wanna die. Yeah. But I really want to take a nap that lasts about a year and I wanna wake up feeling fucking equilibrium. Yeah. you know? Yeah. I have that, that To me is like a, that's a huge red flag. Yeah. Like the desire to just sleep through maybe the next few days or months Or Yeah. I just wanna be in this bed. I wanna feel cozy for a few months. Yeah. One time I think when we had Conan on, he said, he said this and I relate and I come in and out of this feeling of, I just wanna like, oh, sometimes I just wanna like get injured enough or sick enough that I have to go to the hospital and like live at the hospital for a couple months.


Yes. This was the great joke in Bad Moms. don don't remember that. That was Christian's total fantasy is that she would get in a car accident and be in the hospital bed and watch TV and the kids would just come in and say hi to her and then they would leave. Oh, that's funny. Yeah. Like sometimes I'm just like, life is too much right now. and I, I wish I could just like go to the hospital and I. Yeah. I don't wanna die, but I wanna remove myself. Well I think there's even more to the specific hospital fantasy because I can relate to that one greatly. and I think that's, that's also symptomatic of you need a valid enough excuse Yes. To hit pause and take some time for yourself. Yes. But you're so, you're just so weighted by this drive to accomplish and be productive and be Yeah.


Yes. Exactly like it was. And the only thing that would justify a break from productivity would be a hospital Hospital. Something that took me to the hospital. Yes, exactly. That's exactly right. Because like, just laying in bed is not the thing. No, you hate yourself. Yeah. You are like, well I gotta be here. It Has to be my kidneys family to be like, there's literally nothing else I can do but be here. Yeah. I bet a lot of people in this Western productivity fucking entitled. Anyway, anyhow, we got really off. I Like it. Okay, now back to hoarding. Yeah. Hoarding. There is, there's an element that's like, I might need it. Like whatever these items. Oh right.


Like yeah. One element is I might need it someday. And then the other is emotional and that's the, the emotional connection with another person event or something. It says the second of those ideas, the emotional one describes as the Proust effect remembrance of things past. He's eating this cookie and all of a sudden it brings him back to his childhood when his aunt used to make these cookies for him. And he remembers the way it felt. A little bit like other phenomena is it's like hearing a song from your childhood. What started to dawn on me was that with people with this problem, these objects form that kind of experience in a much more intense way than everybody else. So somehow these objects are keys to these visceral memories that get produced.


Mm. So finding something, anything, some token, some memento, anything that from your past triggers a much more vivid recollection than in the rest of us. What's interesting is that ties into the expert we had yesterday, which was gonna talk about tribalism. Yeah, exactly. And. that one of the three main components is this compulsion to know and honor the past. Yeah. Which is fascinating. 'cause that's related. Yeah, it is. It's all connected. Well and okay. And then they talked about this one woman who couldn't throw away a Disney blanket that her daughter loved as a child because she felt like if she threw it away, she'd be throwing away all the memories associated and she'd lose that piece of history in her personal history. So it's more like, it's so connected to Yeah.


Human emotion. Like these objects are so connected to memory. Yeah. Even though like all the, you know, things are connected to memory, but for non hoarders we can also, we can also still have the memory without the object. And they can too, but they're too fearful about It. Well, I was gonna say, like, to me that feels like some underlying, it's almost like OCD the real one we discovered. Yeah. Where you're not a molester, but you're obsessed with the notion that you might be. Yes. And to me, this reeks of like, you're for for no reason. You are convinced you'll forget your daughter and the love you feel towards her if this object doesn't exist.


Yeah. And that's not true. But the obsession that that could happen is very real and true. Yeah. But also I think it's true. Oh we, you know, we don't know. I think it's true that people feel things at different intensities. So I do think with hoarders that the level of intensity when they see something is, is different. It is. But I'd argue because it's the abatement of the deep fear in that moment. It's hard to know chicken or the egg. Right. But to me it's like when you look at addiction, when I became incredibly compassionate to addiction, which I never really was, even though I had it and I was open about it, I didn't get compassionate to it until Aaron got sober four and a half years ago.


Oh really? Yes. Wow. it was a very specific moment where it all clicked for me. And I've talked about it, which is I realized Aaron was huffing gas in eighth grade. Yeah. And. It's terrible. It's a terrible high fault by a headache. It's so bad. Yeah. and I realized, God, that was an improvement for Aaron. Exactly. And that's really what addicts are. They're just looking for some fucking relief So. yeah. It's a heightened feeling for the hoarder to, to hold the blanket. Yeah. But it's not 'cause they don don't think they genetically have a more response to tactile. It's that the fear is so uncomfortable and destructive that when it goes away for the minute you're holding the blanket, it feels great.


Yeah. So yes, their feeling is stronger than ours, but it's not, 'cause don don't think they physiologically have something more going on. It's that their fear is so big that the, the relief of the fear is almost euphoric. You don't think addicts have something a little bit different physiologically going on? I do you Think even beyond that there's something in the reward circuit? Yes, I do. I do. Yeah. I, I think that's going on too. 'cause I think obviously there's this super asymmetric history of trauma and ACE scores. Yeah. and I do think those rewire your arousal system. Yeah. So. yeah. I think, but again, that just goes back to my opinion.


That's why the status quo is so uncomfortable that the relief is Necessary. Well, I know, but I think, but that's where, you know, that's the whole genetic Floor. Is it Nature, nurture, Genetic flow, the gum and trauma pulls the trigger. and I have a ton of compassion for addicts. And at this point, that's all I have towards them. I really don't think there's a choice at all. Right, right, Right. And again, there's like, then there's responsibility after. Yeah. Are you engaged in the fight? Exactly. Ding ding, ding. But no, like, I think there is something physiologically happening that is not happening in my brain. Right. And so that's nothing for me to judge. Like I Can't, it's like when we talk about pedophilia. Yeah.


Pedophile. Well that's, I I'm not fighting in bur That way. I know. Thank God. Yeah. I, I I know that is how I feel. I'm just like, thank God. Right. Thank God I didn't get that. Yes. So, you know, whatever. Okay, we have like four minutes. Okay. Dave Batista is not vegan, but he added that someday he plans to go vegan or he says he plans to go vegan. Are You sure? I typically do an almond butter and a banana or a vegan gluten-free grilled cheese is my favorite. Go-to, but it says someday he plan. He says he's plans to go vegan. Oh, he lost 75 pounds. Yeah. 75 pounds.


He Is not saying that he Is vegan. Is vegan. I mean it seems like he's eating more vegan stuff, but he, he says, I eat fish eggs. Oh. yeah. Yeah. That's not vegan. No. Yeah. Well we don't really have time to go through most popular karaoke songs. Okay. But number one, actually it's not even most popular. Is it Girls? It's not even mo most popular. Which is annoying. It's hundreds a hundred greatest. Oh that's, yeah. That's someone's Opinion. It's not, yeah, it's an opinion. They're all opinions. It's not a metric. But let me number one on this list. This is billboard is, Let's go girls. Ding. Oh, is that your guess? Yeah, that's it.


No. Yeah. Oh, I feel so good. That's Cool. That was cool. I'll buy you a Fox mug for that. Oh, I want a bear. Fuck. Now you gotta get two bears. My God. Number two. I want it that way. Backstreet boys. Yeah, that sounds Right then. Right. I'll survive number three. Yep. Okay, cool. We won't keep going. Okay. Okay. Toad Medicine, toad Venom. Toad. Venom is a tra traditional Chinese medicine that has shown therapeutic CIE in clinical, mainly in China and has been widely used for the treatment of cancer. Cardiovascular diseases, pain and inflammation slash inflammatory disease.


Okay. Yeah. So Samuel, when Andre the Giant was 12. Yeah. And he had acromegaly so he couldn't take the school bus. I know. Well, especially when you take a fart on the school bus. Oh God. Can you imagine All the kids would be so Mean. How fucking weird that when he was in like fourth grade, he would come in the classroom and he was bigger than his teacher. I know. Oh my. He couldn't even ride his school Bus. Oh my God. That's So sad. I know. But Samuel Beckett, the playwright did drive him to school. What? Yeah, I don't know this part. Yeah, she said it and then I'm checking it that it's correct. And it is.


He played cards with his dad. So weird in France. And he said they mostly talked about cricket. Oh, okay. Yeah. Isn't that cute? I just saw a graph on Instagram yesterday and it was most money per capita by country. This is kind of fun. What do you think number one is? Wait, most money Per capita Number one is France, Switzerland. Oh, Huh. Yeah. Number two is the USA. Really? It's a powerful graph to look at because I think our number was virtually roughly like $586,000 of wealth per person in America.


And. we have a lot of fucking people. Yeah. Switzerland's got a very few people. Yeah. 15% of Switzerland's population is millionaires. Whoa. 15%. That's crazy. You go down the list and I was expecting the UK to be in the top five. Yeah. UK was in the teens below France and 300 like Yeah. Almost half of what Americans have. Well I think that's more indicative of a wealth disparity than it Is. That's definitely a part of it. Yeah. It's definitely part of it. But I was a little shocked that France had more than England. it was just kind. it was, there's some counterintuitive stuff in there.


Yeah. And there wasn't like the, I would've expected maybe Saudi Arabia to be number one. It wasn't. Yeah. Again, 'cause I think the, they have some very rich people and then a lot of very poor people. Like same with India. There's billionaires. Yeah. And then there's a ton of poor people. And same with The only thing. There's so few people like in Qatar. Yeah. There's so few people. Anyways, it was a fascinating list to look at. So I just Looked up countries. Most billionaires. Most billionaires. Yeah. The United States is number one. Yeah. We have 813 billionaires. But that's gross. I do wonder per capita. No, this is per capita. Oh, It's per capita. Oh wait. No, no, no, you're right. You're right. Yeah, you're right. We're 11 per capita.


11th. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. We just have so many people Who's number one per capita? Number one per capita is, I kind of want to guess. Okay. Guess Billionaires. It's I probably Saudi Arabia, Monaco. Oh duh. Of course tax free. But They have three. Yeah, but they've only got like 20 people. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. They have three. We have 813. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So we have technic, you know we have the most, China has 406, but their per capita is 53. India is 200 and their per capita is 58. Who's number two?


Okay. Number two is per capita. Per capita. I. don think Singapore would be up there. No. Oh my god. Lectin Stein. Oh sure. Banking. They have one. Okay. In a population of 60 people. Yeah. And then number three is St. Kits and Nevis. Oh. yeah. These are all like offshore. Yeah. They lived in Stein at Banh. They also have one. Yeah. Okay. But the fact that we are 11 per capita, which is pretty high. Yeah. Considering The game And, we have a big population. Yeah. We have like the fifth biggest population. And we have numerically the most is very interesting. Yeah. Anyway. Okay.


Well we have to go We. do we have to do armchair Anonymous? We don't have to. We're lucky enough to do armchair anonymous. Yesterday I would've said we have to today. I feel like we're lucky too. Wow. Alright. Well I love Catherine Hans. Oh my God. Fuck. Do I love her? Love her. Yeah. What a catch. She's the best. What a Catch. She's the best. Also, we were supposed to talk about Chimp. Crazy. We had been really, we had been pushing, pushing for until this, this episode. 'cause this, she introduced us, introduced us, and yet we are out of time. That's okay. And. we also have the fun dinner we went to. So we have lots of fodder, a lot of content coming and I'll, I'll let everybody know about the mugs. How fast. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Keep everyone posted. Love you. Okay. Love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


In a quiet suburb, a community is shattered by the death of beloved wife and mother. But this tragic loss of life quickly turns into something even darker. Her husband had tried to hire a hitman on the dark web to kill her, and she wasn't the only target because buried in the depths of the internet is the kill list. A cache of chilling documents, containing names, photos, addresses, and specific instructions for people's murders. This podcast is the true story of how I ended up in a race against time to warn those whose lives were in danger. And, it turns out convincing a total stranger someone wants them dead is not easy. Follow kill list on the Wander app or wherever you get your podcasts, you can listen to Kill List and more Exhibit C, true crime shows like Morbid early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus, check out exhibit C in the Wondery App for all your true crime listening.