
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple. Podcasts Or. you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan She, and I'm joined by Lily Padman Hi. there I'm Def Leppard. That was the thing that Catherine Hanh wanted me to say. Did people say No? I ended up listening to that episode. Oh, yeah. After the fact. Def Leopard. Okay, there We go. Yeah. Def Leppard today with a very musical name. Keegan Michael. Key Keegan. Michael Key. He is a genius. He is What a blessing. He is an award-winning actor, comedian, producer and writer.


Key Peele. Keanu Wonka Mad tv. mdo. Hmm. And his new movie that's out right now. Transformers won an origin story for the Transformers universe. We got to hear a lot about comedy in this episode, which was really fascinating, As you pointed out. Could have been an expert. Yes. Turns out he is an encyclopedia of the history of comedy. It's incredible. And we get to hear a lot about Key Peele, which is fun. Yes. Ugh. Great episode. Please enjoy Keegan Michael Key.


We are supported by Echo Kids. Echo. Kids is a cute, smart speaker for Alexa made just for kids. Echo Kids automatically filters explicit songs so kids are always ready for dance parties and singing, and parents can rest easy knowing everything is kid friendly. By using voice commands, children can interact with the devices without a parent's help fostering a sense of responsibility and independence. Alexa can help kids develop by establishing healthy morning and bedtime routines complete with reminders for tasks like brushing teeth, packing school bags, or going to bed on time. I need those asap. Kevin, Listen. Is his Echo dot before bed every night he puts on? He does. He'll ask to play fleet foxes or local natives and just listen to music all night. We have one of these in our house, and my family loves it. We've got the super cute little owl design. It's so sweet. Plus purchase of the device comes with one year of Amazon kids, plus a digital subscription designed for kids age three to 12. To safely learn and explore endless fun for kids. Peace of mind for parents. Shop the device now at amazon.com/ Echo.


Kids.


We are supported by Audible. We know you love audio content. Thanks for listening to the show. But if your ears are craving more audio, Audible is the place to go. I probably, in truth, spend more time on Audible than any other place. Any other app? Yeah. I'm listening every night for an hour before bed. There's more to imagine when you listen, whether you're searching for the latest, best sellers and new releases, or you want to catch up on a classic title, you can find it all in the Audible app. And as an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. What are You listening to now? Well, I'm just finishing the worlds I see by Fei FEI Lee. It's so good in moving and I love it so much. I'm, I'm sad it's ending. Now listen, new members can try Audible for free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash dax. Or text Dax to 500. 500.


He, Yes. I did stand up for you. Even though I am sore. She's very sore. You're Sore. Yeah. Apologies. Right? Errands. Tardiness. Oh, you're fine. We were coming. Oh, You are tardy now. I'm mad you, you Hadn't said I I wouldn't have made a difference Giving a shit. We were in here. What were we just talking about? We Were just chitchatting. We were talking about the business. The business. Oh, I was talking about the business. Monica, why are you sore? Because I started with a trainer on Tuesday.


Ah, that'll do it. Your first time with a trainer. Yes. And they're still learning you. That's right. So they're just gonna push as hard as they can the first time. Get in a baseline. Gotta get a baseline. You gotta get a baseline. Wabi. Will you turn Keegan down in mine and me up a tiny bit? There's a nice, okay. That is a nice, that's A very nice, you know, any Italian words I? know I Know. It is an Italian word. Okay. And I. Know and I know Wo means man. I. Know. Why I don. Which Is woman in English. Isn't that funny? I try to always see what all the, this is a weird thing to say. I just said always. Yeah, yeah. I always try to see what all of the similar words are in Latin languages.


That's something I always do. That's always, You're always doing that. That, So it's Omo, right? And Italian Om in French is that man in French. That sounds right. H-O-M-M-E. H-O-M-M-E. And then ombre right in Spanish Ombre. Bad ombre. And Then we have, man, it's a big departure. Isn't everything in our language? People go, you're so lucky to be an American. The luckiest thing about being American is that you learned this language first. This is the worst language. How so? It has so many roots. It has Latin roots. Oh, it has German roots. It has Saxon roots. It has French roots. It never ceases to amaze me that a person can move from Guang ju province and go, I'm gonna open a restaurant in Nebraska.


There's Chinese restaurants in Nebraska. How Couldn't Do it. No. Okay. Could not Open a burger joint in Guangxi Province. Okay. Now I'm gonna counter with a couple of things. First of all, I have my grievances about this language spelling. It makes zero sense. It's so annoying. That's The big One. That's my main issue now. But I'm gonna hit you with something that's interesting. Get me Dax. Two things. One, I've always been suspicious that Spanish was less efficient than English based on watching shows in Spanish. Seeing the English subtitle and thought, well, they talked for two minutes. Then we had this unique experience where they converted an episode of our show with AI into Spanish where we're speaking Spanish.


It's this full Spanish episode and it's, oh, really? Yes. It's incredible. That's amazing. But our hour and 45 minute long episode in Spanish was three hours and 20 minutes. Are You kidding Me? Yes. That's the factor. A straight transcription. Straight transcription. And then we were in India getting this demonstration about Microsoft's new AI thing, and they were explaining to us that it costs double as much to run AI in different languages. Because English is so efficient. It takes way less data. So It's easier to train the AI in this language. Yes. It's Cheaper. it was shocking. What else is shocking is that you hate this language. You talk about it all the time in a very pejorative, negative way.


Yeah. Because of your dyslexia. Yet here you are, because it's your team now. Now you're sticking up for your team. Hold on. I have a different take on it. Okay. Which as you know me, I just gotta go the opposite direction. Contrarian. So ke is like, this language sucks. I'm like, let me think of three things that are good about Be contrarian. I cannot argue the efficiency thing because you mentioned Spanish. Then I think about German. you know how they just add a word to another word to another word to another word. And they just make super long words. Yes. And then don don't know anything about Nordic language. But it doesn't look easy For me. You hear a couple of French lovers whispering to, that's the best. My god, that's the most MOUs beautiful thing.


Two lovers arguing over the dishwasher. And I'm getting so horny and emotional. And then when I hear a couple Swedes going at it, I'm like, woo. I Have no idea what they're saying. But they always sound like it's a shut hair. Ple. It sounds like a little bit of coughing to me. A lot of consonants. Lot of consonants. Consonant Heavy, But also breathy. They sound like they just finished a rigorous walk. Yeah. Oh my God. We just cracked the most amazing thing. They hate small talk And. it just occurred to me it's 'cause it's too laborious. Oh, Good point. Yes. It's not that they're fucking above trivialities. Exactly. Yeah. It's just, I don't let them wanna move my mouth. I don't want my mandibles to be stored.


My ma story, my Ma talk. Ah. We're cooking now. Mastoid. That's that Milford education right there. That's what that is. Ding, ding, ding. I didn't learn a goddamn Thing in Milford. It might surprise you to learn. Really? No, I learned how to like suss out who I should run from and who I should fight. You see, I just slipped that in there. I just thought to myself, how soon do I get to the Michigan stuff? I'm Glad you did it fast. Also. Do you play spades by chance? I Play spades, but I play more yure than spades Re's. A quality game. Quality Game. Do you, you know, Monica, this game. If you spend any time with him and Kristen, you've gotta know this game. That's right. Where are you from? I'm from Georgia. Then they taught you, because nobody in Georgia plays ure.


Never heard of it. Yeah. Until they taught me Spades. Heavy country. I Didn't grow up on spades. But we have a friend who loves spades and he taught us, and now we're like full spades crazy. Spades, crazy. Anyways, In spades. The Joker highs the thing. So Milford for you was like you were sitting on the joker high. I get it. When am I gonna play Milford? When in this conversation is our big cat gonna come up? So I can just slip a panther situation in there, which was a ruse, Right? You wanna hear something fucking insane? I actually have the inside scoop on this. Do you really? Which is gonna blow your mind? And if I were you, I wouldn't trust me, but I'll tell you regardless. Okay. And, we gotta bring Monica up to speed. You're a couple years older than me. So you probably really were aware of its news coverage. Yes. I was watching down the news.


I'm from Detroit. I'm from the actual city. So Milford's different. A world of difference between my urban experience in his rural experience. Yes. And. we had an inordinate amount of serial killers there. We were on the news for serial killers, and then we were on the news a bunch that there was a panther loose in Milford. The Milford panther, The Milford panther. People even made shirts, And. it would pop up in the news occasionally. Right. It was almost as if the newscaster said, and if we've forgotten the Milford panther is still on the prol. Okay. it was like a on mort crib. Or another thing would happen in Milford that defied explanation. And the most logical thing was that there must be a panther. The panther is evolved. Dog died of old age. Right. The fucking panther was The panther ravaged him.


Was this an escaped panther from the zoo? A very good question. Do you have any insight on that tax? 'cause I don't understand why would there be? It's not indigenous to that part of the country. Not that I know Of. No, even North America. But Mizz was in Royal Oak Too far away. For a panther to make it to Milford, it would've stopped and eaten things long before, Way before it got to Milford. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So this is gonna blow your mind. I'm not gonna give the people's names away 'cause God knows what the liability Is. Oh, sure. No, I gotcha. So the original reason it was believed that we had a panther is that a horse was killed and was killed by the neck and they saw the animal get away. it was a large black animal. So I developed a friendship with this kid who, by the way, went to St. Mary's. He was a rich kid, but he lived on the outskirts of my town in a very big house on a lot of property.


And I came to know him in high school, And. we were drunk one time. They had this black great Dane and he goes, our dog killed that horse. He Had the smoking dog, the Dog. The dog came home and was covered in blood. They had no fucking clue what happened. They thought it fought another dog. Any number of things could have happened. Yes. They were like, we gotta go to the vet. It's totally fine. They're like, oh my God. It must have fought something. And then on the news, promptly thereafter, that horse lived like in their neighborhood. Okay. it was their dog was the Black Panther. Their dog Was the panther. Yes. it was a great Dane. Any Michigander listening to this podcast, this is huge right now, is gonna drop whatever they're holding. This is a big Michigan.


I also want to mention the vantage point of where I'm sitting is thoroughly ironic because you are sitting in front of a painting of a great D. Oh my God. You're right. My what if I told five more stories? Every story Involves a great Date. This dude's just obsessed with Great Dane. That's so Fun. And did you see the dog with your own eyes? Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. it was older at that point. They don't live very long. They don't Because they're too big. Their hearts turn. They'd say, Yeah, I know. I never noticed that. Say. And he rolls on his back at the Great Pyrenees in the St. Bernards of our day. Their hearts turn. Yes. But back to poetic. That's also what happens. The horses, their intestines turn. Ugh. Yes. You heard that? I have heard that. Yeah. They're lying down. They pop up And. it Goes inside their body Like a Ballin.


And. it Closes off the whatever room They bile. Wow. Maybe that was happening to the horse. Maybe He put a the horse out. Misery Put the horse out of his misery. He's Like, I see you. This Happens. I'm with to story too. Wow. Isn't that fucking is true crime? It is true crime. I can't believe you just revealed that to Me. I know. I've never said it in public. Did you tell friends? Of course. Weekly nos. it was their dog. Oh, my best friend. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I've never said it in public. Oh man. Okay. So let's start at the very beginning. You were born in Southfield. I was born in Southfield. Now Monica, again, a lot of context in this podcast. Podcast today. I love this suburb of Detroit. I don't know who did my Wikipedia page guarantee. There're from Southfield. Because if I had had anything to do with my Wikipedia page, I would just would've said Detroit native.


There's some pride to be had. Yeah. It's not that southfields a bad place, it's just that I grew up in the city and very often you come across people who say, I'm from Detroit. And I'll go, but where are you from? Exactly. But I'm from Detroit. And Sam is as well. I just interviewed Sam Richardson. Sam is From the city. Boston Medicine. I'm sure it's the same. I'm from Atlanta, but are you from Atlanta? I know. No. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're not. Yeah. Nope. And I'm guilty of this. Although I did live downtown. No, you Lived in the city. Yep. Yeah. And Sam lived in the city. And Tim Robinson Clarkson. That makes a lot of sense because that's hillbilly paradise. He's gonna listen to this and go, you know, I'm not from fucking Clarkston. Well, he should come on and tell us himself. Correct us. Exactly. Well done gauntlet thrown. But born in Southfield, raised in the city.


And when I was a little boy, I lived behind U of D, the University of Detroit. Small liberal arts corridor, north of the Cas corridor off of Wyoming. But for context, we must say Cas corridor was the area of Detroit that always overindexed out of any borough anywhere in the country for murders. So For a decade, when Detroit was the murder capital of the globe, the whole world. So people would say in 1983, you were safer walking down the streets of Beirut, Lebanon. Wow. And they always Said, Beirut, It was the eighties. it was, it's Beirut. That's the most dangerous place. And cast corridor was the epicenter. So the most concentrated place where those kind of crimes took place. Wow. Where the ca corridor, now the cast corridor is filled with coffee shops and antique shops.


Shinola watches is there. There. Oh my God. Do you know Willis Street? 4 0 4. Will I know Willis? Okay. So I used to go to punk shows all the time at 4 0 4. Willis at the Nay Dear of that. Like when every couple hours People just dropping like flies in front of the club. So I used to go to 4 0 4 Willis all the time. And I drove by there recently. And I was like, that cannot be 4 0 4 4. Right, right. Or the old Miami. I would take my children here. It's completely turned around. It's That's awesome. Unbelievable. Yeah, it's amazing. Why do Detroiters, I'm asking both of you. don don't know This. Oh, he's the only real Detroiter. But go ahead. Okay. Thank You for saying that, and I don't know if this is true, but I'm gaining this information. Why do you guys love talking about the names of streets and the names of geographical things so much?


For me personally, 'cause I'm a bit of a history nut. Detroit's Old City was founded in 1701 Fort Michel. Mackinac was a little fort there. And I like talking about the streets because a good deal of the hub of Detroit downtown, it's not a grid. It's like Boston. It's an old city that has streets that kind of go through streets. Oh yeah. And go in circles and streets where things just stop because they put a building here where there used to be a cable car or a street car track. It's a city built on a phenomenon or an industry. And then a new industry slapped up on top of that. And another one slapped up on top of that. And also because we identify, I think everybody does this, but you identify neighborhoods by certain streets.


So when he says Willis I know right where he is talking about I know. But it's so funny to me because they go, if we have Atlanta people on or suburbs up, I'm never saying Rogers Bridge and Petri Industrial, but Dax does do this all the time with people from Michigan. From Michigan, Yeah. And it's Interesting, and I'm gonna add into it, and I don't think it's terribly unique in this way, but the little pockets were quite distinct. They were distinct. So it's like if I say ham tram, that doesn't mean anything to the rest of Detroit. It's all white Polish people in a city that's 92% black. That needs to be separated out from what we're talking about. Not to mention the fact that Hamtramck is an actual enclave and you don't see enclaves anymore. I mean enclave in the traditional sense that it is a municipality that is surrounded on four sides by another municipality.


Yeah. Tram has its own fire department, its own police department, its own mayor, its own Chamber of Commerce. But it's Kinda like Beverly Hills. It's like Beverly Hills. Yeah. It's surrounded by Detroit. And you're right. And for it to be that kind of community, completely white. Now there's lots of people from the Balkans there and there's lots of people from East Africa there. Oh, no kidding. So It's changed. So it's changed. When I was a kid, it was straight up Polish. We called it Pole Town. Wow. Yeah. You couldn't even be another version of white and be safe. You Had to be Polish. You had to be Polish. Yeah. Yes. The fascination with the streets, they're like boroughs like New York where they're very distinct pockets and distinct areas. So Boston Edison, where Sam grew up, there are beautiful old houses that were built by the auto barons, The most elaborate mansions of the day Across the country.


And then They're in this totally burnt out, destroyed, or at least in the nineties when I was living there. Yeah. So it's very unique to see these mansions on these streets in the middle of all this other stuff. Yeah. In the midst of all this kind of blight. And then all of a sudden you turn down a street off of Woodward Avenue in the Boston Edison area and you're going, what are these? Wow. It's like a movie. You turn a corner and you're in Labyrinth. And then additionally you gotta add, so the people that went down to Detroit in the nineties, they went to Greek Town, they went to Joe Louis Arena, they went to Lafayette, Coney Island, and that's it. And they go to the Fox Theater. And then you got out as fast as you could. Yeah. And you went in a caravan. Yeah. To keep caravan. Right. And I used to work downtown at the Second City, the building across from the Fox.


it was interesting at Second City, because we had a different experience. A lot of Detroiters ended up going to Chicago to work at the Second City. it was not a parallel move. it was definitely a promotion. Because if you got to go to Chicago, you knew that at some point in time, Lorne or some of his producers were gonna come and scout. So when we were in Detroit, the advantage we had was because there was no tourist base, we'd have to write three or four shows a year because the same people came to see the shows. Oh, interesting. Whereas in Chicago, you're always gonna have the group spot out or group is coming from India. Yes. This is what you do in Chicago. you know, if you had business people coming from other countries. Let's go to the comedy show at the Second City. This is where John Belushi used to work and everybody would do that.


So they only did one to two shows a year. Yeah. Ah. We got the experience of writing a show all the time and coming up with new material. And it was a really great training ground by the necessity of the fact that we had a lack of a tourist department. Of course, I envied it when I was in the Sunday company. But I have a tremendous amount of gratitude now that like we did a new show every Sunday and I was like, oh, the main company gets to do their show for like three months. And I was jealous of it, but now in retrospect, I'm like, no. I wrote hundreds of sketches in a year. Yeah. I think that's great. Okay, we Got derailed. So you're in the murder capital. So eight Mile in Woodward. Oh, okay. Is where I grew up. Everybody sort of eight miles. That's right. Okay. Yeah. So I grew up a block south of eight Mile. So Ferndale was the first North suburb. Yeah, You're right. By softball city.


Softball city. In that weird motorcycle. Gang clubhouse, the Renegades. It's Either the Vandals or the Renegades And Monica, they had a full motorcycle mounted to the outside of their clubhouse. Oh, their club. Yeah. Very memorable. I Grew up across from the Michigan State fairgrounds at home at night, in bed. I could hear the concerts. So it'd be Bob Seger, Ted Nugent. Yeah. Ted Nugent. Oh boy. Uncle Teddy. Wow. I remember one year at the state fairgrounds, Hulk Hogan and Don the Rock Morocco. Oh baby. Oh, and the Iron Chic. No, Dax. Oh my God. And I stood in front of the gate for five hours with my little neighbor. His mom said, y'all gonna go to the wrestling?


To the wrestling, bro. Take Damon. I'm like, okay, Mrs. Sharp. But I think that it's gonna be eight hours in the sun. He, he, all right, y'all need to come back, get some water. Comes get, get some water. I was like, okay. But you couldn't come back because you'd lose your spot. Yes, exactly. And. we stood there for five hours. And, we paid three 50 or $5 or whatever it was, and saw it down the Rock. Morocco and Hulk Hogan. Brussel. That's pre WrestleMania Silver Dome 80. Yes. This would've been 82. And I think West Romania was 85. I just see your eyes lit. I was like Don the Rock, Morocco. Holy fuck. But the iron chic too. don don't know if you can have that character anymore. I, I don't think you Can. I'm not sure. Yeah, you can't.


No. Just like, The great thing about those eighties stereotypes is they were so thin there. Total lack of awareness of even what they were parroting. They didn't even know what they were parroting. And so I grew up right there. I grew up on a street called Woodstock Drive. It's the first block south of Eight Mile Road. And there was a field, very strange that this would be in this town, but there was a field, there were no homes on it at the end of our block. So we'd play football and we'd play soccer and we'd play baseball in the field. He had a good conscientious neighbor who'd take his lawnmower. He'd lived three blocks away and he'd walk it down and and mow the field. Wow. I still think this, when I go home, my friend Aaron now lives in Beverly Hills.


Yeah. By Pleasant Ridge. And I drive through his really expansive subdivision and the meticulous nature of how people keep their yards. And 70% of the people are out there actively doing it. 'cause it requires, it's like hours a day to get it as good. I kind of love that. I loved doing that when I was a kid. Like with the hedge clippers. Just get that one little edge when you couldn't Get the edge. And if there was a neighbor on your street that didn't mow their lawns, the whole neighborhood hated their guts. Absolutely. My mom, you, you wanna look like the righton. That was like, you couldn't look like the rightness. Be like, oh No, lemme get out there right now. Yeah, I'm on it. Gimme the edger. Gimme the weed. Whacker. Not the rightness. Are you kidding me? So did you live in that house your whole childhood?


Yeah, we lived off the 10. Oh my God, I can't believe I just said the 10. The lodge. The lodge. I just said the 10 because of somebody in my life who lived out here for a long time and then moved to Detroit and said it by the numbers as opposed to the names. Whoa. There's D types of Detroiters. Okay, Let's Hear it. There's two different things. Older people would say. That's the Fisher Freeway. But Dax, and I would say that's 94. But then the interesting thing is there are other people in Detroit who will say, so I took the 94 and then there's a Ruther, which is the 96. But You would always say I'm taking 96. But Nobody took the Fisher, which is the 75. Everybody takes the 75. No one ever called it the Fisher Freeway. No, no, No, no. No one ever called it the Fisher called it 75. You called it 75.


So we also do that with the names of our roadway. What is it in Georgia? It's the perimeter. But we have A 75 and an 85. You have same 75. And you don't say the though, correct? I don't. I That's a California thing. 85. It's a California thing. The 10. The 1 0 1. What's the perimeter? 2 75. 2 75. I just want to air this grievance. Yes. You're coming south and you know you wanna avoid Atlanta. 'cause it's gonna be Russia. Or you're driving to Florida from Michigan. Michigan. Do I go east or west on this loop? Yeah. It's a big old circle. Circle. It's big crap. Shoot. We call it Spaghetti Junction. Oh, you do Spaghetti junction? Yeah. Oh, that's a good name. That's a clever Name. Does anyone do Californian's move there and call it the spaghetti Junction? Well done. Okay. So you lived there the whole time. What's interesting as you and Kristen went to the same school, Same high school, And, we had the same, I'm saying drama teacher, just so everybody understands it.


We didn't have a drama department. We had the choir and then we had the Elite Choir, which were called the Goal Yards. Oh. Oh. I. don know if Kristen was in Goal Yards. I've Never heard Goldard. You never heard of Shocking. And what the fuck is a Goldard? Exactly. Because our high school mascot were the Knights. I think a Goldard must be like the English version of a Troubador. I'm totally pulling this outta my ass. I like it. Well, I have no idea if it's true, but I'm going with that because we were called the Knights. It sounds like a pejorative for a bad goalie. We'll fact check it. We have an actual fact check out Any episode like Debates. So I, I went to this high school. Kristen and I both had a teacher. Her name was Mary Rashid. And she was really instrumental in getting me into the program.


My parents divorced. We had a family therapist. And the family therapist said, I think this young man should go into the arts. I think that would be a good way for him to express himself. When the therapist found out what high school I was going to, he said, the woman who runs the choir program in the music program at that high school is a friend of mine. Oh wow. I will let her know that he's coming. And I'm freshman little string bean of a kid with a big bushy hair, if you can believe it, walking down the hall. And she came out of her room and saw my face, I guess from his description of me. And she just grabbed my arm and she said, you're taking Michael Key. Right? We're getting you involved. Aw. And. that first year, the musical was called Just for Openers. And the whole program was simply the opening number from musical.


Oh. From Famous Musical. Oh, that's fun. That Wasn't the show. I ran the follow spot. And then she left our high school my junior year. So she left my high school and went to Groves in Birmingham to go teach There. Chased the money. She Chased the money. Oh, it's a Fancy, it's nice. Groves is fancy. Yeah. Yeah. And then I don't wanna cast aspersions on Groves. But she came back to try. By the way, if you can't shit on the Rich Kid School, what the fuck can we Shit out? I guess I'm punching up right up Punching Grove. Fuck Cranbrook. My sister Wonder. Fuck all those Bitch you sister go to Cranbrook. She did. Yeah. I love how patient you are being because this podcast has been so insular so far. And you're showing like genuine interest. I'm, you're gonna see a look come over her face when we mention Cedar Point.


You'll never, I was holding her Hoping maybe we could skip It. Can I just tell you it'll be the second time I talked about Cedar Point at Oh. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. you know what's incredible, Monica is can't, you're still not intrigued. No, I like, that's the Incredible, I'm getting further and further away. Away from intrigued. Yes. The door is closing on Cedar Park. Yeah, anyone? It's in a three state area that we have as a guest. There's at least 25 minutes on it. And Sam is here Point. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Cedar. But we're gonna skip over from Monica here. We're go to Cedar Point, but we'll sidebar. I'm gonna say one thing about Cedar Pad. You have to, it's just one Single thing. Okay. You have to, you Understand that Cedar Point is actually, and you can fact check it.


It's like the second best amusement park on earth. Which one's better? There's some Amusement park apparently that's in, that's the best of which makes sense. Sure. But Cedar Point is top five in the world. Anyway, I'm done. Do you know it's been purchased by six, flex Cedar Point's been purchased by Six Flex. Isn't that a bummer? Oh, I hate every second of that. Yes. Yeah. Some people, me would say that Six Flags must in fact be the second best. I don't even wanna talk. That's just, you know, let's move On my parade. Yeah. It's not Great news. That's good weapon. Monica Weaponize that fact. If you wanna shut people down on the Cedar Point stuff, You and I should do like a 20 part history channel.


Oh My God. Every year of Cedar Point's existence. Welcome to Sandusky, Ohio. Where dreams come true. Oh fuck, wowy. I am dying to know who started it. How do you pick Sandusky? I guest Lake Erie. But there's other lakes that are more picturesque And maybe closer to Cleveland. That would be three episodes. I would be fascinated. Monica could just produce it. She just have the V. Yeah. I'm here in spirit. And your title card as a producer would be like a middle finger or something. You'd have to express your absolute hatred for this project you produce. Exactly. Okay. So back to Shrine. She went to Groves And then Mary came back to Shrine. And then Kristen had her as a Teacher. Oh. So Keegan without this intervention, with the therapist and then her, did you have any aspirations?


I Think I did and didn't know it. And lemme see if I can articulate that, because television was the window of the world to me. I loved to read, but I loved television. And I used to watch Marlon Perkins Wild Kingdom with my dad when I was a little kid sponsored by the Mutual of Omaha. Yes. And remember that? Yes. And Marlon Perkins, wild Kingdom Mutual of Omaha, they bought the whole thing And it was mutual. And so I remember I used to love watching like the guys in the helicopters with the big kind of plexiglass bubble. One guy would lean outta the side and Dar a polar bear. Yeah. And then they'd tag them so they could keep track of them. And I thought, God, that would be a great job. And I remember watching specials about people in Greenpeace going between whaling boats and the whales. And I loved animals. So I thought I was gonna be a vet. When we'd go to sessions, like for family therapy, what would happen was I would act out the trailers to movies.


Oh. That I wanted to see. Oh. And I think that's what he keyed in On. Pun intended. I'm like Empire Strike Back. I do the, then the Ada. And then he flew around and the machine went around the legs and then fell down and he blew up. He would just sit there and listen very intently to my stories. But I would act them out. So this Was eighth grade. Were you already watching SART Live and doing the bits? Like remember Martin Short when we were a kid and he had the triangle and the hair, and I would put my hair up. Like his Ed Grimley? Yes. Like Ed Grimley. Yes. 84 is when I actually started watching it at night. 'cause my dad loved Eddie Murphy. He loved Eddie Murphy because he loved Stevie Wonder. It's funny, what we're talking about right now is in me and my wife L's book Did a history of sketch comedy.


Yeah. History of s Sketch comedy. So a lot of the book, what El did is she framed it out that the thread that you hang everything on in the book is kind of my story. And then the stories of the history. And the Greeks did this, and the Romans did that, and medieval people did this 'cause she's brilliant. So we just linked it all together. But my dad loved Stevie Wonder and because Eddie Murphy did a Stevie Wonder impression. Oh wow. He wanted to go see him in concert. He just thought he was the greatest. And he'd let us stay up and watch SNL those years. 84 to 86. Right. When Julia Louie Dreyfus was still there, and Gary Kroger and Piscopo and Brad Hall and those guys. Yeah. Moving into that last Dick Ebersol year, which was Billy Crystal, Martin Short Harry Shear and Christopher Guest.


Wow. And they told Christopher Guest, would you like to be on the show? And he said, if I come on the show and I'm in the capacity of one of the head writers of the show, you've gotta let me do what I want and pick who I want. And then Chris got to do weekend update. Because There's some weird story too about Billy Crystal too. Right. He didn't want to do it. He Loved hosting it. He had hosted it a few times and then he came on to do it. And at that time on the show, what's interesting is they would rotate the news hosts and Billy would host the news as Fernando Llamas. I didn't know that. Fernando Llamas when I was younger or even three months ago. Yeah, yeah. Was a real person. I'm learning that now. Not only was he a real person, he's Lorenzo Llama's father.


Okay. Do you know Lorenzo Llama? Don Don't. He was a big sex symbol up sex Symbol actually starting in the eighties. Oh, maybe he had a show where he rode a motorcycle, I think. Renegade. Yeah. Renegade. Oh, Renegade Motorcycle. Renegade. Eight Miles Renegade mc Bingo. Brought it back around. Holy Fuck. Ding ding, ding. We were at Shrine. So you were watching. I was watching Y. And you were intrigued. Did you know you could already do voices and impersonations? Yes. I could do that. And I could make my friends laugh and they would make me, we were all just doing Eddie Murphy. Yes. It's all about memorizing what you could from Saturday Night Live, then going to school the next day. And whoever could repeat the most of the sketch was a king. Was The king. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Quince. It's been a busy season of events in travel. We were just in New York filming a bunch of press for the show. And you know, we wanted to make sure our clothes were looking good. Always, always. And that's why I'm thrilled we're partnering with Quince. Quince has all the seasonal must haves like cashmere sweaters. I love ding ding, ding. European linen shirts. All priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands. And that's because they partner directly with top factories. So they cut out the cost of the middlemen and pass on. The savings to us. Also fall's a good time to replen your wardrobe. You're moving into a new season. Yeah. I've got a very sexy cashmere sweater from them. Yeah. I love. And it's just coming up on sweater weather. Get those sweaters. Another Cool thing about Quince, they only partner with factories that use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices, which is pretty great. Upgrade your wardrobe with pieces made to last with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's QUIN c.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


We are supported by skims. I love skims. There's no finer, softer fabric in the world than the skim stuff. You guys have heard us talk about how much we love skims. Monica, what is it that you love the most? I really am obsessed with skims all their clothing, but especially their brass. It's really, really hard to find a good underwire bra. 'cause normally you wanna just like rip that, right? Like it cuts into your skin. Yeah. I always hear people complain. It's itchy and you wanna rip it Off. Exactly. Yeah. But Skims has incredible bras. Pretty much wearing one every day. Specifically the fits everybody. T-shirt. Bra is my absolute favorite. So if you are in need for a new bra, go for the fits everybody. T-shirt, bra Shop skims bras@skims.com. Now available in 62 sizes, 38 to 46 H. If you haven't yet, be sure to let them know we sent you after you place your order select podcast in the survey and select our show in the dropdown menu that follows. That helps us enormously.


We are supported by BetterHelp. Spooky season has officially begun And. we love it. It's Happening already. Planning the hayride. You are adding a hamburger truck to the mix this year. Oh my gosh. Exciting. Gotta every year get bigger and better. Oh, I really gotta plan my costume. Get on it. Okay. Halloween lets us have fun with what scares us. But what about those fears that don't involve zombies? And ghosts Therapy is a great tool for facing your fears and finding ways to overcome them. Because sometimes the scariest thing is not facing our fears in the first place and holding ourselves back. I had therapy last week and she's just so good. She really put something into perspective in a way that I was really unable. I would've never been able to see it that way. You wouldn't come do it on own on my own. No, never. If you're thinking of starting therapy, try BetterHelp. It's all online. So you can have a therapy session from the comfort of your home at a time that's convenient for you. It's quick and easy to get started. And if your therapist isn't the right match for you, you can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Overcome your fears with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/dax.


Anything my dad liked, I liked. So I became a huge Peter Sellers fan. My dad loved the Pink Panther movies because Of the panther in Detroit. Because Of the Milford panther. Right, right, right. I also had a best of SNL cassette and I would listen and memorize. There was this song that the girls sang. Chevy had hurt himself or he wasn't on the show. Chevy Chevy. Whenever you fall down each Saturday night on my tv. Oh my Chevy. Every time you take that fall, I wish that you were falling. Falling for me. Oh, Lorraine Groundling.


You are A historian. This is blowing my mind. This is incredibly, yeah, this is a masterclass. They sang that song that's on the cassette. It's good 'cause a bunch of sketches where the writing was very strong. You didn't need the visual. But then there were other sketches where you could have used the visual. Okay. And I still put them on the cassette. Yeah. it was all first three, four seasons. Did they put a Mr. Bill commercial On it? Not in that cassette. One of the physical bits that they put on anyway was Belushi talking about March goes out like a line and April comes in like a lamb. And then he did this whole bit about why not March going out like a gazelle and in like an aard bark until he get so frustrated that you hear him go duck and he falls over. You hear him, but you can't see it. And. then I couldn't wait to see it on a VHS.


Best of tape later in my life. The blow was not there. There was no punchline or button for it. Yeah. it was weird that they would put that You lived with the setup for years. For Years and years and never got to see it. 'cause I was too young when it actually aired. Okay. So once you start with her at Shrine, clearly you go major in theater at Detroit Mercy. Yeah. So when do we go like, oh no, we're all in it. So the flip happened at Shrine, you're a freak. Right? And then you find your tribe. I think that happens to every theater person. Are you a theater person, Monica? I Majored in theater in college. Okay. you know how this is, everybody finds their tribe Double major Marketing as well, just in case. Well pr, but Oh pr. I always say marketing. Marketing Pr. I just wanna Make that Clear. That's a little two different things.


Only Monica I to No one in the real world. Thank. You. Straighten that Out. So I decided probably when I was a sophomore, they did Jesus an amazing technical dream coat. And I played one of the brothers. I played Dan and I played the baker and two guys that are in prison. And they tell Joseph their dream and he interprets their dreams. And I sing that song and I found all these people who I thought were so loving and warm and attentive and saw things the way I saw things. Then I realized math not my favorite subject. It requires a lot of it to be a veterinarian. Oh, So. yeah. Yeah, Sure. Yeah. And so that started softening me a little bit. And then when I was a junior, I was cast as Jesus and Godspell.


I remember doing it the opening night and the next night and I went, oh no, no, no, no. That's for the birds. I'm doing this whatever This fuck animals. Fuck that. Fuck It. Fuck Animal medicine. Yeah, I'm doing this. They'll be fine. There's a Bunch of other animal medicine people that can handle that. This is it for me. I'm Jesus. Yeah. But I miss the point. I'm gonna be a savior. I'm gonna be a Messiah. I wanna be the, this is my Comedy. Second coming of the Yeah, that was when the clique happened. Okay. And I'm guessing not comedy at first because you're just doing what you did And, it works and you're like, oh yeah, right. Theater I think like everybody did. Unless you live in Chicago, you don't know there's comedy school also. There wasn't a second city yet in Detroit.


No, 93. I was scared to death of doing standup. I didn't want to be a standup. Even though I loved Same thing with you, right? Well I was like, I have to be a standup and I'm too afraid to do it. Me too. What would the other avenue be to get into comedy? You just go to theater school. I could have gone to like Mark Ridley's Comedy Castle. I drove by it a million times. I parked in front of it, I stared at it. I'm like, am I gonna walk in there? Me too. It's too scared. And there was another club in W dot or Lavonia and I could have gone there. Are they a clown Schools? No, they would teach you Stand. It's where touring, by the way, I didn't even know they would teach you. I probably would've entered a class, but I was like, I'm gonna do an open mic night. But I couldn't do it. But that's where the touring comedians that would come to Detroit. So if You were gonna go to a top shelf comedy club, you'd go to Mark Ridleys. Oh, okay. So anyway, I didn't know what to do or how to go about that.


But I did love. My aunts were very colorful women and kind of roughnecks. They babysit me or watch me when I was like 12 or 13. They're like, what movie do you wanna watch? And I'm like, I wanna watch Taxi Driver. Yeah. And so they'd let me watch Taxi Driver and then Bob De Niro is my hero. So I was like, I like that too. I'll be Jesus. I'll be Robert De Niro. Niro. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Or this guy Marlon Brando. Yeah. This other guy. Guy. Eddie Murphy or Eddie Murphy. Yeah. So you just went to college and I said, I'm gonna major. And I remember being in like a seminar class in the beginning of the year and a lot of people did not know what their major was gonna be. They're like, I just know I got the money. And my parents were like, you gotta go to college. I was one of the few people I knew exactly what I wanted to do.


Where did Kristen go to college? NYU. And she knew since six she was putting herself on VHS tapes redoing the Lee Press on Nails commercials. Really? Oh yeah. She has tapes of her. She can say it so fast. We've had her do it on here. She can do the whole Lee Press on nail commercial like as fast as can humanly be done. She was doing that by herself. She was Also in singing lessons when she was little Trained up radically. So she just knew she was gonna be a performer. I performed and my mom even encouraged me. But that's not a job. Right. you know what I mean? Exactly. My parents were social workers. There's no connection to it. And so I went to school and had a very unique experience there because unlike Wayne State, so Wayne State was our city university in the aforementioned corridor.


The University of Detroit Mercy was a small, private liberal arts Catholic Jesuit school. I had gone to a Catholic grade school, Catholic high school at a Catholic college And played Jesus along The way and played Jesus along the way. You got on a big dose of it. I Didn't think anything was different until I met people from Wayne State. You go to college, Monica, you said, okay, I'm gonna go into performance or I'll study performance. And then other kids did technical stuff. Exactly. And other kids got into stage management. We didn't have any of that at U of D. We ran the program. So we went to classes. But then I was a theatrical lighting electrician. I hung the lights, hung the wires focused the lights for the technical director. Did a little bit of construction. I was horrible at that. So that's why I stuck with the lights.


And then if you auditioned and happened to be cast, it was great. The best thing about the University of Detroit was just called the theater company, was that we often auditioned grownups and people that were right for a role. At Wayne State, you're 19 and you're gonna play the 78-year-old grandpa. Of course. But at U of D, we hired a 78-year-old grandpa. Oh. Because it was a very small theater town. The theater company was treated as a regular theater And. it happened to be connected to the University of Detroit. So if you came to see a play, you needed to see like a high quality play. So adults needed to play adults. That makes competition hard.


Very, Very hard. And so you got used to how this business works. There's another interesting ding ding ding really quick is just the second enormous venue I was at nonstop was the Grounds Grounds Coffee House. That was the punk mecca in the nineties was The Grounds. Was it really? Yeah. UD We would go to shows every weekend when Grounds opened in 91 or 92. So I started school in 89. I graduated in 93. I performed at Grounds. I was in a rock cover band. You were there in 93 and that's when I was going on stuff. We Absolutely have to have been there at the same time when those punk bands Yes. Would come and perform in the venue. Yeah. Almost every weekend. That's like Triple Dig. It is. It's That's amazing.


Yeah. And this is why I wish there's just like video of everything ever. And you could go back and you could find it. Did you see there was a video that just surfaced of Justin Bieber meeting? Steven Baldwin, the Actor. Yes. He was just becoming Justin Bieber. So he is young and Steven's like, Hey, you know, nice to meet you. This is my daughter. And it's Haley. It's his current Wife. It's his wife. It's literally his wife. Yes. Oh. And there's video of it, Of him introducing His daughter. They're like eight. Wait a minute. His wife is Steven Baldwin's daughter. Daughter. Hailey Bieber. Yes. Is Steven Baldwin's daughter. Oh wow. And you see her as a little girl. It's like, Hey. And they don't give a fuck. He Does not Care.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And now they're married. Yes. Isn't that Cool? Yes. I agree with you Monica, that I wish that we had more tapes. When you see Timothy Chalamet rapping at LaGuardia. Oh My God. I know. It's The greatest thing that ever happened. Yeah. Because it shows you the essence of who he is. Still now to this day. Could you imagine? You and I were banging heads. Yes, yes, Yes. It is. At U of D that I started improvising. I started improvising at grounds. There was a guy who was a part of the touring company for Second City. He was an understudy to the touring company. I didn't know what any of this meant. I remember his name was Ed. He and I were in the same fraternity. But before that, he wanted to put together an improv group. And he did a couple of improv shows and people were really impressed with him. He was very good that nobody knew of Improv back then.


Yeah. There was no, whose line is it anyway, didn't even know what it was. He didn't get into the touring company. So he came back home to Detroit and he went to school and he started this improv troupe And. we perform at grounds short form stuff, games. That was where the taste came from. And it's also at the same time that In Living Color came out. Mm. Oh. So we had that influence. And how were we writing? So we had SNL. But this new thing I Loved in Living Color. Oh God. In Living Color. Jordan Peele always says that the best thing about In Living Color was how mischievous it was. I think it's a great way of describing it. Yeah. Is mischievous 'cause it's like a lot of winking at like we're being really naughty. Yeah. They were nasty and they weren't supposed to be there.


And all of it was great. A hundred percent. And the Fly Girls, what this is Fly? Yeah. Like what is this? And yeah, they had enough elegance. Again, it was punk rock adjacent. it Was punk rock adjacent. Yeah. It was like, oh, this is not SNL and SNL's already punk rock. Exactly. it was an accomplishment to out punk Rock. To out punk rock. S nl. Yeah. Yeah. You thought you might see something that they would've regretted airing. There was a danger to it. I heard Todd Phillips in an interview, say at one point that he thinks all great comedy, the underbelly is danger. And for me, he's my favorite comedy director and it's very apparent in his stuff. Well, He and Peel is a hundred percent that. I think what made us dangerous was it's dark underbelly in Living Color had something very much in common with Mad tv.


It's nasty in that it's a little catty. Well, mad TV was a little bit more tabloidy. We Wanted to roast famous people. Li whereas in Living Color would say, here's something nobody's talking about and we're going to just go right into it. Yeah. When you're watching it, you're like, there might be blowback from this. Which is a fun feeling. Yes. They're gonna get in trouble for that sketch. Yeah. I, did you feel that we did that on Key Peele In the best way? it was calling out truths that needed to be told in the absolute funniest way possible. I would say you guys are opposite of in living color because I think in Living Color was in your face and it was dangerous on the surface. But then it was pretty traditional at the core of it. And I think your shit was like really happy and nice and approachable and friendly.


And then the subtext was like some real shit. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's what you're saying, right? Yeah. That's What I'm saying. Completely different package. Like A reverse. it was like, oh, these guys are friendly and nice and I trust 'em. Wait, what are they actually pointing out? Oh yeah. That's some real shit. Yeah. But They weren't like SNL sketches, which are, you're just there to laugh. You guys were saying something important as well. It's Interesting that it ended up being that way. 'cause everybody's philosophy informed everybody else. So we informed the writers and the writers informed us, and Jordan informed me, and I informed him I know for a fact that Jordan's big deal was, it's gotta be funny. First we've gotta get the architecture right. Yes. Yeah. Then we can slap something social on it. If President Obama is hamstrung because he can't get angry or he is an angry black man and he can't say nothing, or he is ineffectual black man, how do we help him?


Yes. So we invented Luther. Right, right. Yeah. But it's dangerous because you're saying, Hey, fucking white people. Yes. This is what he's thinking. Exactly. And also takes you with second first, it's hilarious. And then you're Like, oh, wait a minute. Also, because Jordan is so masterful and so brilliant, that concept, which came from SNL, in the early days when Chevy Chase used to do weekend update, they would do these little segments where we'd say, and now our next segment is sponsored by the Society for the Deaf. Our top story Night General Releaseo, Frank Francisco Franco is still dead. And there'd be a little box, and in the box is Garrett Morris. And he'd go, ah, top story. Oh my God. He's it for a practical reason.


But Jordan's idea was, what if you were screaming behind me? What if you were yelling out my frustration and anger? And it's such a goddamn clever idea that even in the midst of the indictment of the double standard of how you have to act as a black person, white conservative people will go, God damnit. That's clever. Right. I gotta give it to him because I, I've seen that guy. He don't ever yell. I bet he is pissed off. I bet he is pissed off. Don't worry to them Right then. Right. Then it's also, we had to write scenes in a very thematic, evergreen way. Even when you air this and publish this, what I'm about to say will be on the podcast, but won't make any difference in a year, in 10 years.


Yeah. So like if we wrote a sketch about Tyreek Hill being arrested in Miami. Okay, that works. If SNL's on right now, today, we again tried to make lemonades out of lemon, which is okay, we have a 13 week writing process. We can't write any topical stuff. Right, right, right, right, right. Yeah. We've gotta write evergreen stuff. The hope is our work will stand the test of time And that hopefully, that we're making a comment on something that is obsolete. My hope would be that our grandchildren will go, I don't get it. Yeah. Wouldn't that be awesome? Within my grandchildren said, I don't get the sketch. That's a weird goal to have as an artist. Wouldn't That be amazing if it made no sense in 10 years? Oh, yeah. Yeah. It's like that hugely popular riddle about the son going to the hospital.


Yes. And the doctor performs surgery and it's the mom. It's the mom, right. And. That's A huge shock that a mom could possibly be a doctor. The be the doctor. We gave our kids that riddle, and they're like, this isn't a riddle. It's the mom. And the mom. I was like, oh, that's cool. When I was a kid, that was impossible to, It was possible, especially for, it broke my brain. re like, wait, the mom's, the doctor. The what country are they? What? What year is this? 30 41. This is shitty riddle. 'cause it's fucking impossible. Possible. You can't Can't be the mom. Exactly. So that's what you're saying. You're hoping, That's what I'm saying. In an ideal world, our sketches would be obsolete. Some things do get sorted in a degree where you're like, well, this doesn't have an engine really anymore.


Thank God. Thank God. Yes. And also just looking at our consumerism. When you see gay men in commercials or interracial couples in commercials, it's just a thing that We do now Thing that We do. Yeah. You would never think anything Totally normal. So Second City opens in Detroit in 93. How quickly are you taking classes there? I Left in 93 and went to graduate school at Penn State. And then when I came back home to Detroit, I started a theater in Hamtramck called The Planet Ant. Sam hung out in Hamtramck exclusively. Sam spent all of his time there. I was the coach for Tim Robinson's sketch group. Oh, you Were, God. I was wondering if there was gonna be overlap. Yes. He had a sketch group. They were called Your Fat Friend, which you can't name also. Also not a name.


That would be a name of a group. No. And I saw Sam in a show. it was a Mia ate show at the Planet Ant. I don't know What culminated. We had comedian at University of Georgia, but I didn't do it. I was too, was too Scared. Kedia de Art is a mask art form that started in the 16th century in Italy. There were different scripts and different scenarios that were set up, but all the characters are the same. Carlo Goone was the most famous Comad playwright. There's a bunch of different Kedia playwrights, and they'd say, okay, this story is about the young couple that's getting together, but they're not supposed to get together. And the one father hates him, but he's having an affair with her. But every single play has the same characters. When you got up on Saturday mornings and turned on A B, C, you'd watch a bunch of cartoons.


But Bugs Bunny is in all of them and Porky pigs in all of them. And Yosemite Sam is occasionally in them. All of those characters on those cartoons that we watch when we're kids are based on comedia characters. Oh, wow. Axel Foley, Eddie Murphy's character. Yeah. Detroit. Yeah. Is based on a comedia character called Arno. So is Bugs Bunny. Any street smart, quick witted scam. Charlie Chaplin The Tramp is an Aino character. What Is your theory or belief? Are people independently recreating that, or are they aware of that? I think most people are Not aware. You inherit that archetype. They're Archetypes. They're archetypes. They just started there. That's right. Somebody figured out how to codify the archetypes in the 15 hundreds.


People intrinsically know them and go, I'm gonna play the parasite. I'm gonna play the Sassy Ma. Florence from The Jeffersons is a Edia character named Lina. Gotcha. Yeah. It's crazy. It's so cool. So cool and fascinating. So I saw a Edia show with Sam in it. That's the first time I ever met him. And then he and Tim used improv and they wrote shows that they performed at the Planet Ant, and they worked, and they did all that until they got their own show called The Detroiters. That was on Comedy Central. So I started that theater with about eight friends. It used to be a coffee house, by the way. It is the coffee house where Meg and Jack White met No. What? Yes, Yes. Oh my Lord. That's where they Met. They met at the planet at Coffee House. Oh my gosh.


So we Gutted the coffee house and turned it into a black box and started doing plays And. then I auditioned for Second City Detroit. And I got in, I didn't have to take classes. So it wasn't as organized as it was at the Groundlings or the Second City, or UCB. Oh, great. You're just doing shows. I'm just doing Shows. And then they said, do you want to teach And? then I started teaching. I was just fully immersed. Every day. I'm reading Inpro by Keith Johnstone. I'm reading Viola Polin. I'm going to work, I'm teaching. it was a really fervent, fun, fulfilling educational time. Has It ever gotten more fun? It's Never gotten more fun. No. Isn't it crazy? 'cause you're there aiming for here. I know, And then you get here And you go, oh, that was It.


It's like when you talk to athletes and you go, but how do you stay? Forget every athlete who's 23. Good for them. It's when you're 33 and God forbid you're successful. Yeah. How do you keep the passion going? Yeah. Some of the most fulfilling work I ever did in my life was at that time when I went to Chicago. How long were you in Detroit before you went to Chicago? I was there for three years and 11 months to the day. Oh, wow. Okay. From 1997 to 2001, I left in July of 2001. Moved to Chicago. They put me into the new show. I was replacing a guy who was leaving to move out here. I went into that show. We started our rehearsal process for the next show. We were probably three weeks out from previews. I woke up in the morning on a Tuesday, just like everybody else in this country, and heard that two planes had flown into the World Trade Center.


I remember we went to work and everybody's shellshocked. The director of the main stage show, he was beside himself. His name's Jeff Richmond. He's Tina Faye's husband. Oh. He was trying to figure out how musical Guy, musical Director. How the hell do I get to New York? To my wife? Yes. it was crazy from a creative standpoint, because again, topical, their show was now obsolete. And our show, we had written most of it, like three quarters of the show. We didn't know what to do. Of course, you must question, are we even allowed to go be funny in this time? Yep. And I remember I was going home one night with the stage manager. 'cause we lived near each other and we'd share a cab sometimes to go home. And. we were on Lake Shore Drive and the cab driver was Afghani, and he had stickers of American flags.


Yeah. Yeah. All over his cab. My stage managers like this poor guy. He's gotta try to be as patriotic as he possibly can. That's so sad. If you are Afghani or you're Iraqi, or you're Persian and you're watching the news, the first person who was killed or lynched, if you will, was a Sikh, which means that white people don't know shit. No, exactly. About anything. No. If you're brown, you're in trouble. If you're brown, you're in trouble. I'm like, they killed a Sikh. And so then we created a character. Rye played an Afghani cab driver who wore Uncle Sam hat. Oh. So that anybody that got into his cab, he, you know, I live America. America. This country And. we did that. And, we opened the show. I remember the first time we touted out that character on stage to audition the material.


The laughter was thunderous. But you know, it wasn't regular laughter. it was cathartic laughter. And I went, oh my God. I think my job might be important. Yeah. you know? Wow. it was a wonderful feeling. So how long were you in Chicago? Was Jordan there? Jordan had studied there before I got there. But he Was with Boom, He went to Boom. I was there from July of 2001 until December of oh three. So two years. And then they did a cast swap. The cast from Boom, Chicago came to Chicago and our main stage cast went to the Netherlands. Oh, did you go I did not. I was on the ETC, so I got to know Jordan And.


we saw each other's shows, and it was instant comedy, love, And. we enjoyed each other. We had similar backgrounds being raised by single white mothers. And, we biracial. We had a lot in common. And then he auditioned for Mad Look. Can I say one thing about him while we're talking about him? Please. Because we interviewed him. it was fantastic. Yeah. It's one of my favorites. What was revealed in that is that he was actually kind of a real lonely kid living in a very scary big world in New York. Yes. He was. And it's like the sweetest part. I just loved learning that side of him. He Was a lonely kid. He's also a brave person. Because he would traverse that city by himself. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Jordan is one of these people who kind of just gets on with life.


He just pushes through. It's why Get Out exists. Eight years. It took him. Right. That movie. Oh really? He just pushed through. I really admire him. My two partners are the two people I kind of admire most in the world. I admire my wife and I admire Jordan. Their work ethic and their spirit. He's amazing. Plotters really impress me. People who can plot people who Applaud. Yeah. Who grind. I gotta lose. you know me, I'm whining in a bottle Half. That's me too. I half hour. Yeah. That's why we're here for two hours. Right. Because you're like, something's gonna stick. Something will stick. But yeah, Jordan and L are both very much of that school of let me just keep writing it until it's right. I'm gonna do what I have to do to get it right.


And our first season of KM Peel, Jordan used to say, it's just gotta be bulletproof, man. We just gotta out hustle. Everybody else just work harder than everybody Else. you know? Like I got into improv to be off the cuff, baby me Jazz, baby. It's jazz, jazz. You can't try to control This. Don't control me This mistress. I'm Exactly, I'm like you. I'm exactly like you. I'm like, throw me in chaos. Make me feel like I'm about to fall down. And then you'll see the best side. That's me too. Put me in a crisis. Yes. And then I'll perform. Yes. But if you give me time to write it, I'm not a good self-starter in that Way. I need the survival thing to click in like I'm drowning right now. Have to perform right now. Don't ask me to perform right now.


I have to perform right now. Or it's not gonna happen. That's the race fuel. Exactly. So you did know him. And then ultimately, do you go to New York for a mad TV audition? And did you ever audition for SNL? I never auditioned for SNL. It all happened in a pressure cooker. And so Andrew Alexander, who owned the Second City, very, very good friends with Lauren and known him for years and had supplied him. Saw me numerous. A lot of talent. Yeah. Him and Bernie Lins and Bernie Lins ran the second stage before Andrew purchased it. So he and Lauren, both Canadians very good friends. I got scouted by Mad tv. What year is This? This is 2003. Because I wanna know if you had the same feeling I did, which was, and I'll say this delicately. I ultimately respect a great deal.


Everyone that did mad and was on mad. But when you started at the Groundlings and you went through that four year process I went through to get on that stage, the goal was saying it live. And people would leave and they'd go to Mad tv and you just felt like I'm not in a position to not take work. I honestly hoped I didn't get presented that decision. 'cause I wanted to be on SART Live and I would've been on Mad TV 'cause I was penniless and I wasn't getting any work. I hear you. it was strange. I am a person who don don't wanna say I succumbeded to the panic, but there was a bird in the hand. Yes. That's this business. Right. And By the way, you chose correctly for Your life. Yes. It worked out perfectly for my life. But it was A Weird Scenario when you were doing sketch and improv.


If you're a groundling or you're a second citizen. Yes. There's just no way everybody wants to be on SNL. Yeah. You wanna be Will Ferrell or I go back to Belushi or Gilda. That's who you wanna be. And what was funny is I remember doing my work and doing the show, and a casting director was there. And what was funny is there were three women who were coming off or potentially coming off of Mad tv. I'm the one that got the call to go audition. Right? Yeah. Yeah. I was like, I don't have a vagina. What do they need me for? And they already had Aries and they just hired Jordan. But I went out and I auditioned and the executive producer, David Salzman, also a Detroiter, adopted Detroit. He's of New Yorker, who went to Wayne State and I auditioned. I remember talking to my agent and he said, look, we can talk to the producers who worked with Lauren.


you know, they're not gonna get L to leave Amon Ganzi his summer house in Maine. Right. He doesn't know me from Madam Andrew said, I Know. Tim's leaving the show soon. Tim Meadows, you might wanna look at one of my guys, but Lauren's not gonna stop his vacation to go to eight H and just see me. So it was weird. you know, like you're looking at your dream. You're like, so am I just going to consciously give up that Dream? Well, yes. That's the thing you're declaring that's that for my SNL dream because no one will ever go from mad tv. Never. Yes. Are you going from Mad TV to SL? Yeah. It's an awesome opportunity. It's tv. It's doing what you love, but you are saying goodbye to something you've that've been singularly fo or I was singularly focused on. I wasn't focused on it in Detroit. it was unrealistic until we did a show.


Sometimes people be in the audience. Right. But Dave Kuer, full house. Full house. He's from Detroit. So Dave Kuer and Bob Saggot were in the audience. Oh, how exciting. Ey Had to leave or something. Or he was gonna go see Darren McCarty's band or something like that. Okay. Darren McCarty's, a famous hockey player. Red Red Wing. Oh, Got it. And Saggot came backstage and came and improvised with us. Lovely man. Oh yeah, yeah. Generous guy. And then they told their managers about one of my castmates because Chris Farley had just died and one of my castmates resembled Chris Farley. Oh wow. Right. He and another one of my castmates, they were asked to come put a showcase together. These guys came to town and watched our show. Oh my God. They were managers. And all of a sudden, for the next two years, it got fucking weird at the Second City, Detroit, I'm sure.


I bet. Really weird. It's like, oh, this could lead to something more. This actually could lead to something more as opposed to us just being here at home in Detroit entertaining the people. Yeah. Once you introduce, dudes are flying in to pluck someone outta here, it's fucks everyone's head up. It Fucks everybody's Head up. Yeah. Then people hate each other. And competitive. Yeah. You Have to hear about stories about like really great improv troops and the worst thing in the world. It's a three man improv troupe who's excellent and poetry in motion. And then one gets cast as a feature player and one gets cast as a writer and one's left out in the fucking cold. Yes. Brutal. Brutal. Absolutely brutal To Savage business. It is. I think it was so good of you to take, well, obviously we know it worked out for you, but even just the singular goal thing doesn't exist actually in this industry.


You have to learn to drop that so early on in order to succeed at all. There's no such thing as a singular goal in Hollywood. You Can't do it. You cannot succeed. Succeed that you Cannot do it. But you got to host. Yes. Now that was an amazing experience. What's Cool about it is like I still got Here the best moment of that whole experience. First of all, I was in London shooting a movie. When I got the offer, I started kind of freaking out a little bit, and thank God Fred Armisen was in the movie with me. And he said, just understand it's going to go by so fast on the actual day. Yeah. When you do the dress rehearsal and then you do the show, it's a blur. Try as you might to be in the moment. The best moment was whatever the longest commercial break was, I had finished my Quick Change.


So they were showing a video and then going to commercial. Oh, great. Right. So I actually had two and a half minutes. Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And she's so sweet. The stage manager was standing next to me and I was just going, oh, and Cecily's getting her change done. And I'm kind of just standing backstage. And then the stage machine goes, come here for a second. There's a crawl space area where clearly people have to crouch down a bit to get under this little scaffolding area. And on this piece of cement by the scaffolding area, there was a sign that said, caution watch your head. And then written in pen under the word head, somebody had written the word Farley. Caution. Watch your head Farley and think it was David Spade.


Oh God. Oh my God. Specifically for Chris And. then I almost started crying. Yeah. I almost started crying. That was my one moment in the midst of the chaos where I got to just take a moment and remember, first of all, it's right before you walk on stage. Oh, I can't imagine And that moment. So those are the two moments I remember. Everything else is kind of a blur. That moment was sublime. That's great. I'm so glad you got that. I think to host is, as I said, that's the actual dream. Absolutely Sublime experience. Well, it's funny is I'm now at a point where I was thinking even if it ever came back up, somehow I had some triumph that would warrant me getting invited. I'm almost at the age where it's like, I don't know if I have that anymore. I have absolutely not a doubt in my mind, ax, that you would excel.


I'm gonna take that to heart. I Think you would take the bulb on the horns and you would absolutely murder it. I think your muscle memory would kick in. Everything you learned at the ground lengths would kick In. This is a more general question. Do you feel yourself getting less brave as you get older and you've been doing it longer? I Kind of do. Yeah. What I did in Idiocracy, I couldn't do that. Now. I would be like, that's too big of a swing. I can't pull that off. You Were younger and you made great comedic choices In the context of that movie, Idiocracy is actually one of the more important movies made in American cinema, which Is insane. It Is perfect American satire. Stay tuned for more armchair expert.


If you dare


If, you love iPhone. You'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple. Card. Apply for Apple Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval savings is available to Apple Card owners subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch member, FDIC terms and more. At Apple Card dot com.


We are supported by Klaviyo. Klaviyo helps brands build smarter digital relationships with their customers. And here at Armchair Expert, we know a little something about how challenging that can be. Here's how Klaviyo does it. Their unified data and marketing automation platform turns customer data into personalized connections to make every moment count across AI powered email SMS analytics and more. Klaviyo powers smarter digital relationships for more than 151,000 successful brands, including Hedley and Bennett Fish Wife and Dagney Dover. Build smarter digital relationships with your customers. Visit K-L-A-V-I y.com to make every moment count.


The new Apple Watch series 10 is here. It has the biggest display ever. It's also the thinnest Apple Watch ever making it even more comfortable on your wrist. And it's the fastest charging Apple Watch getting you eight hours of charge in just 15 minutes. Introducing the all new Apple Watch series 10 now available for the first time in the glossy jet. Black aluminum compared to previous generation iPhone. Tennis are later required charge time and actual results will vary. Do you know what was great about that? My mom went to the premiere and she said to me in the kindest way possible, well, it's not my favorite thing I've seen you in.


She didn't Like it. Okay. She didn't like It. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like, okay, I can accept that. And then maybe three weeks later she called me and she goes, I just went to Walmart and I'm starting to think that movie might be really good. Oh, that's Terrific. Yeah. Isn't That interesting? It's so societally sticky. A satire can only do two things. It can only preface what's going to happen or project what a future could look like. And the only other thing it can do is become that future. Yeah. Right. And it is becoming that future. Yeah. Yeah. I'm thinking of Idiocracy and I'm thinking about the presidential debate. I know. It's interchangeable. It's Interchangeable. And also even just the consumer stuff is really materialized in a way.


It's like I'll constantly be watching something and I'll be like, oh my God, they're wearing billboards now while they play this game. Irrigating Your crops with Monster, with Gatorade drinks with Gatorade. It's so good. But I do know what you mean. Going back to what you were saying about being brave, because I do think when you're young, you're so risky. And then as you get more and more and more success, there's more and more and more to lose, which inherently then makes you less risky, which can make you less funny. It's this Weird Yes. Especially if that's the measuring stick for funny. Jordan said to me one time, I always have an interesting Jordan take on something. 'cause he says such brilliant things. Also, when you're younger and you're poor, you are living the life that most people are living. Yes. Yes. If you're middle class or lower middle class.


So you can stand on a stage with a microphone and say, you guys ever notice? Because they do notice. Exactly. Yes. But you can't say, do you ever notice when your private plane is like 20 years old and you're a little afraid about getting on it? You're like, What? You're like, I paid 70 grand for this charter And. It's got a interior from a G four. A Four. Yeah. Yeah. My chair only swivels 90 degrees. What is going on? Yes. I mean, if we were in a Falcon X seven, that'd be different. But I mean, this is a G four chassis. Boom. I hope the aeronautics have been updated. Especially if you start to isolate yourself. I get nervous for somebody who might want to jump back into the world of standup or comedy after being wildly successful for a long time ago.


But do you have any connection? Yeah. Yeah. To the people who are in your audience. So my observation that's very similar to that, and I specifically watch it with Will Ferrell. Yeah. Because at some point I was like, he does a lot of period pieces. you know, he'd done anchorman, he did another anchorman, then he did the basketball one. Basketball. Yes. Semi-pro. What I think is interesting is you're no longer subjugated by a shitty boss. A shitty teacher. Most people's life. Oh. They're dealing with someone above them. And you do transcend that with success. So really you're well is gonna be back in time. 'cause that's when you can remember really having to deal with some other That's asshole. That's right. And that's when I really thought about that. It's like, yeah, that's the peril of success, is that you're no longer really having to deal with some crazy personality that's above you, that you have to placate And you're at their mercy.


Yes. You're picking up every little annoying thing they do, and you're just crafting this character. And even when you're doing your first exercises in comedy theaters, it's like, do a teacher, do a boss? you know? It's these people you hated. Yeah. People that you rail against. Yeah. Because you're young now you are the character. Now you're the character. So what am I supposed to play? I'm gonna do a movie about a guy who's having a existential crisis about being the boss because everything else been wants to see that movie. Exactly. Well, even any existential crisis, like, oh, all your other problems were solved. So now you're at the exist. Existential, existential, philosophical, the philosophical stuff. Right. Which always for great dramatic action. Yeah. It's a conundrum. Yeah. Comedians in particular, historically don't age very well.


I think that's why Bill Murray's such a phenom is like somehow that guy held on to the same angle for Almost 50 years. Because I think about the work that we didn't see him do at the Second City before he made it to Saturday Night Live. Right. He is a phenom because there's no way to classify him or describe him. You want his career and you also don't want his career. I wanna admire his career. Yeah. But don don't know how I would navigate that. How would I even try to emulate that career? Truly. Okay. So just fast forwarding through the couple things I thought were fascinating about Key Peele that I learned researching you, and you already alluded to it, which is initially Jordan was like, this has to be written Bulletproof And.


that the first season was almost no improv. Yep. I found this fascinating. And then at some point you had to say to him like, Hey, How do you feel about us opening up the playbook a little Bit? Yeah. Like, we also do this thing that's really special and electric and we're not doing that at all. He was feeling so confident about his skills and he was, he was at the top of his game our first season of the show. So he felt I know, I can write this in such a way that I can force the laughs to come I Know, where the punchline comes I know where the turn comes I know where the jokes are going to be, and let's just make sure that we give Peter our director everything he needs to give us the best possible product to look at. And then it was the second season that we started, it was a controlled experiment.


We're gonna have some pieces that are completely and utterly dependent on the writing. And if we can interpret them in an interesting way, so be it. But then let's also have playtime. So traditional straight man clown scenes and sometimes what we call peas in the pod scenes. So you know the two car valets that we play? Yes. Liam Neeson's and the Batmans and the Ruth Willies and all that stuff. They were written. But I know if you guys know Colton Dunn. Yes. Yeah. So Colton's always very versatile. He's good at writing skeleton scenes that you can fill in. And he's also good at writing fun joke, offbeat scenes where you want to get the vines right. So that you get the quirkiness of it. We started sprinkling that in. And then early third season, it was just when we started doing more macabre stuff, where if you watch the third and fourth seasons of our show, it shouldn't surprise you too much that Jordan is a horror director.


Right, right. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. In retrospect, the clues were there. That's funny. Do you think this show's more popular now than when it was on tv? I do. I think it's way more popular now. I don't know what the share numbers are, but I think we used to hover around 1.6 to 2 million viewers a week. 2 million tops. It wasn't until when sketches started going onto YouTube and people had a sense of ownership about the sketches. Like, I found this thing and I sent it to my friend. Also. It created a narrative that we never intended. It's funny what people don't pay attention to. They don't pay attention to the bug. In the bottom of the screen, there's the double C. This is from Comedy Central.


Oh, oh, oh. This is around the show. Who are these two guys making these great videos on YouTube? Yes. Well, it's like a band at that point. Yeah. You're like, I discovered this. I'm in on this. I'm sharing this. You give them ownership over it. That's what started the phenomenon. And now what is bizarre to me, or when 15 year olds, our show went off the air in 2015. Right? Yeah. They were six when it went off. They were six years old. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So that's because of TikTok. It's amazing. It's absolutely amazing. Wow. It's, and you know what's cool about it too? Is I use it that way probably once every six months. I miss the hat sketch so much that I have to go watch it. Yeah. I cannot believe that sketch for anyone who's not seen it.


Two dudes come out, I'm in their dug, I'm in their dug, I'm in their dog. I can't tell you how much Chris and I would go, I'm in dog in their, Their dog. I'm in their dog. I'm in there Tuck. I'm in there, dog. I'm in there, dog. I'm in there, dog. I'm in there dog. I'm in there. But you guys come out, one guy's still got the receipt on his hat, which is a thing. And the other dude feels really bummed. Like, fuck, I just got shown up. And then he shows up the next day and he's got his hat. It's in the bag. I can't remember the total progression. Yeah. First one is, you know, the kids wear the hats with just the stickers on 'em. Yep. Stickers. And the next guy has his hat in the bag with the receipt. He's wearing it. The bag in the bag on his head. And then the next guy has the hat in a plexiglass display case on his head.


It's Yes. And then the other guy literally has a woman, a Chinese woman sewing a hat. Has he has a sweat shop on his Head. I wanted it to be a kid. Oh. Oh. Yeah. I don't know why they wouldn't let us have a kid. Like I wanted a young Asian kid making the hat. I didn't care where they were from. They could have been from Taiwan or Bangla. Oh my God. Oh fuck. That. We just had a guest on recently where he and I geeked out about that for a while. Many The another one that I'll have to watch too, once every six months, is any of these tarries get Froggy. Yeah. That's a Colton Dun special. Oh yeah. That Sketch Is ridiculous. The best part about that sketch, first of all, Malcolm Barrett's amazing in it, but the woman who did all of her hair and wigs through the last season of the show, every production reading, she goes, do you guys think there's any sketch where we could put the braid guy?


And those guys the way that we're dressed, yeah. Are two real people. Oh, Okay. Two real people. She found crazy images and she went, this guy's Afro is shaved into a hat. And I was like, don don't know where that's gonna fit. Might've been, Jordan was like, maybe the terrorist guys. I might be a good look for those guys. Funny. Unbelievable. And the substitute teacher, that's an enormous One. I mean, that thing, who knew? And now I'll tell you, you've affected people's lives. 'cause my best friend in the world is Aaron Winkle. And I can't tell you how many people call him AA Ron. I'm really happy to be here talking about it, to sketch people, We do on average six sketches a show. So two sketches a week would go online. We have them out there in the world for people to see as marketing.


And then we put something at the end of the sketch saying, check out next week's episode of Key and Peele. So we were picking the sketches. I don't even remember what the other sketch was, but I remember whatever it was, we went, Ooh, that one. And then we said, what should the second sketch be? And I think it was me and Jordan and the other two showrunners were just sitting in an office one day and we're like, maybe the teacher one, maybe the teacher wants. Right. Right, Right, right. But that was actually all of our attitudes was, wow, that's a very good sketch. It's a clever sketch. But when you're surrounded all day five to six days a week by sketch writers, everyone just kind of goes, oh, that's a good one. Right. It's super misleading because inevitably the stuff that was all of our favorites would get on stage on Sunday And, it would tank.


And then the one we were all ho-hum about was a huge hit because you get too esoteric in it. it was too pedestrian. Maybe It was too, that's what I wanted you to say. Yeah. For a sketch comedian. Yeah. it was too pedestrian. It's like it's pretty much by the numbers. Yeah. It's on the note. Anybody could write this sketch. Yeah. Except not. Except for it's the best sketch ever. We're like, God dammit, rich. The guy who wrote it we're like, that's clever. That's a good And. we all piled on and everyone had their own names they wanted to add to it. And the comedic game was clear and clever. Yes. Yeah. But who knew? The legs of it are really fascinating. You just don't tire of it. It's not like you want to hear three names and be done. You wanna hear a hundred names. You Wish it could go on and on and on, on, on, On.


There's a riddle in it. You're trying to figure out. You're like actively listening and You're going, now what's he gonna say next? And am I gonna be able to figure out what the name really is? Right. It was like a weird game. There was probably something dopamine level happening. There's like a slot machine aspect to it, Which a lot of sketches do. It's funny, the two most popular sketches in the history of Key Peele both have to do with names. Oh really? The football name Sketch, where the guys say their name and what school they went to. Oh, And that. Now let's meet the players from the west. you know, Jack Mary is Tech the Tricks. Michigan State University. you know all those people. Well, the first time my manager called us and said, did you see on YouTube how many hits? This is 12 years ago. So I went online and he's like, look up the substitute teacher sketch.


And I was like 25 million hits. Oh my God. And. that would be like the season finale of friends. Right. Exactly. I mean, it was like, what's happening? We had no idea. it was just a random like, oh, let's put the teacher sketch on there and look at it now. That's so interesting. Okay. We must now talk about Transformers One. Yes. Now, before we talk about that, this is just a really nosy question. You are in so many mega movies doing vo, Lego Movie, hotel, Transylvania, angry Bird, super Mario Brothers, toy Story, the Lion King Pinocchio. There's way more. Have you made more money doing voiceover than you have acting? I'm gonna say no.


Okay. But I think it's gotta be close. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Maybe Transformers One puts you Over. It might, because one of the things is you don't always get paid a ton, especially in a franchise. If it's the first movie, you get paid a kind of a nominal fee up front, and then you hope it does well at the box office and you make money in your bumps. I wanna say Kristen might have made 50 grand for frozen one probably before The bonuses. And then who knows what she made on frozen two, $650 million. She Had 61% of pros. All It is put into this attic. That's right. Can't you tell? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a good noy question. Yeah. 'cause where you crush, it's the residuals of it too. It's a fucking residual. Like we're in a normal movie, like without a Paddle, lifetime residuals, don don't know what they've hit.


Maybe 200 grand or something. I know it mostly. 'cause stuntman friends of mine get real residuals. And some of these stunt men are in all the Marvel movies. Of course. I'm like, all these motherfuckers are making 700,000 a year on these. On Thes Residual. Yes. Anybody who wasn't an a-list actor, who's in that movie? The 200 actors you made more than all of them put together. Once you're in these billion dollar movies, man, you get the Sids. Well, That's what the strike was a lot about. Yeah. All about the Sid. Okay, so now Transformers won. It's fantastic. It's fun. It's exciting. It's a animated version of Transformers. Yes. So it's the second animated Transformers film. The first one came out in 1986. And man, is it a strange movie. The cartoon came out in 84 in the States and became such a huge hit.


And then the thing about this movie, that's also very exciting to me. 'cause I'm a big Transformers fan, nostalgically speaking from childhood. Did you have any of the toys? I had one of them, but I can't remember which one it was. And I think it was a hand me down toy. I have some resentment against Transformers because you never Got to have one. I Didn't have them. And it's kids in your class were fucking transforming em. Yep, yep. And there's A group gathered around Sometimes. I'll be honest with you, I couldn't transform it. it was too complicated. They're Very Hard and they're not easy to Transfer. And when I got my hands on one, you're Like, I couldn't do it. Oh no. This is barely fun at all. It's Like a puzzle. Snatch it outta your hand. If I wanted a Rubik's cube, I would've, you know, it was one in particular that I wanted called Sound Wave. He transformed into a boombox.


Ooh. Oh fuck. Yeah. And he had the little cassette shoot and they're little cassettes that turned into mini transformers. Oh, that's Very, there was A little two long One. And the little bird, there were spies also. The two biggest things in the world at that time were fucking jam boxes. Jam boxes and transformers. Yeah. So they combine the two. I watched the movie recently, the old one. And what he does is he go and he turns into the boombox, and then one of the little spies, the bird goes inside of him into the cassette shoot. And then he plays what? The little bird recorded. Oh. You See, he plays with the first recording. Yeah. It's very analog. We had such a great time. This is one of the good things, and I think this applies to biopics as well.


This seems pretty obvious, but do what you can to write a really good story. And then it's almost like slap the transformers on later. Take all of the intertextuality and all the nostalgia out of it. Write a standalone movie that I would want to go see and get invested in the story. And then you can slap all the other stuff on later. What's the kernel of the story? And? it has a very primal story, which is in search of power. Right. They can't transform And. we Also meet, we're not ruining anything because it's in that trailer. Such a friendship and a bond of brotherhood between the two lead characters. And if you watch how the movie progresses and evolves, it's heartbreaking. It's about feeling love.


It's about brotherhood, it's about friendship and what can rip a friendship, a sunder And inequality. Like not being allowed to have what other people have Have and being fleeced. And the system is against you. Yes. I know The Stake are very high in the movie, but it's also about letting go something that you could let go of that you don't let go of. I'm trying to be vague, but if the attribute of being able to forgive or let go existed in this one character, there would be no Megatron. The character's name is D 16. We would not have the world of the Transformers that we have. Yeah. Because this is an origin story. This Is an origin story for everybody. And it's interesting because also we hear about in all the Michael Bay movies, how we left Cybertron and Cybertron was destroyed and it was ravaged and it was under attack.


Cybertron Cybertron. And you never see Cybertron. It's Superman's Origin Planet. Yeah. The Krypton origin. Whereas this whole movie, there's no humans in this movie. They're all Cybertrons or whatever you wanna call them. And you get to see Cybertron. For people who love Transformers, they're just gonna be like, oh, what? Yeah. They're gonna be be jizzing all over, all over the joint. The floors are gonna be sticky. Oh, fun. Did you get to record with anybody? No. Is that bummer, right? When Yeah. It's a like you're in a movie with Hemsworth. Yeah. And Scarlet, My main obsession is Brian Tyree Henry. I just, oh my God. Fucking love this guy. I do so much. I do too. There's such depth to his work.


I like a chameleon actor. A chameleonic actor. Ooh, chameleonic. I've never heard that. Describe when you See him in Bullet Train and then you see in Atlanta, the show Is so authentic that I am thinking, which is my favorite thing, is like, oh, they found this guy in Atlanta. Yep. He's not an actor. Yeah. He's so good in Atlanta. He is. Yeah. Fuck. But he's Julliard trained, right? He went somewhere. Yeah. It's either Gale or Ju. Not The streets of Atlanta. Yeah, It's not the street. Yes. Right. Exactly. He didn't go to the School of Hard Knock. No. He's like a classically trained actor. Yeah. We met before, it might have been, he did a movie called Hotel Artemis with Jodi Foster and Sterling K. Brown. And I think I met him there. And he was a Key and Peele fan. And I had seen him on Atlanta And.


we talked a little bit, so we'd know each other a little bit. We got to go to Comic-Con together. it was me and him and Chris. We did a ComicCon panel. What's it like being with Hemsworth at Comic-Con? Because he's Thor. It's exactly what I expected it to be. In my experience. There's such a different dynamic. I know television doesn't really exist anymore, but between a television performer and a movie star. Yeah. And an action movie. Action movie star. So when people did recognize him, it was always, it's that right. When people recognize me, they come up to hug me. Yeah, Yeah. Right, Right, right. Yeah. 'cause I'm a human. Forget that. He plays a superhero. He doesn't look like a human. Right. In real life. Yes. Because nobody can look like that. No. I Know. So he is a fucking superhero.


And so people are in Awe. Don't you wanna walk around as him for just like a day? Just a day? Yeah. Just to feel what it's like to breathe. Where like every time with his lungs, you turn over your shoulder, everyone you just pass has stop. And they're like, they're Like trying to collect themselves. Hate that for a day. As long as it streets all women, you get paranoid. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. If the street is all women, I don't want to turn around and all the dudes on the street are staring at me. I want all the women on the street. Because some of those dudes wanna fight you. Yes. They like The thing. Could you imagine being Stallone? I don't think anybody ever thought they could beat up Arnold, but I think people think they might have been able to beat up Stallone. I agree. Why Is that? And he's rocky. You know what I mean? Like yes. I could take it.


Yes. you Know, you have a fantasy that you could get so tough, no one would ever fuck with you again. Invites more Bumblebee's. A good guy to play. He was a lot of fun to play. And he's kind of exuberant and fun and positive. And also the fact that we got to give him a voice. Dan Gilbert Za, I think was his name. The guy who played Bumblebee in the eighties on the TV show when he could talk. But I love the storyline from the Michael Bay movies when he couldn't speak. It kind of endeared him to people. Yes. We like a little robot that can't Talk. Yeah. That can't talk. He's got a little Wally quality to Him. Yeah. A little Johnny Five. Yeah. Johnny five. Johnny five. This is alive. Johnny Five. This is neither here nor there. You have probably worked with this guy. He's a good friend of mine. Clay Cohen. He's a stunt coordinator.


And his father was the original optimist. Prime, Pete Cullen. You know Peter Cullen? Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And he has had secretly this whole life of supporting himself by being Optimist Prime. Oh, Absolutely. Especially back then when you could get paid handsomely for doing voice work. And he did it through the eighties. Right. In the current movies. And there was a character on the cartoon called Jazz who was an autobot. Who was voiced by Scat Man. Carruthers. Who's Scat Man? Carruthers. So Scat Man. Cruthers was the old bald janitor in The Shining. Oh. Oh, wow. Wow. That Scat Man. Cruthers. Yeah. And bought a home and everything. Absolutely. Like when you Yes, I love when. And he did tons of voices. He did Voices of like the Harlem Globe charter descriptions, all those kind of cheap Korean made cartoons that came in the late seventies and eighties that were on Saturday morning.


And Scat Man Cruthers, he wasn't buckwheat, he was stymie from the Little Rascal. No way. So Robert Blake was a little rascal and Stymie was a little rascal I know a little bit about childhood actors. So Uncle Fester from the Adams family. Jackie Cogan is the kid. Oh, The Coogan Principle. Oh, the Coogan Fund. The Cogan account. The Coogan account. Yes. Jackie Coogan, the Kid from the Tramp. The little kid that's in the movie with Charlie Chaplin is Jackie Coogan who played Uncle Fester. Oh my God. You know how much your parents have to rip you off to get known as the Coogan account at the Coogan Account That that is named after Jackie Coogan and not after Gary Coleman. Yeah, Exactly.


Well, it's a very, very good animated movie. Like it's so well done. Josh Cooley, the guy who wrote it, directed his pedigree is second, and now he's a Pixar guy. He did Toy Story four, that's where we met. And he's really quite brilliant. And so people should see this movie. It's really terrific. Yeah, it really is. It's very cool that they decided to do an animated version. An Animated version of it. Yeah, I think it's right. 'cause you can do anything you want. Okay. The very last thing I'm gonna ask you to do, I've been trying to get him on passionately with emails and friends of friends for six and a half years. I've offered to fly to go interview him. Yeah. Shaquille, You trying to get Shaquille? You wanna interview Shaquille?


I would like to interview Shaquille for just a few minutes. Shaquille, you're down in Atlanta or Florida now? I'm Florida sometimes. I'm trying to, trying to get back on my TNT. Oh. Get our show back. Trying to get our show back. And are you, you're in a boating now? Did I See? No, I'm in a boating On On on the Anchor, so Oh, that's so good. I fucking love Shaquille O'Neal. Shaquille O'Neal. He's the single best follow on Instagram. He, You know what he is? He's the Snoop Dogg of baskets. He's the other Snoop Dogg. You're absolutely right. you know Snoop is our coolest uncle. Yes, yes, yes.


Shaq's the other coolest uncle. Yeah. They're the two mascots for fucking having fun. Once a month he has fallen in love with a song and he's learned the words and now he's just gonna do a dance routine and sing the whole song for you while he is doing whatever else he's doing. And I was like, could this guy be happier and more fun loving? He's Just content. When you interview anyone that's worked with Shaquille, they're like, oh, greatest two years of my life being teammates with Shaquille. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Don't forget to have fun. Winning's good, but like your life is the other shit. He's really inspirational. He Shaquille. He's inspirational. You're right. Don't forget to have fun. And you go, oh, that's frivolous. It's not. It's important. Well, Keegan, I always love when I bump into you. Me too. It happens occasionally. And, we get on so well, It's always great.


We always have a good time when we see each other. The problem is, when I'm here, I stay in Century City. That's perverted. I, I lived in Los SPUs for 17 years, so if I can hook up with Jordan, we'll have dinner. And I was like, I will come to you. And part of that, to be honest with you, is I might bump into Dax and Kristin. Oh, Ah. Might plug in that. We could definitely put some effort into arranging that. We would love to. That Would be great. Century City, you have a favorite hotel there or Something? Yeah, the Fairmont Century Plaza it. We love it there. Directly across from CAA Directly across from CAA. Are you represented there? I am Represented at ca a How? Get one of those long a key. My age? No, I get one of those like Pirates binocular. Just the one long one. One. The Telescope. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. And I would try to see my Make a deals.


This Has been Amazing. Yeah. So much fun. Yeah. Thanks for Showing. Oh my Time coming. So I'm glad you're here. Everybody see Transformers. One. It's fantastic. You're fantastic. This has been a blast. Let's do it again. You're Fantastic. You're fantastic. I'm in there, dog. I'm dog. I'm Tuck. Tuck. I'm Tuck. I'm Tuck. Stay tuned for more Armchair Expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Macy's. You all know I didn't grow up going to Fancy Designer stores. I grew up going to the mall, wandering the aisles of department stores, looking for that next cool T-shirt or pair shoes. And Macy's was always my favorite one. I have such fond memories of Macy's in the mall. It's just endless opportunity when you walk in. Yeah. You can get anything. Ah, I love it. We all know Macy's for their huge selection of apparel, home goods, and more at affordable prices. But what I didn't know until now is that Macy's is committed to helping small businesses find their footing in the retail space. If you're a small business owner who's ready to take the next step towards growth, you can apply to workshop at Macy's. The retail industry's longest running accelerator. This program gives participants the chance to connect with industry experts and gain valuable tips, tools, and resources to help elevate their brands. For more information and to apply for a spot in the workshop at Macy's class of 2025, head to the workshop at macy's dot com and whether or not you have a small business shop fall deals now at macy's dot com.


Stay tuned for the fact check so you can hear all the facts that were wrong. Hi. Hi. Welcome. Welcome, welcome, Welcome, welcome, welcome. Who did I wanna say that? Oh, I was trying, I was rehearsing the other day doing it as Steven Egal. I was wondering if I could do a whole intro with him. Oh wow. You probably could. I Got, was stuck on talking like him. you know how I do. You got stuck around the House. Got stuck. Yeah. I was like, oh. Oh yeah. My mother, every time I'd talk, I'd come in and say, you don't know this about me, but I've been a sheriff for 22 years in Wayne Parish. Welcome, welcome. Oh, see yeah. This is what happens. You just can't Stop. I know. I know why he talks like that. It feels good.


Really? You should try it in your apartment tonight. I. Know. You won't do it here live. Yeah, I won't. But it's, it feels Good. It's like almost drunk. Yeah. Yeah. It's like half in, half out. My algorithm just will not stop delivering me. Every day I see five or six new funny videos where he claims he taught someone a lethal kick. Any, it's incredible. Yeah. So we have, I have some, some I guess housekeeping or just some update on Aaron and I's Crazy Trip. Let's hear it. Well, some people will know, but Aaron and I went to, we landed in Dallas, picked up Big Brown and immediately went to a Sprouts and did a beer tasting of Ted Seeger's and they're 90 minutes long And.


we met several hundred arm cherries and the things that arm cherries are doing in the wild. Okay. I sent you some of them. Yeah. Like one is a gal showed up. Did I already tell you this one? Oh no. Showed up with a baseball hat that said really great station. I mean, Yeah, you're Not gonna get better than that. No, that's so good. Two lovely unassuming ladies. This was, I think in Memphis showed up in, no, it was another part of Dallas. Showed up in two matching shirts with unicorns on them. 'cause they know I don't like unicorns. And. it says spray all day. Wow. Yeah. And there's, did you notice that? 'cause I sent you a picture. I said, look at these shirts. I don't know if you, did you see it said I did spray all Day?


I did. I did. I'm just trying to act like that. Oh, you're trying to act like you didn't see it. That's helpful. Yeah. Okay. Keep playing along like that. So there was these shirts, it's a show and there were unicorns on it. And guess what it said What it say? Spray All day. What? That brand new information. What's that smell? Do you think the unicorns came from the unicorn conversation about the mug? I Do. Wow. That I don't like unicorns. They're fast. They're on top of it. Oh, they're really, really fast. So many cool things. We got a real, oh, we got a framed photo of Chris Leiden. Stop. Yes. Where is it? We got so much stuff. The bus is full of fun stuff. Aw. I couldn't bring it all back in this trip.


I'm gonna have to be bringing it back after Christmas or something. These Sweet arm cherries. Oh My god. So many sweet arm cherries. We did seven of these meet and greets in like 50 hours. Yeah, you did a lot. You packed in a lot. And. we drove 700 miles in the bus. it was scheduled. I should have looked better at the schedule. Okay. You felt overwhelmed. I'm in a, I'm in a pattern right now. If I should have paid more attention to certain things, I'm kind of at a low Point. Okay. hold on, hold on, hold on. Okay. Okay. It's important to delegate. Yeah. And so You can't, not to, or you gotta do way less stuff.


You have to delegate. And you did that a couple times. Yeah. And you don't love the result. Oh well. But that's life. Mm. Listen, I also, I love the result. Erin and I had so much fun. We met, you know, we met a couple thousand arm cherries and it was, Were any of them not arm cherries or was everyone in armchair? There Were a couple folks that like saw there was a commotion in the store. Yeah. Then recognized me from a movie. Yeah. But I think for them it was probably really confusing because people would come up, I hug everybody and then we would talk for a while. And I, and I heard some really, really powerful and heartbreaking and beautiful stories.


People's family members od people with addict parents, you know? Yeah. So I think for the person that had just seen me in chips Sure. They were a little confused by what was going on. Like, what is this? This guy, this guy from the movie, he's hugging everyone. He's talking for a really long time about chips. Well, It would make sense 'cause you're in a grocery store and it's like, maybe he's bringing back chip potatoes. Maybe it's chips two. And it's a tie in with potato chips. Back to that initial confusion over the title. Oh, And it. This hilarious thing started happening where people were bringing their babies and the babies kept getting younger and younger and we're holding the babies in the photos and bouncing the babies. And I'm playing with their toes. And I love babies.


Yeah. Babies. I really, I, I remembered how much I love babies on this trip. But the babies kept getting younger. And there was a moment where we were holding identical twins that were five weeks old. Oh. Did I send you a picture of that? No. If you did, I'm gonna pretend like you didn't. Oh, Right. right. now we, I won't know what I, okay. It's gonna be hard to navigate this And. we were like, well that's gotta be the youngest five weeks old. Nope. I held a baby that was two weeks old. What? And then our joke became, we're gonna hear a woman in labor in like the next aisle. And they were gonna hand us this hour Slippery baby. This baby's just born in this grocery store. Oh my God. Literally kissing babies. I felt like I was like maybe running for an office.


Yeah. So many babies that, and now I know that's the favorite part of their job. 'cause you get those little tiny little soft little babies. Yeah. And they all look so different. There's a great variety of babies. Even though they're all miniature. I wonder if I should say what? I think Some of the babies weren't attractive. Well, I didn't see any That wasn't Same. Oh, they were all very attractive babies. I'm sure they were very hot babies. Yeah. Hot, hot Babies. But sexy babies. They were very sexy. But yeah, of course. But I like babies once they're some months old, They feel too fragile for you. Knock on wood all the time when you're with them. I know they're not fragile. They just came out of a vagina and a vulva and they got yanked out of there, You know.


Oh, and they get handled like a chicken when they come out. Exactly. But I do think it, they're scary. you know, they're brand new. You don't know them yet. And it's like, who are they? They're strangers. And then I'm just gonna be honest, I don't think they're cute yet. Wow. don don't think they're cute until they're three months old. Hmm. And you know what's funny? Hot take. Very Hot take. Yeah. I know. I wonder if it's really gonna bite me. Well you now have the But it's, it's my truth. It's your truth. What a couple fights you've picked. Dog community. Huge. Thriving. Well organized, militant. And now the new moms community. Don't forget the Rhode Islanders. Oh, little Brother Energy And Arizona State.


Oh yes. But you've taken back. I have your, I have. I have. Because of that. One guy really turned it all around. That's all it takes sometimes is Yeah, that's right. One person's story. One vote can make a difference. Yeah. They don't like interact with you with their cute eyes and stuff until they're about three months. Well that's the challenge when you get this little 18 day old baby and you see if you can get a little reaction to startle it. Spook it. Yes. No I didn't. I didn't spook any of them. Can I tell you one funny thing? All the babies liked me a lot, but a lot. Most of these babies have been hearing my voice since they were in utero. They Think you're their dad. I am their dad. No. Oh right. That's a cult leader that thinks that. Yeah. I was like, oh, I'm starting on a great footing with these babies.


They've already heard my voice a bunch. Because when you first walk up too tall, too many drawings on his arm doesn't look right. Yeah. Scary. Then you hear the voice and all of a sudden goo gaga. Yeah. But also, you know, they can't really see colors yet. They only can see black and white at first. Are you sure about this? Yeah, I am. That doesn't feel right. It is. hold on. Newborn. See in black and white and shades of gray. But they can detect some color if it's highly saturated, relatively large. That's you. That's me. And a certain hue like red. You don't have red hair. My skin sometimes looks red. Okay. Speaking of that, sometimes I do think we look pretty orange.


Mm. And I wanna just tell the people I don't look that orange. In real life. Someone did mention that I was wearing too much makeup and I was like, maybe I got a little heavy handed with the bronze. Or wait, I didn't. That could have been. It's Not makeup. It's, It's the tint of the something's Happening that, that's making us look orange. I like It though. It's kind of I, Know I know you do And then I actually we warm and friendly. I know in my head, I was like, because before we started the show we were like all going through the video and making notes and stuff. And I was like, it's looking orange to me. And you were like, I like it. And I was like, Yeah, but we did change. And then we changed. But then I thought maybe you secretly told Rob to change back. I didn't do that. Right, Rob. Correct. You did not. Yeah. Yeah. I did not do that. We just naturally got Square on your baby.


Your swear my baby. We just got You want black and white. We just got naturally oranger. I think. I'm Not orange. It could be the count. I don't have a ton of integrity, but when there's a group vote, no I know. And I lose in this dynamic happens pretty frequently. I I I don't bring it back up. Okay. I accept my outvoted ness. I wasn't mad but I was like, Ooh, ooh. This is not looking. This looking a little orange for me. And I just wanna tell people that I want it to be more appealing to the half of the country. Well We've, we've slowly made some adjustments. Like the, even the book shelf lights are now on and they weren't when we did the color test. So there is going to be an adjustment.


Okay. Overall. Well, we might need to adjust again. I'd rather be looking too warm than too cold. I Know. But see this. Wow. We're about to get into something deep. Okay, great. Rachel. Yeah. Yeah. you know the world is used to lighting white people. Well, you know what I mean? Really though, like the same lighting for you is di is gonna look much different than lighting for me. Absolutely. And obviously when Kristen and Cheadle were in a scene together, it's almost impossible to light them. Yeah. To get Cheeto's face to be really bright and sharp. Yeah. Kristen would be blown out. Exactly. This is real And. we can't, because we all switch places and do, like I sit there sometimes.


I sit here sometimes, so we can't really Dial in Do perfect lighting. But I just in case any suitors, like it's mainly this is towards suitors. Just know you're not as orange. Yeah. It's not like something we're doing for Halloween or like fall an orange tint. It is what it is. And I don't look this way. And also, But you know, you do look this way 'cause everyone's saying you're so hot. Well Don don't. So if you do like it, I also don't look this way and be prepared. And, and if you see me in real life, It's so interesting to have three different looks potentially. 'cause we have what people thought we looked like in photographs upstairs. Now we're on video. And then you also have real life. Three versions. Yeah.


Oh my God. You remembered. Ding ding, ding. No completely. Or completely New thought. Okay. Completely new thought. But you'll see why I got here. I did my cognitive test yesterday. I'm Really glad you're bringing this up. I didn't mind too on Friday. You did? Yeah. Did you guys have your results back yet? No. I just did it yesterday. I didn't know there Were results. Okay. Oh yeah, there's results you'll get. I got mine yesterday. Dad got his results yesterday. I Did. What do you wanna brag about? Go ahead. Or are you not bragging? No, I'm bragging. Oh, Okay. I wanna say like, I'm trying to, I'm trying to frame this in a way where it's not repugnant that I'm gonna brag.


And the way I did that at home was to say it was very nice to hear with my childhood. Yeah. I like if a doctor, How many times though, are you gonna have to hear it Like you did the test for dyslexia? It's like, it's your scars and it was the same situation. You're super high, But your scars are still with you, right? No. Oh, I don't have, I, You feel beautiful. I don't have Any, any Total unanimous consensus. And it's not penetrating. I'm Totally fixed. Hmm. Okay. Wait. Okay, so I'm not there. So go ahead and I wanna know about your results. He was like, he was blown away. He's like, I I maybe 'cause I read dumb as well maybe, but No. What? Oh, you know, whatever.


Don't do all this. Just tell Us. Okay. Sorry. I was 99th percentile on two things and I was a hundredth in one. I set a record on the test. What was the one you, what was the hundredth, I'm guessing? Yeah. The thing I'm imagining I said a hundred on is when they would give me a letter and I would think of words. 'cause I was just blasting. Were you, I was rough on that. I did terrible At that. I think it's probably normal to be bad at that. But Part of it is, and I, I kept thinking about this after, 'cause this was my own self-defense where I was like, could this be test anxiety? Ah. Because there's a person there administrating the test. You're not on on your own. It's time. You say as many words that start with an F in a minute. Exactly. There's one section of the test where she goes away, the real life lady goes away and you're doing some pattern Yeah.


Recognition. And it's just on the computer and so no one's watching you. Yes. And I was really good at that. Yeah. And there was a part of me that was like, I think it has to do with feeling like I have to perform for this woman. Yes. Okay. So you think it was the Letters. Well, I, I made have made it made a mistake in all of this because I was well rested. it was ideal situation, blah, blah, blah. We hadn't recorded that day. I am almost thinking, well fuck, I'm just not gonna do as good on the test in two years and it's gonna look like I have Alzheimer's. But really it's just like I happen to have, I was on fire. it was that a good day. Yeah. I also struggle with this because the night before I had a girl's dinner at my house where I cooked and of course we had wine.


Yes. And I, and I was like, I thought about should I not have wine because I have this cognitive test tomorrow. Yeah. Then I was like, but that's dumb because I normally have wine. Right, right, right. So I wanna get the baseline, The real Baseline. And. then I did think, well that will be interesting if I do like take a big break from drinking and then take it again And then go, oh you have reverse Alzheimer's. Your brain's getting better and better and better. And. we don't know how to stop it. Okay. Okay. Well I'm proud. I'm proud of you. And I'm not surprised. I was really delighted. I think you probably did really good. Really, really good on, there's a section where she tells a story. Yeah. And you have to repeat back as many details as you can from the story.


And it like best case scenario, you're kind of saying your Football player verbatim, the football goes fishing and he gets bit, but he's still able to go and perform well. Yeah. He, his star quarterback, his Name think 17 stitches. 17. Oh, I think I said 14. it was on his left hand. Left ring finger. Yeah. He played for the Atlanta Panthers. I think he did better than me. And He was, well I did it yesterday. Oh, And it. He was still able to perform on Sunday against the Thrasher. And so I also had a, I had a leg up because there's no Atlanta Panthers and I know that there is Atlanta Thrasher though. That's the hockey team. Oh wow. So I knew a little more about Him. You feel like you had a regional advantage.


And he was the captain and the quarterback. I, I added captain in very last minute. She was like, is there anything else? And I was like, no. And then I was like, captain, I bet. Yeah. I think you did better than me at that one. I said, do you think this is nature or nurture? This is my job of three times a week learning everything I can about a person and a subject and then having to repeat it. And so much verbal practice. So much verbal dexterity. Just practice from talking so much. you know? Or is it my activity, I have noticed there's this, I think there's a suspicious level of clarity and alertness among talk show hosts as they age. Like stern still sounds 40 years old.


Letterman still sounds for like Yeah, I think the job has something to do with it must, it's Like any job. Yeah. I mean you're working a muscle and a skill as, and that's why after people retire often there's a huge drop off. Well, I thought about that. Yeah. Am might make you happy. Should think about I was like, well shit, if I'm not doing this job, am I gonna be in the 10th percentile? There's a lot to glean from these tests. Like they should do it midway through someone's career then at the end, then after retirement. Yeah. And like see what's happening. I'm nervous to get my results, but also I, I told her I was like, this is humbling.


And She was like, yeah. She's like, you have no idea. People get so mad people, she's like, I've had a lot of people leave in the middle. Sure. They're embarrassed. They're upset. They're upset. They think they're operating at a certain level. Did did you do Good at that drawing above average? Everyone thinks they're above average at everything. Yeah. These tests we learn. Yeah. What did you just say? What one, Remember the drawing one where you have to do like one A, two B. I liked that one. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I liked that one, but I fucked one of 'em up. Really? Yeah. I started going too fast and I missed one. So you might, you're gonna be a hundredth than everything. 'cause it sounds like you did better than me. No, I didn't. The one thing that I do know I did well at because I could see her surprise. And I think counting backwards, I think it was surprise because I was not good at the other ones.


Oh. I think people will find these interesting. So I'm gonna say what some of the games were. Yeah. Okay. So by The way, I had to have a talk with Dr. Richard Isaacson. He's like, how much are you gonna be talking about on the podcast? I was like, oh, very fair question. Let's talk. Yeah. Are we allowed? Yeah. Like what do you I go, you know it was introduced on an episode. Yeah. So it's like, so I said, it's funny enough I go, I Know. We'll talk about the cognitive tests. Yeah. She's like, oh yeah, that's fine. Okay. Yeah. There's like a se, this is like an hour and a half long thing. There's lots of different tests. And the first one, yes, she tells a story and you have to repeat back much as you can. Then there's like A list of random words, A list of random of five.


There's first she just does five mm. And then you do that and then later she does a list of 15 words. And then she, you come back to it later, like an hour later. Yeah. Oh my God. This morning I was trying to reremember, I was trying to see if I could do them today. Yeah, Of course I can do some. Should we try it? I did. I did so bad. I got like three I did When we found out Rob was too stupid to work with. With the beginning of, Well you probably had test anxiety. And Then I did and I didn't sleep well either. You do this thing where you find that out and then you start replaying every interaction you've ever had with Rob and you go, oh yeah, maybe that time is, maybe It's just 'cause he could only remember three words.


Yeah. But when they had them all listed on the grid. Yeah. I was able to get them all there. I got 'em all there too. I was pretty confident in that. Yeah. Okay. So there was one where she would give a list of numbers. She'd say 6, 8, 9. And you'd have to repeat them back in backwards order. 9, 8, 6. And then she kept adding numbers to that. Yeah. Until you made a mistake. And she said I did really well on that. Oh wonderful. So I was proud of that. Anyway. it was, it was interesting. Yeah, it was really interesting. I really actually, it was stressful. it was.


So by the time I was doing the patterns, I was like, I'm so tired. Another thing I think I did quite well on though. I don't know for sure, but I feel very confident that I got a hundred on the smell test. Oh yeah. And I certainly didn't. Did He tell you? No. Did you guys finish any tests early? I Finished the pattern one so early I had to wait five minutes, you know, 'cause they, because they On the computer. The one you draw on The computer. Yeah. They make you wait. 'cause they want enough time to pass before you do that original pattern thing. Oh Yeah. Yeah. I had to wait. I had to wait an hour. I think. What I, what About the ones from the ones from the lady? I don't know. What do you mean early? Well The color one, I had like an extra 15 seconds and she was like, oh, You've got 15 extra seconds. Oh, that's good. I didn't, I didn't, don don't think I had that.


I Didn't have that. I don't think I finished it. Were you supposed to? I mean, of course you were. But like I thought most people couldn't. Oh, so stressful. I wanna take it again tomorrow. I don't ever wanna take it again. I did good now I don't wanna touch it again. That's how we're very different in that way. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I wanna keep taking it until I am a hundredth in every One. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I have a good sense of like, sometimes you get lucky, don't mess with it. Yeah. Interesting. Yeah. Babies back to the Aaron trip. Yeah. Because I haven't given any review. Aaron and I, first of all, we slept at Gordon Keith's house. So fun of The pod, which was so fun. Friend of the pod.


We went up, Go back and listen in our Yes. Archive. Listen. Go in the archives. Also just sniff around the I Archives. Revisit stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Even if it's for two minutes. But we had a really fun dinner out with Gordon. He was such a good host. He picked us up at the bus and all. it was wonderful. We watched that first night. We started Kristen's show. Oh yeah. Nobody. Wants This First episode. Good. Like it second episode that kiss hits At the end of the episode. Yeah. Or, or Yeah. Oh my God. We love That. We were both like, oh my God, that's the best kiss scene I've ever seen in a show.


I put it at number one. Erin goes, is she ever kiss you like that? And I go, oh no, not at all. And Aaron's like, don don't know who I wanna be in this scenario. Him or her? Everyone. Everyone. We, you would've thought we watched the battle scene from like a gladiator or something. Wow. We, it was like an action set piece. It's a great scene. Holy cow. But that's also how we're different. Okay. It's such a good scene. And they have incredible chemistry. It was shot perfectly. Yeah. Everything was done perfectly. And the fact that they come back to it for a second hit at the end. See don don't even don don't remember that. Like they're gonna have their one big kiss. Yeah.


Then they, then they had it. Woo. That was something. Then they chat for a minute and they're like, okay, this is, Oh yeah, I, let's do one More. And they fucking do it again. Can't help them solve. Yeah. And Erin and I were both like, we're gonna watch this over you spray all day over and over again. We sprayed all this. You Like, fuck, I'm so glad I'm married to her. No, I am. I'm, I would've felt like that. I'm so well, I'm like proud of her. Yes. She killed it. I'm like, her flirt game in the first episode was so, Well that's what I'm about was about to say. Okay. So for me, like the kiss is great. The thing that was making my eyes like pop outta my head was the combo of, in the first episode, the dinner.


Yes. Well basically since when, since she walks into that party to when she gets in her car. Yes. There's like so much flirtation. Yes. From both of them. And it's done so confidently From both. They're both like so confident and it's so playful and there's so much banter And that for me is that Titillating. Titillating part. Yeah. More than the kiss for me. Yeah. So I was really proud of her. Yeah. Like she really nailed that whole thing. So I was so proud of her. I was, I was so impressed with how Brody handled that whole thing. Like the way he put it on her with the hand, the whole thing. I got it now with the hand.


Yeah. You guys, if you wanna go back and listen to our episode with Kristen And Adam, we, you know, we talk a lot about the show show Even if it's only for a couple minutes. Just listen. If you don't just listen for two minutes. And in fact, actually what you should do is go back in the archives and listen to all the episodes you've done with Kristen. And we've done one with Adam as well. So yes. If you wanna listen to two minutes of all of those be We would appreciate it. That'd be cool. Yeah, we would love that. Yeah. Get into our catalog even if it's just for two minutes at a time. Okay. Oh, okay. Anyway. Yeah. We had lots of fun. That's so good. Yeah. I'm glad. How was your trip to home? Oh, I, yeah, now it was my turn to act like I have no clue. I went home for a couple days.


it was nice. I saw some old friends, which was really nice. My my, I went to my brother's new apartment, which was lovely. Oh, How's that? Really nice. Okay. Really nice. And, and in a really cute area by the Brave Stadium, the area right around, it's called the Battery And. it has like all these restaurants and it's really cute. Yeah. So we walked to dinner and it was lovely and I don't think it was my best self. Okay. Which felt sad. It felt like a slip up because my parents came in the summer and it was, and my brother came and it was such a great trip.


Yes. It really was very good and important for me and like great. it was great. Yep. But then I just sort of like reverted. Well you're in your childhood bedroom. I'm not. Oh, I'm in, I mean I'm in the childhood house, but different bedroom because my brother took my bedroom obviously. Right. I also had a bug. Yeah, yeah, yeah. As we established, I got confirmation before I left. I was hanging out with this person, they were tired and I was like, oh, hope you don't have my bug. Yeah. And I was like, did you shit your pants as a joke? And they said yes. They Had. Yeah. Yeah.


So shit your pants bug. It was, yeah. Yeah it was. So I then I was like, oh my god, this bug is real. Yeah. It's rampant. And. it just linger. It just lingered that fucking thing. I think it's over. I think I'm over it now for real. Thank You. So anywho, I had that little bug still there, so I didn't, it was eating up all the energy, mental energy I had that normally goes to me being like Best self. Yeah. My best self. And so it ate all my best self parts. And so all that was left was my not so great self. Yeah. Now do you think you're, when you leave, your parents are hurt?


Or are they just like, oh, who cares? don Don't like thinking about it. Okay, let's not think about That because I'm sure, I'm sure they don't feel awesome. And also I think they'd rather me be there in bad As your Cranky self. Yeah. Which is also sad. Yeah. They'll take what they can get these, you Know, these parents parents. I Know. It's such a thankless job. I feel so bad for all of you. Well, Thank You. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, remember what Delta said the other day? Yeah. She's gonna name her child after you. That was So cute. We're driving down the road and she just announced I'm gonna name my daughter Monica. So cute. you know what? She's gonna name her son Dax.


Yeah. That came after. So you were first. Oh no. And if she has a boy. Okay. Yeah. Oh my God, she Is so cute. We'll have to retire at that point because it'll be too problematic for the children. But You know what could be so cute? They could take on the business, take It over and Then it would still be Jackson and Monica. Oh, that sounds good. Yeah. I like that. God, that sounds, it's probably like 45 years away though. Yeah, it's a while. Okay, let's do a couple facts. Okay. This is for Keegan. Keegan.


What fun. Yes. Oh my God. Also encyclopedic knowledge of comedy. Yes. Intimidatingly. So we were like, we could have had him on on a Thursday as an expert in comedy. Really? Truly And. we probably should have. Okay, so speaking of Kristen, he mentioned, because obviously they went to the same high school, he mentioned the goal yards. Oh. And he was like, don don't know if she was in that. Also Goal Yard is a group of generally young clergy in Europe who wrote satirical Latin poetry in the 12th and CER and 13th centuries of the Middle Ages. Okay. So I texted Chris in this morning. I said, for Keegan's fact check, he asked if you were in Goal Yard.


I guess it was something at your high school. And she said, yes, I dominated Goli Arts. Oh great. Yes. She was dominant. Yeah, she was dominant. And she said it was our singing group in high school that got to skip school and go perform at the Elks Lodge and stuff. Oh sure. Where I was trying to sell hugs, not drugs, advertisements. Yeah. You guys could have crossed paths there. Could have. Yeah. Probably Weird. I doubt she went to the South Lion Elks Lodge though. Well there's only so many and they have to get outta school a lot. That's true. So maybe, okay. Spaghetti Junction. I got a little nervous that I was wrong about Spaghetti Junction, but I think I'm right. Spaghetti Junction is a name given to the intersection of Interstates 85 and 2 85.


It's like where everything's crossing and it's a big junky mess. It's a big spaghetti. Speaking of, Oh, It took us an hour and 50 minutes to get from the airport to my parents' house. Oh my gosh. Wow. And I Think that's part of what happened. And I got a little off kilter from that. That's like the time I landed in Austin and sat in line for the rental car for longer than my flight to Texas was. Yeah. That was rough. It's hard to re abound from that. It's It is. It really is. Yeah. It sets the tone. Traffic Traffic was just so fucking night marriage. It's so bad in Atlanta. So bad. Oh. Which leads me to my next fact.


Oh great. Which is, what are the 10 cities with the worst traffic in the world? In the world? Yeah. Oh wow. This is from US News Top five gotta be in China. No. Well, let's see. Okay. Palermo is number 10. Miami is number nine. Oh, Philadelphia number eight. Okay. Toronto. Number seven. The thing is, a lot of these places have public transport, which makes it easier. Yeah. Six is Bogota, Columbia. That sounds right. Five. New York City. Four Boston. Yeah. Infamously bad traffic.


The big dig. Oh my God. Supposed to get rid of that Three. Paris Never driven in Paris. I can't say that. I've driven in Paris. Two Chicago. There We go. Oh wow. Traffic's so bad. There's construction always everywhere. Wow. That's how Detroit is. I think it's 'cause of the freezing and thaw. It's so hard on the road. The road are shit. It just cracks them to shit. No one's gonna like what I'm about to say, but I don't trust this list. Okay. Because Oh wow. It's fine. I Know. Put the hat on. Now it's turned hat. Now it's turned. Because number one's London And, that means LA's not on it. And there's no way. Well there's no way.


So on the US list, yeah. LA is six US traffic list. But still, I can't believe there's nothing in Asia. I did this, did this report include Asia? Doesn't say maybe it's phobic. Maybe it's my own xenophobia. I've seen some Shanghai traffic jams that seem like, oh you'd have to get outta your car. And what About India? Fucking India are a billion. You Kidding me? A billion people. I mean, how many, Yeah, over a billion. Yeah. 1.3 maybe. Okay. Same source. US news for us is saying Chicago, number one. Boston, New York City, Philadelphia, Miami, Los Angeles, San Francisco.


Washington. Houston, Atlanta. Mm. Wait, There's no way Atla. Oh, Atlanta and Houston are tied for delay hours, but It's 2022. Could have gotten worse. Maybe I Just, maybe there was a big issue. Or just movies are moving There. Is there a president in town or something? don don't know. Could have been a marathon. No, It's always like it's un there. It's, it's always like, like that. Okay. Yeah. Okay. I just think in my head it's LA number one, Atlanta number. Shit. Anywhere you go. New York. Number three. Austin number five. No, Austin's pretty good. Oh, it can be rough.


It Can be, but not like this. Yeah. That's what I was like. This is such an extreme. Yeah. And also in LA it's, it's the amount of miles you're going Which is very small. Exactly. You're In the car front. Yeah. You're never going more than eight miles. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's kind of crazy. Yeah. When you map, when you, I always good job on MapQuest like maybe 'cause they were first win. I still say I gonna, you still say that? I do. I still say I'm gonna map Quest something. Which is so interesting. Wow. Yeah. I never say I'm gonna Yahoo something or any of these other. Right. But yeah, I'll say I'm gonna map. So when I map Quest, any location in LA it's always like seven miles 56. Exactly.


And you're, this is nuts. At some point I could walk seven miles in an hour. I know I kept up my pace. That's the motorcycle. It's a got its savior. Yeah. That's nice for you. Okay. Is Spanish longer than English? Spanish text. So you know that would translate is about 20 to 30% longer than English. Mm. Okay. The Milford panther. Oh, I can't believe you've outed your friend. Well I didn't say any names. Where are Panthers? Indigenous Panthers are native to Africa. Asia, central and South America and Florida. Florida Panther.


We talked about it now. Heavily mixed with the Texas Panther. That's right. We did talk about that. Yeah. On another episode, listen to all our old episodes if You want. Yeah. Go back. Even if it's just for a couple minutes, just start 'em up and then switch to another one. Okay. Where did Brian Tyree Henry go to college? 'cause I said, oh, didn't he go to Julliard? He went to Yale. To Yale. Lupita, who's a previous episode. Yes. If you wanna go back. Yes. Enjoy Bryant. She Princeton or Yale. I think she's Yale. Yeah, Yale. Is she? Yeah. I thought she was Stanford. No, she was either Yale or Princeton, but I think Yale Y. Yeah. And then also Paul Giamatti. Yale go back in the archives.


No, he's Harvard. No, He went To Yale drama. Yale. Yeah he did. He did. He did with Edward Norton. Yeah, Junior. I almost said. Oh, She went to Yale Joy. Okay. So if you wanna listen to all our Yale guests, I mean you could go back in Norton Archives, Paul Giani, Edward Norton, Paul Giani, joy Bryant, Brian Tyree Henry. We Haven't had 'em yet. Yeah, but we want to. Yeah. Not to mention our experts. Yes. Anderson, Cooper. Claire. Dan Cooper. Anderson Cooper. Oh right. Oh, Claire Danes. C Daes. That's in the archives. That is deep. You gotta go back deep in that. Yep. Listen to a couple minutes of it and then two plus Listen to like approximately two to three minutes.


Anyway, that's all. Keegan was awesome. He's so delightful. So much energy. Yes. So fast thinking. Such an interesting story. I adore him. Me too. Perfect. Podcast guest. Yeah. Yeah. He's an easy one. Yeah. Like A Bobby Lee. Yeah, True. That's a great episode. Check it out. A couple minutes Of it in the archive. You just wanna like just two minutes. I love


Follow Armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


In a quiet suburb, a community is shattered by the death of beloved wife and mother. But this tragic loss of life quickly turns into something even darker. Her husband had tried to hire a hitman on the dark web to kill her, and she wasn't the only target because buried in the depths of the internet is the kill list. A cache of chilling documents, containing names, photos, addresses, and specific instructions for people's murders. This podcast is the true story of how I ended up in a race against time to warn those whose lives were in danger. And, it turns out convincing a total stranger someone wants them dead is not easy. Follow kill list on the wander at or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to Kill List and more Exhibit C, true crime shows like Morbid early and ad free right now by joining Wondery. Plus, check out exhibit C in the Wondery App for all your true crime listening.