
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple. Podcasts Or. you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan. She and I'm joined by Lily Padman. Hi. Hi. Nice sweater. Thank. You. I, you know, I don't, hold on. I. think it got a little Squashed A. little bunched up. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta really mind your posture when you're wearing a I and I have bad posture. Garment of that quality. Sorry. My strength training is gonna, you'll really gonna be able to start seeing it. 'cause eventually I'll be sitting there I. hope you start like your, your position is like fucking jacked bro, while you're talking.


Yeah. Like. silly This. Yeah. I. just want to go back to that What were you saying about the childhood? Okay. Today's episode is a fun one. Okay. 'cause it's Kristen. Bell. Yeah. And Adam Brody. Yes. you know them both don don't have to tell you. They're both actors. They're both producers. They're both so good looking. Very They. have a new show coming out. September 26th on Netflix. Nobody Wants This. But everyone's gonna want this. That's the irony. Yeah. It's so ironic. It's deliciously ironic. Yeah. Oh the chemistry. So Please enjoy Kristen Bell And Adam Brody


If. you love iPhone. You'll love Apple Card. It's the credit card designed for iPhone It gives you unlimited daily cash back that can earn 4.40 annual percentage yield when you open a high yield savings account through Apple. Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners. Subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank. USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC. Terms and more at Apple Card dot com


We are sponsored by Audible. A great story can really spark your imagination. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. There's more to imagine when you listen. I live for Audible as you know. Every single night I'm listening to Audible before I go to bed. I'm just slowly educating myself without any effort. Sometimes I like having it in paperback and listening to it at the same time. On Audible. Yeah. So I can go back and forth. I am currently listening to the entire works of Doky and it's gonna take me quite a bit of time to go through 'em all. and I can't wait. And as an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. New members can try Audible for free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash dax. Or text Dax to 500 500.


He's in. Do you read Chernow? Here's Sit on Monica's face. Yeah, just sit on my face. Rub your, rub yourself on Monica's face. What did Cherna do? I know the name but what He did Titan the Rockefeller biography. He did the best grant biography. He does biographies, in my opinion. He does the very best biography. No. Oh, they're so fucking good. If you like Larson Titan's, my all time favorite nonfiction book, the Rockefeller biography.


It's insane. So you already know this, right? Or do non-car guys know this Adam that VW and Audi are the same thing. I Thought VW and Mercedes were the same thing. Is that not the case? No. Mercedes, it's its own thing. And then the VW group is Audi Lamborghini. I figured that was Italian Originally. And then bought by the VW Group slash Audi. Whatever VW you had. There's an Audi version. It's the same frame. And it. It's the same base. Yeah. Yeah. Well You know what you like. I wanted electric. That was number one. And then number two is something big enough for the kids. It's still a little small in the back, but whatcha gonna do? Do you guys have animals? We Got a dog. Small or big?


Medium. Like 30 pounds. You said that like you'd weighed him within the last week. She just turned a year old. There was a debate when we got her. I wanted to about a 30 pound dog. We all did. That was was the Goal. And? that was the goal. I mean I used to have a 55 pound dog. My wife had a six pound dog. We had em together. And, we kinda wanted to blend them. We're like, we'll take the best of both worlds. And yeah, when we got her, the person there who didn't seem that knowledgeable of it was like, I think she'll be 45 pounds. and I was like, I'll take it. But we kind of don't want that. and I'm gonna take a flyer and I just think that you won't be that big and she's not. Okay. Wonderful. You're the first person I've ever heard of that was shopping for a weight in a dog. Really? Yeah. What else do people Not usually weight class.


Right? Well there's other things too. Wasn't the only thing. Are you gonna fight her or something? She's gotta be in a certain bracket. No, but We've got a rough little boy. She's gotta be able to take a punch. Sure. And at the same time, you know, have the confidence to not bite back. And at the same time, the thing about a bigger dog is like the mountains of crap and dog food more than anything. Just that. But I do think people go breed first. They have like a breed they're looking for. Well I had that too. I wanted a, I would've said mu, but I was told that we say a mixed breed now. Well hold on it. I know. I know Mu. The muts are mat Mutt is canceled. Mutt is officially canceled. Will you describe the human that told you that? Or is there a way to do it artfully and respectfully? I don't know. I would say a 60 something woman at the unofficial dog park.


Dog on leash, But, everyone goes off leash situation. Oh so it's Like a little loosey goose. And they're even saying it. What's that? I know what you are thinking in your head as the type of person but off leash doesn't seem like that. It Already Filtered whether or not that is true. And that's where we should go. And I'm not saying it's not right. I wouldn't have taken upon it myself. She asked me what kind of dog it was. I wouldn't have then corrected a person. It's crazy And. it really does illuminate. One of my main issues with people who are advocating for other people who did not request it. This would be the apex of that. Like certainly no dog ever whispered in their owner's ear. Like this is very derogatory and demeaning. and I sometimes Can talk.


Now you taught me that. That's true. They can talk with buttons. With buttons. Oh. yeah. You were telling me about that. It's really impressive. Some of 'em do. Whole sentences. Whole sentences. Yes. And also concepts. There's a dog named Bunny Online that I follow a lot of her work. Mixed messages. And she, Monica, she will wake up in the morning and say to her owner night thought, afraid. and I said I don. I swear to God. and I believe it. Obviously the owner, you're understanding she's biased. She's coming to the conclusions. But they'll talk about did she have a nightmare? Or Bunny will say something about outside excitement and there will be like a bunch of squirrels that the owner will notice.


There are some pretty shockingly high level concepts that Bunny is creating on her. 70 word. Okay, That gonna be my follow up Question. How many choices? The woman who made the panel had the whole English language at her disposal and she did choose to do terror night. And what was another one? Thought? Yes. No, but obviously there's outside, there's poop, there's P, there's love play. Yes Play. The dog will randomly say I love you. And then come up and put her head in the owner's lap. Like there's some high concept stuff. I'm just saying don't knock it until you've seen the evidence. Oh, because I have seen the evidence. Yeah. I have a bigger question. Can you say button again? Yeah. You hit it hard.


When I I Know when I was in high school, I said button and kitten like it was a, because we don doing Thing. You intentionally affecting it to have fun. Like with Bob or Something? No, it was natural. And then now I intentionally try not to draw attention to it. and I can say button. Okay. But it takes real effort. Not real effort. It just reminds me, don't say that word that sounds stupid to everybody else. Is basically the effort. It takes me a lot of effort to say the word sixth. I gotta, There's a lot. Throw that out there. Yeah, I get that. That's not an easy word. How about sth? The thing they Cut sth? No, I can say that except I always thought it was sth. Likely Is Adam. Or Wait, do you know this about Dax? Do you know about the words he perpetually mispronounces and actually can't do Ds?


There's an Asian type of food that we like. Vietnamese. Vietnamese. Vietnamese. That's Good. You sound like my son. There are some that he actually cannot sons for. Pronounce he wants to go to the arcade and he calls it the arf cave. Oh That's really a lot of the things they say should be called the thing. There're mixing up like Aade sounds way more fun. Arf Cave or it is an arf cave. Oh. yeah, absolutely. It's a cave-like thing. It's environment. So I get It. It's a den. ALF's cave. A bicycle is like, those are bikes you can run say bike. But then a motorcycle was a mobi though. A mobi low. I like that hun. What did the girls call a guitar? Decar? One of them said it and I never corrected them. And currently sometimes they'll go pick up that Decar.


Ugh. Guitar. And now it's like my fault 'cause I never corrected them. it was too Cute. Oh I know there's a lot of things Leighton's like don't tell him. Yeah You can't. Right. Let 'em find out in eighth grade when they're trying to impress somebody. Yeah. Dakar. There's a couple whammies Lincoln Used to say I'm going to the or port to go on an eighth Fin. Yeah. Yeah. A big trip was pending. Yeah. First of all, Adam, welcome in 3D. Thank You. This is my second podcast I've ever done in person. What Was the other, You guys know Tyler Levine? Oh? yeah. This was like 10 years ago and he had a podcast when they were just getting started. Head Of the curve. And then you did us on Zoom. The in persons are so much better. I love A headset.


Oh God. He so buttery. Sounds so great. Yeah. When you would have to go out on the road, what was the thing that you first had to go on press tours for? Was it the oc? Probably. And when they send you to cities and you'd have to do local radio. Did you have that phase? I did Loveline. I was in the love line at the time. Oh. yeah. And then when the OC came out, Peter Gallagher and I, I'm like, let's do Loveline And. we did it And. that was a nice experience. Did You say anything dicey? I didn't say anything in hindsight. I was just young and inexperienced and it was all the older guys talking. Was It Corolla and Dr. Drew? Yeah, It was original. Oh Cheez. Oh That's great. But back to radio. They'd send us to the radio station. And love, let's stay off our phone just for the duration of the interview. Boy. Yeah. Looking at my talking points for the show.


Aw, That's nice. She's doing her job. Trying to remember what we're here to talk about. I'll Remind you because it's not cars or dogs or Well tell me about it. We're All that'll be edited out. Don't worry. Thank. You. We're not ever here to talk about It. I just wanted to memorize the log line. Okay, Well I'll give you plenty of chance to do that. And a radio station is always like Doug and Mike in the zoom morning. and I liked it so much. and I think 'cause of the headphones and I remember thinking like I think I prefer this to acting. I like to do this. I might too. Have you ever taken a swing at a podcast? No. I don't think I'd be great at it, but I'd certainly enjoy it. Yeah. And do you have fear? 'cause it's already a punchline in so many things. Ding ding, ding. This is on topic for the show.


This is gonna be a nice segue, but do you have a fear that if you did it at this point it would be embarrassing? Not Embarrassing, don don't have that burning subject or expertise that I feel like the world needs, number one. Okay. And number two, I do wonder and I know you've transitioned a lot. It's like at what point does it detract from your acting, your sort of air of mystery? I'm very mysterious. Well In my case it killed it outright So. yeah. I think that's a legitimate fear. Exposure is part of it I think. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You certainly have enough opinions to start a podcast. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. You have so many. Some of 'em are very cranky. We Were just talking outside and she's like, you absolutely can't say that ever. Oh now we Absolute have to know what it's, You particularly cannot know what it is. Why it's about Indian people.


No Kristen. No look, it's just we're about to go on this press tour and we're Getting out all the naughties. They're not even naughties. They're just like let's keep each other in check and let's have fun while We do this. But I can say even outside of the topic of this show, I would listen to your podcast 'cause you have so many cranky opinions that interest me even when I vehemently disagree with them. Which I tell you, they're fun, cranky opinions to listen to Love. Can you think of top three on set? They come out right? Yeah. Yeah. Downtime on set. Yeah. None that I can think of. We get into like in-depth conversations about the state of the world or parenting or topics that are hot in the media. And Adam's always got a hot take that I'm like wait what? Explain this to me.


How long have you guys known each other? I can remember where I met you I think. Which is the That's right. Scream something Premier or not premier but Scream Four which we were both in. We went to a screening and then I was in Kevin's car. My agent, your friend. And then you rode in his, not his trunk, but he like had a little bit of a backseat. I rode in His trunk. Yeah. 'cause he had like a two seater Mercedes and somehow you got in the back, you give your ride to like some sort of after party or something. Scream Four was what year? 2010. Oh wow. That late way back. Certainly Before we had kids, some girls and House of Lies. But way before House of Lies. Because I was friends with one of your exes and you don't think we ever No, I absolutely remember because I went to your apartment.


Oh wow. There we maybe you weren't there when you lived in that like at a loft. Yeah. Industrial loft. Yeah. Cool. But here's what I'm remembering. Maybe you weren't there and maybe just us three girls were there. That makes sense. I'm dying to know who the girls were. Rachel, right? Rachel. It would've been Rachel And. it would've been Nicole. Nicole Chavez. Yeah. Yeah. We love both very much. Yeah. Circling back, why me in particular? Can't hear you gotta get this. Not a hangup. I'll tell you after the show sometimes. And this is what I enjoy about Adam so much because also it echoes what I enjoy about Dak so much. They have controversial thought processes. I'm not gonna say opinions 'cause they're not gonna like do anything with the opinion, but they bring up, I see counterpoints that are very interesting that are against the grain.


And I'm curious what your kink is just for one second. Yeah. I know what my kink is about that. Do you know what yours is? I find it really challenging. We're watching Chimp Crazy last night. Yeah. Yeah. We love it. Have you seen it Almost dipped in last night? Had to finish the loop. Pearlman Zocdoc. Oh Perfect. But you know the woman that they're profiling is deplorable on all accounts. you know she's torturing these chimps and they come to take 'em all away the feds to bring 'em to a nicer place and she absconds with one, right? And then she's embroiled in accusations and lawsuits from peta and she's clearly lying and hiding. She's kind of monstrous And. it ends and I say to the kids, we're all watching together and I go. As terrible as that woman is, I have to say, if you guys were going to be taken, I would lie to everybody.


I would hide you. I would do anything. I can accept and believe. She loved that chimp the way I love you too. And so her actions, although icky and the results are bad, I understand the humanness that's happening. and I too would do anything to keep you and hide you. So like I just enjoy making myself and I guess it would be true empathy where it's like I force myself to imagine I'm them. 'cause I have to kind of make sense of why they're doing what they're doing. And for me to make sense of it, I have to find the thing I believe in that's motivating them. Yeah. You have A very non-virtuous signaling empathy about you. Whereas you actually have to hear the opinion you're spouting twice to really digest that. Oh you're really are trying to understand this woman from a fundamental human point of view.


Yes. And although things on the right scare me and things on the left scare me, what scares me much more than left right. Or politics or positions are not really understanding why someone did what they did. That's the scariest thing for me is that I would not really understand what someone's motivation was. 'cause that would open me up to get blindsided. What's An example of that? It's just you'll hear someone did X, Y, and Z and my first thought is, what was the story in their head that made sense and was ethical? Let me grant them that they are ethical or that they're not a monster or they're not evil. So then what is the story they told themselves that was defendable in their head? I, I have to find out what that is. I don't accept that they're just bad or evil and out to do bad things.


I need to know what it was they thought they were doing correctly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because I think if I don't understand that then I can't guess what anyone's gonna do. Weirdly, the world's scarier. Obviously you're an armchair psychologist more than maybe anything else. But do you know why you like to take kind of a, There's two things. I think there's a bit of a Larry David Seinfeld esque kind of crank at some customs that I find outdated or pointless inefficiency. And this is a champagne problem so forgive me. Yeah. But like I don't want 10 freezing pieces of cutlery on the airplane. I'll just do a knife and fork one is fine. you know, I'm not literally cranky about it. But I have a lot of that. And then I think the other thing, I don't mean it in a self-aggrandizing way.


I fall really short in any activism or real changing the world is very little. But you know, in terms of my opinions, I do swing really left the backlash to woke ism. I kind of have an argument against all of it. The backlash to woke ism. Like people that are in a moral panic about cancel culture. Yes. You wanna say to those people, You're throwing the baby out with a bath water. You've lost the forest through the trees. Okay. And of course there's excesses. There's excesses on all sides in any large movement. But if that's your north star as a comedian, as an artist, as a political commentator, then you fucking lost the plot. More good has been done than bad. It's tangible to me.


The difference on a set now and 10 years ago, five years ago is so different and so much more positive to me that I think for sure people have been too harshly punished. We're figuring it out. But comedians who are like, this is my thing, this is why I'm gonna vote this way, this is my main subject. I just think he'll all die on the he'll. All die on. I think there are so much bigger fish to fry and I find it suspect. Okay. Very fair point. I agree. Can I just propose one thing though that we probably would agree on? Do you agree how our judicial system is designed and set up, which is it works under the premise that it would be much better to let a guilty person go than to ever incarcerate an innocent person.


Hence innocent until proven guilty. That's not my opinion. That's the crux of our judicial system. You Gotta get 12 to agree that they're guilty and one can And. we Jury And, we walk in going they're innocent. Yes. And now this group has to prove they're guilty. Yes, yes, yes. Because we agree in theory that it would be worse to put an innocent person in prison than to let a guilty person go. Yes. I personally don't feel like I'm on either side of those options of wom or woke. But I think if you can find purchase in that belief, which is we can't put innocent people in jail. You could maybe build upon how someone might feel righteous about pushing back against people getting canceled. Because you're right, it's done a lot more good than it has done bad.


And also people have gone through the grinder that didn't deserve to. Sure. So if you are already locked into this kind of belief that that's the worst outcome that innocent people get destroyed. Yeah. But I think it's cumulative at the end of the decade. How many are we talking and what category? It's a war. And so for me it boils down to you have a utilitarian view of it, which I totally respect. The net of it all at the end is a huge progress in betterment, right? Yeah. I'm for progress. I'm happy we have these institutions and this philosophy, but I only care about it in as much as it achieves the goal. These aren't gifts from God, they're just human constructs and whatever gets us there. So What you're saying is a very utilitarian point of view and it's very valid.


And then the other one's more of a Conan point of view, which is the ends do not justify the means. So just because you get the outcome you want doesn't mean that it's justified how we got the outcome. So these are two very defendable points of view in life. There have been philosophers that have been split across the board on these two approaches. My main issue beyond all those little micro issues themselves is those are legitimate stances. Yours is a legitimate stance. And the Conan view is a legitimate stance. The fact that either of you have to position yourself as evil or bad. That's my reigning issue with our society is that to have a difference, even though both are pretty legit, you're bad or not good or impure or evil, I am okay with a difference of opinion there.


We can have a talk as long as we're agreeing that global warming is real And, we're gonna do something about it and let's talk about how to make society better. Anyway, this is all let's not waste time. It's interesting going down this Road. I just think, think when you're in a philosophy class and the room gets divided into these two things, I think that everyone should feel rooted and convicted about their opinion. But I don't think they should feel superior. But in a philosophy class we can debate And. it can be very Abstract. Exactly. It's very abstract. These are real issues. Real people with real consequences. We have to acknowledge that 'cause everyone in this room is so privileged and it's easy to from above debate.


But when you're affected it's much, much different. and I think we can forget about that sometimes when we're doing this Also, it doesn't have to be an either or. The good place was entirely about philosophy and I feel like they taught us so much. And that's why moral particularism was essentially invented D's. Moral particularism is that you do not have to be one. 'cause the main permanently in can the are utilitarian and communism. And you don't have to choose either one. You can actually look through the framework of both on any particular issue and be a moral particularist, which is side on either one, depending on whatever One it's called. For the Circumstances. Yeah. To a person you can disagree a lot. and I think I'll be nice and respectful and it's just like in the aggregate and with a big election on the line that's so pivotal.


That's the either aura of it. I mean how can it not be divided? right now it's very good to take a breath and try to walk it back and at the same time so much is on the line. It is really important and it's more than just a matter of opinion. And I'm not walking around morally superior again. I said what has by contribution been very little. So believe me, We share that in common too. I think the two most opinionated people in the room probably have done the least amount in the room. Okay, so you went to his apartment but he likely wasn't there. I think he wasn't there. I'm actually positive he wasn't there. Do you remember if you saw the OC and you had a crush on Adam at any point? Wow.


I've Do It. Never seen. Oh, any episode We were going another on The oc. Now did I have a crush on Adam? Of course everybody did. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I actually, this Is all that matters. First part's irrelevant. Well Get the first part out. I have never seen an episode of the oc. I've never seen an episode of Veronica Mars. Oh That's a tragedy. That one hurt. Oh my my God. That one hurt you sad. That Hurt. Yeah, a little bit. That one is amoral actually. She's fine. She's a push. But having not watched Veronica Mars is kind of amoral this Problem. I was reticent to admit that because I had so many friends on it. I was really close with Rachel. I still am. Nicole is one of my closest. Can I defend you?


Yeah. You were in your twenties, you weren't watching a ton of tv, you were out doing life And so were you, Were you watching a bunch of shit in your twenties? I certainly wasn't. I wasn't In watching a bunch of high school shows. I was going to the Sunset five. Oh of course. Watching an art house movie. Yeah. And you liked the Sopranos. I hope Uhoh. I've never seen an episode of The Sopranos. But it's a goal. I'm not proud of that. That's not a stance, that's an oversight. That's a missed opportunity. Okay. So I've never seen the OC but I adored Adam. Of course. Of course. Yes. Everybody did. Everybody does. and I continue to, I hadn't seen it either. My first time seeing Adam on screen was Thank You for smoking. Oh my God. And of course I knew of you very famous when you were on billboards all over the city I lived in and I was like that guy that I know is on a TV show is quite good.


Is really good. You were exemplary in that movie. I appreciate it. Thank. You. It's one of the performances of that era for me that has held up. Most haven't, you know, most I can't really stomach, but that one I think still wears Well. Adam I just watched 'cause we did a 20 year anniversary for without a Paddle and I watch with the kids and I was sitting next to them and I realized many times, oh my God, loosen your muscles. I was just like, I was so tight. I like, oh here's that scene where I do that. Dang. And I'm so bad at it. Yeah, I know the feeling. Okay, so then the first time you would've met, wait, Can I make a critique about myself in the show we just did. 'cause I just saw the episodes. It's small but in real life with my wife, we're cuddly. It's a natural and easy way to build connection when you have a romantic partner on screen.


Anyways, my hand is glued to your shoulder, almost gets like a tick. Watching this episode, I'm like put your hand down a little bit because, because It was too much. Every time you're within arms length of me, the hand goes on the shoulder and while it's mostly good and I think effective for me, I would just dial it back. What percentage? 20% less 30. Wow. That's harsh to yourself. I bet you never noticed once here Adam's got his hand on my shoulder again. No, right. Not one time. No. And if anything in the show is the absolute home run of the show is the connection of you two. So I don't know about you, it's the hands seeking the thing that works best about the show is a weird Position. Just dialing it in. Just dialing it in. That's all. It's Is it Fine?


Is it because it looked too lovey-dovey or because it looked false? Neither. It just almost seemed like a tick. Like an acting crutch. Ah. you Know, like a cigarette, which I Guess would be false. Didn't look too lovey-dovey didn't look unnatural. you know, an actor hands in the pocket is too much or something. I'm just like, this is my now comfortable resting state. It's becoming a crutch. Interesting. It could be a drinking game for the It Is definitely a drink. Oh That would be fun. There could be some subtext there though that would actually be really sweet. Which is maybe you are like stabilizing yourself, which would show a lot of confidence in you. Like I'm just gonna lock into you. You seem very convicted about everything you Did. Let me, Me pour myself to you basically.


I never noticed the hands on the shoulder, but I'll tell you what a cool drinking game could be. So Adam did this thing in the second episode that when we kiss, he always goes for the face to truly almost anatomically stabilize the head. Sure. But it doesn't come across false at all. It comes across so romantic And everybody noticed it. The first time we did that scene out on the street, the whole video village was like, oh my goodness. And. it wasn't because two people, well I mean it was because two people were kissing that you were like, oh get together. But it was also because he just does this kind of delicate hand on the face thing and I went back into video village and I'm like, make sure every time We do a kissing scene, he's got his hands on my face.


And he did cute. And he did it naturally. And you can definitely do a drinking game because it's hands, Hands on the Face, kiss, hands on the face, kiss. Wow. Beautiful. No, the hands on the face. I like no complaints there. It's Wonderful. Hands on the face when, let's rewind to face. Maybe met at Scream, maybe not. But you were definitely on house a lot together. We Definitely met on Scream, not on the set, but When I was in the trunk. Yeah. And A scream Screaming. A scream screaming Oh. Yeah. Gosh I have such a terrible memory because then you did House of Lies. You did some girls first. I believe we've worked Together so many times. Yeah. Some girls. The Neil LaBute So. yeah. it was a play that we did a movie of. Yeah. Yeah. So I hung out at his apartment when he wasn't there. I was friends with his ex-girlfriend. This we Tracking it. I'm so sorry. You are in a Neil Le Butte movie. Yeah.


Hi. Well Kristen. Well Hey, what's going now? We're sitting here to be Fair Shoulders Kristen. I think you just remembered that. So the first time Touche Monica, It was not directed by him. Right. But a script. it was a Yeah, yeah, yeah. A play called Some Girls About a guy who revisits five of his previous love interests. We just talked about this on the show Somehow. Right. I'm pretty sure an actor was in it that we interviewed on the play Some Neil You Thing. And then I think I was Yeah, Paul Rudd was in it. Yeah. Well I think he did the play. I'm saying it was a really good movie. No, Paul Red did the play of Reasons to Be Pretty, which is another Neil Abuse. Oh. And then he was in the movie of, I forget but like year old Rich Ma Four. Yeah. That's Reasons to Be Pretty Or was it Fat Pig?


Not Fat Pig. Thought it Was some Girl not our words. Yeah, I muffled I was like not Fat Pig. Well, reasons To Be Pretty was one of my favorites for sure. You can fact check it. But I think that's what he was in. Some girls is slightly lesser known, but it was a very fun little Indian, sorry To go back to this, a poll. But she keeps making him get more like racial advice keeps, makes him get more plastic surgery. Yeah, that's really good. That's reasons to be pretty. Yeah. Yeah. It was good. I saw it on Broadway. it was wonderful. Okay, So back to House of Lies or did you kiss in the Neil LaBute thing? I kind of tried to like assault you a little bit. Oh. I think it's like I'm trying to kiss you and you don't what And, we kind of wrestle Oh. yeah. And spoilers. The character is on a tour. The eve of his wedding, five ex-girlfriends, he's a writer.


He kind of wrote a book that was semi-fictional but also not at all about them. They're all a little sore about it. And he wants to meet 'em all and just see what went wrong and what he did. Even though he takes no accountability. And in the end he sees Kristen's character, she's the last one. And he decides he really likes her and wants to be with her. and I think tries to kiss her and apologize and she won't have it. And they kind of wrestle. Oh. And then a wire comes out, turns out he's like been wired and he is been recording everyone. I gotta see this Movie. It Sounds so good. I mean, and then, you know, I don't remember any of this Then House of Lies. So then House of Lies. And you guys hook up in House of Lies as well. That I do remember. And how did you put it so delicately? Well you were like 12 months pregnant and a half months pregnant. you know, it's us together and your child between us And then lots of humping.


You called it something very special. I did what you called it Our threesome. Oh, Okay. Yeah. I asked that only to ask. Do you remember if he grabbed your face And that, 'cause what I'm wondering is, is it muscle memory or is it new to each character? Was their face grabbing don? Don't think your face was huge. I, I wanna say there was And. it wasn't Go Ahead. I don't think there was For two reasons. Number one, it was a very different relationship. The concept of that show was like these high level, high net worth individuals. I was the heir to a dildo factory. Yeah. Even though I was like a Sweetish guy. That's another through line for us, which we'll get to in a second. Is Dildos. Oh. yeah. It's her second time in a dildo shop together. Which is A strange thing for two actors to say, don don't think there was any face and hand interaction.


It was like it wasn't that sweet. It wasn't romantic. Also, I'm sure you remember I was a very big girl. The reach was just too long. Were you able to get Your arms all I I live long arms. I have long arms. Okay. I don't know what stage you were at pregnancy wise but enormous. You seem Small. I shouldn't say I appreciate that. 'cause I also don't care how much weight I gained during pregnancy, but I think I was very different shape. Let's Just say this. I think we can say Hundredth percentile for gaining weight. Exactly. I was gonna gaining weight like 90th percentile. Really? Yeah. She Gained 40, I gave 47 pounds both pregnancies. And just as a side note, I ate totally differently during the pregnancy. So it was very clear that that's what my body wanted to have on it. And there was one point during House of Lies that's Virtually 50% of your body weight. You did? Yeah. So I think it Where they shrunk my face digitally, but it was before they actually had good CG to do that.


My, and there are a couple scenes where I look like when someone draws a picture of an alien and their foreheads really big within their cheeks go really, really like They shaped like a light bulb. Yes. And that's how I was shaped in a few scenes. Not only Were you shaped like that, your face was changing pretty dramatically. Framed a frame. So. yeah. A lot was happening. A Lot was happening. They Were fixing that Happening. But we got through it and it was fun. it was, it was lovely. it was to have you. it was And. we shot at that very strange, enormous dildo factory And. we were shooting at a time when it was in service And. we would walk through these huge rooms where all of these sort of older women hairnets gloves, painting veins onto these enormous sticks. Gluing pubic hair on And. we were like, oh, okay.


Very scientific. Yeah. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert if you dare.


We are supported by Dr. Odyssey from a BC From 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy comes the splashy new medical drama. Dr. Odyssey starring Joshua Jackson as the charismatic new doctor on board a luxury cruise ship. He and his team navigate high stakes medical emergencies and steamy romantic entanglements miles from shore. The series also stars Philip Assu, Sean Teal, and Don Johnson as their fearless captain. Come aboard for the series premiere of Dr. Odyssey. Thursday, September 26th at nine eight Central on a, B, C, and Stream on Hulu.


We are supported by Squarespace, the All-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. We of course have our website built by Squarespace, by WBE Wob. He found it very easy and intuitive. You've heard us talk before how we actually host our own website on Squarespace and we're so happy with it. Rob did a beautiful job. He used the templates. it was easy, fast, and it's functionality is off the charts. Whether you're an entrepreneur looking to set up a site for your business or you've got a passion project that's ready to reach the masses, Squarespace makes it easy for you to get your perfect website up and running. And if you're selling on your website, Squarespace also makes checkouts seamless for your customers. With simple but powerful payment tools except credit cards, PayPal and Apple Pay and ineligible countries offer customers the option to buy now and pay later with Afterpay and Clear Pay. Check out Squarespace dot com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dax to get started today.


We are supported by Quince. It's been a busy season of events in travel. We were just in New York filming a bunch of press for the show and you know, we wanted to make sure our clothes were looking good. Always, Always. And that's why I'm thrilled we're partnering with Quince. Quince has all the seasonal must haves like cashmere sweaters. I love ding ding ding. European linen shirts. All priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands. And that's because they partner directly with top factories. So they cut out the cost of the middlemen and pass on the savings to us. Also. Fall is a good time to replen your wardrobe. You're moving into a new season. Yeah, I've got a very sexy cashmere sweater from them. Yeah. That I love. And it's just coming up on sweater weather. Get those sweaters. Another cool thing about Quince, they only partner with factories that you save ethical and responsible manufacturing practices, which is pretty great. Upgrade your wardrobe with pieces made to last with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


Do you think those women got off work Hornier or never horny? Again? I I think one of the two Happen. The latter is gonna be be the answer. Yeah. Yeah. You really saw how pun intended the sausages were made. Yeah, Right. When you're painting on veins, the penis is a very ugly thing. Yeah. Grotesque. Especially when it's engorged both ways. Yeah. Well one's pathetic and one's repugnant. Having Worked with Adam twice in a setting where there are a lot of dildos around, I can say with utter confidence, he cannot keep his hands off him. Oh, Oh. yeah. Yeah. He was so, so grabby at the original one. I remember you were like doing a scene where you were like in this one and in this one too.


You're Talking about the original one. I was, yes, You did both. You recycled your dick spin. Wow. Yes. And then in this one when we shot at the sex store, you had your hands all over everything. You were pointing at stuff when the cameras were off we were like, what is that? We gotta figure this out. We both felt so out of touch. At least I did. I was not. I'm quiet now. don. Don't You knew exactly what everything was. Yeah. Okay. Let's talk about how this show came to be. 'cause you were in it first Kristen and you were of course a part of who gets to be the Rabbi. And let's talk about the premise of Nobody Wants This. So us being from Michigan and living in close proximity to Bloomfield and West Bloomfield and Bloomfield Hills, I grew up in an entirely Jewish neighborhood.


I was one of two Gentiles in the area. You were the Shik? So. Yeah. So I wanted to be Jewish all growing up because that was the culture I was surrounded by Every single one of my friends, I learned to speak a little bit of Hebrew, like I loved It. You went to a lot of Bar mitzvahs. Tons. All Dozens. It's so funny because ironically I went to only my bar mitzvah and I knew like two other Jewish kids. But your parents are ironically Jewish people from Michigan? Yes, yes, yes. And were they from one of those areas I just mentioned? I think They were from the suburbs of Detroit. My dad went to Mumford. I only know that 'cause Beverly Hills cop, you know. So it was relevant to me. And mom Don don't know where she went To high school. You're a sexist. Okay. Yeah. you know where your dad went. But Do women go to school?


But we were very familiar with this term Shiksa. Right. Which is a blonde gentile goddess who wooed the Jewish boy away from the tribe. Yeah. Is that a fair? Yeah. Such a great word. Shiksa. It's great. And so the original title really tells you exactly what this show is about. But lo and behold, and to our surprise, nobody knows the word shiksa. Yes. Apparently in the focus groups, not enough people. If any people knew the word shiksa. Which actually shocked me because one of my favorite Broadway shows is the last five years and there's a song called Shiksa Goddess. He's being tempted by this woman. I thought that it was a word everyone knew. They said nope, nobody else That.


Well And my thing was like, so what does that have to be a deal killer? And apparently yes, I have learned the hard way twice. Yeah, that is real. It's like you sandbag yourself so much. Yeah, right outta the gate. I'm Happy where we ended up by the way. Yeah. I will say And, it's only grown on me. I feel good about the title. I'm not even saying they were wrong ultimately, but for a while I was mourning the death of that title. But you were being brought many options, love to Who should be the rabbi In the beginning. Yes. They were like, we're gonna find the perfect And. we had a lot of reads, we had a lot of discussions. And from the second I opened it and read the scenes between these two people, I was like, okay, well this is Brody. And then I finished it knowing that it was him.


And then I thought, okay, my only hurdle in doing the show is going to be to convince Adam to do a romantic lead, which he is not keen on. Usually never has been. And then I made that my mission. It's not that I didn't want to, it's kind of my happy place. It's just that it actually doesn't come my way very often. And if it does it Adams not good. Are you being honest? Yes. They Don't even make 'em that much. Well that's fair. In the height of making 'em, you weren't offered a bunch of 'em. I guess in the height of making 'em I would say is that OC days? Yeah. Or just thereafter. Just thereafter. I don't remember anything. And just before I was unavailable for almost everything 'cause of the show. So I only turned down one of note that I'll and that's it.


The Notebook send it The Notebook. Only one of no cook. Oh God. I only turned down one that turned into Be Anything. Well Hold on. Matt Damon admitted he had been offered Avatar and missed out on 10% of growth the Franchise. Yeah. Yeah. And that's so fun for everyone to know. Yeah. Yeah. I can't which one You can't because you don't wanna disrespect the person who did it. I don't wanna disrespect it. I still am glad I didn't. That's not my story. There were repetitive things that wasn't my path. So romantic comedy is So. yeah. So I read the script, I immediately knew it was Adam and I said to the whole room, I was like, this is Adam Brody take your time. And can I add, I want to take a tiny bit of credit, which is you already had that decision. But if you live with Kristen, Kristen only talks on the phone on speaker phone because he's doing 11 other Things.


Right. So I know every single machination of this development of this show. And I'm overhearing them pitch different people and I don't know who. Whether it's the network, the studio or the creators would like in the list. And I'm in the bedroom, she's in the bathroom getting ready and I'm hearing all this, hearing all this. And at some point I scream like clearly it's gotta be Brody. Yeah. For a variety of reasons. A, because it's very exotic when you haven't really done that role a ton before. B I know how talented you are. And particularly I feel like I know your style very well from knowing you a little bit personally and also knowing your work.


You are an actor who can look like doily and lovingly into someone's eyes for an extended period of time. As long as he's got his hand on their shoulder. Yeah. Leaning. As long as he's connected physically in some way. and I am also one of those actors and there are actors that can do it and there are actors that cannot. And I was like, this show needs that La La Land thing where you just actually pause the whole storyline and let these characters look at each other but make sure they're both keeping the ball in the air of will they, won't they? Chemistry, you know, attraction, all that stuff. And I was like, I know Adam can do this and I know I can do it. Just put us together please. And then it was just a matter of convincing Adam to do it. Well and them to offer it to me.


I assume. Yeah. But I feel like that was easier than convincing you to do it. It wasn't that hard. Well you really played me like a fiddle then. I wasn't that Hard. You didn't have to convince, there was very little outreach. Just a couple surgical words here and there. Yeah, yeah. I got a voice text from both of you. Oh I sent you one too. You Guys did it together. Oh, oh, oh, oh. it was over. You guys were watching. Fleishman is in trouble. it was very lovely and it was very sweet and I couldn't help but think there was larger things at play. Oh she right through us. But did we know about Yeah You did. Because I already knew about it. I just saw monsters. Adam I think is genuine. Anyway, let me ask you, you haven't worked for a minute by choice and this came your way. What brought You out of retirement? What brought You outta retirement?


Desire to be creative and leave the house a little more. 'cause I have spent the last couple years being like a full-time mom. And though I've enjoyed that, I feel like I've gotten a good foundation here. and I felt like I was losing myself a little bit in It. Can I add an asterisk please? Doing nothing for two years. Producing a huge kid show. I was gonna say I gonna by Nickelodeon tiny chef getting a musical up and running in la producing four other shows. Being the ambassador and representative of seven companies. So. yeah. Doing nothing for two years. Just ask. Sure. So, okay. I was gonna say the same. I don't know the resume And I'm struggling myself because there's so much shit Performing I guess. Yeah, fair enough. I was eager to perform again and when I stopped performing I guess a couple years ago, I was so tired of it.


I was like tired of the hair and makeup. I was tired of the forward facing. I was like, I just wanna be creative behind the scenes. And then I realized like, wait, I wanna do it again. and I wanna feel that kind of electricity again of chance and risk. and I had a couple options but when I read this script I just thought I had never read anything else like it. and I loved the idea of seeing people who shouldn't be together for what seemed like very real reasons. But if you can make the chemistry strong enough, that's so appealing to watch. I just thought the engine was great and I thought if I could get Adam to do it, that would be even better. I don't always know how to explain why I choose what I choose.


I might be better situated as an observer on the outside. So I would say on this spectrum, the three of us are perfectly on this spectrum, right? Kristen's on the far left, you are on the far right Adam and I'm somewhere in the middle, which is Adam. You are really thinking about where you want to go a lot. You've even admitted to me. Yeah you've been almost arrested by the anxiety of what is the right thing to do next, when to do it. Yeah, I would rebut that a little bit. Carry On. Yeah, no, tell me. There was a moment during and post OC where I thought my next move is just that this is my chance and I wanna break away and establish myself on my own independently of the show and like this is the moment to do that.


and I gotta do something that really speaks to me. 'cause if it doesn't and then it doesn't work and then I've lost my shot and on something I didn't even believe in and goddammit. But I quickly disabuse myself of that notion. More mid thirties I started having kids and I wanna work and I'm not working enough. But You weren't working enough because you were really conscious about what thing you did. Yeah, yeah. Or at least when we were chatting between takes on chips, Yes there's been opportunities. I could be more employed but eventually I just said, let's go to work. I'll take the best thing around And. that was really fun and it was really fulfilling and lo and behold career stuff happened nicely anyways. And now I really don't. don don't even believe you can have this vision of I'm seeing around corners.


I'm thinking three steps ahead. I don't care. I feel like I'm old enough now I have a resume that's long enough, I'd like to go to work. I'm looking for good writing exclusively. But even then, if it's not good writing but there's something else that's fun about it, let's go do that. and I don't feel precious. Opinionated. Yes. Yeah. and I relate to you greatly on that. and I don't know what's driving that for me. It's a lot of fear. I'm very afraid that they're gonna tell me the ride's over a lot of my experience here. And Kristen has never had that fear. She had to leave college 'cause she got a Broadway play and Jobs came to her very steadily and quickly and Kristen's very much whatever lands in front of her that piques her interest in that hour, she'll end up doing.


If you look at her career, it's more like who called her on that given day. It's All over the place. But The like cosmic comedy of it is somehow these dramatically different approaches. You two are in the same movie with the same level of importance. We've been in Three things together. Yes. I always say like you look at our own personal life, I'm a fucking drug addict, maniac motorcyclist, she's a Catholic school girl, did everything right. We're in the same household with the same two children. Like I think it's fascinating how many roads end up leading to the same place. And so for Kristen, if I was saying on the outside what I think is like however it happened, this thing came across her desk and she's like, oh this seems really fun.


And I'll add a personal thing, which is it was a cool character. Yeah, Cool girl. Cool girl. A cool Girl. And you haven't played a lot of cool girls Uhuh, so you were like, oh this is interesting. I'm getting offered the cool girl. How'd that go? I did my best. I think you're very cool. Yeah, You're wonderful. You are cool girl. I Try. You execute like a motherfucker. But I do think that was in the stew. How Are we qualifying? Cool. I guess Finger on the pulse popular. I've played a lot of people that have been sort of against the grain or had like a sassy or abrasive nature to them, which I love, but definitely weren't the main popular archetype.


That's like not the vibe I give off. It is The vibe you give off. But I almost feel like connected to what you were just saying earlier, you picked characters that were unlike your cute face Maybe. But honestly this is one of those questions where people are like, how have you picked your characters? I'm like, I picked what was offered to me. I auditioned for everything. And then a lot of the feedback I got in the beginning was always like, well you're not homely enough to play like the best friend and you're not pretty enough to play like the cool girl, so there's just not a place for you. And I was like in this, in-between place forever. I think the thing that you might as a person identify as cool is a self conviction about who you are and an ability to not people please or bend yourself to be like the others around you.


Yeah. I do not possess that. You've grown into it. Yeah. But I think what you saw in this character, I would just say that's the specific ingredient in Cool. That Kristen would identify Very self-assured And not too concerned whether the seven other people in the room agree with that take or not. No. You walk into a room a lot in the show like kick open the doors. Yeah. Yeah. That's a great way To say it. You walk in with a lot of confidence. Yeah. And you're not there to make friends. You're there to be yourself and maybe you'll make friends along the way. So I think that was Probably appealing. And. that was appealing for sure. And she was like young and sexy And. that was all in the stew as well. Yeah. Now sidebar back to more personal stuff. So I just said the dynamic in our household, right?


Like she's on speaker phone, I'm hearing all this stuff. I'm hearing every aspect of the musical she's producing and I'm opinionated and I'm like, what's the right amount for me to inject myself into the situation I wasn't invited into? How much of that's happening with you and Leighton? A lot. Everything is run through each other. We are each other's managers. And. we also have the same two agents. Oh, you do? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, that's interesting. So, so it's like, you know, I'll get a call. You did Before you were Together. This happened after. And it was a gamble. Kevin made a strong pitch as to why And. we both, at first were like, don don't know. And he is like, no, think about it. If I fuck this up, I lose two clients. So like I really like have to, you know, I'm like, you've been my agent for 20 years.


I can vouch for him. it was five years ago and things are going good. But anyways, so we are in each other's shit in that way. And, we even did a movie together a couple years ago. Did you like that? I Did. It had its own host of challenges. But acting together, we've acted together a lot and continued to and that's great. And you have kids together. So now when you go to work, which would normally be quote, work is now like escape time. Chris and I have to shoot something in a week or two together. And I'm like, we will have two 12 hour days with no one coming up to us to solve a fight. That's almost like a vacation. A hundred percent. It's all inclusive. There's no privacy And, it's fine. And What is Leighton likely to point out and what are you likely to point out? Because I think our thing is very specific.


She's charmingly aloof to the business. She will literally not know Seth Rogan's name. Right. you know what I mean? That's Kind of great. It's fucking great. Yeah. Because it doesn't diminish her art. That's not where she's focusing. So she has that outsider quality and she can come in, but she's such an artist. She's a poet. She has a depth and a read on material that is always illuminating and has a great radar. And so she can still get at the heart of something, a script, no problem. But it's for me to look at the cover letter and go, you're doing this or not, you know, before we even have read it, I'm like, oh, these names, these are good names. You probably want to be involved. I'm like, I haven't heard of these names. Sound sketchy. Give it a read.


I'm the biz guy. But she knows from a intelligent, intuitive way what's true and what's lyrical and what's bullshit. That's probably our exact dynamic. That's similar. I'm mostly negative probably. Yeah. and I remind you, most things Are a pass. But also we are one ride on this earth. And if something is short and your friends are in it, who fucking cares? Bitching friends if her friends are in it. Sure. Well, Because I'm reminding Dax all the time, this is not gonna take up a ton of your time. and I guarantee you when you come home from this, you're gonna be like, I'm so glad I spent the day with Vincent. That's What she's great at. I talk her honesty. Yeah, she talks about into stuff. But it's a good balance. There Is no correlation to me between the quality of project and my enjoyment making it.


It's a crap shoot. That way the personalities involved. And so just 'cause it's good doesn't mean it's gonna be a good time. And just 'cause it's bad doesn't mean it's gonna be a bad time. You're Right. It's total luck in chance and who knows. So that kind of sets up this next question I have, which is I have been watching Kristen go away, do projects and then watching the buzz that surrounds it for 17 years. and I would say the only thing she's done prior to this show that had the same sense and feeling was frozen. Wow. Where it's like people are seeing it, they're getting very excited, they're Freaking out, They're talking about sequels.


And you're sitting there in this weird little bubble where you've just been on the inside of it. And then when you're seeing how it's received. So thus far, every single person who's seen Nobody Wants, this is calling Effusively, telling Kristen like, oh my God, this is the greatest thing you've done. And this is incredible. Has that been coming your way too? Adam? Yeah, but not that many. I think probably you guys know more people that have seen it by virtue of being a producer, publicists and agents and the materials that have been coming out as well with it, everyone's really into. So I don't know that many people that have seen it since we started filming. I've been hearing great things filtered back from the studio, et cetera. And so there's definitely been a positive.


And you over 25 years, you learned to delineate the bullshit compliment in the real ones. Yeah. you know when people at this point are sincere, I take this all as valuable information, nothing sure thing, but I put some stock in it and You my love I know if I like it. But I've also liked things no one else has liked or hated things everyone else has loved. But I don't know that I have since Frozen gotten the response from people. Like even just planning this press tour when the critics get the first two episodes logistically going like, okay, I'm gonna have to go to New York for two days or whatever. Oh, okay. We're getting so many calls. We have to triple the size of the press tour because we can't turn some of these great opportunities down.


It's been a wonderful shock. And part of it has been, wow, this is really exciting to see. Plug your ears Seth Cohen and Veronica Mars crossover. That's great that everyone's been waiting for. But also the idea that it is a real romantic comedy in the sense that older romantic comedies used to be made because they kind of like died off. Yeah. Yeah. So the infusion back into the romantic comedy world, there are sensibilities that people are open to at a time when art comes out and you never really know when it's gonna hit. The vibe of the world has to be ready for that piece. Right. and I feel like the response we're getting is like, oh my God, I've been dying to see a romantic comedy like this.


Like when Top Gun Maverick came out, we were like, oh, that's right. We like to fucking party right in the Mediator So people are ready for it. Which I think is just good luck on our part. Yes, yes. I totally agree. I have seen most of it. and I was a part of Anytime Kristen was watching cuts and giving notes. And of course I'm opinionated and my take from the jump was like, yeah, and let's get to Adam and her. What Did you say when we were watching the second episode where we were at the dinner scene? You looked over at me. What'd I say? And you go, God, I want you guys to kiss so Bad. Yeah, let's go. Let's fucking go. Said she Did too. You're always wanting her to kiss people. Yeah. Yeah. Well when the chemistry's right, that's what you're scripting what you want.


Want. I will say the chemistry's great. and I, having worked with you before and having read the script and knowing you and lovely dance partner, even so I was like surprised and taken with how much we work together in it. But I'm gonna say other than the guy you were in hit and run with, this is like the second best chemistry you've maybe ever had. I would agree with that. Ooh, sorry to a lot of people. Oh, Whoopsies And Tom I did say after filming this, you did have a scene with Justine and then you said, that was my favorite scene I've done on this show. I did. And you heard that and you took it personally a little, But it might be the best scene of the show.


It's all right. You've said a lot of nice things to me. I knew your skillset. One thing I'm good at, I can't always articulate it, but I can like feel someone when they're acting, whether I'm watching an audition or I'm watching a show and I'm like, oh, I know what lanes they're faking and I know what lanes they really use. Well, And that they're very good at. You are living in your sweet spot. You can stare into someone's eyes. And I'm like, great. Let 'em be my eyes. 'cause I can stare back. And. we can crack the lens. Thank. You, I will say about you. Amazingly versatile, but never a false note. I found the entire performance pitch. Perfect. Thanks Adam. She's an acting robot. We all know Ai, ai, mechanical, precision, Acting, ai.


No, I always say there's nobody easier to edit than Kristen. She will have her hand in the exact same spot in every single take, but I did. She's so real yet. All the mechanics are flawless. You're a mess. Adam. Probably those hands, you're directing an airplane into its parking Spot. I have long arms. I hear you. They're really hard to do something with when you're standing with nothing anchoring. I think that's why I do it. Maybe there's building the connection, but it's also that it's awkward to stand there with long arms. Have You considered arm reduction surgery? I think they're doing it in Gu heart. I haven't considered it, but maybe I should. Yeah, they'll trim that humerus right up. You'll be able to sit there and dangle just so comfortably. Okay. There's other great people in it that we love from other great shows you just talked about, Justine, of course.


Justine Loop from success succession concession. I have seen that. And God, is she a gold mine? She is so much fun. Julliard trained. Really don't, don't sleep on it. Oh. yeah. Oh wow. She's incredible. So it's not a surprise except that I don't know any Julliard People. And then Tim Simons, No one better. One of the greatest stories of all time started out as a casting assistant and they asked him to read with the actors and he was blowing people out of the water. That's so funny. And they were like, wait a minute, step on camera for a second and then boom. He books Veep. it was, it was on Veep. Was casting director on Veep? I believe so. Wow. Oh my goodness. We also have a very fun text chain with all of us actors. And Tim primarily leads the joke section, a lot of picture content.


He got really obsessed with the first scene we shot, which was one of the most romantic things of the show. Hands on the face. That's where we discovered it. Adam was levitating off the street. Everyone was like gooey around him. And there was a paparazzi across the street who got this photo of us, like full-bodied and three fourths, right? Yeah. Your hands were on my face. And. we weren't kissing, but like our faces were really close together. it was like the moment before. So it was super Passion. Take your time there. So everybody, if you're a young actor, that's where you wanna live. You wanna basically take your time approaching their face. And this is Adam's playbook. I can tell you right now, whether you know it or not, you take your time approaching their face and then you look all around their face. Yeah. For you. Just take it in. Yeah. And then you go in, but you stop Oh.


yeah. Right before you make contact. Wow. And you wait there as long as you can. This is good stuff. You're Not conscious of this. I am not that conscious of it in the sense of, I'm gonna put my hand, I'm gonna do this. But in the script it was, they have the best kiss of her life or their lives. Yeah. That's it's, you know what I mean? We weren't too intimidated. I was like, this is gonna need some time and some care. It was written as the world's greatest kiss that anyone's ever seen in history. I mean, it was really effusive. And so we read it And, we were like, Ooh, okay, we gotta execute this. Anyway, all that to say this paparazzi caught that anticipatory moment. So Tim has taken it upon himself to anytime a famous picture comes out in the media, he will, Photoshop Was the kissing over Over it to the side.


Like we were in the background or on the side of the street. And he sends it to us as though we were in every frame. Can I get your opinion, don? Don't wanna derail this, but speaking of the kiss, it doesn't really register in the show, so it doesn't really matter. But I still think it's weird. Joel, Are you talking about the ice cream? The purse. Talk to me. So In it, Erin and then Kristen both really liked this boss energy. She's like, we haven't kissed in that weird, I'm like, I'm well aware we haven't. She's like, oh, maybe we should. And so we're walking and she's got ice cream and she's got like a little purse and we're on Vermont, busy city street. And I'm like, gimme your ice cream. I'm on board with that. And then I'm like, put down your bag and Right. No, take Your little purse off.


Okay. And put it on the street. Right. While we're gonna close our eyes and make out for a minute. Oh, the character was saying that out loud. Yes. And I was like, can I just do the ice cream? I get that. Let's have our hands free. Why are you gonna put your purse on the ground? Aaron was like, I'll show you what I mean. This is so cool. Kristen said the same thing and I was like, I'll do it. It doesn't make any sense to me. Okay. In the cut I will give you, you're a hundred percent right. It did not read in our heads, the one, two. And you explain that very haphazardly just now you're trying to make it quick. We're like standing on the street corner and there's eye contact that is like laser beams. And I'm like, isn't it weird? We never kissed? And he says, oh, I'm very aware. We haven't kissed yet. and I say yet, beat, beat, beat.


Everyone's burning, right? Yeah. And then I say, but friends don't kiss. And then Adam says, give me your ice cream and I hand it over like trembling like, okay, here we go. And in the script it worked as a two part beat. Because it was supposed to be like, Monica, the bag, you're Carrying your medicine cabinet. It was, it was meant to read as, I need your body free for what I'm about to do to it. Oh, symbolically, yes, you're going fuck all these things. This thing you care about. Yes. I actually care about this way more. I understand the symbolism. Right. And the problem was, But also you're a dick if you take a woman's nice bag and put it on the diet. It was a little bag. It wasn't in the way, wasn't. I just feel like it's on the ground and we're not watching it.


I Would've said, You ask for the ice cream, you give the ice cream, you put your purse Down. Ooh. Nice sauce. Now That probably should have been it. Look, it was 9:45 PM on a busy street in Los Felix. No one texted me. Nobody texted Monica for her opinion, which we should have. Erin and I were taken by the flow of the scene in that there were two instructions as to how to become, They both love the instructions Prepared. Basically. I'm love. I'm about to give you this gift. and I need your body completely ready for it. And Aaron and I were like Butterfly, central And. it doesn't work. You basically just say, put your purse on the ground and then we have the whole moment And. It's neither here nor there. You were right. I wish we cut it out, but we didn't.


Great. I'll say you were Right. It also plays with the paradox and dichotomy of we want respect in egalitarian behavior. Yep. And then at some moment we want someone to take charge. Yeah. At some point I'm gonna need you to grab me by the back of the neck. I feel like Particularly Aaron actually, and I would go back and forth a bit on certain things where she's like, no, I want you in charge. And I'm like, it is a little dickish. There's A line to walk, there's a Line. You're looking at it from a dickish point of view when it doesn't have to Be. It's dickish when it's not desired. That's the line to straddle. There you Go. I am telling you, as the single person in the room, if someone was about to kiss me and they said, put your purse on the ground, it would take me out of it.


Oh, not by the way, That wasn't the moment I thought was Dickish. I was just like, it's illogical. The person sense shouldn't be on The ground. You were right Here would've been my pitch if I were you. and I was just saying, instead of asking for her ice cream, what if I grab her ice cream and chuck it against the wall behind her? Let's get fucking wild. Right, right. and I Take it and I smear it on her face. Didn't you ask for her gum? Yeah. In real life. That's the moment that I was sort of comparing it to. Because you're right, We do desire, respect And. we don't want to feel overpowered as women, but if there's a playful version where we're tipping into the monkey zone, it's go goose pimps. It's goose pimples. It's ation all over. Just for a moment because it's notation ation.


That was my word of the day a couple weeks ago. Nice. That means goose bumpies. Oh my God. Is it like Herpes? No horror elation. Like horror. Oh Like horrible. Yeah. Okay. But you're playing with an idea that you both know is dangerous, but you're both agreeing to play with that idea. Yes. You're consenting. And then Jackie Cho, Jackie Cheney's. Oh my God. The person I know the best. Good friend Jackie Tone. Yeah. Friend of the pod. That's right. One of your longtime best friends. 25 years. My first friend in Los Angeles. She fucking crushes. There has never been a show or a role that was written more for Jackie Tone than this role. Yeah. When you want Long Island Jewish, there's one number to call.


Yeah. So lovely. Can I pee real quick of Of course. And Then there's the door. Yeah. Yeah. Everyone take a nice squirt it's, it's my first Time using this potty. Stay tuned for more Armchair Expert, if you dare. There


We are sponsored by Audible. A great story can really spark your imagination. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. There's more to imagine when you listen. I live for Audible as you know. Every single night I'm listening to Audible before I go to bed, I'm just slowly educating myself without any effort. Sometimes I like having it in paperback and listening to it at the same time. On Audible. Yeah. So I can go back and forth. I am currently listening to the entire works of Doki and it's gonna take me quite a bit of time to go through 'em all. and I can't wait. And as an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. New members can try Audible for free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash dax Or text Dax to 500 500.


We are supported by Echo Dot Kids Echo. Kids is a cute smart speaker for Alexa made just for kids. Echo Kids automatically filters explicit songs so kids are always ready for dance parties and singing. And parents can rest easy knowing everything is kid friendly. By using voice commands, children can interact with the devices without a parent's help fostering a sense of responsibility and independence. Alexa can help kids develop by establishing healthy morning and bedtime routines complete with reminders for tasks like brushing teeth, packing school bags, or going to bed on time. I need those asap. Kless is his Echo dot before bed every night. Does he puts on he does. He'll ask to play fleet foxes or local natives. Cute. Just listen to music all night. We have one of these in our house and my family loves it. We've got the super cute little owl design. It's so sweet. Plus purchase of the device comes with one year of Amazon kids plus a digital subscription designed for kids age three to 12. To safely learn and explore endless fun for kids. Peace of mind for parents. Shop the device now at amazon.com/ Echo Kids.


We are supported by Sleep Number. They say opposites attract. That's certainly the case with me. That's why the Sleep Number Smart Bed is the best bed for couples. You like a bed that feels firm but they want soft Sleep. Number does that. You wanna sleep cooler while they like to feel warm. Sleep Number does that too. You have to feel it to believe it. Find the bed that's best fit for both of you. Only at a Sleep Number store. I like it Firmer than my wife likes it. She likes it a little softer. I'm an 85 with the weather still scorching here in La Sleep Number temperature adjustment feature has been a game changer. The Sleep Number Climate 360 smart bed lets you adjust up to 30 degrees cooler or warmer on either side. So you can be polar opposites in the same bed. But let's be real. Everybody's choosing the polar temperatures in this heat. JD Power ranks Sleep Number number one in customer satisfaction with mattresses purchased in store. And now save 40% on the Sleep Number special edition Smart Bed plus special financing. For JD Power 2023 award information, visit jd power.com/awards only at a Sleep Number store or Sleep Number dot com. See store for details.


Is there anything you wanted to say about Anna while he is out of the room? Does he smell or anything? He smells lovely if at all. you know what? That's one thing in doing a show that might have some intimacy in it. I said to him right when we started, 'cause I have like a body oil I was like, if I'm wearing anything that grosses you out or you just don't like or you prefer nothing, just let me know. And he kind of looked at me like, no it's fine. Like it wasn't gonna be a whoop. And I was like, well I thought I was being a real nice scene partner. That Is very generous. Very. I think you should always right. We both use our breath spray before we smooch. That Is nice. Okay, so Adam, you guys are four and 10-year-old. Four and nine. And so what is that fifth grade? She's a little old for grade. She just turned nine and she's going into third. Going third grade.


We're taking her, she's going into third grade. Yeah. Yeah. And then the little guy, he Just turned four and he's in like a pre-kindergarten situation. Did you guys vacation this summer? Sort Of Leighton worked in Australia for three and a half months. Did a show? No, myself and the kids and our nanny were out there for two months. In what part of Australia? The Gold Coast. Queensland. Upper right. I guess it's like mid East When she's out of town And you're home with the kids all by yourself. Do you like it? I mostly love it. I should say I have a nanny. Not maybe on weekends, but when she's outta town I have extra help. and I love it. I like it. 'cause all these theories you've had, like if I was doing this by myself, I would do X, Y and Z and then you get to run these experiments while they're gone.


Every dad I know that's with their kids by themselves has the same experience. The hardest Thing. Although now that my son's getting a little older, it's getting easier. The age disparity, what they can do together is a little tricky. I love was working in Atlanta and my daughter was with me for a month. One-on-one time with anyone in my family is so great. I find that kids are never more cooperative than when it's just you and them. You're not distracted. 'cause they don't like you talking to anyone else. So you're just talking to them. You're a team and you guys are off normally doing something to indulge them, but sometimes they'll come with you on errands and stuff too. And that's so wonderful. So, but I know, my son's been getting older and when my wife was outta town, I took him to the Renaissance fair together. Oh you did? Yeah. Yeah. Did You eat a Turkey leg?


Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Waffle fries. You Guys love the Renaissance. Love it. Did I do waffle fries? I don't think so. Although I'm getting over the Turkey. I'm ready to move on. Yeah. Did you watch the Zocdoc on HBO? Maybe. No. Is It good? It's pretty great for me. Kristen's been gone and I'm like, okay, bedtime's gonna go like this. Yeah, yeah, yeah. and I get to do bedtime the way I want to do it. And then I'm feeling really great about myself for about three weeks. And then the victory of that gives way to like, oh, they're not getting a lot of what they need. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like This has become a very well-oiled bootcamp and everyone's running on time, but they need a little more nurturing and compassion. I know. It's not that I'm not allowed to do what I want to do with them. So it's not that I feel like the freedom to do my routine that I can't do otherwise.


But I do love the one-on-one connection and I love how in sync and close and dependent we get. We are anyway, I have a lot of time with 'em. But regardless. Then after three weeks I'm like, why are you crying honey? Why are you just indiscriminate, Sam? Yeah. Oh that's great. Well you guys are gonna go now on a little travel, right? Yeah. Are you looking forward to that? Adam? No, not today. Oh. Yeah, absolutely. I don't mind, I was talking about this with Layton this morning that some people mind press. I kind of don't. We're doing a thing tomorrow, like I should shave this fucking beard. Right? You Don't have to shave. Just trim it. Trim Look cute. Just trim a little. Thank You. It looks. Here's the plan. Trimming I find is tricky.


With my curly, it doesn't feel even. I just feel like I gotta kind of go all or nothing. Do You comb it out first? Do you straighten it? I trimmed it on the show, but regardless, I'm gonna take it off. We'll do our thing tomorrow and then I'll just let it all come back and And it'll be like three weeks in for when We do the other stuff in a month and that'll be fine. Are you on board with that? Yeah. Facial Hair please. Can I ask you a question? Did you have it during the show? Facial hair? Do you really not know? I have a really bad Memory. A doesn't. I had a beard. Okay. Thank. You. A beard. I didn't even have like St. Stove. I mean it wasn't like a huge beard, but I think you call it a beard. But then just keep it I know. Everybody likes it. How old are you now? 44.


How are you doing on gray? This is it. You're not doing any touchups to the hair or Anything? No. Although in the show they combed in my beard. A little darkening at the grayest part. But I'm pretty fortunate that way. I like the gray that's there because it's not overwhelming. There's a sweet spot. I was liking it. It looked wisened I guess. And then slowly I'm like, oh wow. The sides of your hair are just straight gray. Now. The kids, every time I shave down they're like, dad, you look so much younger. Like it's dramatic. don. Don't love that. My kids don't like when I shaved, which I get it. It's like scary. You haven't seen a face in a long time. I took Delta younger child to Detroit, just her and I when she was three. And my beard had gotten so long. I was on the show on Netflix, And, we were there And. it drove me nuts.


And eventually we went into Myers, it's like a Walmart. I got an electric shaver, bought batteries. She sat in the backseat of the car and I shaved in the fucking parking lot looking in my reflection in the mirror. And then I got back in the car and I turned to look at her. She was in her car seat and she goes, you don't Look like my daddy. And she was so scared and it was heartbreaking. Oh, it's like one of her core memories as a man got in the car, not looked like her daddy anymore. Oh, That's awful. Wait, Kristen. So how old is the character you play? Debatable. It is debatable. Okay. Thirties, 30 12. This was one of my biggest concerns actually. Me for the show. Two. Not your age, but mine.


We are in the same boat. I don't have any gray either. I'm very lucky. But I do have two gray eyebrow hairs. Oh. Yeah, sure. And those are gonna be the longest and straightest. Yes, They're easy to find. But I think we were both maybe in the same boat of going, is anyone gonna acknowledge or are we gonna talk through that? We're probably 10 years too old to be doing this Particular Character. Yes. That was my deal. it was like, I'm happy. I'm very comfortable with my age. Right. I just don't wanna pretend to be 10 years younger. I want you to reconcile that you're casting me and you've gotta allot for that amount of time that this person's been on this earth and he's in this position. I need an explanation. It's not just charming, but you can Get away with so much with your charm.


You really can. Wow. You really pulling it off. Well, There wasn't much of an explanation, so I hope We're No, we never got it. Yeah, we never got It. But by the way, I see movies semi off and I'm watching it. I'm like, y'all, this is the story of what happens to people at 24. And everyone in this thing's, 40 story dies as you get older. But times Have changed. Things are happening later. Very true. And in a city maybe even more so. Well Yeah. and I think they tried to give evidence for that. you know, in a hustling, bustling city of podcasts and influencers and hot stuff, you can push your desire to settle down much farther down the line. That was what I used for my character. Mine had a little harder explanation because yours, we get that you're in bad relationships.


It makes sense, you're in patterns. For me, I've committed to this life of the cloth a long time ago and tradition. And so I'm 15 years late to a wife and kids in this world tried to reconcile that and did a little and just kind of plugged my Ears. And at the end of the day, you just show up and you be charming. And then all that thought should, It's more like a prerequisite to get outta the way. It's not that anyone even wants it, it's just how do we like get away with This? I'm saying as a fellow fisherman at sea, you think about all this shit and then ultimately you go there and you just go be charming and funny. Yeah. Did you have a muse? A muse for the role? No. I mean, I guess I Aaron? Yeah. I tried to use Aaron.


I was setting you up. Ah, yes. I did try to use Aaron because she No, me. Oh, oh God. This went S that back. Let's take that back. Everyone still rolling? Just reset. Yes. Let's take it back. But I feel like to one But yes. In the drive and ambition of her career and sidelining her relationships. For sure. Podcast. You're also playing A podcast. She's podcast podcaster. Podcast. Yes. Podcast. Yeah. Single Podcaster. I feel like I'm in trouble. You are. I was able to pull from that for sure. But I think that this character makes a lot more relationship mistakes. Taking a different approach. Scatter gun approach. Yeah. Fuck everyone you meet and then figure out if it's gonna work.


Fuck 'em first. No one knows that yet until season two. But the rabbi will discover she's got a tattoo on her butt cheeks. Oh God. That says fuck 'em. First. Ask questions later. it Was in Chinese Or, and then on the other cheek is Fuck 'em all. Let God sort 'em out. Well, I love you too. I've seen it. You guys are so fun to watch together. You hit the fucking chemistry lottery. Maybe it's even tied with the guy you did hit and run with. It's so good. Nobody Wants This is out September 26th on thankfully the streaming service, everyone has Netflix. I hope that this is enormous. See it Worldwide. It's not shiksa, it's Nobody, Wants, This. That's not, you can understand that it Invites everybody in.


You don't have to have the secret language to enjoy. Alright. I adore both of you. I'm delighted that you'll be the person that's in our lives for the next few years. Fingers crossed. All right, love you guys. Love You. Love you. Thank. You. He isn't our care expert buddy. Makes mistakes all that time. Thank God. Monica's here. She's gonna let them have the facts. You're really dressed to the nines, Would you say? So? I would say so for a Saturday morning. Well, I have to wear real clothes now. I know. I was hate, it was thinking about, I was just thinking about like, do I want to eventize this and wear like some silly outfits or something? Yeah. you know, pop Outs.


Yeah. Some pop Outs. I haven't worn any of my jumpers in a long time. That crossed my mind. Yeah. Yeah. A little jump. Jump. How was your slumber? It was okay. Okay. Outta 10. Outta 10. it was a four. Hmm. So that's not really Okay. Okay. It would have to be five and above. No. Oh. Then it's minus. Okay. Suboptimal. It wasn't great when I would get into rem. Yeah. I was having the weirdest dreams. Oh, tell me. Very weird one with my boyfriend with Matt. Yeah. But it wasn't, oh my God. It wasn't a sexy, sexy dream. Mm. That's a good point. it was. it was like actually more about his wife. Oh my God. She Was there, but she was cooking Indian food and I think we were, I was babysitting for them or something.


Okay. I don't remember the details, but it was very strange. Yeah. Yeah. Then I had another dream even. Are there more details in there? Was the vibe, was it pure like, or dismissive? Was it an old fear? It must, I think it was an old fear. Old fear. Old stuff. It was, yeah. We weren't, we weren't on the same level. So that was sad. And then, I mean, I think I know why that dream happened. Oh, you do? Yeah, I do. Are you gonna share it or it's well between you and your therapist? I mean, I guess there's many reasons why that dream happened. One is probably all the change in me wondering if I am doing okay or if I am like showing up or whatever.


My other dream was about Hillary Clinton. Oh. She was with us. And this is so weird. and I, this is not anything to say about her. Yeah. She was hanging out with us and like, it was really fun. And she was doing these like little weird kind of paintings. Oh, And. that all over the house. There were just these like were we at and stuff? No, we were at a random house. Okay. And But she had her supplies there. Yeah. Her random little paintings would be all over the place. And when you looked closely, some were really intricate, but also some were very childlike. Hmm. And then I went to take a shower and she had showered and there was tiny bit of poop at the bathtub.


Oh. Oh my goodness. What a wild dream. I know. And I was like, well I can't, what do I do? and I kept trying to like just put the water on to like wash it off. But it was, it would not fully wash off. it was, and I was like, I can't shower, but I have to shower. But I also can't touch it or wipe it away. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. It had really adhered to the Yeah. To the tub. Yeah. It had I know where the first part of that dream comes from. Mm. Which is, we were interviewing someone and I gave the example of sitting alone at a restaurant that, that I feel like it looks pathetic if they know you. And my example is if you saw Hillary Clinton eating a Taco Bell in a booth by herself. Oh. Remember when we, we spent a good deal of time imagining the story you'd fill in.


Oh. Like, oh wow. She looks, she seems so lonely. Why is she by herself? All this stuff. You're right now the pootie in the tub. Yeah. I don't know. That's interesting. And art. Yeah. Hmm. Like just ruin Art. Was that part of her art? Do you think like an art installation Would've been, it could've been. Was it in a aesthetic? It was so small. it Was, yeah. It was just A, A little Dab. Just like would not Go Down the drain. Oh, is it because of the story you told about the, My plunging story? Maybe. Oh my gosh. Maybe it's all But the, this is from days, I mean, I guess it's all just mashed in from the week. So maybe, well Some, they say, one of the descriptions we heard about what your brain's doing at night while it sleeps is it has all this information.


It's trying to put it in drawers. Mm. Like where's it gonna store and file this? Right. Like it's unraveling all these little bits that are floating around. It parks them somewhere. Yeah. So it's like you had a plumbing disaster. You had Hillary at Taco Bell. Yeah. Art, I'm still trying to chase down As women. Do. I blamed myself when I woke up. I figured like maybe I needed to go check your in the middle of the night. Oh sure, Sure, sure. And so my, it was trying to tell me, everybody was trying to tell me and wake me up. Right. I don't think that's the case based on my movement this morning. Okay. Is your movement healthy right now? It's too small. Too small today. it was today we discussed this. And you don't feel disappointed in yourself.


Like I would, I Don't feel like a failure. I don. I don't feel disappointed, but I feel annoyed. Gy edgy. Like I want gy. Yeah. Yeah. Agitated. But yours, your are not going well. Yours is swinging in the opposite direction. But again, I, it's been so long that I've real, I'm like totally enjoying it. I think I told you So I rode my, I have a road bike, you know, I don't even know if it's 10 speed or a 15 speed, but it's like a proper road bike, you see? Yeah. People on like row. Is This one you fell on? No, that was my electric bicycle. Oh, okay. and I was going about 30 miles an hour when that happened. That's why we're against electric vehicles. That's primarily my beef with electric vehicles. Yeah. No, it was an impulse buy.


I took Lincoln to buy a bicycle at this bike shop by Frog Town, by the valet river where the bike path is. And as I walked up, there was this gorgeous green and gold bike used. and I had never even considered a road bike. I, if you live in LA you're either a biker or you're someone that's annoyed by how angry they are all the time. Yes. But of course when I ride, when I understand why they're so angry. But at any rate, it was so gorgeous. And then I, I just aesthetically I had to own it and it was very inexpensive. Wow. So now see, you know what it's like when, when I go shopping Yeah. and I see a pair of pants and I'm like, I just need it. Yes. And then I'm gonna add to it something that happened yesterday.


So I got this bike, I rode it for a minute. I had that crazy story where I wrote it downtown, then took the subway back. And. that guy got into it with that guy. Oh. yeah. So that was, you know, and then we just moved to this house and all my shit was in the old garage. So I haven't ridden it forever. Then I think I may have updated you. I brought it over and I got fascinated again with how it looks. Aesthetically you fell In love with it Again. Yes. I did like, like rediscovered it. I was like, oh that's right. I'd love this bike. So then I brought it here and then I put in the front tire was flat. So I put in a new inner tube and I'm not good at that. and I cut my fingers, they're still all cut. Oh, inflated it good. We're good to go next day. Go to get on it. It's flat, the same tire. I'm like, what the heck? No. Back up.


When I inflated the first one, a bit of the tube was hanging outta the tire, pinched between the rim, And it popped it like, oh shit. So then I took it back off, put another one on, pumped it up. Okay, now we're good. Next morning, go it, that one's flat. And now I'm like, oh my God, why won't a inner tube stay inflated in this wheel? So then I take the tire completely off and I inspect the rim and there's this little rubber ringer on the inside of the rim where the holes are into the spokes. And a couple of those little holes, the rubber had worn off. So I think the tube was getting, I've lost you. Anyways, I pull it, I recoded the inside of the room with electrical tape. I'll have, you know, inflated it up. And finally on the third inner tube.


And every time I cut more of my knuckles, it worked. So yesterday was my first inaugural ride. We finished working and I was like, oh right, my beautiful bike. I'm gonna ride it to Hillhurst and look for somewhere to eat. and I thought, ah, all time. Yeah. Love time. I had all time just been for my first time to lunch the other day. So good. I parked my bicycle directly in front of the host stand and the host said, oh my God, that's like the most gorgeous bike I've ever seen. Wow. I said, me too. I bought it on an impulse buy. Yeah. Ate a delicious meal. So good lettuce wrap, burger and the good ass salad. Yeah, The salad's. Incredible. So, and it's a huge salad.


Huge. It's like a gallon of le different lettuces. Yeah. and I ate most of it. Wow. So this might be Mm, No. Yeah. You can't, There's a lot of roughage. Yeah. On an empty stomach. So then before I left I'm like, well I gotta pee because I drank three ice teas. I'm gonna go in and pee. And as I was peeing, I thought, let's sit down for a second. Sure. And just regroup. And then, yes. Yeah. But I wanna make clear this is not about the food. No, no. This clearly, if you recall the same issue happened to me the day before. Exactly. While putting together a basketball hoop. Yes. Something I have a buck Clearly, You know. Yeah. Full experience in that bathroom. and I thought, thank goodness I sat down 'cause I had to ride home.


Oh. Who knows what story I'd be telling you right now if I didn't take the extra time to sit down those bicycles. It's crazy how much more dangerous they are than riding a motorcycle. Really? I think so, because the motorcycle's so loud. Yeah. And you're going the same speed as the traffic. No one's having to figure out when they're passing you. Yes. And where it got particularly dicey is like, I'd get up to a a, a light and traffic's bad here, so I'm going along the right. And then occasionally people are just like, they're deciding to go around somebody and then of course they don't look for a bicycle 'cause they can't hear anything. Yeah. And they, whatever. So. yeah. Even in that short trip back and forth, there were like a couple little moments that were dicey and I could see where these people blow up.


I didn't. I'm like, I get it. I'm hard to see I Know. I mean, Bicycles are rough. Right? Yeah. I, Go ahead. I hate bicycling. I know. I know I do. I, they make me so nervous. It's no one's fault. Really. It's like a, it's, it's a poorly designed system that's, that's has this predictable outcome. 'cause when we were in Denmark and Copenhagen this year, they're so dedicated and separate and everyone rides a bike. Yeah. And it's like the greatest way to get around And. it works so well. But we're just, the way they're set up is, Well our roads aren't meant for it. But also I, they just built a bike lane across from Covel, which is one of my places. Yeah. Yeah.


I love it there. I have a plaque. Yeah. And they just built a bike lane. It And it is now made parking impossible. And how come? 'cause it ate up the parking lane. Yeah. And now the parking's like kind of in the middle of the street. Oh, weird. It's so weird. Oh, Weird. and I really don't like it. and I understand. It's like maybe good for the bicyclist, but now it's bad for the car drivers. Yeah. And I mainly walk there anyway. Luckily. Yeah. Good. Also, it's, it's your top two fears are swimming and bicycling. Right. Oh, abandonment. Okay. Abandonment and bicycles swimming. Yeah.


Because you can't, it's not like you can go, well if you can't beat 'em, join them. I'm gonna start bicycling to cove. No, it's never gonna happen. No. It'd be like you swimming to Cove. I'm More confident on a bike than I am in the pool. Right. But you did have that traumatic experience in Ojai. I did. But I, you know, I choose to look at it glass half full. I didn't actually fall over. Yeah. And 99% of the ride was issue free. Yeah. and I, well I just drove up onto that bush. Big bush. Yeah. Yeah. And none But didn't fall. I didn't fall. That's good. Did not fall good. But I did lose control. Right. and I, I don't talk about this part of that ride very much. There was a piece of metal or like, maybe it was the kickstand or something.


There was like a piece that was sticking straight out. And so for huge part of the ride, I was just like, every time I pedaled it would hit my leg. And. it hurt a lot. and I kind of was just like, I guess I'll just deal with this pain. Yeah. Right. Ignore It. Which is kind of, it's very old me. And 'cause you know, everyone else knew what they were doing and I just assumed like, don don't have, I can't stop and I can't like take care of myself. And then eventually I did. I had to, and then Amy of course like turned around and was helping me and she was like, oh my gosh, this is sticking out. Yeah. And then, then I got back on the bike.


Well I was a little bit self-serving question how you slept last night? 'cause I slept incredibly well. Oh good. Yeah. First time in a minute. That's great. Went to bed before 11. Woke up at seven when I heard rustling in the house. And then Whiskey join me. That's his first order of business. Yeah. Is get up to my bed, go back to bed for the rest of the day. Yeah. And, and then I was able to sleep all the way to nine 20. Wow. Yeah. So I did at least nine and a half, maybe 10 hours slash that's Oh, you were at Cara Was at Carra. Working. Working. And then what happened? And then I finished working and then Jess came Martini time And I had a martini.


And then Ana came, oh, Another martini. And I had another martini. And then we went to all time for dinner. Oh, you did? Yeah. And. we didn't have diarrhea. Oh. Yeah, of course. It doesn't give you diarrhea. No. I gave myself diarrhea. I'm, I'm to blame. Yeah. Good. Yeah. Ha. By the way, I don't even wanna think about Diarrhea. Yeah, that's, That's amazing. It's disgusting. Yeah. That's gross. Do you remember the movie Becoming Bond? That Josh was in Lawson. Oh, Vaguely. Yes. It's so good. And when he visited it reminded me how much I liked that movie. I also know George Lazen Lazenby, who it's about. Okay. Well tell people what it's about. Yeah. So the most famous James Bond story is James Bond had been Sean Connery for years.


don don't know how many he made, but he was James Bond. Yeah. And they, he wanted to stop doing it. So they had to replace him. They start a search. Now there's this man, he's an Australian, he was bad in school. George Lazenby. He became a mechanic and then quickly discovered he wanted to sell cars. So then he was a car salesman. He was in love with this girl. The girl moves to London, he then moves there to be with her or actually win her back. Okay. Becomes a car salesman there. And a guy comes in who's a photographer and he says he wants to photograph him. He's a very ruggedly, tall, big, handsome Australian. Okay. And so he's weirded out by that at first. So he sends his girlfriend, he's won her back.


And then the guy's like, no, no, I wanted to photograph you. He allows this. And then immediately he starts getting all of these ad campaigns. Huge ones. Oh wow. He becomes like a very successful male model. Oh, reluctantly. Okay. And then he meets this woman who is an agent for movies. And she tells him, you've gotta go in and meet on this movie oh oh seven. And she's like, but you're gonna have to fool your way in. You're not invited. So he goes, he tells this preposterous story. This is the fun of the movie. His stories are impossible. He says he got operated on 67 times for his. Oh my God. I mean literally he says 67 times he goes in and then they won't let him in.


So then he goes and he claims he, he knew where Sean Connery got his hair cut. So he goes and gets his hair cut like Sean Connery's. And then he claims he knows where he, the tailor made Sean Connery's suits. He goes in there to have one made, it's gonna take six months, but Sean's left his suit behind. He hasn't picked up in two months. Oh. And he steals, this is all part of his story. Oh. Then he shows back up and he walks right by the receptionist. He walks into the casting director's and he claims he is worked all over the world as an actor. And then he comes his way into meeting the producer of the movie. And he lies to that guy. Then they fly the director home to mean him. He tells the director the truth. I've never acted. And the director's like, well it's pretty impressive you got by all these people. Blah, blah, blah. Long story short, he becomes James Bond. Wow.


How much of this is true? I have no idea. The Zocdoc is incredible because when he tells these stories, they do these reenactments, but they're really Scenes. It's the Zocdoc. It's a Zocdoc. It's like a hybrid. They're actually interviewing George Lazenby. Oh. He's telling his life story. Got it. And as he tells his story, we flash back in. Josh Lawson plays In the Reenactments. Lazenby. Yes. There's something magical. But when you're hearing the stories, they don't sound that crazy. But when then you have to see a human walking through the stories, it's like, well, hold on, this couldn't possibly have happened. Oh, that's funny. It's really funny. And then why it's so famous is the movie comes out, it's a huge hit. It's like one of the biggest, they try to sign him to six more million dollar. So signing bonus in the sixties.


James Bond, you mean James Bond comes out Yeah. Not becoming Bond. Correct. It was in the late sixties or early seventies. And it's an enormous hit. And they, they try to sign him for six more and they offer him a million dollar signing bonus, which at the time is what, don don't know what that is. $10 million now. Yeah. And he turns it all down and he never did. Did one again. Again. It's so complicated. Weird. What does he Say? And? it starts with him. When he was doing press for it, he had a beard and they're like, you gotta shave your beard. You're the new James Bond. You gotta look like Bond. He's like, I'm not gonna, this is me. It's really a story of getting in your own way. Yeah. I mean now. Well, or or what's worth what Maybe to hymn it doesn't matter that he didn't, didn't make that money. He is like, I'm very true and I wanna do this.


Absolutely. I don't want to be Bond. Yeah. I guess it's just nuts to think about turning down six movies and millions. Millions dollars when you're, you'll love it. We had been talking about it at dinner. I'm like, I wanna rewatch that. Lincoln's like, that sounds great. I'm like, yeah, it's so good. Delta had a sleepover. So the three of us watched it. I forgot most of his stories. Almost all of his stories are about how much sex he had. Oh. And with multiple people in orgies. Oh wow. Yeah. And everything went fine. I was just like, wow, this was a little bit different subject rather Than Did they ask a lot of questions? She did not. She was just kinda laughing at a lot of how stupid it all was.


Yeah. She seemed to be on the right side of like how preposterous these stories were. I wonder if the kids these days, the youth, if they like me when I was young, like everything just did go over my head. Right. And like Clueless being the prime example, I was obsessed with that movie. Yeah, yeah. And now I look back at it and I'm, I'm like, why'd I like that movie? I didn't understand any of it. Anything that was happening. No. You just like the clothes and her personality. Probably, I guess going to college, I guess. I mean, a lot of people my age say this like, oh, I, I didn't understand this. I didn't understand this. Yeah. But we, it was huge.


So I wonder if the kids know more now And, it doesn't go over their head. Or, And I also wonder, my kids in particular. Yeah. Which is, we've always been very, very upfront about like, yeah, PE humans have sex. This is penis and vagina and all of 'em in a sperm, blah, blah, blah. So I was more thinking like, well, I would've hated watching this with my parents. Yeah. You know? Yeah. I think, Yeah. Even now. But I also would've hated to see my mom naked. But we're all naked a lot like Europeans. Oh, right. So don don't know. What's the rule about that? They, they decide when, yeah. Okay. That's my theory is that like, there'll be a moment where I will detect that.


She's like, oh, Jesus, dad, put clothes on. Right. And then I will. Yeah. Or I'll lock my bedroom door. I don't know what I'll do. Yeah. Okay. But they seem to be, it seems to be like the way you remember Heidi Klum was explaining. Yeah. And even the notion, her dad, now this is not a goal of mine, but her dad filmed her birth. Right. Yeah. Very euro. Yeah. Very. So I don't intend on filming link any of Lincoln's births. Right. but Yeah, I am most all the, all the other dads I know are in the same zone right now. They're like, don don't know. When is, when are they gonna be like, feel self-conscious about all this And girls versus boys and Yeah. It's complicated.


It is. I have zero memories of ever seeing my dad naked. and I am happy about that. Right. Your mom, would you see her naked? I, I think so. and I have like a vague memory, but barely like, yeah. And nothing that's sticky. I mean, there's a lot of ways to go about this. Theoretically. One, you just start with the fact that, well, we weren't born with clothes. We lived without clothes. No. Other animals are like weirded out by how their physical form looks. Yeah. Right. Like, every animal sees their father's penis. It's on display in the animal kingdom.


So at some point we got really self-conscious about it. And Probably when we learned to talk. Yeah. I don't know. And then there's plenty of footage of, you know, that National Geographic was capturing in the sixties of these villages where people, people are naked. It's, I mean, mean it's cultural. Yeah. A lot of places definitely are way, way, way more open To it. That'd be a funny, that'd be a fun index to look like by country. Most Least nude around family members. Most nude. I bet we're somewhere in the middle there, because I do think probably Asia and the Middle East have a lot of, they're on the other end.


I would think so. I bet we're, we're more middle. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Macy's. Wanna hear two words that no longer have a place in my life. Uncomfortable pants. I've officially retired the stiffest pairs from my closet and practically live in active wear these days. If you're ready to upgrade your closet for fall, Macy's has you covered with an incredible selection of gear from top brands, including Nike, Adidas, Reebok, and more. Whether you wanna stand out at the gym or simply stay comfortable while running errands, Macy's has the perfect active wear to keep you looking stylish and feeling great. Shop now at macy's dot com.


Yeah. That made me think of this terrible thing I read about the new Taliban laws. The edicts they just released. I Don't, I didn't know about. So they're going back to, women have to be covered in public, but beyond that, women are no longer allowed to speak in public. They can't speak in public. And if they wanna fly, they have to have a male chaperone. Take them on an airplane. They can't fly on their own. This is within the Taliban. This isn't like the national No, the Taliban's in, they're the government in charge now. Wait, Where in Afghanistan? Oh. yeah. Oh God. That place has had a wild last 70 years. I know. 'cause Russia came in, they put girls in school for the first time.


And. that was happening. Then they left, then they resumed. No girls in school. Then we came in, think back. I mean the, all this flip flopping. Yeah. That's part of the unrest that you people come in to fix and then leave and then, yeah. And you can't talk in public. Oh my God. They're Not allowed to look directly at men either. Yeah. Can't look at that. They're Not related to blood or marriage. Wait, say the last. They can't look at any men that they're not related to through blood or marriage. Oh, can't look. Well, a guy's like, Hey, hey, you're on fire. I see smoke. That's, oh Fuck. Oh, it's, It's nuts. In 2024, I'm Planet Earth. I know. Fuck.


I know. I hate it. Sorry to be a downer, but whatever. We were just talking. Do you wanna move there now? No way. I want women to look at me. Are you kidding me? I couldn't live in a society where women aren't looking at me. I'm hoping every woman looks At me. You would, you would love it though. 'cause then like if they do, you'd feel you get so much approval. Oh, I guess that's right. But how do they know they wanna look at you unless they've already looked at you? Well, it's kinda like love is blind that show. I don't watch that everyone watches and, and loves. Yeah. They don't see the person, but they fall in love with their personalities, I guess. I mean the, it'd be great for mansplaining. 'cause you just do all the talking. They're not allowed to talk bad. Exactly. You just hear yourself talk. Oh, what a nightmare.


Oh my God, it's so bad. Oh, that makes me sad. So. yeah. My hunch is nudity. Iss probably not super. That's my guess. Embraced there. That's my guess. Well, moving, moving on to this very light, I Relayed all of your compliments to Kristen last night, and she was very touched by all Of it. I told her two, she's, She's a real Powerhouse. She's powerhouses outrageous. She really is. She's so Good. And the brosky. Yeah. He's so good too. So charming. The most Yeah. You just like it, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's good. The chemistry. Yeah. You never feel threatened. I don't. That's Good. Yeah. I think I, I assume.


Well, what do you think? I think, well, a, I think it, it weirds people out a bit. That What? That you don't get Drunk that don don't care. Right. Or that I'm not like, oh, why is my wife kissing someone? And then I think because that's such a foreign thought to them, they start filling in the blanks of why I am like that. Mm. These are all machinations in my head. Yeah. What do you think they're thinking? Well, I've seen what I, I mean, I've seen like news articles, where we're we, we host orgies and stuff. Right? Oh. Like, so I know. Some people are filling in like a really crazy level Sure. Of explanation and So. yeah. I'm like, oh, are they jumping to some idea that we have an op an open relationship or something, which we don't. Yeah. And then what are they, you know, how are they explaining it?


Yeah. I guess just when you're trying to guess at something you can't really relate to. I I get nervous about what your conclusion might be. Yeah. What do you think? I think a lot of people can relate to that. Yeah. That I think Agreed. I think most people would feel feelings worried around I, whether it's worry or jealousy or straight up anger. I don't wanna see that. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's the most common thing. But I also think that those people aren't actors and you don't, and it's, it is different. Yeah. And you are also an actress, so you've been on the other side. It's also one thing if one person's an actor Yeah. And the other person isn't, and then they have, that's probably hard.


I bet I would feel Oh. yeah. Oh, I know it. I've heard. Yeah. I've heard many, many terrible stories. It's generally actresses who are married to a guy who's not an actor. Yes. Who was quite jealous of all their, there was this Oh, we had, when we had Pamela Anderson on Yeah. It's like Tommy Lee would go sit on set anytime she had a scene that she had to kiss somebody and like be at the monitors and shit. And again, that's, it's so like, ownership be And. that part's tricky. It's not the greatest side of ourselves. It's Not. Yeah. But I also, it's all a search for safety and comfort. Yeah. And when you link up Yeah. With someone, you wanna feel that you're prioritized.


Yeah. And. that you guys are a unit and you're safe. And, and even though, you know, we have a 50% divorce rate, I think when you're in your marriage Yeah. You, you hope that it's indestructible. And so I, I understand. But what's also funny is it doesn't really, it wouldn't even be, if you were jealous, it wouldn't be even the most logical place to start. So interestingly, like on House of Lies where she hooked up with a bunch of people, Brody being one of them. Yeah. If I had to assess who was a potential threat in that whole universe of that show, it wasn't any of her scene partners. It wasn't anyone she was kissing on screen.


It would be Josh Lawson. Yeah. He's so funny. Yeah. He's so likable. Yeah. He's he's so personable. Yeah. So like, I'm not sitting there worrying about she's kissing Brody in a scene that would be the wrong person to even worry about. Or in the good place. I'm not worried about William Jackson Harper. I'd be much smarter to think about how often she's hanging out with Mike Cher, the creator of the show. Yeah. Oh. yeah. So it's not even like, God, I love, even if I were a very jealous person, it would be probably the wrong person to be worried about. Yeah. You don't even have the thing about Mike, or, I mean, you have said if, if, if of anyone, he's of anyone. He's, I can acknowledge I can't compete with the offerings that she likes about him.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. He's a special guy. Yeah. But I don't, I really don't I don, I don't spending any time thinking about it. I think feeling confident in your relationship is a hu is, I mean, I don't wanna, I don't wanna insinuate that if you Do have those feelings, you're not confident. They're Not confident. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's not true either. But I think there's also, you know, people have different, we talked about this on synced a lot because Liz really like cheating is a, is a huge fear for her. Okay. Of like, being cheated on is a really, really big deal. Yeah. and I think that's for ma many people. Yeah. Like that's the line. Yep. That can't be crossed. Yeah. And But, everyone has different lines.


Exactly. I just have different lines. Someone might think I don't have lines. I totally have lines. Yeah. But they're not that. And of course I have conviction in mind. I actually think most people are worried about the wrong thing. This is what I think is wrong. I will stand on this hill and die on it. Okay. I think a lot of people would prefer an unhappy acrimonious marriage with contempt That's faithful. They wouldn't leave over that. Yeah. Versus I would way prefer cheating and still not have contempt in acrimony all those things. Yeah. So, to me, I think that's a really weird thing to prioritize that much A one-off event versus your life. Yeah. To me feels like the wrong thing to be Yeah.


Vigilant about. But some people, I mean, the level of betrayal that some people can't get over it. Yeah. And you know, everyone's different. Yeah. I've also had the benefit of being in two things and seeing that it had no impact on loss Open relationship. Exactly. Yeah. That, that I do think changes. Yeah. Changes. It also, and admittedly felt as we, I've told stories on here, I have experienced the crippling jealousy where I drove to someone's house to fight 'em. Like I know. Yeah. The pain and anguish of it. I don't want that. Right. it was too much. Yeah. When I was jealous, it was all consuming. Yeah. and I could feel bad for my body. Yeah. In my being. You do a good job though of this is like the positive side to compartmentalization, where you're like, that's a feeling I don't wanna feel anymore.


So I am putting that over here and I'm not gonna feel that anymore. Yeah. And then you are somehow able to do that, which a lot of people are not. Well I think it's like, yeah. That's a really strong feeling also is my, my desire to drink is very strong. And I'm gonna put that over there and I'm gonna ignore that. Yeah. Like, I also have practice in a lot of, Exactly. Yeah. I have bad practice where I was like, yeah, we did that terrible thing. We're not gonna think about that. That's a bad side. But I'd say, yeah. One of the tools that came outta it was like, yeah, I can take a very powerful thing and fucking kick it somewhere. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That is true. Alright, so some facts real quick. Okay. So are VW and Audi the same thing? Yeah. I mean, Audi's a subsidiary of Volkswagen Of the VW group name the other ones.


Is Porsche in there? Yes. Yes. Porsche, Lamborghini. Porsche. Lamborghini. Bentley and Bugatti. Bentley and Bugatti. The bees. Oh, The dogs that talk with buttons in this picture. So there's different mats, some are smaller. This one has a, a lot of buttons in this Washington Post article. Okay. These are called button dogs. And they're perceived ability to communicate by pressing buttons, identifiable by picture symbols or location corresponding to specific words. Pet parents record nouns, verbs, and emotions. And believe the buttons enable their dogs. And in rare cases, cats to ask questions express such feelings as pain or anger and indicate something they want.


I think this is a video. Let's see if I can play. Do you wanna put on the tv? Should We, Do you already figure that out? Yeah, you figured it out. Oh my God. Do you think we can Rob? Yeah. If you wanna email Me yet. Oh my God. This, this is exciting. I feel like we're going live to Carol at Times Square. There he is. Oh my God. Look how high tech this is. This Is so high tech. Oh my God. Welcome to the future, everybody. High tech. Okay. So just Tell me what you wanna do. I can control it from Here. Okay. So scroll down. I think there's a video. That video. Let's see if we can watch it. I Just think there's a lot of inferring going on in these videos.


You're like, you're trying to make sense of what the dog's saying. You end up convincing yourself of what it is. So the dog said, I help. You're right. I help. Oh my gosh. You're right. But then what happened? We don't know that's over. She just said, you're right. You need help. Well, but then they left the room. No, maybe somebody's eye was hurt in, in the next room. Oh, wow. And then they just, the, the two dog owners sit on the couch very far from the dog. This is a, they got a whole, this is a lifestyle. Yeah. Yeah. But hey, if they're happy. Yeah. and I bet their dog's happy as hell. Well, You know, I mean, there are seizure dogs. Oh.


yeah. This, That's the only reason I think this could be true Where they call 9 1 1, but I think it's just one button. Right? Yeah. But no, but it's more that they sense the seizure. Yeah. Which that's pretty impressive. And then I think they can hit a button that calls 9 1 1. But that's a singular button that you'd give it a snack every time at eight. Yeah. But you can't give it a snack when you're seizing. What If it just started calling 9 1 1 all the time. Time though. This is high risk. I actually, I, I've only seen when a seizure dog, they sense the seizure. Yeah. And so they like, they basically get under the person or like create a barrier so that they don't get injured during the seizure. Or I, I saw one video where they like ran and got the medication.


Oh my gosh. Really? Yeah. Yeah. But can you take, and then do they open, open up but didn't see nine one Jar and put it in your mouth? Well, because Aren't you seizing? Well, it's before it's supposed to be, before it happens. Like, Oh, they sense it. Yeah. Pretty, pretty Cool. Oh, that's very Cool. I know I do kind of want one, But what, back to the dog dialing 9 1 1. Okay. That's a lot to, if you deputize deputize a dog. Yeah. And give them permission to call 9 1 1. Sure. If they heard you in the bathroom and you, you had harness and you're like, oh. Oh, would they call, like, this could really get outta hand in a hurry? Things caught. Like, if it was a neurotic dog that was worried about you a ton. My dog seems to be worried about me all the time. Oh.


yeah. I was doing something yesterday. I was laying on the couch and Lincoln was laying next to me and I grabbed her feet and I started eating her calves. Oh. yeah. And Whiskey was like, oh my God, he's acting like a dog. Oh. And he's a, he's the big dog. Like it's almost, I could tell he had been waiting for me to eat somebody for a long time. 'cause I'm the alpha dog. He was like abnormally excited that I was eating her legs. Oh. I thought that sucks. I thought he was gonna be mad that you were hurting Lincoln. Lincoln. Well, she was laughing so he didn't but I. Know, he seemed, oh my gosh. Like, oh gosh. He's Disturbed Clearly. Like yes. He has emotional issues. Big time And that even proves it. Like he's evil, I think. Well, and he is keeping Yes, because he's, he has bitten me.


Buttoned me. Yeah. Twice. Oh, he is bitten me at two dozen times. I Know. You always, you do always say that after I talk about being Well, 'cause I want you to know he loves me, but He doesn't love me. I don't live with him. and I don't, like, I don't, we don't have a relationship. Right. And so he, he has no right to bite me unless he's angry or being mean and bad. Yeah. And he is done it twice. Yeah. and I think he's obsessed with murder. Well, I can't speak on whether or not he is obsessed with murder, but when I tell you that he bites me, it's to tell you. Well, he doesn't dislike you. I'm trying to comfort you. I Know. But it, It doesn't work. It feels dismissive. Dismissive. Like I'm dismissing your experience. Yeah. Yeah.


but Yeah, I hate when he bite, he snaps at me. I have to, I have, well, I shouldn't say I, most of the time it's Kristen. 'cause I make it pretty clear these are y'all's dogs. So you need to take them out at night. Yeah. But I obviously do have to take 'em out a couple, three nights a week. And he's asleep on my bed. and I gotta like, every night it's like, oh God, here we go. It's like waking up an alligator. Ugh. I gotta go like whiskey. Time to go peepee and I. Start pushing on the bed around him hoping that the bed, the movement of the bed Oh. yeah. Will just kind of rouse him. Oh. yeah. Because if he touched the back of him while he's, he doesn't like it in and out of sleep, he's like, like he just can. Yeah. Ugh. Well, can we maybe get him a mat with buttons and let's put murder on there and let's just like see how many times he presses Him.


Yeah. I don't think he would look, we got dog stares for the bed. They're so intuitive. You couldn't, it couldn't be more simple to understand. And we've even like marched him up. Him. But he'll stand, he'll. He'll be at the bottom of the bed next to the dog stairs barking for 45 minutes. Yeah. Won't take Those stairs. But I think that could be stubbornness and manipulation. I Do. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. No, we were, we were debating how to pronounce this word. Sis. Sif. I said Skype. One of you said said sth. I Forget which, I think I said sth Maybe. sth. Yeah. Okay. That's S-C-Y-T-H-S-I-T-H. Is that a different word?


Yeah. I'm thinking of the cut. The big, The knife. The, it's a pole with a moon shaped cutter and I. Think it's for taking down wheat. A Sickle. Oh. S-C-Y-T-H-E. Yeah. How do we pronounce that? Okay. Okay. hold on. Let me bring it up. We are looking at how to pronounce this word as well as how to say more interesting but often confusing words and names in English. So make sure to stay tuned to the channel. This is the name of an agricultural hand tool for mowing grass originally, but also the name of a, hold On, I'm gonna start it here. 'cause Really quick.


It is interesting that the person they picked to tell us how to pronounce stuff, every word he's saying, sounds weird. Popular Board game. And now video game. How do you say it? Si. Si. So I was right. I think you were right. Sthe. Okay. Fuck. Wow. Can't believe that one went my way. I had 9% confident confidence anytime I said sight. So then what is SITH? What is it? A si. But then SITH is saying the same thing. A fictional order of force Wheelers. Oh. Oh no. In the Star. Star Wars. Star Wars. Ah. It's a Star Wars word.


The sth. Yeah. Okay. Uhoh. Sorry. Star Wars people. Well, star Wars people are like, oh my God, how did they know? Know about the sth. I don't know if I can listen to this show anymore. I've never seen 'em. So Any of the Star Wars? Yeah. Okay. If you wanna see if you wanna listen to Adam Brody on Loveline. That is on YouTube. You can find it. Scream Four came out in 2011, which we had talked about a little bit now. Okay. So there's a big discrepancy about Paul Rudd being in some girls And. It's Paul Rudd is in the Shape of Things. Okay. That play. But Ben Movie. Okay. And that's a Neil Le Butte play and movie. Yes. Okay.


and I Love that play. Yeah. And movie. I haven't seen that. Okay. Some girls Is Not with Paul Rudd is with Adam. Brody. Adam. Brody and Kristen. And Kristen. Yeah. Okay. And other people as well. I can't clearing that picture, that movie. I'm wondering if I ever saw it. I know, I read the play. I read all of his plays in college 'cause I was obsessed with him. but Yeah, I don't remember it. And he's maybe an ex Mormon. Is that his? He has some interesting background. Really? Neil Butte, His first work Bash got him excluded from the Mormon church. There we go. I knew there were, 'cause he's from Utah. He converted to Mormonism in the eighties. Oh wow.


What a ride he had 'cause of a marriage. Ah, wow. All right. Tim Simons. Yes. He had a gig as a casting session director, which led to an audition for Veep. So I still am not certain if it, if he was the casting director on Veep or if it was on something else that led to the audition. I'm not clear on that. Yeah, I had heard he was an assistant reading with people on V. Well, That's what Kristen Said. Okay. That's probably why I heard it that way. I think that's probably where you heard it. Yeah, but it's a little, we're gonna have to ask him directly. Okay. And, that I believe Concludes is all.


I kinda wanna use the TV again. No, That didn't really work very well. Okay. Well in that case, Well, that's it. Oh, okay. Well, I love you. Love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Being a part of a royal family might seem enticing, but more often than not, it comes at the expense of everything like your freedom, your privacy, and sometimes even your head. Even the Royals is a podcast from Wondery that pulls back the curtain on royal families past and present from all over the world to show you the darker side of what it means to be royalty. Like the true stories behind the six wives of Henry viii, whose lives were so much more than just divorce, beheaded died, divorce beheaded, survived, or Esther of Burundi, a princess who fled her home country to become France's first black supermodel. There's also Queen Christina of Sweden, an icon who traded in dresses for pants, had an affair with her lady in waiting, and eventually gave up her crown because she refused to get married. Throw in her involvement in a murder and an attempt to become Queen of Poland. And you have one of the most unforgettable legacies in royal history. Follow even the Royals on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge even the Royals ad free right now on Wondery Plus.