
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan Rather and I'm joined by Lily Padman. Hi. We have my sister here today. You Do Not Carly? Nope. Well, my other sister, Lauren Graham. Yeah. Ah, love her. We love having a Parenthood Ian on Lauren Graham, actor, producer, bestselling author. So impressive. Gilmore Girls Parenthood Bad Santa Evan Almighty because I said so. She is a new show out right now on Tubi.


Yep. Free. We love free We learned about Tubi in this episode. We Did. Yeah. The show is called The Z Suite, which is a comedy exploring the tension between the generations, which is kind of the topic of the day on the show. We're doing a lot of generational stuff. You're right. This whole week is generation. Really? Wow. Wow. God. I love her. Yeah. Most stunning Eyes in the biz. She's So fun and so smart. Very smart. Yeah. And it, it, it's Also smart week. My God. I know. There's a lot of things happen We Didn't, didn't mean to happen. This is all accidental. Please enjoy my sweet, sweet sister Lauren Graham.


We are supported by Ring. You don't have to miss out on what's happening at home with ring cameras and doorbells. You can see and speak to who's there from anywhere with Ring's, battery, doorbell. Plus you can greet visitors, get notified about packages and see what's going on at your front door. And head to toe video lets you see more of what's happening up high and down low. Another great way to check in on home is rings Pan Tilt indoor cam. You can control the camera from your phone and pan around to see what your pets are getting up to. And with two-way Talk you can even say hi to them. Oh, that's so cute. If I get my dog, I'm definitely gonna talk to 'em through with the Pan Tilt indoor cam I love. I have a Ring video doorbell and I really like it and it makes me feel very safe. Yeah, they're fantastic and they're so simple to install with Ring. You can check on Home from Anywhere. Learn more@ring.com.


We are supported by Tropical Smoothie Cafe Unwind and Refresh at Tropical Smoothie Cafe with freshly made smoothies and tropic bowls that instantly transport you to tropic time. One bite or one sip. And you'll instantly feel like your cabana side made with refreshing fruit and tropical flavors. Eating your fruit and veggies has never been this fun. We could make our own arm cherry tropic time smoothie and it could have cherries in it. Oh. Oh. It could taste like our favorite ice cream. A cher in it. Oh yes. So we would, we would add cherries, maybe almond. Let's add some spinach in there For a little spring in your step. Yes. Add more good vibes to your smoothie with fresh add-ins like almond, spinach, kale, chia seeds, and ginger. Or even supplements like protein and energizer at Tropical Smoothie Cafe, it's always tropic time because you deserve a little vacay every day. Order ahead, take the scenic route and earn rewards with the Tropical Smoothie Cafe app. Download it today. Visit tropical smoothie cafe.com to find a cafe near you.


I can't believe this is the setup now. Right? This is very fancy. It's been so long since you were here. I know. I feel like I was one of the first people You were. I looked today. You were April, so you were two months in. There's been 850 people since you, Are we on? Oh yeah. A BR. We're always on a BR. Go ahead. Tell me how it reminds you of Parenthood. I remember there were issues because Parenthood was shot very kind of freestyle Economically. Sure, sure, Sure. And someone say proscenium where like we're doing like a school play. You never knew where the cameras were, but I remember one day and this was not your request, it's just something that happened suddenly there's a bounce board for Dax and I remember everyone kind of being like, why does he get a bounce?


We don't get anything. We're lighting us with a flashlight and Dax got some special. Here's What I told myself. I didn't request that. No. I looked so bad on the monitor. I was the only one that was like, we gotta light that nose differently. When someone puts a bounce board only under your face, you're like, oh fuck. I am the ugliest member of this Cast. That's insane. Remember the day that I was driving by and I thought you were Brad Pitt? Oh, I Will never ever forget it. You know I went back and listened actually to your episode 'cause it was seven years ago. Oh My gosh. Crazy. Wow. So I'm going back thinking this is gonna be rough. This is gonna be month two, but I'm gonna tell you what, this is one of the first ones that I've gone back to that I totally liked it.


Really? Yes. Why do you think that is? I think because I was panicked that I had to guide the thing somewhere at the beginning or that I had to manage what was happening. But you and I have such a effortless rapport that I was just really relaxed. I still interrupted too much. It's not great, but it's better than the other ones. Not to turn this into my interview of you guys. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But what has changed for you? Has it just evolved into now this is something that is better? That's a really long time to have any gig. And you've spoken to so many people. I think it's like acting. At the beginning I was so self-conscious and I stand where like I used to look at the lens on without a paddle.


They had to rotoscope my eyes a bunch of times. I like look right into the fucking camera 'cause I didn't know better. But by Parenthood you're just kind of existing. But that happened in this job. I see too. Whereas like at the beginning I had a lot of fear of am I doing a good job and how do you conduct an interview and all these kind of things. And then just over time I think I don't have any real fear around it at all. But Also it's so successful. Doesn't that change how you start your day? That's Changed a lot of things for us. I think the success of it. Yeah. A lot. I think it's made the pressure a little more. The more we sign deals and start doing those things, then it's like we gotta have big numbers. It almost took away the thing that we started with, which is like, let's just chit chat.


Yeah. The experience of trying to do good and trying to be in the top versus trying to stay in the top is a completely different Pressures so interesting. It really is. And I don't like that. It's not why we did it. But then you can't not start thinking like, well I certainly don't wanna watch this just decline over the next five years. I'd like to stay for today. Today's the day. Today's the day starts. No Parenthood fans are so excited right now. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're new to Instagram, right? I just joined Instagram. Congratulations. Congratulations. It'll be a year around my birthday. Well comments. You learn things that I wouldn't otherwise have known. So I'm very aware that Parenthood is now back on Netflix and in Canada.


Oh, okay. So there are a lot of Canadians right now that are tickled pink. Oh great. I just spent a bunch of months in Toronto and it was just so nice. I'm not just saying that to pander to the Canadian fans. No, it's a legit great city now. It's A great city but it's also a great country. And it was a relief to not be in a lot of dialogue about what's gonna become of us. Yeah. And just like the shopping's great. The restaurants were great. It was really fun. It's the most multicultural place on the planet Selfishly, that just makes the food really good. Oh yeah. Yeah. And when you're there for work, our big thing would be to have like a Saturday dinner. Where are we gonna go? And we just had some incredible food.


A bevy of offerings. Yes. Yes. Yeah. But back to you. Yes. I wanna tell you because right around that time you came over and asked May and I about doing a podcast. That's Right. I pitched you. Yes. Which I didn't understand. There are many things I feel partially because I wasn't on things like Instagram. I am often behind what is happening in our business. I can remember on Parenthood May saying to me, I've just really stressed out about social media. And I said, what's that you Like? Literally what? I Did not know what you explain what that is talking About. I'm jealous of you. Yeah. Well that's changed. I can remember a time when I thought that sitting and watching something on TV and then also having your phone was just like a cracked thing to do.


And now I sort of do that. But we tried years later you and later you're doing your own talk show. And it's I guess the way my brain works because I love talk shows and also we're very different people may and I in terms of how we approach things. She's more fluid and fun jazz. She's jazz In your classical. I'm Sinatra. Yeah. That's nice. I love standards. Want segments. I want standards. I want a chorus and then I want a refrain with A groovy underbelly. Yeah. You know you riff within it but it's hard. How Many did you do? We did essentially a pilot. Because My pitch to you, I remember, what was it I wanted you guys to have basically like a home wares type podcast 'cause you're so into decor and building and she's got a real eye for fashion.


Over the years people have asked me, shockingly for my advice in this space. And my thing is literally pay attention. What do you talk about in your free time? Endlessly. I talk about trauma endlessly. And then that's kind of what the show ended up being. So I've been around you guys. You guys are horny for all this neat stuff. Truly invigorated by aesthetic. That's A fantastic idea. Ours was more, this is one of my best friends and we are 20 years apart. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So the concept was how do we come at things differently? But on the same subject, you ran out of material. What I now think about, but there's no need in this space. I have realized I read more than a lot of people and I talk about what I've reading.


Yeah. You were on a morning show and the co-host handed you three books. That's how known you are for being an avid reader. Spoiler Alert. I had read them all. Wow. You played it off. Like they, they were all novel and new to you. I was so panicked. She was like, here's this beautiful gift. And I was like, I, I've already given this To someone Else because I read it all But it was Jenna Bush and those are her picks. And I read them partially 'cause she picked them. And so I am influenced as well in That space. Yeah. So you'll follow people's book lists. Who do you follow? I don't even follow in the social media sense, but were you worried about your breath just then? Nicotine. Oh, also your eyes look so beautiful. You wouldn't forget These are blue, right? Yeah, Those are blue.


Klon has a hard time Remembering people's eye color. But yours are memorable. Well So are yours. So we're on the nicotine still. I didn't know it came in a spray. Oh Yes. This is the purest delivery system possible. Oh, not the gum. Well I have the minta. The lozenge. You Did used to do the gum though, remember? No, I never was really into the gum. I remember you chewing the gum. Huh? You remember These? I've been on these for 20 years. Right. I dipped for a while but I'm a year and a month off of That. So just Kristen on the Gum. She was on the gum. Yeah. Yeah. She'd always say give a two. She on the gun. Oh yeah. Yeah. Well she loves her nicotine. She's on the spray. We're a nicotine family. That Seems off brand for her. Yeah, she has some things like that. Yeah. Interesting. Pop Out. See if you'll understand this wardrobe choice. It's been a long time since I wore this shirt.


Is this Friday night lights? Yeah. There's the thing I own that has the most connective tissue to Parenthood. No, We had The Mom. Oh. Oh is it our football Team? FNL. Friday Night Lights. I said FNL. Yeah. Yeah. Then I thought I was missing a Parenthood reference because Well this is the closest I have. Oh yeah, Yeah. Knowing you're coming. I'm like I want do something Parenthood, but I don't own anything Parenthood. But I own this, which is connected. I don't know if I own anything. Parent hoodie either. Did you take any props or anything? Like I took the mugs. I took the lunch and Sign. We had the mugs for a while. Yeah. I maybe don't have this anymore. When I moved You Were Marie Kondo, Which I kind of am always anyway. I feel it's an illusion. But that I will finally one day reach the point where my stuff is only what I need and nothing else and it won't bring anything in.


But then you look at the jeans collection and it's like can't stop. It's hard. I mean pair of jeans you think you have, you want Monica to go to first so you don't feel as bad. I have a lot of jeans. I got rid of a bunch recently too. I heard a new rule two out, one in. So If you buy something you have to get rid of two. I'm working on that. How many do you have? Do you fold them or do they They hang. I fold them. Okay. She Has about 16, what are they called? A wars i's Okay. In her one bedroom apartment. Few arm wars. Her entire apartment is armoires. That's too many Armi. I know. But the closet is too small. Yeah. So I had to make more space for said jeans. Yeah. I probably have 20 pairs. Yes. I probably have more than that. What I got rid of, which is bad.


I got rid of the jeans that you would just wear to paint something. And I was like, these are all uncomfortable. 'cause they're like two F Now. I relate to that 'cause I have several pair of jeans that I'm supposed to do work in. I see something, I'm like, oh fuck, I was supposed to cut that down and then I'm doing it and I'm ruining the new jeans. And I'm like, yeah, I'm never ever gonna go inside and get event ized for. Yes. My yard job Event ized is great. I'm just gonna ruin whatever pair of pants I have on. I also realize it's okay to have the jeans because I need to stop thinking I'm ever dressing like a person with a real job because especially here, where am I going? Like a pants suit, Blouses. Yeah. Any of that. On this job, I finally played a character May and I have a joke, which is defaulting to plaid, which has to do with wardrobe choices on most of the stuff I've, I mean, not Lole so much.


She also had nice clothes for a job. But on Parenthood, Mae would be texting me, she'd be like, what are you wearing? And I was like, I don't, I'm defaulting to plaid. I'm just gonna wear like another plaid shirt. Sort of like a groovy ish mom. So that's just kind of my life. And if you're going somewhere fancy, you're gonna do a whole thing. I'm envious of your relationship with Meg. Really. First of all, it's the sweetest relationship. It really is special. It really is. I still get a little thrilled when she'll text me back. Yeah. Because it's not a given. And she's a mom now and she's working and she's in Ireland. She's Hard to pin down. She's hard to pin down. Yeah. If I can get her, I'll panic text her to just get as much out as I can.


I'm really working with this mic. Well you feel very boxed in right now. You Did Claustrophobic. But it is a really special relationship. I feel really thankful for it. It is really flattering. Yes. 'cause she's a blessing on planet Earth. She is one of my absolute favorite people I've ever met. And my envy is that I've been trying to hang out with her for 10 years. Yeah. Yeah. I literally have not seen her socially since we interviewed her. That was it. And I text her and we'll have an exchange and I'll be like, we're gonna hang out. I want to meet her baby so bad. And then I bump into you and like you'll have just seen her. It's Not as much as you think. Okay. And it really is like a Christmas. And some of them have to do with bribing her. I'm like, She needs lawn and equipment or something. Yeah.


Yeah. I'm trying to think the last time. You know, they're in New York now. I don't even know that. Ah, Carlos, her baby daddy is on Broadway in Hades town. Oh wow. Which I feel happy to plug because he's fantastic in it. Carlos Valdez never even met him. He's really great. And so they're in New York for the next while. Wow. With the little baby. And then she got this job in Ireland. So she's in Ireland with the baby. Oh That's a lot. Wow. Wow, wow. It's a lot. Your relationship, does it mimic the show or is it more equal friends? It's More like equal friends. Which is insane because she's young. Which she's like an old soul. To put that in context, she's been on a set since she was a baby. She's been around adult. So she's the only person that I know that's that much younger than me that any reference I make, she gives.


Yes. That mimics a person your own age. And also, this was sort of our concept too when we tried to do a podcast is we've been in show business the same amount of time. Yeah. Yeah. She's wise. There are certain things that I would go to her about because she's one of those people like you are, and I assume like you are, who has a very definite opinion, which I'll really weigh a lot. I'll be like, I don't know, I don't wanna hurt. I get kind of Pisces you about It, Anxieties, people pleasing. And She'll be like, absolutely not. No you can't do that. And I'll be like, right, right now I'm not gonna, well look at her on the show. She's wearing enormous clown glasses. No one else is allowed to do anything. And the third youngest person on the cast is wearing like enormous cartoon glasses herself. She knows herself and she can put a boundary out.


Yeah. She advocates for herself too. Yeah. Early on in the show they had us go on some reality show. What was It, the Voice? Was it The Voice? I think it was the Voice. We had to stand in a weird spot and they cut to us for half a second. It was just me and May. It was a Dreamworks related thing. Oh, okay. And I feel like Howie Mandel was on it. Is that I heard America's Got Talent or One of the game shows he did a game show was like a millionaire Or whatever. It was just cut to us. And she had these giant glasses on. Yeah. And I remember being like, Hey are you sure about about the glasses? Because there weren't glasses she needed. It was just like a fashion moment. And she s wore them and everyone was kind of like, hey.


And even after her dad texted her, grandma's concerned about the glasses, The ones she wore on Parenthood. Begged the question, has she gotten a job cooking at Benny Hana? That's like part of her character. Like cookie, cookie, Cookie. It was Cookie. We were in Turks and Caicos seven years ago. There was a Benny Hana Style. Okay. It wasn't, It wasn't a actual Benny. I don't think it, we don't wanna take, it was a Japanese take away from Steak House where they a name. Right. And one of the cook's name was Cookie and he had glasses on that were like literally two and a half feet wide. Oh my God. And covered his whole face. I think for most tourists they loved Cookie, but it was like watching a mime the whole time. Like I had to leave Cookie. The kids were crying and so Kristen took them out and said it was just us two sitting at this big table with Cookie and D's panicked.


He's like, I can't handle cookie right now. I didn't know how To play along with cookie's routine. I didn't know how to give him one. He, it's A lot to ask of the audience. It was. He did Stressful. The thing like flips the egg into the hat. Poor. That's great. Do that. Sure. But these enormous glasses, Poor cookie. We saw him, didn't we see him? Yeah. He was in a commercial for the place or so. Anyways, he's doing great. Cookie's doing great. But the thing I'll add that Maybe you can't see or would sound arrogant to say is you guys are definitely girlfriends, that's for sure. But she admires you so deeply. She like really has looked up to you since the day you guys met. She has like what me and Tom Hanson have, me and Tom Hanson are best friends, but also he is my dad. He's the dad I wanted.


I think there's a lot of that happening. Yeah. It's so healing when you have that, and I have had this in a couple very rare instances. There's something in the vast enough age difference that is not a family member that can mimic what you wish you had. It's Like a nurturing relationship, which all friendships aren't necessarily nurturing by nature. More than just, oh, I'm in a bad mood. Or gimme advice about my girlfriend or boyfriend. This is more like, hey, anytime you need anyone to take care of you, I'd love to be that person. When you have that instinct towards somebody, it's very sweet and special. It Is sweet and special. But I am not her actual mom. I don't have a responsibility there except to my love.


Yeah. You don't have to model some great behavior. You just have to be available. It's the best version of a familial relationship. That's right. It doesn't have all the baggage around it. It's like the purest. I've never thought of it like that. That's really true. I don't think I have either. But I also have that to some degree with you live With your sister? Oh, I have a great relationship with my half siblings and the sister. We've had the same mom. That loss is very bonding. She was a senior in college and graduated and then came to live with me. Wow. And that is very unique. But I was gonna say with my TV mom, Kelly Bishop, I also have one of those, you know? And especially not having my mom here, but I can still have a martini with Kelly and there's no pressure there for her or for me Really?


Yeah. But you're kind of getting that motherly feeling. Right. It just Would be hilarious. I mean Kelly is such a, gosh, I've never thought about if they are similar at all. My mom was just such a unique, sensitive, very creative. A little naive you said last time. Yeah. A little trusting. And Kelly's so like balls to the wall, you know? Yeah. And she has her vulnerability. Obviously this Runs the risk of sounding like women shouldn't be in the workplace. So I'm gonna acknowledge that. But I will observe in my own wife, ton's on her shoulders. She's the boss of these sets. She's on as are you. And there is one costume designer who she really wants on every job because that woman feels so maternal to her.


And she will often just hug her throughout the day. And she said, I'll often just cry. But it's not sad cry. It's just, I feel so safe in this particular person's arms. And I like that throughout the day. 'cause there's a lot on her shoulders and there's this whole acting the way you have to act in that role as a woman. I don't know. I just think it might be a bit more complicated than when you're the boss. Oh Yeah. And you're a woman in this job. I think you need a soft place to land Occasionally, I guess is what I'm saying. Well it was interesting doing this show. I just did. It was a lot of things I hadn't done. 'cause there was no lead lead of Parenthood.


We all had our strengths and moments. It wasn't the pressure on one person. It's just something has switched. And I guess it's age appropriate. But I am still surprised to be the person people are looking to. They're looking at you to set the tone and vibe of this whole experience. And they care about my opinion, which I'm still like, ha ha. Really? I don't even know what I'm doing. And they're asking my opinion. This is a show where there's a lot of young people. Yeah. And for many of them, it was their first or second experience. Yes. I watched it. And no insult anyone. They were all fresh faces for me. I'm also 51. I missed your birthday thing. I wasn't here. We canceled it. Oh really?


Because you weren't here. I wish that was true. You ruined my 50th. You were saying, I was gonna tell you after the interview in a corner. I was like, well she's not coming then why the fuck are we doing this? But yeah, that was still surprising. And it was fantastic. I had a director producer who I knew and that ended up being this huge big piece of it. And I didn't realize until we were in it. I was like, thank God I worked with him. I know this guy. My boss is an incredible writer and really a great boss. Much younger. It's like her second or third show. And so there was a lot of people asking my opinion, and it can be lonely, Can I guess that you have to be the grownup. Like we could be on set together.


If you and I had a scene together, we could complain about the director. There was a whole strata above us. And we could be little misfits who are bonded in this. Yes. But you can't take that role now. No. You can't shit on anyone. You can't complain. No. And even I had some day when one of the cast had a complaint about something. I was like, oh, I know it's bad. Or something and And you could see them perk up. That feel validated. They felt validated. But I was like, Ooh, I can't really be doing that. Yeah. Because your opinion means I can. Yeah. Because then they go say, you know, Lauren. But so that was a surprising place to be. And it's like the thing I'm talking about of, I'm always a little bit behind. I don't think it's bad because the people who have a very strong sense of their place and kind of who they are, that can go in the wrong direction.


Yeah. Yeah. Or there's too much sense of importance. But it's a place you tend to have earned. And I need to be comfortable in those shoes. I always remember in Tina Faye's book when she's talking about 30 Rock, she's comfortable as a writer. She'd been a performer. She hadn't been the lead of a TV show opposite Alec Baldwin. And she said, I realized at a certain point I had to stop apologizing within my performance. Mm. Which is just such a phrase I think about, I had a sense of, I don't wanna be like, yeah, I'm the boss, but I mean, and sort of apologize. That's a very gendered thing. Well Definitely Yes. Right. We'll have these brilliant fucking experts on their professors and they would say this astounding thing that their data just backed up and they go. Or you know, that's at least what we found.


It's like, oh, you need even need to say it at that point. You don't. You have the data. It's really bake In and still being apologetic as women. Yes. More than men. And adding a little escape for you to not feel so threatened that I just knew more than you. Staying likable is a thing that women carry that men do not Do. They not though We do. I just think it's different. Well, being Likable for a man is, that is exuding confidence. Yes. It's true. They're not trying to balance being dominant and being submissive all at once. Yeah, Right. This experience was positive. I balanced it pretty well. And then I watched this little thing on Instagram. Maybe you guys have heard of it.


Oh My God. Tell us. We just got off. I'm trying to get off of it. I know, I know. That actually was May. May was like, I think you've waited so long that the cooler move is to not do it at all. But I just felt pressured. You gotta gotto if you're realistic. Somebody Said to me, you think you're not on social media, but you are. You're just not speaking for yourself. Others are, as Gilmore Girls in particular, just continues to have this Presence and let them come here directly from you. And also you're an author, the authors we have in, they're on press tours. Actress could never even comprehend. You're killing yourself to get people to read a book. So If you have opportunity to put that in front of millions of people's eyes, it'd be insane not to.


But this is a pattern of yours. Oh. Oh, Here we love patterns. Yeah. Yeah. Remember trauma earlier. First of all, I loved the Gilmore Super Bowl commercial, but I did remember we would talk about doing commercials when we were shooting Parenthood. And you were just like, I just can't wrap my head around. You were so curious why Kristen and I kind of were just like, oh fuck yeah, we'll go. We'll go sell some phones. This Is a great example, which is my agent has been saying to me for a very long time. It doesn't now ding what you're trying to do as an actor or a writer. The best one is, I got this offer when this stuff was still kind of early sometimes when I don't know if I should do something. I'm like, what would so and so do? Yeah. And I was like, this person would a thousand percent not do it.


And I passed on it and that person ended up doing it. What? What did That person make you shored up your decision with? Yeah. And I was like, wait, What? That was the universe giving you a gift? That's Maybe so I feel differently about it now. Yeah. And I felt differently also the whole way it was approached was very respectful and I thought would be fun for people. Because that's the thing I think about, especially with Gilmore Girls fans, is, is this good for them? You Just have to treat it exactly as you would treat a TV show you're offered. Right. Which is like, is this good? Will this be fun to watch for 30 seconds? Right. One Of the things that I long ago may have been concerned about is the separation between character and person. I wanted to be able to play different characters.


And ultimately in TV you end up using so much of yourself that separation isn't that broad unless you're on Downton Abbey or something. Yeah. And even then, but yeah, I had a different kind of sense of preciousness. Well, when I was re-listening to the episode from seven years ago today, you were talking about this intense pressure you put on yourself out of college. And you had started early, yet now you were behind and this terrible fear of making the wrong choice and fucking up, which was really present in your early life. And I think also part of it is just, you know how hard it is to get here. You know how hard it is to end up on Gilmore Girls. Two dozen people have a show like that for the rest of their life. And so you are terrified you'll make the wrong decision and fuck it up and you'll make it go away because you went into this other thing.


It's like this is very consistent eyes all when I was listening To it. I think I have it less so now. You started to say you saw something on Instagram that we got really derailed. I think it was gonna be positive, but I don't remember. This is a funny story from Falon. You did post a cute picture of you with the billboard for The Z Suite behind you in Times Square. But I think people might not realize this funny aspect of those billboards. Did We have one for Parenthood? I was so thrilled by this. I was like, this has never happened before. Which is not true. We would have Gilmore Girls on the Barum where Warner Brothers is. Yeah. Like a billboard. And it kind of didn't occur to me because once again, a little bit behind that. Now they're video, they, they're not paper anymore.


They're moving pictures. Yeah. There's not a guy with a fucking wall, which You still have wallpaper sunset, you know, there's still like a painted billboard. So someone had sent me a photo of it. First of all, I walked there from downtown. I was so excited. I was just like a dork. And then I get there and that area is not an easy place to just stand No. And not be doing something. It looks a little suspicious. Yeah, for sure. Then I didn't realize that it's not just my billboard, it's ads for 55. Others says like Harrison Ford is a movie coming out and somebody's dropping a hot single and like, so I'm standing there and the first time I missed it, this is the other problem. It makes me so frustrated because I don't wanna be the person who's like, I don't know how to do this Newfangled.


There's more than that too. 'cause you and I, we have bonded over this before you and I fucking hate getting our picture taken. Hate. I don't ever need to see my face as long as I live again. So just the notion that I've gotta take my own picture of myself at a really bad angle with a terrible lens. We're not set up for success right outta the gate. No. There's no part of me that's like, yeah, loving light. Like it's not something I'm proud of. That's just how it is. And so recently I went to apply for something and they were like, send a recent photo. I was like, I don't have one. Like I just don't have one. I'll send the billboard. So I'm standing there waiting, waiting, waiting, waiting. 'cause I missed it once. Waiting to cycle through all these things and people are like kind of looking at me, which is my second worst nightmare. And then there was a guy who stands there to take people's pictures in Times Square.


And he was genuinely like, oh I got competition now. Right, right. And then I found the good spot. But the good spot was me standing, but I'm filming behind myself. You Gotta get that billboard in your face. Which Is hard. You couldn't even tell it was me in the picture. Me was freezing cold. It was text, it was freezing cold. I had like weird glasses on like a hat. You look very cute. Thank you. Closer to me than you are now. Was a hotdog man. Oh god. Who was also kind of looking at me. 'cause as much as this is our world now, people are rightly like, what are you filming lady? Like I'm making a hotdog. What more do you need to know? It was like you're pointing the camera him. Yes, yes, yes. And so he after a while was kind of like, can I help you? You know? And I was like, I am so sorry.


I am just tear. I felt so stupid. Anyway, this is my billboard. It was harrowing but I got it. Oh, That's funny. But you said it took you 30 minutes. I think this is a sign of personal growth. I walked away, I was like, I saw it, it's fine. And then I stopped halfway down the block and I was like, Lauren Graham, you walked up here through Times Square. And this is a moment just it don't embarrassed. Yeah. There's so many things I don't do 'cause I'm too embarrassed. Right. And so I was like, fuck, I'm gonna do it. Where did that come from? I don't know. Some People aren't embarrassed. Really? I find it odd too. We have one daughter, Delta, who doesn't have an ounce of self consciousness in her. Good job. And what a thing to observe. What a thing. Your life can be so fun.


Yes. I can't believe it. I mean it's her mom. Yes. Kristen largely is quite unselfconscious. And what a fucking, and Where does that come from? That's the better question. It's Genetic. We can't train her to do that. She just came out like Kristen. But Modeling, she grew up seeing her. And I feel like in your interesting with embarrassment, you get embarrassed but you also like getting embarrassed. Yeah. That's my way of taking the power back. Right. 'cause I do get very self-conscious and very embarrassed. But I'm so stubborn. I refuse to let that be a defeat. So I have to. But now I genuinely do. Michael will tell you, we were at the movies and I was carrying the biggest like a comical, If you were directing this scene, you go the popcorn's too big. They don't Make them that big. Right, right. I don't Know how starving I was at that point. Or I thought you and Jess were gonna take a lot of it.


Yeah. But I had a, had a gallon of popcorn and I had sincerely a hundred ounce diet coke. Right. And then some milk duds or something and we're walking and I slip as if there were a banana peel on the steps. Oh my gosh. And I go completely up in the air and land on my back and the fucking popcorn got thrown up in The air. It was cartoonish. And even before I land, I'm laughing so hard that I know I'm also gonna almost pee my pants. Yes. So like once I land, I'm now pinching my penis. 'cause I'm afraid I'm gonna pee my pants. Pants. Were You literally pinching it? Yes. 'cause I know to do that if it's gonna be bad, I just put some pressure on that. Oh, So the embarrassing part was the popcorn. Yes. I'm very proud Of there. You are a grown man. No, that's a guy who knows how to handle his business.


True. Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is everything a credit card should be. It's easy to manage. Built to be secure, and gives users up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. The best part about Apple Card is applying as quick and easy. Apply in the wallet app on iPhone and see your credit limit offer in minutes. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC terms and more at Apple car.com.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, to check that you brought your towel first before diving into a swimming pool. Or like you know, to check that you have the tickets in your wallet first before you drive two hours to the big game. And they won't let you in. Like you know to check your trunk for reusable shopping bags first before you get to the grocery store checkout line and need to buy paper bags again. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


We are supported by Squarespace. Ready to share your great idea with the world. Get your message out there with an amazing website designed with Squarespace. Squarespace is where we designed our website. That's right. And our merch site, which is back up and running. It has new cute Merch. So functional, so beautiful. It's so easy. Whether you're a photographer, small business owner, or have a passion project, having a professional website isn't just nice to have anymore. It's essential. And Squarespace makes it ridiculously easy. Their drag and drop templates are gorgeous right out of the box. And you don't need to know a single line of code. Plus every site comes with built-in SEO tools, analytics, and even e-commerce features. If you wanna sell products, you can get up and running in just a day. So why not make that day today? Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to get started, go to Squarespace dot com slash dx to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dx to get started today.


I don't think I've ever seen you be embarrassed because you have that way about you. And especially in this role, you are in charge. You know how to put the other person at ease and also be like, thank you so much. Goodbye. You're the host of this moment of somebody coming up to you. And Again, no, I'm just saying I think that's a control thing. I think I was very self-conscious as a kid. Yeah. And then I just at some point was like, we're gonna have to approach this differently. 'cause I mean, I'm just highly self-conscious as is my other daughter who's very much like me. They're in the same house with the same instruction. Right. It's pretty wild. Right. One question I didn't ask you last time is how well do you think you could do on the SAT today?


Our friend Lauren was a SAT tutor for the Princeton. Like a Good one? Yeah. Yeah. The Princeton Review. That Was a little bit of a racket I have to say. Oh. In that my SATs were fine. I don't remember. They were Like 1500 ish. That's really good. What are they out of? 16. 1600 back then. Anything above thirteens pretty good. I think So. I don't even know. It was 13. I bet you were in the fifteens. I don't Think so. You're very bright. Because I remember there was an expectation that I would score higher. Okay. That some teacher was like, I'm surprised you didn't do better. That's always great. But I was a tutor in some capacity. I scored well enough on the test you had to take to teach the test it's kind of thing. Which was probably a sort of ANS a T.


And then you learn the test and that made me a teacher of other tests I'd never taken. So it was a good gig. Having that gig just led to more teaching of tests. My two questions are one, you would've had to inadvertently pick up the whole test at some point. Yeah. Yes. Like I'm saying, If you would've taken it at the end of that job, you probably would've gotten a pretty outstanding score. Well, I don't know what the test is now. I think there's more free form writing, which there should be. Because otherwise what you learn in learning how to teach that test is how to take a multiple choice test. Yes. Right. Which is how many you should eliminate. It's not really learning vocabulary or math or anything. It's like a tactical approach.


Yeah. And I'm not sure it would still work, but I think the way you have a good vocabulary is reading, writing. And I still read and write a lot and I play every single New York Times game that is on the phone. Is that doing anything for me? I don't know. I Think so. Connections are obsession. Every Single one. There's one that's called, I forget, but it's strands. Is Strands the one where you're doing the word. It's like a word search, but you can go all over the place. There's that one that's new, but there's the one where you have to do words. Letterbox. Letterbox. Thank you. Thanks. What's letterbox? Letterbox is, I find a good challenge because you have to use up all the letters within a certain number of words. Oh, you can repeat.


That's a good one. You sort of strategically like, how am I gonna work the queue in kind of thing. Oh, it's Interesting. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. So when you were doing that job, there's a very weird comparison, but I think of Epstein, right? He was like a teacher at a private school. He was lying about his credentials and teaching at a private school and he wooed this man whose kid he was teaching, who was a big investment banker and ended up getting a job with that guy through having met through the kid. So I went to your SAT thing and I was like, did you interact with all these privileged kids? And did the dads come and make moves on you? What was happening? No, at this time I'm 22 or three, so I'm still a little closer to the 18 year olds.


Yeah. I remember questions, not in any kind of way, but I remember having a student where I was like, I would go out with this guy. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. But the thing I noticed the most, I would go out with this guy Later, later, but I also led bike tours a couple of summers. And in those jobs you don't really see the parents. This is more the thing where they're like, you guys good? Okay. Bye. So the interaction with the parents was pretty low, I have to Say. Okay. But the SAT tutor, you would do it in their homes? Yeah. I, I had more success as a waitress. Sure. Dated bartender. That's your weird, fun dichotomy as a human, I think That I'll date the bartender. Yes.


Because you have a healthy dose of anxiety and overthinking things, but there's also a side of you that understands restaurant culture and can get down. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think if I didn't have the other one, I'd be unbearable. I'm a fun, I'm a good hang. You can party and restaurant is like a pretty good hang. But the other person who always asks did people hit on me is Ray Romano. Because among my many waitressing jobs, I was a cocktail waitress at the improv in New York City right out of college. You're beautiful, but you were, hold on, don't fucking do this. You were a fucking smoke show when you were younger. I've seen a lot of these pictures of you recently text super curly hair. I did not identify that way.


But You were, you just missed it. Thank You. I also think I maybe gave off. First of all, I'm doing these jobs. These jobs are really hard. I just wanna go home and go to sleep. I was always a person who had a long-term boyfriend or no thing. I was not like a dater. But the other person who always says, did I hit on you was Ray Romano at the Comedy club. He wonders if he himself hit on you. He can't remember. He assumes he did and he did not. Oh, that's kind of an insult If you Exactly. If you really do the bad. Exactly. And he's asking me more than once. I'm like, Ray, if I tell you one more time, What I hear is he really regrets not hitting on you. That's what I hear. I'll take it. He's the best. But I do have a thing for, you know, comics are just real tough, but I love them so much.


Well, they're challenging, which is a good thing and a bad thing. It's A rough life, but it's brutal. It's really fun. It's brutal. It's a mean, brutal world. And I can't imagine it now for people. My godson, Clyde's buddy, they're 23, he's moving to New York. His dad is a successful screenwriter and he knows the business and he's going to New York to try his hand at standup. Wow. Yeah. Guy applaud it. I Remember from the club, people would sit in the back. They were supportive I guess. But also there's that thing of like, maybe they'll die and then I won't die. And you know, it's a real more cutthroat thing. There's been obviously all this stuff around the Saturday Night Live 50th. I can't get enough. I've read every book, I have watched everything to do with it.


But for my money, there was not enough time spent on people's auditions. And there's a whole series about it. But there's a thing where bill haters and the elevator and one of them had props and the other one didn't have props. It was like Andy Sandberg and him, and they're being like, shoot, I should have brought props. The other one being like, I shouldn't have props. Yeah. That thing is like how did start these careers is so fascinating to me. When you say you didn't identify as the smoke show that Dax identified you as, then were you like, my quote worth is in humor is in being smart. Those things. She skipped a grade. I skipped a grade when I was little and I was one of the only kids in school whose mom was not around. So I think those two things were weird at the time. It teaches you to read a room and we all have a version of what our sensitivity is to reading the room.


I think May has a really developed reading the room from being in a lot of rooms with a lot of hundred people and having a sense for your own success and protection of how am I gonna get through this? How To survive It. Yeah. And so I think that maybe put me on a little bit of a back foot being younger than everybody. And I could read to the degree that they skipped me out of kindergarten. Yes. Somehow I didn't borrow from that. This is a privilege and a really cool thing. I was always sort of trying to lay low. My dad remarried. I, it wasn't without women. Great aunts and friends and babysitters even who were fantastic. But it's not like having a mom in the house. Well, You're staring at your whole childhood going, right. Oh, and you put on makeup that way and you do this, any of that.


Oh. And she said hi to dad that way. And he kind of blushed. Yes. And it's really driven home right now because my one sister has three kids, but my other sister has one who is a four and a half year old now, which is the age my mom sort of started to go. They live in Manhattan and I see them a lot. So I'm seeing this age. Yes. And this experience is not as present for me as it was, but clinically I can look at it, especially knowing this child as I do and see what that age is. I never really saw it. Imagine her now without her mom. Cannot imagine. I had the same story about my dad. I'm like, oh, well I didn't ever have one. So I didn't pine for it. I didn't miss him 'cause I didn't have it, but bullshit.


Yeah. But my father did an incredible job. There was lots of family around. I had lots of cousins having this unconventional for that time. Yeah. Now it's less unusual. You were certainly the only kid in your whole high school being raised by their dad. By the high School. He was remarried. Okay. I was the only kid in elementary school who did not have a mom in the picture. And they were curious about it. The teachers would be like, who does your hair? Because it was still a more traditional time. It would always be a thing if there was a show and costumes needed to be sewn. And my dad would ask his secretary. Right. You know, like stuff like that. Wait, I'm sorry. Did she, She went to England. She left. Okay. She was pursuing a singing career at the time. She was. She was pursuing all kinds of things and I think they were so young.


I don't know that she had an idea of what it was going to be. You're incredibly fair. In the first interview to her and your dad, they were both very, very young. They got married and the dad took off to Vietnam for two years to be an interpreter. And they were in Japan. Well, Who we worked for was U-S-A-I-D, which is recently in the news for being somewhat dismantled. When I read that this morning, I was thinking, wow, yeah, you actually have a connection to that. Sorry, I Got confused because we had talked at the beginning about her passing. She also died when she was 16. She also Died. Right. Last year they only split, but then she got ill in her fifties. Got it. It was a pretty stressful path, but I would go to England to visit her.


And then meanwhile my father had my sister and my brother and a much more nuclear and traditional and very warm family. I had all the experiences in a way, I don't wanna say that I had no confidence. I did and do. And also I think I didn't identify in high school, there were the girls who were the sanctioned pot girls. It didn't feel like a lack or anything. And like I had a high school boyfriend. Not that that's the gauge, but I mean No, but it is. Its a little bit. Do you feel like eyes are into you? And I will say my mom, people would stop on the street. She both was beautiful, but also she really owned it. She dressed the part. She had a kind of swagger. I just was like, okay, that's not me. Like it wasn't a judgment even.


It was just a different way of being and being in the world and aging was difficult for her. I'm gonna stop psychoanalyzing you, but the one thing I'll add is I think whatever parent takes you, you'll have a loyalty to that parent that you have to, this just occurred to me interviewing Josh Brolin. Just think of the notion that you recognize these adults can split If you just acknowledge that's a reality. One of your parents can bail, presumably the other one could. I don't know. Right. So you have this really deep loyalty. And so for me it was like, I'm like my mom. I'm not like that guy that abandoned her. Well, I'm very much like him. Yeah. They gimme me my whole life to recognize. No, in fact, I'm kind of a carbon copy of him. But I was defining myself in opposition of him because he didn't have qualities I admired.


He wasn't around. So I don't know mean, mean subconsciously. You also identified more with your dad. Totally. And wanted wanted to identify. And he was a cerebral competent. Yeah. And funny to party overachiever. Yeah. Yeah. And it was not even that I didn't want to be what my mom was. It's just so mystifying. I would go visit and yes, she was in a band or she was in fashion and people really reacted to her. My sister carries herself like she's got such incredible sophistication and great fashion sense and I'm in like a high top Reebok, you know? It just was different. So it wasn't even a loss. Obviously not having her in my life is a loss. And when we talk about identity and how you both are given yours and craft it as well.


Yes. I was like, I like being one of the guys. I really comfortable there. And that came with being fun and funny. The party that you are, how was the Super Bowl really Fun. I've gone twice to work there. It's a little overwhelming for me. It's totally Overwhelming. Okay. Are you kidding? With all this stuff we just talked About? And then I was telling Monica, I don't ever worry about terrorism. I just start thinking like, well this would be an ideal place. And I'm here. And why? I don't even care. I mean especially now. And Trump was there. So on the one hand, more security, on the other hand, Great target. Sure. I was with Joel McHale. We love each other. He makes everything fun. But this was the same group. 'cause I went to Fox Fronts this year. 'cause Tub Visa's a Fox subsidiary at the Fox Upfronts.


It was me, Joel, John Ham, a couple maybe other TV shows. TV now is football. Oh a hundred percent is It was like 10 football players. And again, girls guy, I was really happy there. I was like, yes. Everyone's like three feet taller than me. I was just like, I love being around a bunch of You felt like a tiny little shocks. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, he stinky Little anyway, Don't break me. But also Ham's Great. Will Anette was there. I was very comfortable. So our box was Joel, Rob Lowe, Gordon Ramsey, who was lovely. That made it fun. And that you're just there with snacks and people stop by, but you don't really see the game. No. From there that's people were like, how's the halftime show? I was like, it was this big.


Yeah. So what an honor to go and be asked. Last thing I want to say before we get to your show, we both have read the share biography. It's so good. How fucking good is that biography? Even If you don't care about Cher, which I don't know how you can't, it's such a snapshot of a different time. Oh my God. Of a different Hollywood, of a different Los Angeles. There's a strength to her version of her story that I thought, well If you get to choose, that's the way to do it. It helped that she was wildly talented and to a certain degree nobody was gonna mess with her. She did get her own leverage and broke free. So you're right. Since she landed on top right, it's probably easier for her to see it that way. And I think as we do, she's replicating or finding familiar what was already going on in her life and her childhood, which was not a huge amount of stability.


And my own version, I was out on my bicycle. I had a paper route at like 12. We didn't know the things we should be worried about. As much as we know today, there's so much to worry about now and so many ways to worry and so much access to things to worry about. And it just was a different time. I even think when I first came here in 96 or seven, I had a little bit of money in the bank. I had done some commercials, which I wasn't too, you know, too Precious for. I was wondered if the reason you didn't want to go back to 'em is like it represented something. No, I had a blast. But I'm doing commercials as like, you guys should try Liquid Death or whatever. Which, why is it called that? That's not a good commercial When you question the Name and maybe there's a reason Liquid Death, what could be more refreshing?


Yeah. We nailed Why did name it that? No, I love doing them. I made money. And also even when we did that Walmart thing, there are a couple of skills I have that do not help me in any other realm except in the realm Twitch. They belong. Like If you tell me that something was 32 seconds and you needed it to be 30 seconds, I can pretty much do that. Yeah. You know Monica Delmore commercials in both of us combined. She's been in a hundred because she's the most successful commercial actors I've ever met in my life. That's amazing. She regularly had five nationals running. Oh. At the same time. Oh my God. And what is the world of it now? Is it still good Money? I haven't done 'em in a long time. Two, it was good money. Yeah. But not, it wasn't As good like it was.


No, that was the promise. Like you could get this one commercial and you could get $250,000 and that never happened. But it was a fun little time. Yeah. As an actor starting out, it gave you a day. Here's my day, I'm going to this audition, I'm gonna run into so and so. I'm gonna have lunch at the diner. You had the illusion of being productive. Exactly. Yeah. Okay. One thing you have to say to Monica, 'cause she's, I don't wanna say the Biggest know, I see it on your paper and I'm so excited. You already titillated, right? Yeah, I am. But you've met Taylor Swift. I have. Oh, Tell everything. I learned this. This is fun. Backstage I was flying to Elizabeth with Lincoln and we had not had the passport. And then we got it and then we had this five hour layover for the next flight. And then God bless the universe, you and Sam Pancake are at the counter.


So we got to spend a couple hours in a lounge together, which was the longest time we had spent together in a couple years. I cherished that little me too layover. But that's where I learned this story. The Sam Pancake. Oh, he's the most lovely, talented, it's her best friend who's, he's the best really funny actor. The best. Oh fun. He's fantastic. I had a book that had come out the year before, but then the paperback came out. We did a live event and then we got asked to do another one. And then we were like, hold on, maybe this is what we're doing now for a while. Yeah. And so were we going to Scotland, I think. And yeah. And it just was traveling with my buddy. We kind of made it into a show and he was like the moderator. It was really fun. Cool. But that's where we ran into you guys. I was at a small party. I know some people who know, I didn't know she was gonna be there.


I just was trying to be so cool or something. But she was lovely. And she asked about Gilmore Girls. She said, did you know it was gonna be such a thing? I just walk in. I don't wanna lean on this. I'm growing and maturing, but I assume no one knows anything and no one has seen anything. Which is Literally impossible. But that's How I move through the world as well. I think it's just safer that way. But it's not a false humility. Yeah. I just assume she's a very busy person. It's best to start there. You're super pleasantly surprised with the other thing. Yes. This Was a couple years ago too. It's even grown since then. She just was really lovely. I'm friends with Jenny Hahn, who is the showrunner of the summer. I turned pretty among other things. And Taylor had given the song to use.


It was part of the show. And so I sort of said, you know Jenny and she knew what I was talking about. And then I just was like, anyway, so, so You're much younger, but I'm very intimidated by you. Were you or no. Intimidated by her. It was more like, I didn't wanna bother her, but we're at a small party. She had friends there. It's a version that I'm really trying to get rid of. Which I've had with some actresses I have admired and worked with Diane Keaton and Meryl Streep of that thing where I'm like, surely you have other things to do. But now sometimes I'm in that position. Yeah. And I'm like, not really. Exactly. Yeah. Like you think you're being respectful, but you could also be being read as aloof and disinterested.


Oh God. They could walk away thinking she had zero interest in me. We worked together for two months. She didn't ask me a single question. Right. I was in Godfather. She could have inquired about that. So you wanna know anything Or even if they know what's happening, that's still sad for them. Probably. Like no one feels that they can come talk to me for real. Or I have that with Candace Bergen too. In that movie that I did with Joel, she couldn't have been nicer. And we ended up sitting next to each other. I've read all her books, I've seen everything she's ever been in and I don't know, it's just bad. This is the day that it doesn't exist anymore. I'm gonna talk your era off. Yes. Beware the next person who works with me because, oh, this is what I was gonna say. I remembered the Instagram thing. Oh, yay. Which is


Tuby did a thing where they interviewed, they don't love being called the kids on the show, but we've all called them the kids where they were like, what's it like to work with Lauren Graham? Which again is just a premise I would not have thought of. They were all super great and nice, but a couple said she's really professional. And I was like, I think I wasn't fun enough because I am very professional and there was a lot to consider. And it's the first season of a show and I'm a producer and sort of thinking about lots of things all the time. But I wanted them to be like, she's a laugh riot. Yes. I have the thing they say the best advice If you have a stalker or someone obsessed with you is you can't say anything. 'cause no matter what you say, even you're like, get outta my life. I can't see you. Right. They can twist that. I have that skill with a positive. I'll make it a dig. Oh, So I didn't have enough blue on Even you being professional. It's like, it's like that's A great Compliment. Yeah, I know. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so The Z Suite, first of all, what did you think the name was when your agent told You? Sam and I were on tour. I was in the lobby of a hotel. We've been working together for so long, he knows how to tell me something. So he was like, there's a show he was saving. It's on a network you've never heard of. Right, right. For the very end. But I actually just jumping ahead did not and do not view that as a barrier to entry. Having been on the WB when it was quite new. And it is part of what I do think I'm starting to understand about the world of media that we're in, which is you never know. So this is why I ask in a nons insulting way, do not try to find something negative. Good luck. Explain to me. To me it Is its own streaming platform. It is free. It is more like television as we knew it. It comes on some televisions. It is an app you can get on your phone If you sign up. It still doesn't cost any money. But then you can download. You can record. You can use it. Yeah. Yeah. As we use our apps, it has a really friendly interface. There's live, there's movies and they're starting to do original content. And we were their first scripted cool comedy. They've been incredible to work with. They've been really collaborative. They're excited too. Which you don't necessarily guess. You with your established things. Yeah. They're more flexible and open. But we didn't even get to the punchline. So when he calls you, He's giving me all the stuff and he is like, this is the character. It's called The Disease Suite. And I was like, wait, it's a hospital show. I was like, that is a terrible title. And we went through the rest of the conversation with me still thinking he did not correct me. 'cause he didn't understand what I was saying. I mean he was alone Used. So I was like, it doesn't sound like a comedy to me. Wait, who has a disease? Like, and we really had to four part conversation about it. He's like, that's not what I'm saying. Z Suite Disease week By the way, because I am so out of corporate America. I didn't know that. Z Suite is a play on C-Suite, which is your executive lounge. And of course this is Gen Z takes over. I have a whole issue with C-Suite 'cause this is now ubiquitous that everyone knows what a C-suite is. And I don't understand why it's called CCEO. C-O-C-F-O-C-O-O. Only the people with the C The Chiefs. It's the chief's Office, the all the chiefs. The Suite where all the fancy people are. Okay. What's your baseline about Generation Z? I think there's a bunch of stereotypes about 'em, but I am suspicious they're not the numbers that we think. No. What the show asks is who's more ridiculous? The people who have taken this corporate culture really seriously or these people who are trying to have a better time work from home, have kooky parties involving llamas. And what I like about the show is that it really doesn't take a side. I'm as ridiculous as the kids are ridiculous. And it's fun because it's not meant to advocate skewer either sides for anybody. Yeah. Well skewer both Sides. Right. The thing I value more than anything, I will do The Disease Suite, but I've gotta have a good day with people that I like and trust and believe in and laugh with. We had that and you just don't necessarily get that In a very healthy way. Seven years ago we already felt this way, which is, you get to a certain point where for me it was like I'm not gonna be in a Marvel movie. And years was I'm not gonna be Sandra Bullock. And then at that point, I think a very healthy transition happens where you go, okay, so I'm gonna focus on process. Yes. 'cause I'm not really in the results game as much anymore, but the process now means everything to me. And I think it's a very healthy thing to prioritize that. To get To a place where I already got more than I thought I would. I feel so grateful. Oh now I get to do this.


Without the pressure, there's still pressure and I want the show to come back and I want people to like it Without the neurosis. Yeah. You Already did it. You proved yourself. Yeah. You've been on multiple things that are incredible. The fact that things are still kind of out. There's huge, That's the thing that very few people get, which is something that just keeps getting enjoyed for a long, long time is seems almost impossible. And that's really rare. You Know, if only I had merch. Oh, I was thinking that when you guys were talking about parent hoodie stuff. Big mistake for them not to up hoodie, parent hoodie. Oh My God. There were 13 cast members and we bought the gif. You know, we would cumulatively chip in on whatever we were getting the crew and the amount of emails that would go back and forth to decide whether we were getting this mug or this.


Oh boy. Fucking, why Was that such a hard Oh, It was impossible. What was the brand of Sweatshirt we give? That was Terrycloth. Oh, not a North Face, but the other one. It's the Other one. Yeah. Patagonia. Yeah. Yeah. Hatti goes like, are we gonna go Patagonia, tall neck? Are we going all the way with the Puffer vest version? I love that. I know I was making among the lowest of all the actors and I was kind of like, get him among me. Oh God. Yeah, I, I didn't say it but I was like, guys, We tried to prorate it but then it was sort of like, then people find out whatever would make That's right. Yeah. I was like, that's not fair. Maybe I've told you this, maybe I haven't. But every job I had ever had in my life prior to Parenthood, I made a point to find out what everyone was making.


How? Oh, I'd always figure it out. You just ask. Oh my God. I just thought God get into a conversation where I'd get it out of 'em or I'd back channel through an agent. Oh God. I would figure it out. I went into Parenthood going, I'm purposely going to not find out. And I was so happy on the show. I was like, if I find out Jabbar's making twice as much as me, how could I enjoy going to work? But I enjoy so much going to work until I find out my son is making more than me. Yeah, Right. But that was the first time I ever broke that habit. Boy was it a blessing. So your character, Monica, Wow. She's insisted. Thank you as a nod to you that be her character's name. It was originally named, named Gale and you Were, you're like, that's not gonna work. We did fuss with the last name. I had various last names.


'cause you know, clearance, Which I never understand. I Don't either. But I really cared about what her name was and for a while she was Monica, a bunch of other things. And I was like, this doesn't sound like who I want this person to date. Like strong. She's Gotta be Padman but not Padman. But we can't do that. Always Take it because I'm not Indian. And that might Issue, issue some appropriation stuff might pop up for you gotta be mindful. Yes, exactly. There were various m somebody's, Monica, Mick, Bubba, none of those cleared. Okay. Okay. Well we land on, but you are Monica Marks. I like That. But we meet you and you're winning a huge award for being an incredible advertising agent. Is that what we call Them?


Executive? I run an advertising called at agency called Atelier. Yes. Oh wow. Which is a big word we talk about all time. A ding d ding for us. Yes. You can't imagine how much You just walked into. Yeah. Yeah. He, Because I was taught that name by Monica who's a fashionista. And I said, you watch, they're gonna start calling Subway and Atelier. Oh it's gonna be like Artisan. Right. Where it's like it'll mean nothing. It Means nothing, means nothing. But it makes you feel like it's worth the $10 you're paying for the sandwich. Exactly. Yeah. The artisan sandwich from the atelier shop Subway. Yes, yes. You're super well established. You fuck up an ad campaign, you say all somethings matter. I say all vibes matter.


All vibes. It's for vibes, headphones. And this was something I cannot tell you how many conversations we had about what is believable even in the world of comedy, that this person who's the head of this thing, who's risen up, what's a believable mistake? Yeah. That would get her canceled. That we think would have gotten through yet. Is tone deaf? Tone deaf, not racist. That's the kind of the line we want strike. That's exactly Right. We don't want Money To be be like, oops, I didn't realize. Yeah. All vibes matter in the right context. You could not put those two together. Right. Yeah. Right. So that smells your demise. And you also have a young woman that works for you. And she's worked there for 168 days, only 43 of which were in the office and she thinks she's ready to run the place.


This stereotype. I do have a few friends who own businesses who, they have some young employees that are completely shocked. They're not vice president within like a year of work. I know plenty of these stories. 'cause that was something too where I kept saying to people, is this believable? And and they were like, oh yeah, I have a million examples. It's just growing up differently. It's it probably exaggerated and also quite real. Yes. I was almost thinking when I was doing my research on you, I'm like, I wonder if part of it is, it's totally not their fault. They would've been at an age where they watch Mark Zuckerberg start the biggest company on earth at 26 years old. There would be a lot of examples for them that we certainly didn't have. So some of it I think is not even their fault. Right? No. They were just like, yeah, by the time you're 26 you should own Facebook.


It's also parenting changes. And we see it's why all these generations get named because whatever the cultural experience their parents were having, I was more latchkey kid where she's probably fine. We'll find out tonight at nine when I get home. That's right. And then there's more of like a helicopter thing that happened. I just always remember this statistic and I don't even know what generation it applied to, But that kids had a tough time picking up a water pitcher and balancing it because so much had been done for them. Nobody was like, you pour the thing. So like things like that that you don't even think of. But I think of that as, you wouldn't think as a parent, oh You're really a war with that. Well it's just remind me how much I play with my hair.


Just things you wouldn't think of as a parent. Like I need to make sure my child has basic motor skills at the dinner table. Yeah. Oh God. I knew a family who, yeah, their kid didn't learn to walk very, very late. And my mom was like, of course not. The kid gets picked up and carried everywhere. Doesn't need to walk. Kid's a genius. Right. So Why wouldn't waste any Time learning to walk? Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Quince. Quince is one of our favorite apparel brands with luxury fabrics and finishes at affordable prices. Everyone I know is obsessed with Quince. Quince. Quince is amazing. I was gifted a incredible blanket from Quince, from Elizabeth and Andy. Oh wow. And it's so warm and soft and fuzzy and cute. Yeah. All their fabrics are so nice. You get the best of both worlds killer style at prices that don't break the bank. Quince has some great wardrobe staples, all at prices that are way less than similar brands. We're talking 50 to 80% less. This is a gift giver's like Paradise. Paradise. Correct. Well that's because Quince Partners directly with top factories. So they cut out the cost of the middleman and they also make sure the factories they partner with use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices so you can feel good about your purchase, indulge in affordable luxury. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


We are supported by Acorns. Acorns is a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start saving and investing for your future. Oh, investing's the most important thing. You gotta squirrel some away so that you know when you get to the end of the ride you can have some fun. Yeah. It's Important And you gotta think about it today. If you just wait too late, it won't, won't magically happen. You don't need to be an expert. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches you and your money goals. And you don't need to be rich. Acorns lets you get started with the spare money you've got right now. Even if all you've got is spare change. Sign up now and join the over 14 million all time customers who have already saved and invested over $25 billion. With Acorns Plus Acorns will boost your new account with a $20 bonus investment offer available@acorns.com slash dax. That's A-C-O-R-N s.com/dax to get your $20 bonus investment today. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Tier four compensation provided. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LC and SEC, registered investment advisor view. Important disclosures@acorns.com slash dax.


We're supported by SKIMS. SKIMS has been a long time sponsor, which has been incredible because I would be wearing them whether they're partnering with us or not. Don't tell them I said that. Okay. But they are one of my favorite brands. The quality is next level. It's so good. What have you been wearing lately? Oh my goodness. Pretty much everything from the fits everybody collection. You know, I like to do a big clean out of my underwear every now and then. Mm sure. And now that I found the fits everybody thong. Yeah. From SKIMS. It's just all I wear. It's comfy. It's so comfy. And it's cute. You need both in an underpinning, In an unmentionable Ball as say Yes. I really love it. It's, it's a great product. Shop SKIMS, best intimates, including the fits everybody collection and more at SKIMS dot com and skim stores. After you place your order, be sure to let them know we sent you select podcasts in the survey and select our show in the dropdown menu that follows.


When I'm around friends, kids and stuff, I'm like, she's fine. Don't worry about it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So you get canned and then you build an entire replica of your office in your home, which is fantastic. Now these young kids start running the agency, they Really bonded with each other, which was fantastic. And that's one of the positives of being on location in a first season of a show. Yeah. Yeah. They had each other and they really hung out together and it seemed like had a good time. I was busy being professional, so yeah. I wouldn't know. Study For the next day. That's the flight Of the boss. The Boss. Right. And It really is. Right. Here's a joke in this show that I have unfortunately heard people in my life claim they have, which is one of the younger workers is late.


And he says, I have time blindness. Yeah, I know. Stop. That's a thing. You Haven't heard That? No. I've Now heard people our age claim to have time. Boy, there's a new Concept. He was the same character also says he's audibly fragile when someone's too loud. Oh my God. Yeah. It's wonderful. That's great. Yes. But I'm sort of awful in my own ways and it was so many things I hadn't done or hadn't done in a while. I wanted there to be a core of what is believable and what is just heartbreaking about being replaced. Yes. And losing. It's not just the job, it's relevance and sense of self. Yeah. Was all this worth it? Yeah. And I'm disappearing. The world's changing.


Yeah. And none of it was for anything. Right. You're so fun to work with. I'm really jealous of those people and I miss it so much. I know it was a good time. And that was one time when the genuine kids on Parenthood would be like, Ugh, I can't make it to yoga. And I was like, you have no idea how good you have it and you better be thankful. And someday you're gonna call me from a show and be like, I had to work 14 hours. It's All gonna go downhill from here. This as good as I'll Ever get. Well it was just the most wonderful group of people. The most wonderful material, the most wonderful Jason KAMs. The most wonderful hours. You got to actually act nearly the whole time you were there, which is impossible. Yes. We Were super lucky. You keep dodging this question in every interview, but I'm gonna pretty much make you answer it.


Ooh, great. You're a part of a phenomena, which is Gilmore Girls. And certainly we saw Will and Grace come back in a very satisfying way for everybody involved. This seems insane that we wouldn't be doing this show again. Well, We did it for Netflix. Yes. You did four movies. Right? I don't know because they definitely didn't read anything then. But there seems to have been a mixed reaction in terms of feeling satisfied. Okay. That that people got what they wanted. For me, it was a incredibly satisfying, beautiful, cried every day experience. Aw. I could mark some growth. I felt I had, in terms of that character, that time working with Amy.


It felt different. So all the stuff that I loved about it was the same. And then it was better and different. And the more grown up version, like a healthier version version. How do you honor those people who have kept it alive? Is it giving them more, is it doing what Reese Witherspoon's doing with Legally Blonde L the prequel? Is this a Captain Marvel multiverse? Right. Where you wanna follow whoever or do you try to go back, What I think Will and Grace did right, is they gave you exactly what you had the first time. Right. We can accept that the stories now progressed. Right. But you gotta keep it in our really familiar fun. That's a really good point. I always say, and it's not me trying to get out of the question, it is literally what I could picture given everyone's lives and Schedules is Christmas movie.


Because that's what I think the Brits do so well with their beloved shows is that you get a Christmas special. It's not episodes, but it's seeing all your friends together. Again. It's one of the reasons I thought the Walmart commercial was a Suite, where are they now? Kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah. Because speaking to, have you seen the most recent Bridget Jones? Not yet. No. I'm obsessed with the books, obsessed with the movies. I think they did an incredible job. Renee is incredible in it. It gives you what that character always was, which is a single girl trying to understand the dating world. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because you couldn't do, you had to make her single again. Right? Yes. The engine of the whole thing was her being single. That's Right. And then she's out. It's the same dynamic. Well also dating's a whole thing that still happens gets actually real.


But dating has changed. Yes. Right. Exactly. It was like, how do you reenter that? Is There something weird though about, weird maybe isn't the right word, but a little unsettling about seeing the person from so many years ago in the exact same spot they were? I don't know. Know. No, it's not. I mean, also we don't look the same. There's no way you should or could be the same. Exactly. Yeah. Right. And so I don't know. But that's tv. Well that's aging. It's just being a person. Crosby's never gonna learn. You're never gonna learn. That's the premise of Well, but The problem is where we left the characters and not the problem. But now Lorela and Luke got married. Now Rory's maybe having a baby. So it's not gonna be necessarily the two of us circling the gazebo.


You have to add at Herman, God bless his past. It just can't be the same. Which is why I view it as best served in a holiday in a sort of limited, I think that's right. Some People don't ever change. I know. I don't know. If it gets less funny and more like, oh Friends was my number one, I could not have loved it more. Yeah. And I'm glad they never did that. Right. I'm glad it ended and they did it. It can live like that for me. Yeah. Forever. Because I do still get asked, is it literally just better to leave them wanting more? I know. That's kind of how I feel. Is she not doing commercials? They, it's not. I'm gonna tell you right now, they have the thing, you can't erase it. You can't make it disappear.


Right. You can't dishonor it. All these fears, you give them this other thing, maybe they'll like it or they won't like it. Right. It's not gonna impact that. Thank God it isn't up to me. And what I have clearly said is if somebody calls me to do it, I'll do it. I don't desire to act at all. But I deeply miss being on Parenthood. And there is a version of that show I would probably do. Yeah. If it were eight episodes or 10 episodes. Yeah. I could manage my now real job. My fear is more Is that like going back to your high school? But I don't think so. 'cause we were already like full-fledged adults and when I see you, it lights me up every time. And when I'm with Trilling, which I spent a lot of time with Trilling, I'm just enamored with being around him. None of that's changed. You Have reminded me that I'm angry about your friendship with Larry.


Okay. I knew him first. Yes. I went to college with him. I might have put more effort in. You Probably did. Yeah. And you're in town more. Yes, I'm in town More. But can I please come play with you guys sometime when you have dinner? Maybe the reason that show went away is once you get to someone having cancer, I mean, when you're on these family shows and the patriarch dies, there's only so many stories. They don't tend to go on for 10 or 12 years. I mean, this is us as an example, but they didn't go that much longer. I Don't think so. I mean, we did six years. That's about, yeah. As long as you can do it. And I won't even give a fuck. I don't care how it turns out. Great. That's the Problem. You just wanna Be for you. I just wanna go hang out with you guys. Yeah. I love you. I love you from the bottom of my heart.


I Love You. Me too. Yeah. This was so nice. You came. It's so fun. The Z Suite is out now on to and it's free. It's Network TV for free as a streamer. I'm in. Thank you. So everyone watched The Disease Suite spelled Z-S-U-I-T-E. So glad we got to hang out. You and I have had sauna plans for about a year and a half and I said, should we have done this interview in The sa? Other people say, let's have lunch. Dax says, come over and sweat your face off. Let's get stronger together In a bathing suit. Which, You know it. That's not where My, that's why he does it like That. Yeah, exactly. That's why a lot of people aren't taking my offer up. They don't wanna be in a bathing suit. It might be a red flag who does take you up on That offer. Yeah, exactly. Are there takers?


They're Must be mostly other men. I love you. Love you, love You. Real quick. We have to give you props really quick because you make the best banana bread I've ever had in my entire Oh, I Haven. Haven't made that in so long. Make it during covid. You made it and we had it and it was So You've been derelict in your duties. I have. I used to make a really good cinnamon bread too. Oh. And Maybe you can lure me over and I can see her. Because that's the only way I'll see her. I will. Okay. We'll do that when they're back. All right. All right. Love you again. Love you. Get this microphone outta my way. I sure hope there weren't any mistakes in that episode, but we'll find out when my mom misses. Monica comes in and tells us what was wrong.


Are you so happy to be wearing your raincoat? Yeah. It's a good part. I guess That's is brown lining. Brown lining. Literally. I was on the road at 6:00 AM this morning driving to Anaheim, California. Home of Disneyland, as you may know. I do know that Thriving suburb in the greater Los Angeles metropolitan area. Yes. To go to Expo West. Okay. Do you know about Expo West? Nope. I don't know what's on either. Okay. Even after having gone. That's Right. Okay. 70,000 attendees. Wow. It's a huge trade show for consumer products.


Oh, all kinds Grocers. Products, buyers, suppliers. Wow. Founders. Oh, and Sharon Beasley and I. Okay. Aaron Weekly we're on stage being interviewed. Oh, you were Interviewed. Oh, I thought you guys were like trying to sell your product. Well that's happening. Yeah. I had to come back to work. Oh sure. To my real job. Are they still there? Yeah, they're still there. Oh. Wandering the halls of a huge convention. Oh, 70,000 attendees. That's great. That's Rob Google. How many cities in America have more than 70,000? So I'm Getting 50,000 or more. There's 510 urban areas in the US with a Population that outta 50 states. That's like 10 per state.


Okay. That's, I don't know what that does for us. Yeah. But I feel like it's relevant. Not, Not a lot for me Personally. What I'm saying is this would be in the top 500 cities in America for population. Had this group incorporated into a city while they were watching this interview. Okay, great. I'm just thinking about all these products, you know? Yeah. A lot of products. It's crowded space. So many products. And Go ahead. I Just like, do we need more products? Unless it's filling a space. Yes. Then I do think you are filling a space with Ted seekers. I don't think there's a lot of good NA beer. I do too.


So I, I support that product. Yes. But overall, like everyone has a product. Yeah. And I think I'm gonna say it. I declare I'm against it. Oh my goodness. What a controversial stance. Well, you like capitalism and you like the marketplace. Of course. So It's not an anti-capitalist stance. Yeah. It's more just like, do we need it guys? Do We need more of an enough already? Yeah. Okay. It's a little bit more of an enough already mixed with like, everyone famous has to have some product. Like, not you again. Not you. No, No. It can mean Go ahead, go on. I don't mean you. That's Why I love talking about Ted. 'cause this was not a cash grab.


No one approached me. All these other, there's another guy with a a, a celebrity with a beer brand. And he is very openly on a talk show saying like, he got approached by people. Yeah. They handed him five things at a boardroom meeting and said basically, will you put your name on this? Yeah. So this is like, me and Aaron created a beer. We wouldn't be embarrassed to order at a bar. Yeah. Right. We're not like, Hey, do you have more duals? Could you bring it in a Budweiser? You know? Yeah. I also think selling products is great. Yeah. I have no beef with people who kind of, who do, who are doing that. We Made it for ourselves and then yeah. We thought, oh, maybe people would also want it. But I mean, even people who like don't really care about the product but are like, look, I can, I can slap my name on this and get eyes on it.


And I think it's fine. I don't have any, I don't really have a problem with some of this bad things that other people might have problems with. Yeah. But I do think, like when I go to to Target, I'll say if I go to Target, oh Yeah. It's a great place to go. And There's like so many tequilas, they're all one kind of tequila. It's all, they're all a celebrity brand. Tequila of, of one variety. It's not like they like put in a ton of effort to make it. Because you know, I think we recently talked about Paul Fi, Paul Fig has a gin. Yes. But that's like his passion. Yeah. He's virtually a chemist.


Yes. And so that's great to me. But just like, and My passion's partying. It was No, it is. That's what Ted Seager is all about. You can still fucking rage. You don't have to have alcohol. Yeah. But do you think you rage? Oh my God, yes. Aaron and I party hard. I don't mean to poke holes in your business. Barbecue. Laughing. Screaming. Five of 'em. Not the sip one. Of course. Empty cans. It's a party. Yeah. But I think most people think when they hear party, they think like Club 4:00 AM like, oh, They, they're not thinking about it correctly. I, I agree. Parties is a state of mind. And I'm gonna drop into a carefree tomorrow. Never comes attitude.


That's a party to me. I'm about parties too then. Yeah. We party. We fucking get down here. I know. Whatcha talking about This is a major party. I'm just telling you what the colloquial observation that of the word party That they think it has to involve being intoxicated And being out late. People think partying is being out late and they don't party with me 'cause I'm in bed by eight. Yes, yes, yes. But Erin and I will be out late. Okay. Rarely. Rarely. But we would Doesn't want you to be honest that it's rare. Yeah. But we would, And then you used to get panicked 'cause you haven't taken your sleep aids. I'll give You a prime example. Erin and I will be, which happens often.


We're both binging a show together and it's midnight. We should go to bed. And I go, you just wanna fucking party. And he's like, yeah, let's fucking go. And that means we'll watch till maybe 3:00 AM 'cause tomorrow's not coming. Yeah. That's tomorrow. Dexus problem. B-T-D-T-I. That's like how I live. Bt. DTI watched all of Running Point on Saturday. I watched the whole show. Right. Let it rip party. Yeah. I was up late and I guess I was partying. Yes. I don't think we should let the people, just, people who are getting intoxicated own the space partying. I I I like it. You're reclaiming. That's right. Wait back to, I want to, I want to spend a little more time on this 'cause I think, I think you're representing a, how a lot of people feel like, oh God, this guy's got up Bob Canal.


Right. I don't mean to Yeah. But I think a lot of people feel that way. Yeah. And I guess I can see it from both sides. Well, let me be clear really quick. To me it's not about like, oh, this guy has, it's not about the the guy or the girl or the whatever. Yeah. It's not about the person. It's about the space. It's like, guys, we just don't need another one of these. Right. You, you're more like the category is is Just Yeah. Pick a category, get a little creative, look and see what's needed. Then do that. That's what's cool about Danny Ricardo. No. Nope. He didn't want Nope. Danny DeVito.


Oh he did Lemon Mature. What is it? La Cello. I love Lemon cello. Lemon cello. Like, and when we did, when in Rome, 18 years ago, he had, He was ahead of The game. He had lemon cello. 'cause that's his drink. This is the same with beauty. Beauty insiders also feel like this. Like, wow. Everyone has a, has a makeup brand or a beauty brand or skin gras fragrance. Exactly. Something. And I agree, but I also think there is some space there. Like I do like the people who are coming in with a more diverse color palette. Okay, sure. Things like that. Some browns and light browns and Yeah. 'cause there's a lot of Whitey, There's, well, there's just a lot of variation within darker colors and Yeah.


That, that's not available. Yeah. I was just asking Simone yesterday, I was like, what did you put on my face again? For s for the s sag awards Sag. And she was like, I used two. She had to do some Yeah, you gotta use chemistry. That's right. Oh, I was only gonna, not that anyone cares. I don't even know why I'm saying this, but I'm going to, If you look at the last six spirits that were created and then became evaluated or over a billion dollars or multiple billions of dollars. The truth is four of those five are celebrity driven. Whether it's Conor McGregor or it's the handsome Clooney MCC Clooney George Clone.


But his is good. Well, yeah, they could be good or they could be, I guess. But I guess with that, I, I didn't even know that was his brand. Yeah. I was drinking it. Casamigos Casamigos. Shout out. Yes. I was drinking that. He already exited, I think. Oh, Good for him. And then I was, then I learned like, I think he invested in that, right? Oh, he was right out in front of it. Oh, he was, well, yeah. Yeah. There's several. They have worked. And what you have to acknowledge is if you're a distiller, a distiller or a distillery, breaking through this insanely cluttered space is nearly fucking impossible. Yeah. You would really have to spend hundreds of millions of dollars marketing this product.


Yeah. Or you get the rock to talk about it on his Instagram. Yeah. You save yourself several hundred million dollars. Sure. And it breaks through. So it's like, but that's Selling. That's like, he's the spokes. I'm fine with spokespeople. No, he started that. He's one of the founders. That's what I'm saying. That's different. Starting something, founding something, having your own idea and doing it to me is, is like now I'm, now I'm confused about what I'm even saying. And Me too a bit, which I think is a, the sign of a good conversation is you're like trying to figure out what your position is midway through. I don't care. Everyone can do it all. They want kind. But there's just a lot of products out there. I wanna explain the landscape and why it's irresistible for distilleries and, and you know, spirits.


Yeah. Because you almost can't do it to just have like a novel recipe. Yeah. And try to penetrate I agree. Like Kristen were was with Spin Drift for a while. Right. That to me is great. Like she likes the product. Yeah. And it exists. And she is helping a spokesperson promote it. She's a spokesperson. But I think if she on her own was like, and like you guys did with Hello Bella, because you felt like that there was a need. Yeah. Yeah. But if she wanted Her own, wanted people on a budget to have the same shit we had. Yes. But I think if she on her own was just like, what product shall I make now? Yeah. Okay. Lipstick. I'll make vodka Right.


And I don't drink. Yeah. Or just anything. It's, it's like she didn't do that. And I appreciate that. Like I think just being hired is great. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I am. Please hire me to be a spokesperson. No, I think you just, No, I, this is, this is nuanced. I would like to be a spokesperson for your product that already exists, but I don't wanna clutter the market with a new one. Don't you think it might be fair to also acknowledge as like however you feel about the new celebrity product is virtually just how you feel about that celebrity. Because like when Clooney does it, you're like, oh cool. He's super classy and elevated and I bet his tequilas sexy, sexy top shelf and you won't get a hangover.


And It is, And then you see, I don't even wanna say a name. Yeah. We won't. But you know, there's like a whole legion of people you would see with the product and be like, well I don't even like their vibe to begin with. Yeah, of course. And it reeks of cash grab. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So Yeah, that's all part of it. I'll have everyone know if it makes them feel better. I have lost hundreds of thousands of dollars on Ted seekers. So that No, I made this clear that I, I think that's different. Mine's also a mission to be with my two friends. Yeah. That's great. Everyone do whatever they want. Yeah. Just do it. And I don't care If you think I'm a I'll just, yeah.


I guess it is important to me that everyone recognizes that this, this is not a cash grab. No one came to me. This is all self fi finance and I'm probably lose my shirt. But again, I'm having a blast with Aaron and Aaron. We were at a fucking convention just now on stage. Great too. Cash grabs in the right. Yeah. There's the right. Listen, I'm part of some cash. Everything's fine. Me too. Everything's fine. Everyone's doing great. Everyone's trying to make it. What else? How was your weekend? We haven't discussed weekends. Yeah. Tell me. As I said, I watched all of Running Point. Really enjoyed it. I miss that half hour comedy vibe a lot. Yeah. It's such an easy, it's just easy. It's breezy, it's fun. Yeah. It's, it's sexy. It's, I like it.


So I watched all that. Oh, speaking of on my Instagram this week, because it's, it's Mindy week. Although when this comes out, it won't be Mindy Week. Yeah. It's passed. It'll have passed. But it's Mindy Week. So every day this week I'm posting on stories. An old episode of ours that is connected to Running Point. So like yesterday I posted Kate's old episode. Right. Today I posted Ike's first appearance. How? First? Yeah. And then there's more to come. Oh my God. We've Had a lot of those people on. Yeah. Who else? Max. Oh yeah. Max Greenfield. Yep. Sweet Max. Who I love. Yeah. Well I'm glad you finished that whole, you plowed right through.


Yeah. And it felt great. And you woke up and felt good in the morning. Yeah, I was. I was very happy. You didn't feel, you didn't feel guilty for partying Too hard. Yeah. Good. No I didn't. I felt great about it. Wonderful. What else did I do? Oh, I had a big catch up session with my viewing crew. 'cause we were behind and we watched White Lotus and Severance. We were behind. So we had to watch Two Severance, two White Lotus. You have not introduced me to this viewing crew concept. This is, you just dropped it on my laptop. I told super familiar with the, I told you viewing crew. I told you on Julia, Jess and I watched that. Watched Severance and White Lotus. I, you told me you had watched an episode. I didn't realize it was a commitment and a viewing crew.


Oh, and a weekly. Yeah, it's a weekly Sunday. What fun. Sunday I make dinner The funnest times of my whole life. We're watching Sopranos on Sunday nights and making Italian food. Yeah. Yeah. So fun. Got a Gooch. Well the problem is when you miss Got a gee, It's a problem. Yeah. When you get it, it's A got G. And when you miss, it's a got aee. Okay. Shh. Okay. Are you in Soprano? It's it, yeah. I'm in Soprano Salad. Yeah. Got it. Yeah. No it's a, it's like, then we have four to watch. Oh, that was a lot. When you miss an a week of viewing, I thought you meant when you miss cooking. Oh Yeah. I didn't understand what you were doing.


Okay. Yeah. Missing would be Oh, Maron. Maron. Okay. Okay. Alright. So we had to watch four episodes. Oh my God. That was your Sunday. Yeah. Which was also very fun. That's fun. It was fun. But then the Oscars were also on. Oh. And you gotta watch the host. So I had to watch pieces of that. So it was a lot of television consumption. Over the weekend. I Had a television party too, because I got early screeners for Drive to Survive. Right. And I had the boys over Cool. To watch and Yeah. What a show. What a show. Boy do they build the suspense for the season, which kicks off in a week. Fun. Like, I can't wait.


Testing happened. Some surprises. Right. Some big exciting surprises. How's my boyfriend? Does he do well? Does he? Who's your current Boyfriend? Toto. He's one of my boyfriends. Oh. Oh, now he's your boyfriend. He is definitely been one of my boyfriends since he came on the show. Since he came on the show. Yeah. But prior to that, yeah. It was Ricardo or Bus. Well Ricardo still Porto, but he's not There. He's a car. Okay. Ricardo. Yeah. Danny. Danny Ricardo. You can't even look. Yeah. Great. Total. What a charming son of a bitch. He gets you several times in the three episodes ice. He does. Yes. He's so Playful. God, he really is so playful.


But back to testing, Carlos signs who we love. Sexiest Man on the grid. Best lay father is a legend. Poopoo pants. Don't say that about him. He was unceremoniously let go of Ferrari to make room for Louis Hamilton. Okay. And what was great is that the first half of the year Carlos was destroying. He was beating Le Claire, who I love. But it was fun because he's like, oh, you're gonna fire me and keep Charles. Let me beat Charles for a while. Very exciting. This is great. He went to Williams, always a bottom three team. And testing, first test session. Carlos signs had the fastest lap. Anna Williams.


That's awesome. Talk about a little bit of poetic justice. We love a comeback. Underdog. An underdog. This is straight underdog. You know, I have very specific compartments for my stories as we learned on the last fact check. What do you mean way I forget? Well I was like, no, no. This is a climbing the ladder becoming a co story. This isn't a dreams come true story. That's too broad of a blanket. Sure. So this one is specifically underdog. Yeah, but it's like underdog Revenge. It's re That's what it is. That's true. It's not underdog, I don't think. Well it's, he's on an underdog team. I Know. But There's two stories happening. It's just hard to call him an underdog. But the William story is an underdog story. And then the Carlos signs is a revenge, is a dish best served hot and straight up your ass on week one of testing.


And I won't clean my ass after. Don't say that. It's my opinion. I mean, that's the world we live in. Opinions Are facts. You Just say it and it's a fact. That's right. Opinions are facts. Don't talk back. Yeah. So, all right, well that's fun. You had a viewing party. Yeah, that was a really good time. Had a double date on Saturday night at a steakhouse by the people who do sugarfish. Oh, Nice. And you can expect it's the steak version of Sugarfish. Ooh. Where? What? Matu. Oh, I've been there. You have God. Yeah, the Philly. They do also have Philly. Oh, The Philly cheese steak. So good. Oh My God. That was dessert. We got this crazy like all in meal.


And the dessert was that frigging it's That is unreal. That's, that's the best, Phil. I mean, people in Philadelphia are gonna slit my throat, but it's the best Philly cheese steak I've ever had. And I've had 'em in Philadelphia. What's a Wagyu? Yeah, right. Yeah. It's a Wagyu. You, you mispronounce it, but yeah. Oh God. Got a Gooch. Oh, you've been hanging out with too many bros now you talk, now you talk like that One evening with Aaron and Aaron who are not bros. No, Aaron and Aaron are not the bros I'm talking about. They're not bros at all. I love them. Yeah, They're very on, bro. Like I know. That's why I love 'em. We went and saw the Led Zeppelin documentary yesterday. Hi. In imax. Fun. Yeah, actually I was thinking about that. This is a Easter egg.


You know, you Can't wait to watch you tap dance around this. I already know what's coming and I'm like watching you play. You're like testing the ice. See if you're gonna falter before you say It. I know for someone who is pretty risk averse, I'm really not. I step on the ice all the time. Yeah, You're mixed messies for sure. I do think you connect with bro culture. Like in your head you think that like you grew up in Michigan and you know it's dirt road and you have all these bros and, and then other kinds of bros in Detroit. Yeah. Yeah. Like you really connect with that idea. Oh, okay.


Well so far I can agree with these. I can hang with the bros. Like I am totally comfortable. Sure. Yeah. But I think you sometimes identify sometimes, well maybe it's just when you're with them. I don't know. But I, and I mean this as a huge compliment. Yeah, yeah. You are not one. Oh, I know. And like your bros Yeah. Are sweet boys. Oh Yeah, yeah. The Aarons. Yeah. All my friends from Michigan, our Sweethearts, I know we fist fought a lot, but we, all of them are very sweet boys. That's like, I think that There's a distinction for me If I dare, I'm now on the ice. I think you had some pretty binary categories and I don't know that you had the category of boys who were super sweet to their moms and their sisters and also fought at the bar.


Right. And I think that's the category that the Aarons and I are in. Yeah, that's that's right. I think the bro culture that people talk about is different's different than what you have and what you are doing. I do too. Yeah. I just wanna Be clear. I think a lot of the bro culture without naming names Yeah. Is in deep search of masculinity. Yeah. And I think I've been lucky enough to achieve a lot of that masculinity. Yeah. Like, I think there's a lot of guys who act tough, who they've never challenged themselves to find out if they are, and they have this fear that they're not and they're kind of compensating.


So yeah, I can hang in those circles 'cause I am often the thing some of these guys are purporting to be, but I don't act like a blow hard or I try not to act like a blowhard. Yeah. But like some people do, do put it to the test like Rogan, like, like he goes and he's like into UFC and like, oh yeah. You know? Yeah. He trains. He's, he has. Exactly. But his story as I've learned from other people is he was a bullied kid. He's short. I think he was bullied and I think he didn't want to ever feel that again. Yeah. And I think he made himself strong and learned how to fight. And I think he's, he's, I'm assuming he's kind of honest about that. Yeah. But he surround, he, he's choosing still to surround himself and build a, a, a life that's, that's still like that.


Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Macy's. Do you have a special event coming up? Macy's is the perfect place to get a fresh suit or stunning dress for a spring wedding or other celebratory occasion when a big day is on the calendar. You wanna look your best and try and clothes on in the store really does help you find, find pieces that are guaranteed to look and feel incredible. I waste so much money and time by not trying things on and ordering them. It's so much better when I go and try it first. I Love going to a store. You know that The selection of special occasion clothing at Macy's is next level. So you're sure to find pieces you will love. They've got a huge array of choices from the best suiting brands, including Calvin Klein, Tommy Hilfiger, Michael Kors, Hugo Boss, and be by Brooks. Plus this month they're having their men's semi-annual suit sale where you can score incredible savings. Men Do this, go do this because you're always like, oh no, I don't have a suit. When you need it, now's the time to get it. Have it in your closet. Be ready. And look, If online shopping is more your style, which I can relate to, you can get the same great deals at macy's dot com. Get ready to be voted best dressed at your next event, shop now at macy's dot com or visit your local Macy's store.


I think it could be misleading If you only evaluate Rogan by the 15 most flagrant guests he's had instead of the dude's done 2000 episodes of his show. And he's also really good friends with Chappelle. He, I think he's a comedian first. He, I think if, if we were to interview him, I think he would most identify, he's a comedian. He UFC's not first. He's much happier in a green room with all com comics. Yeah. I think that's his allegiance in his tribe. And then I think as I'm crazy into cars, he's crazy into UFC and then that in that invites UFC fighters. Now those guys Yeah. I'm not a lot of them, you know, I don't have much to defend about.


Right. Their worldview. But I don't know that it's entirely fair to graph on to Rogan who his 15 craziest guests are. 'cause he also has That's Fair. Other guests in the opposite direct. If, if there's anything I'll say about him, he's incredibly fair about everyone there is kind of welcome. If anything, he's just really attracted to the super provocative ideas. Yeah. Sometimes they're on the left, sometimes they're on the right. He, I listened to his speech he made the other day that was like, I'm not on the, I'm not in either of your club. What I think is crazy is to be in a club. So I don't think he is, he himself self identifies as much as the left thinks he does with being a conservative. But I think he's a bit of a big bad wolf on the left.


And I don't, I personally don't think he is. Yeah. I mean, I, I don't know that I'll say he is a big bad wolf, but do I think he's, do I think he contributes to a culture that I think is problematic? Yes. Do I, and, and that doesn't mean he himself necessarily is that, but I think he feeds the, that group what they want and then they get off on it. Well, again, I think they listened to the 15 episodes that we would then talk about in droves. And then they, They look, I mean he obviously is the biggest show in the world. Oh, by, by five 10 x. Yeah.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's not, it's not that they're picking and choosing. He, he has a huge audience that he, I, I believe cares to keep as you should. Yeah. And, and I think that means feeding, feeding it machine. See, that's Machines where I disagree. I don't think he's led by his audience at all. Like, I think he is actually insanely true to who he just is. That's why I respect him a lot. Right. I don't think he's chasing that audience. I think he's, him and a big swath of the country loves that. Yeah. I see other people chasing that and trying to be opportunistic about that.


Yeah. And I, I just don't think that's him. I think he's been the same fucking dude for 12 years Yeah. On his show. I only wondered because again, Easter egg, we have someone coming out and we have, we have two people coming out that are, in my opinion, well one of them especially is quite atypical ish of Atypical or atypical. Atypical of our guests. Sure, sure, sure. And the type of conversation even is different. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And, and I did think, I wonder what would happen, like in an alternate universe, what would happen if I wasn't here?


Not in this, in, in this show. Oh. If, if it was Dax solo. Yeah. What would happen with the show? Who would it be? What would it be? I mean, there's, I think there's no way to know because of like the, the alchemy. You can't, you can't tell. Right. But I did, you know, after I was like, oh man, I wonder then we went out and your friends were here. Aarons the Aarons were here. And I was like, oh, I don't, it wouldn't be that. I think the way you can test it is I've gone on these people's shows and I'm just still me. I'm talking about trauma and addiction and being vulnerable. Yeah. Even in the, the lion's den of these dudes. Yeah. But again, I, I am, I have the gift of having done all the stuff.


I don't ever feel like I need to inflate or bonafide my masculinity. Prove Yourself. I don't. Yeah. I'm so comfortable, like when it goes into those zones that I actually like, but it's about cars or Yeah. A great boxing match. I do like that stuff. Yeah. But I don't ever need to join. Yeah. You're not bragging about those things. No, but also I, but I do, I was thinking. I Yes, you're right. I I think you would be talking about trauma and you would be whatever, you know, I, I agree. You are. You. But I was, and this is not a, this is not a pat on my back. 'cause it was you who said that I should be here.


Yeah. I do think it's just so fucking important to have a woman in the room. Yeah. I mean, we've had so many people, Especially one that's empowered. Yes. Like If you were to guest on one of their shows, it would be dicey. I don't, you know, it would be hard. It would be hard. It would be hard. But these people are on your show. Yeah. But I, yeah. Well, I, yeah, sorry. I mean, I mean, as hosts Yeah. Like, it is really important to have a woman there. It changes the dynamic of everything. Even if I'm silent. Absolutely. Absolutely. Now, now you now what I would now I would agree with is the guest, one of the two would've gone further.


I know now I wouldn't have joined him, but he would've certainly gone further. Well, here's where we might disagree. So yes. In this situation, of course I'm couldn't be more grateful. You're here at all times. And this show absolutely need you. Now, I don't mind at all if there's a podcast with five guys talking about guy shit. That's okay. We don't need a, we don't have to have a woman there. And we don't need a man when there's a podcast of five women talking about women. Shit, I don't think we need representation in all places. It's, it's plenty fine if girls have a podcast and boys have a podcast, that doesn't bother me at all. Yeah. And boys can go ahead and talk about the UFC the whole time. Sure. And who paid for dinner, all that stuff. That, like, that shouldn't, that's not the enemy, I don't think.


Yeah. Again, I I don't think it's the enemy. I think they should be able to do that. I, there's, I'm not like you can't, but I think Like if women's shows don't need a man, which they don't, I don't think men's show need a woman. Yeah. I mean, then we get into like, women are talking about the things that aren't being talked about because that is not a group that gets a lot of attention in that way. Like they're talking about not getting paid. That is important to talk about. Right. Like I don't think men on the men's podcasts are saying like, yeah, women aren't getting paid. That's, to me sounds like you're saying one is superior to the other. That one has an ethical drive and the other one is an aim.


And so, no, I didn't say that's, that's putting words in my mouth. I'm saying I I know, I'm telling you what it sounds like. It sounds like you're saying a women's show is needed and they're, they're a part of some kind of good movement. And the men's one is, is not No, it's just representation. It's just that that group needs, they do need more platforms to talk because there aren't, there aren't that many. So it is good to have, I don't mean I'm not, I also think the women should have men on. I think it's good To have, like, I don't think If you needs a man, I don't think Alex Cooper needs a man. I think there's a Ton. Well that's yeah, you're, yes, that's true. There's tons of very successful shows that are female led and that's awesome there.


And they don't need anything. They are doing the show they want to do. And the audience who's consuming it wants that show. Yeah, I agree. And I, the same has to be applied to the guys. I agree. I agree. But I do think there's a lot of ideas currently. I mean, not even ideas. We know, we know what's happening to men. Men are suffering. They are tanking. And I don't, I often think some of these things don't help that personally for them. I think they get very riled up and then they're just continuing to do on, to go on this course that is not gonna pull them out of any of these ruts.


I'm just saying, I don't think they have advice for how the female dominated shows should be or shouldn't be. I, I don't think they're telling anyone how your show should be or how female shows should be. But I think a lot of those men would feel like, why are you even telling us what our show has to be like? Just don't listen to our show If you don't want to hear Yeah, that's fine. A bunch of talk about fighting and stuff. Who cares? No, the i the reason to care is the implication It has on a huge group of this country, sort of a currently like, kind of disenfranchised male and they're like rallying around. Yeah. And As, I mean as they should, it's, but it's Not working.


It's not getting 'em out of any of these bad situations that they're in. I hate to say this, it is working 'cause they got their president in There and they're all suffering. I I mean Literally all of those people are, I'm not agreeing Freaking out right now 'cause I don't have any money and they can't buy anything and everything's gone. I don't want Trump to be president. I don't agree with, I mean name the thing that's going on. But if a disenfranchise, If you make those folks black, take 'em out of that. They're white men, the black community totally disenfranchised. You get hip hop, you get rap, you get this empowering art that comes out of it.


And for anyone who is sitting on the sidelines telling ice cube how he should be dealing with this situation when he's got tons of raps about shooting people and hating white people, the people that were on the outside telling him how he should deal with growing up in South Central, we would both agree they should shut the fuck up. 'cause that's the disenfranchised group. And you're hearing their voice now. So now there's another disenfranchised group and they're doing what generally people do that are disenfranchised. They bond together over that. And then they try to get someone they think is gonna represent their cause. And those people won the election. Yeah. Yeah.


And they're gonna, and they, and it sucks For them. And your, your opinion is they'll they'll suffer more under this president. No, it's not my, that is fact. I don't think they're gonna benefit. But what I can say is we don't know the result. 'cause four years is an up, But what we started just talking about is that they, they got their president and they did. Yeah. And my opinion is that their president, that they all got fucking fooled. And I don't think that I, I do think there's a respon maybe not a responsibility. I would, I would find it to be my responsibility if we had a show, if our show, if I started looking at our audience and I was like, Hmm, our audience is all believing something that I don't think is actually correct and is actually gonna lead them to suffer.


I would wanna do something here to try to help cor help correct that. Well, keeping them, of course. I just think if your goal is to help this disenfranchised group, I think saying your conclusion is they got fooled, which is if I'm them and I hear you say you all got fooled, what I'm hearing you say is you are smarter than I am and I got fooled and I'm a fool. I think a good chunk of men feel like all they've been hearing for 10 years is how terrible men are. I know you've Yeah. I really believe that. Yeah. And I think it's pretty predictable that this group that's being told they're toxic and terrible for 10 years is going to at some point go, well then fuck you.


Yeah. And I think that's what you're seeing. Yeah. And I think if our continued approach is to tell all of them that they're terrible. Yeah. You're gonna see more of this. I think If you want young men to be on our side, you have to invite them. And I think you have to make it seem like they're welcomed. And would we, we'd be delighted to have them. Yeah. And I think the messaging towards men over the last decade has not made a lot of them feel that way. Yeah. That's prob I'm sure that's right. And I think even if they don't have a job, they're un let's say they're unemployed today and then they're unemployed in four years, but at least someone got up and said, Hey, I'm not apologizing that I was born male and I'm sick of hearing the bullshit.


Then maybe that win for them would be better if they're unemployed on both sides of it. Okay. Then they can live their life like that. Like that's, I I that is Well that's a, I think that's a really, It's very unfair in my opinion for you to say that like every, so women Yeah. Have to do what women always have to do, which is placate men because they have the power and say like, oh my God, it's so you guys are so great. There's a please come over. We, we love you. There's a huge gap. Monica between you are so great and just, you are so shitty, I think, and you, you could argue and win that it's justified.


So yes, I think my general feeling about women is much more positive than your general feeling about men. And you could argue that that's totally justified because they're the patriarchy. They commit the sex crimes, they do all the murdering. Those are great reasons and I, I'm not even gonna argue, but I do think my overall opinion of women is higher than your overall opinion of men. And I think I, I feel it. Do you think that's an accurate assessment that you, your overall opinion of men is much, is lower than my opinion of women Then your overall opinion. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Again, but yes, for like being a woman in America. Yeah. That's not, I, I mean I, I don't know how to combat like you, you, you did just kind of put me in a, you did paint me in a, in a way like yes, I know because, And so If you're of men Yeah.


In this country and I get it and I get it and it's justified. So if you're a man and I, I'm a man and yes, there are pedophiles that are men and there's rapists that are men and there's a lot of bad men. But If you paint me with the same brush as those men, if you're conflating me with those other people, now I'm a group and now I have a group identity and, But that's not fair to, I don't think we have so many men who come on this show experts and, and celebrities. I'm not, when they walk in, I'm not like, well I don't trust you or I'm not sure if I like you. I, I'm like, yes, I like you Until I, until yeah. Something is said or done that I, where I don't Yeah.


I never experienced it when we're interviewing a guest. No, but that's Me interacting with men in the walls. I I I, I experienced it. When we do armchair anonymous and we're listening to a woman's story, that's when I observe it where it's like there's no benefit of a doubt to the man that's being talked about. You'll generally go to, you know, they're a terrible, the girl who shit on her boyfriend and he threw up. And you know, that's where I'll notice it, where I, where I'll go like, well I think Monica's opinion of men is pretty low. She's, you know, quick to assume the, the man in this story is the problem and not the woman or that it would be equal Maybe. And I think a lot of people feel that way. And again, men have earned that, but I'm not that man.


And so many of the men are not that men and we don't like it. Okay. Just like you wouldn't like any negative stereotype about Indians or women, you wouldn't like it. But If I'm behaving in that stereotype, I, it's for you to lump you in is a little like, Well I'm a man, But I know you. Right. You're my, it's not like you're a random man. I know. I was at my opinion of you Yeah. Is based on you and you and me. It is not about any anything stereotypical. Right. I can tell you, I go to Kristen's cabaret show and there's a woman host of it. It's her show and she does, seven minutes on the world would be perfect if there was an island and it just had women on it and there was no man and all the women clap in the audience.


That's a real thing. That's totally fine to say in public right now. And in fact gets applauded and I'm a dude in the audience and I'm like, this is a weird, we're in a weird pattern right now where this is not only fine but applauded. And I'm looking at the seven men in the room and I'm like, yeah, this is weird. There's never been an, it's just, if, if that was the same thing that was being done and men were going, dream world is a island with no women and everyone clapped, I'd go, I would go, you guys are fucked. No, I know. But, but it's, I think there's some contradictions here because also when these standups are making jokes about women or other people of other races or whatever, and in your response, which I I think is correct, is If you don't like it, don't watch it.


This is the same thing. Why? Why is it if it's a woman doing it, it's like that's really bad. But the, when men say something sexist you can say like, well just yeah. That's not for you. Don't watch it. No. I'm never laughing that a guy goes, women suck and men should all be together. I've never enjoyed a standup routine or laughed at a joke that that was that complicated. Her entire thing was just, wouldn't it be great if there were no men? Now had she crafted an incredible joke and it was funny, I would laugh at it for sure. I don't have that big of a chip on my shoulder. I'm just saying that's a weird vibe. And I'm in that kind of often and I'm pretty evolved and I still go, Ugh, this is weird. I don't want to be a man in this room.


I don't know why you hate men across the board. I don't think you should hate me. And I am semi evolv, so I'm imagining all these other kids that are unemployed and and hearing that sentiment and just going like, okay, I guess it's us against them. Yeah. I don't think most of the people in the country are hearing the woman at the cabaret show. I think that's very Los Angeles and very New York. I don't think that is happening. Yeah. But do you agree at all that that's a weird thing or no? What's a to say that The cabaret show I went to, I think it's silly. I don't agree with that. But I think her saying it is, is not, is Yeah.


When some people are saying it, just like men are saying bad shit too. And I, and I'm just like, if we're gonna say that it's okay for those people to be saying those things and we just can like half, you know, we can not listen or they can speak to their people. Yeah. Yeah. Then I think that has to be allowed anywhere. Oh Yeah. I'm only pointing out that that's happening. Yeah. It's again, it's happening on both sides like crazy. But I, and I don't think that that cabaret host needs a male and present. She's fine to do that in her followers. Well She probably does fucking need a man there that she likes. She does that actually. That's exact, that's a perfect point.


If she had someone there that she did trust and know and like that was a man, I doubt that would be her opinion. But the fact that she is so potentially I don't know anything about this person Yeah. But is so siloed off and, and that so much so that that is her opinion that the world will be, would be better with no men. Yeah. That to me is an indication. I think she needs to have some more men in her life that are good. I think that's a semi, I, I don't think that's a single digit opinion, but It's, but it, to me that is a silo pro. That's an issue with silos. And that's exactly my whole problem with these shows that are, I think intensifying a silo.


And I think you're right, it is happening on both sides. Yeah. Where people are only speaking to one group and these thoughts are getting, and opinions are getting so extreme. Like we should eradicate a entire sex and gender. Yeah. Like, no, that's wild. I just think it's a real bad idea. We're just squaring off like, okay, it's on, it's it's men against women. And I think a lot of people feel that way. And I think that's a bad Yeah. I think that's, I think that's gonna have a bad fucking Outcome. I think that's bad. And I this like now after an hour is circling back to the what I was saying, which is I think there would be less of it's men versus women if men and women were in rooms together a lot more and building trust.


I do too. Oh My God. A long walk there. It was a entertaining walk. I think a lot of people will have heard their opinions voiced. Okay. Facts. Lauren Sweet. Sweet Lauren. Sweet Lauren Graham. Boy we got a taste of her, what she was saying with the young kids watching Gilmore Girls. 'cause she left the garage and we were in the yard and Delta had a friend over from school. Oh. And that friend was freaking the fuck out. Delta was like, she Was Is Lauren on a show called Gil? What is it, Gilmore Girls? I'm like, yeah, she the Gilmore girl. Aw that it, it's still going An 11-year-old.


That's really cute. Yeah. Special to be on a show that just like keeps finding its audience. Yeah. Alright, so the book club, Jenna Bush Hagar's book Club. These are the books, the Wedding People, blue Sisters, the Mighty Red, the Motherless Land Devotions, the Lifecycle of the Common Octopus. And this is a Love story. Those are the last, that's from August of last year till now. Lauren had Read all. You read any of those? No, I'm still reading in Metzo. Okay. So, so stay tuned. Yeah. And we'll come back to you next week with that riddle. How long has Mai been in show business? 94. When a man loves a woman.


She was six. Okay. 31 years. Whew. 30 wonderful years. Wow. That's crazy. And then 93, She beat me by a decade. Yeah. She was on Friends and then Lauren was in 93, so she did beat her by one year. Okay. 32 years. Yeah. The Howie Mandel game show that they went to visit is called Take It All. Did they take it all? Oh, they were just watching. I don't know. They weren't contestants. Yeah. I don't think they were contestants. Okay. But this is dinging sort of back to that riddle that we haven't shared. Take It All. Is a game show where the final two contestants choose between keeping their money or taking it all the contestant who chooses Take it all wins all the money and prizes from both contestants.


If both contestants choose Take it all. They both lose Prisoner games. Yeah, Exactly. Zimbardo, Non cooperate, non-cooperative Mil Milton Games. Oh, the SNL four part series. SNL 50 Beyond Saturday Night includes an episode that explores the Saturday Night Live audition process. It's on Peacock if anyone is interested. The movie she did with Joel McHale, A Merry Frigging Christmas with Robin Williams. How long did, this Is Us run Six Seasons. 106 episodes. You guys ran six seasons? 103 episodes. Oh, they beat us. Barely. Just resumed Paradise last night. Same writer. Yeah.


Episode eight was Bang On. Oh, I'm behind then. Oh Yeah, it's ba it's all caught up to what our screeners were. Oh, Great. Yeah. Tasty. We all watched it. The Aarons the Girls Nice Me last night. Yeah. Aaron was on his second viewing of it. You know, Aaron sees absolutely every show. That's good. Yeah. I think that's fun. Yeah. Oh man. Yeah. Well, I'm excited. I'm excited to keep watching. All right. That's it. That was all Lauren. All right. We love you Lauren. Great. We really do. She's a nice, I really love you. I really want her banana bread. Me too. But I can't even have it If she brings it.


You have to eat some. This is, this is Letterman all over Again to put us to put a tux on. Yep, That's right. Alright, love You. Okay.


How about you Follow Armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Imagine this, you help your little brother land a great job abroad, but when he arrives, the job doesn't exist. Instead, he's trapped in a heavily guarded compound, forced to sit at a computer and scam innocent victims all while armed guards stand by with shoot to kill orders Scam Factory. The explosive new True Crime podcast from Wondery exposes a multi-billion dollar criminal empire operating in plain sight, told through one family's harrowing account of sleepless nights, desperate phone calls and dangerous rescue attempts. Scam Factory reveals a brutal truth. The only way out is to scam their way out. Follow Scam factory on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of Scam Factory early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.