
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Ba welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan. She and I'm joined by Manager Mouse By Monica Geller. How's the song go? Did I have, it can trick Me This, It's not really right, but it's close. It's close. Yeah. Our, what's the Chorus? Just gimme the words. I just, I'll be there for you. Thank you. I'll be there for you even, What's the second part? That was it. So sorry. That was it. What's happening with you? I just, hearing the song come out my mouth is very disruptive. Well, We're just Disregulated.


Okay. Can we, can we please Friends? What have, I thought at some point they scream friends in the, Our first friend is here. This is very important. Maybe that's why I'm getting upset. Yeah, You're getting nervous 'cause it's such an honor. And you're afraid. I'm gonna anger our, our lovely guest Lisa Kudrow. You can't. She's a ground lean, improv genius. She's the best. She knows how to party and get down and play. She sure does. She was awesome. I love Lisa Kudrow. Me too. Well, that's Our guest, Lisa Kudrow. I said it seven times. She's an award-winning actor. A producer, friends friends. The Comeback Romeo and Michelle's High School reunion Web Therapy. I was on that.


Who do you think you are and, okay. Her new show, I say from the bottom of my heart is delicious. I can't wait. You're gonna love it. I know. I told you it's very murders in the building with apartments. Oh, the murders in the building. I know. I'm so excited. Yes. It's really, really great. She's fantastic in it. Please enjoy, Guys. This is a huge deal. I know. I feel very grateful. We're seven years in and we, it's our first friend. It'll come up in the episode, but I Ah, I want to say it now. We did almost have a friend, David Schwimmer. Yeah. And he had to cancel 'cause he had a really bad ear infection. Yes. And Robbie Wab said he had Schwimmer's Ear.


Yeah, it's really good. It's a great joke. It bears repeating twice. Okay. Please enjoy Lisa Kudrow.


We are supported by Klaviyo. Klaviyo helps brands build smarter digital relationships with their customers. And here at Armchair Expert, we know a little something about how challenging that can be. Here's how Klaviyo does it. Their unified data and marketing automation platform turns customer data into personalized connections to make every moment count across AI powered email SMS Analytics and more. Klaviyo powers smarter digital relationships for more than 151,000 successful brands, including Hedley And Ben Fish Wife and Dagney Dover. Build smarter digital relationships with your customers. Visit K-L-A-V-I-Y o.com to make every moment count.


We are supported by Macy's. Macy's is your one stop destination for all things Mary and Bright Ring in the season with special prices on top gifts and stocking stuffers like Nest Candles and Crocs, as well as discounts on their best beauty brands like Dry Bar, skin Gym and Dior. Ooh, la la. You know the Nest candles? Were on my gift guide. Oh, they were? Yes. Well go to Macy's are great. Go to Macy's and grab one. Yeah. Grab gifts for the whole family this season at Macy's and with their incredible holiday deals. Plus free shipping starting at just $25. Maybe you can throw in a little something for yourself too. Shop now at macy's dot com or visit your local Macy's to score these incredible holiday deals.


He's, I'm chewing gum. Oh Wow. Yeah, you should. You should. Is it nicotine gum? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, I love nicotine. I'm on all kinds of variety other than smoking. What I do the mints. The lozenges. And then I do a little spray. Do you know about the spray? Spray? You In the spray? I don't do it, but you know about it. My husband does. Oh, he does. You get it here. It's fucking pricey because Yeah, they're European.


Right, Right. That's It. That's it. Right here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. It's so exciting. I'm just so happy I'm not getting judged for still using nicotine. Oh, no. Oh, no, no, no. Because most People say, well, you gotta get off that. Why? Yeah. There's, Because they don't know. Yeah. They're just thinking of smoking, which, yes, you should get off smoking. And I chewed tobacco, which of course you should get off of that, but nicotine's fine. That's what my research has shown. Yeah. We, We had many doctors confirm that on here. Yeah. Oh Good. Well, one of them was question. That's not the problem. It was the delivery system. That's the problem. Tobacco is the best delivery system. Yeah. The dosage was really perfect. How long did you partake in that delivery system?


20 years. Nice. Yeah. Yeah. And then 20 years of this, I'm 20 years on this too. Yay. We both put it the same time. I quit it in 2005. Yeah, me too. I did the full body scan recently and I was just bracing. I'm like, you know, dude, you smoked pack a day when not drinking and several packs when drinking a day. That's a bad combination too. Oh, that's so bad. It's, you can't get enough of them in your mouth when you're drunk. Ugh. I know. Well, it's just too lung irritants. Yeah. And throat irritants is not good. It's so bad. It's a real Fuck you to that whole system. Yeah. By the way, this is why I'm no fun in a dinner party. Why? Because I get like, oh no, that's terrible.


Two irritants, you know? Did you read the study on, I think that's part of your charm though. Oh yeah. No, it is. I watch a ton of interviews with you today. I think that's a very charming part of you. Now back to you and I trying to not perform anymore. Oh, right. My therapist would say to me, Hey, sometimes, and I'm only asking you to do it 10% of the time. Sometimes watch the show. It's a good show. You don't always have to be the show. But I'm so controlling some of my performings out of my controlling nature. Is yours that way. I'm not sure. Or I don't wanna know. Okay. Maybe more to the point. It's more honest. Yeah. Maybe I am. After France, I did two different shows. That was basically just me.


Right? Yes, yes, yes, yes. So I did have to think about, Ooh, what's wrong with you coming From the most quintessential ensemble? And to me, that has nothing to do with it. Right. Sure, Sure, sure. Coincidence. By the way, maybe it does have nothing to do with it. Yeah. Yeah. And maybe it does. Do I have to know, Wasn't the working title though of one of the shows? Now it's My Time to Shine. That was another show. That was a third show. There's a Third show still in development. In development. Hell. But my controlling part is I get anxiety that if it's left to some non-professionals, that this thing's gonna go in the ditch.


It's like if I get on an elevator with four strangers, I think, well, I'm the one with improv training. It's kind of on my shoulders to make this experience less awkward. Or is it also their expectations from this group of me? Yes. So to me, that is very actory or entertaining person who's trying to please or fulfill expectations. I know there's a part of me that just wants to play too. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So if I am in a gathering where there are funny people around and they're doing bits, I wanna participate. Same. I also wanna see if I can keep up or I'm a little competitive and I think I can do better. I can beat this. I wanna see if I can win at this game.


And you still Feel that way? Yeah, sometimes. And then there's plenty of times where I do feel like, go for it. Yeah. I'm tired. Especially if it's a bunch of standups, standup comedians. Boy, that is a different vibe though, doesn't it? Yes. Because you and I are both from the Groundlings. Yes. And we're both improv people and sketch people. I often feel, and this is too critical of standups, but it's like, are we playing, or am I hearing six minutes of your standup right now? Is this interactive or am I the recipient of preplanned something? Right. And it can get mean if I overstep, I'm inviting some hostility, potentially. Interesting. If I question or compete.


Oh, sure. Yeah. I bet it's worse for you Because I You're a woman. A woman. That's true. Do You also think people, 'cause of the TV show, they don't know what you can do. They think, oh, you can read a script in a funny way. But they don't know about your background. They don't know about the pedigree. Yeah, they don't about My don't a huge standup career before. No. And I did not have a standup career ever. But you're a groundling. Well, some people know they don't care. 'cause it's not standup. By the way, have you noticed, to me, standup comedians are so much more serious big time than comedic actors. They wanna analyze comedy and pick it apart and talk really seriously about what they do.


Yes. I definitely think there's a strata of dysfunction that the result is comedy. And I think improv artists are like a seven on that scale. Right. And I think standups are generally a 10. They got some fucking shit to work out, and you're gonna sit here and listen to it. Were You a groundling? No, I didn't make it. I was in a Sunday company for a year and was kicked out. And it just recently got over that wound. I mean, truly, maybe like six years ago. I was never a crowd pleaser. I don't even know how I got into the main company. 'cause I didn't do the kind of stuff audiences liked. So I think it would be helpful for people to know within the Groundlings, when you're in the sunny company or the main company, you can be an inside favorite.


There's always a couple people in the group that they're clearly the funniest by our definition. But that's not to say they kill the most. In fact, it's almost assured that you won't kill If you are the favorite among us, whoever was the most offbeat and weirdest and most esoteric would make us laugh the night you'd put up all the sketches. 'cause it was refreshing and novel. I don't know if I fit that category either. Who were you there? What kind of things were you Doing? I did your favorite actress on a talk show. It became a character I did in The Comeback. Yeah. This HBO show. But I loved that character monologue. I loved doing those. What About improv? Yeah, But not game improvs. I liked, I did this thing, transformers, where it's sort of longer form and you do a scene and then it gets silent, whatever.


I guess it's called miming to people listening who might not know. But whatever space work you're doing, it starts transforming as a group. Wow. You're all in sync. Oh, that's, and you turn it from bailing hay to a rodeo lasso or something. Right, right, right. Yeah. And then your new characters, they were really good improvisers in that. I was really happy. I was the only girl. Well, let's back all the way up. Mom was a real estate agent When I was in high school. Yeah. Okay. And dad was a doctor and he specialized in headaches? Yes. Wow. What would that make him? By training. Was it an internist? An internist? Yeah. I can only assume. Knowing that you ended up working with him for so long, were you guys besties? Did you have a great relationship?


Yeah, Very close. And you have an older sister and two brothers. Just Sister and a brother. Oh, I got that wrong. Yeah. Okay. Sister and a brother. And you went to Vosser. Vosser? Is that how you say it? Vassar Vasser. You Made it fancier. I mean, it is fancy, but you made it Really? Maybe back the day they would say they went to Vasser. Jeanine's going to Voser in September. And we're thrilled about it. She absolutely asked her interview. I was thrilled to go to Vassar. I thought, yes, I'm gonna be a lady. Only ladies go to Vassar. And I get there and I find out, oh, these were like the wild ones. Really? Oh really? What do you mean by that? Like the Kennedy type people who partied and had yachts and stuff.


Very artistic and sort of rebellious and went their own way. You know, hip were not mainstream. It opened in 1861, which is start of the Civil War. It was a women's college. I think the first to offer science. That's for women to learn. That's for Women. Women should not be trusted with science. No, this, that's a terrible idea. So you already are gonna have a lot of people who are sending their daughters there who are not in the mainstream. Was it all female when you went there? No. When did it switch to coed? 1969. Perfect Year for that. So I think the first year of graduating class of men was like 72, 3 4.


Okay. And when you went there, you majored in biology. I presume you were gonna be on a medical track. Yeah, I was pre-med. So had you done any acting in Encino In junior high? I did. 'cause I liked going to summer school. I liked having something to do. And I took a play production thing and we wrote sketches and it was so fun and I could do it Well, But why not stick with it in high school? No. That is not something that if you're going to be an adult, you do. I decided. Oh, right. It was too frivolous. Yeah. Okay. You also went to high school with Easy E. Oh My. I did. You went to the same high school. What was it? Taft? What was it called? Yeah. How many years apart? No, it's at the same time.


What? How could I be the one telling you this? Because I don't know. You don't know about yourself, do you? I don't know. I myself, I know who you're gonna enjoy this. I also don't know who that is. You don't Know who easy he is. This is so charming too. This is great. He's one of the members of NWA. Oh wow. Yes. I'm disappointed. You didn't know he went there. 'cause I was under the assumption he lived in Compton there. Hit song was straight Outta Compton. Yeah, but he's going to school with you out in Woodland Hills. Out in Woodland Hills. Yeah. Maybe He got bused there or something. Maybe. I don't know What's his name before it was Eae. That might help us see. I know. What if I go, oh yeah, Exactly. I slept with him in 11th grade. Eric Wing Wright. Okay. Eric, No help, But by the way, no, I, I had three friends.


Oh, tell me. In high school me. Who were they? Well, maybe four. You were smarty pants. Like what was your strata in that? Your First year in high school was sophomore year. And for five minutes I thought, okay, I'm gonna try to be a cheerleader. I'm gonna try to be part of everything, the scene. So I went to all the rehearsals and I learned the thing for cheerleading squad. And then I didn't realize to try out, that's in front of whoever shows up and wants to watch. And I just went, oh no. Well now no, I do not wanna be a cheerleader. And then you have to run and be elected and you have to campaign. Oh wow. I'm out. Not for me.


No, Because you're shy. It was too embarrassing. Nothing good is gonna come of that. You're very tall. I am very tall. I don't know how tall Are you? How tall are you? Like five eight. Five seven and a half. It's tall. That's not that tall. I take back my whole thing. I look gargantuan. No. Next. I just wondered if, I think sometimes it's rough being tall when you're a girl in high school and boys are like five, four, they haven't grown and it can be hard. Or you're an actress and No, you're the only tall actor. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Dax, you and I are built for each other to be in a scene together. I'll make you look like tiny little girl. I know. I just worked with Ray Romano and I didn't know he was that tall because of Brad Garrett.


But he's like six two or six three. This is a phenomena. I've noticed it elsewhere. Right. I remember the first time I met Andy Richter in real life and I went What? Right. You are six three. But he's Next to Conan. His Whole career. Yes. Oh my God. He's like, what? How tall do you think Andy Rector? He and I have the same Height. Definitely five. Five. Right, Right. For sure. On a with heels. And that can happen. Yeah. Brad Garrett is a monster. So he's very tall. Ray Ram, He's very, very tall. But Ray was on parenthood, so I'm hip to the fact that he's probably six, one or two or something. Sorry, 6 1, 2. Yeah. Yeah. Six, 12. Six. Check it. We'll get his exact one. Six, 1.2. Okay. So in high school you had three friends. Four, Sorry, four.


You just added one other friends. Did you feel self-conscious that it was only three? Now you just made it four real time? I felt bad that I left out one of them. Oh, Michael. No, I'm thinking of the girls. There were four of us. So I had three friends. Wait, one, two, no, four. There were five of us. I am fun at a dinner party Counting. I've been to one with you counting. I doubt you remember, but I of your friends, I've been to one with you. Which one? We were at Adam VENnet house for dinner one time. Oh My God. With my ex-girlfriend, Brie. Oh. So it was a long Time ago. 20 years ago. Okay. Tell me it Was outside. Yeah, at his nice big mansion. Yes. And Jim Burrows was there. Was he? I wasn't hip enough yet to have known who Jim Burrows was.


And somebody showed up a little late with a woman. I don't know if you'll clock this too, Maybe you won't. But this woman who I just went, what the hell, What Version? Why is this happening right now? Like How does that exist? Like did it look like a sex worker Or this person was just Sort of high end. And then I saw that person few years later on one of the housewives Interesting. On a show. And I went, okay. Interesting. Wow. Wow, wow, wow. But I can be sort of judgmental and someone comes in, you're just like riffraff, you know? Yeah. Yep. Bogey is what we say.


Oh, you do. My wife and I go, bogey six o'clock Riffraff. Iss a bad word I think. Yeah, it's Well, You think it's got like a bad historical? I think so. Like racist Or something. Oh God, I hope not. Well Then what can be bad about it if it's not racial? I don't know. Because I know I've seen things. Yeah. Yeah. Words are canceled. Now we have to look it up To figure it out. Why Riff R Robin? Even like back then, I saw it in an old movie where it's like, oh, they're an actor. All actors are riffraff. And then it came up and something else and someone was like, don't say that. That's a horrible thing to say. Oh. And I went riffraff. It doesn't sound like really Bad. No, it doesn't. Okay, you We got clearance. Oh, good. Clear. What's the origin? Everything's good. Middle English. Oh fuck. We don't care about that.


Anyway. Not referring to any ethnicity or anything. Yeah. Then we're fine. My only memory of who was there is you. Oh, wow. Yeah. I remember Bri and I driving home and we were like, I can't believe we met Lisa Coer fucking remote. Wow. Yeah. We couldn't believe we were at a dinner with you, to be honest. Oh my gosh. So I gosh know, other than VENnet, who was there other than you and Chuck. Lori was there too, I think. Oh Wow. Dex, you missed a lot Of people. People think this is a D party. How many times do you have dinner over there? I don't think just once. I don't Remember that many times. Okay. But, okay. So for people who don't know, when you're on a set and you're filming the ads, if someone wanders into the scene that's not background hired to be in the scene, like you're filming on a sidewalk in downtown LA and everyone that walks back and forth has been hired.


But if a civilian wanders in, they go, might go to three. Yeah. There's a bogey. They always say there's a bogey and that's a civilian that's wandered into the profess Professional setting. That's okay. Got it. That's Funny. So Chris and I are big on bogey. We got three bogies. You're somewhere and you just think, oh my God, some civilians have entered the wrong door or something. So unrelatable. I don't think There's, well, I think everyone can relate to people being at a party. Random. Random. That doesn't seem like they know anyone. That's, that's all it is. That's True. Well, that happened here. So for Halloween, DS as a big hayride for this neighborhood, and he takes it all across the neighborhood. It's very sweet and cute. Oh, that's nice. Thank you. But two of our friends who have a baby, they came back early and they were sitting here and there were some bogey slash riffraff that were just hanging out at the house.


No one knew who they were. Yeah. For like 35 minutes. They were just chatting with some. See, That would make me very nervous. Yeah. And in their defense it was a very permeable, Oh please. Let's hear their defense. Okay. And then my anxiety will go away. We got a food truck and invited everyone to come to the driveway and have a hamburger on Halloween night. Very Nice. You invited Everyone. That's right. But now there's a little bit of a perme. Is that the right word? There's an impermeable border. Like that's not an invitation to inside my house. Yeah. That's the driveway where the food truck is. So it sounds like people decided, let's also get into the house. They Crossed the line. Luckily I was busy driving the hay. Right. And I missed it, so, okay, great. Yeah. Okay. Back to you and your friends. I'm working on the Indef defense of Burger.


You invited me over for a burger. How was I? No, I wasn't. No. And there were people in the house, so they went in then Were like guess. And You thought like other people are in, I guess it's inside and outside. I'm getting chilly. Yep. Yeah. Should we just go inside? Should We go inside where these other people are? This is clearly a haunted house situation. They were probably bogey too. Yeah. You were there inside. No, I was out in the hayride. But two of our friends came back early 'cause they had a baby. So they then later were like, this was so weird. Right. But they were inside. Yeah, they were inside. But they're allowed, We were outta the house. I'm just Trying to say that. It's all fine. It's all, it's okay. It's okay. No one meant any harm. No. Mostly it's good people in the world. Let's Just keep telling ourselves that. Right. And at Some point we're all gonna die anyway and it's all gonna be okay.


Yeah. We'll have it all this in heaven. We just leave the house for two hours and the house is wide open. Well that's the big thing. So people probably fucked in our bedroom. Discuss. We're not doing that anymore. Okay. Let that be the worst thing. Yeah. Did you, did you pine for popularity? Did you care? Were you the kind of student that you had your thing, you were focused, I'm gonna be a doctor, I don't give a fuck about all this frivolous crap. Or did you want way more friends? No, that is how it was. Because junior high, I thought, Oof, we're all supposed to be popular. That's supposed to happen developmentally. Right. See again, why I'm not fun at a dinner party. Because You wanna get into the science of, because I wanna get into the evolutionary like Behavior. You're a biology major's about it.


It's in your history. Yeah. You're generous. You and I would be cutting it up like crazy. 'cause that's all I wanna talk about too. I dunno if you've ever heard this show. That's all this is. Yeah. Why do you think that happens? Yeah. Right. I must know. I can't feel comfortable until I understand why it happened. Because then I can predict what's gonna happen. That's all I really wanna do. And That Yeah, go ahead. Is very important. Evolutionarily modeling, playing out scenarios, having a plan. The world is scary. If we can't do that Right, don't we all do that? No happy people Do not do that. Do you think? I don't know. Yes. To just be fine with what is, and then something comes up, you'll deal with it. I can be that person. Sometimes I'm very happy when I am. But today, I mean, I have to say it's election day.


So everything is just like, all right, what's gonna happen? What should we prepare for? Oh my God. Right. Yeah. There's a level of intensity. Yeah. There's a, I'm looking for that baseline anxiety. Yeah. I can feel it walking around the world today. Like, whew. Everyone's a little on edge. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Anyway. Okay, so great. So I'm delighted to know that you didn't really covet that I'm gonna focus on getting myself to where I think I need to be. And that is college, somewhere on the East coast and not here in Southern California. I relate to that greatly. And I also remember from Polars autobiography, those moments you have in your teenage years. And for mine, it was literally in a mirror where I go like, okay, here's the situation.


You're not a babe. I wanted to look like all these other boys. We're just gonna bet on our personnel. Like a real, let's talk about the game plan here. Those moments happen in teenage years. It's really adorable. I wish I could like see kids doing that. Yeah. In the mirror. My head's full of 10 different things. You walked in today and I went, Jesus, he looks so gorgeous. Oh my God. Oh, that's so God. Thank you. Yeah. I think I'm way better looking for sure now than I was. It happens with men's too. Yeah. By the way. So unfair. Have you seen the substance? No. Yet. What Is that? A movie? You gotta see it to mean more. Is It scary? Yeah. Yeah. Then I will not see that movie. I'm sorry. Do you want us to just tell you everything that happens in it?


Not if it's scary, But it's about aging really. Women aging and how they get sort of cast aside or Just hit you with the premise. Yeah. She's an aging actress. She finds out there's a thing you can shoot in your body and then for two weeks you'll be your twenties self. But you have to return to your old self for two weeks. And you go two weeks. Two weeks. Two weeks. And that's the substance that makes you young again. And of course when she's her younger self, she don't wanna play by those rules. She doesn't wanna go back. Is she back in time? Nope. She takes this shot, she becomes young again for two weeks, and then she has to go through a procedure to go back to being old for two weeks. Oh. And she says, no, I don't wanna go back to being old. Okay. And You pay a heavy price for that and you end up kind of destroying your olders.


It's very, very good. And so feminist, it's nuts. But this whole thing of he comes in, he's gorgeous, he looks better. And we do that for men. We allow men to age and think it's attractive. And it's not the same for women. I think you and I could have a conversation that no one is allowed to have About, There is an evolutionary reason for that. It's like both unfortunate and it's not outta nowhere. Right. Dudes can have kids in their nineties. Look at some of our famous directors. It toddlers right Now. It's true. Yeah. Right. Women can't and shouldn't. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We don't know that we have that awareness. So you gotta like fight through all that Because it's not just about procreation anymore.


No. We don't even need each other anymore. Which is a whole new interesting dynamic. Oh my God. And it's scary. That's the chilling terrifying thing. By the way. You know the movie here? No. Tom Hanks, Robin Wright, Robert Ek. It's going through time and they shot it and they could actually shoot the scene and then look at the playback of them as younger and it's ready. Oh my God. For them to see. Whoa. And they wanted to make this movie for the rest of their lives. Well, and all I got from that was this is an endorsement for AI and oh my God. It's not like, oh, it's gonna ruin everything. But maybe What Will there be left for?


Forget actors. But what about up and coming actors? They'll just be licensing and recycling. We'll be watching new Brando movies. Yeah. And then set that completely aside. What work will there be for human beings? Yeah. We've talked a lot about This. Oh, you do talk about that. And then what? So there'll be some kind of living stipend for people. Exactly. Yeah. You don't Have to work. How can it possibly be enough? Let me attempt to make a glass half full. Look at, I'm shaking. I don't if I know you are. If It's Jill in here or Well, lemme get, there's A blanket. Are you cold? Are you cold? Maybe You, first of all, you're Sitting On a blanket. Those blankets. Oh, can I do this for you? 'cause I've done it one other time For so Oh yeah, he likes and It made you happy.


Okay, I'm gonna make a burrito. Or I'm just getting old and I need a shawl. It Gets little chilly. That's nice. He Likes to wrap people in like a burrito. I think. Just kind of nice. You go like this. Okay. Now I can't. You can change when I leave. I just do that for now. I just won't gesture anymore. Oh my God. You Look so cute like a baby. Okay, This is great. I just took you back in time without ai. Now. Tiny 99. Put her to sleep. Sta Stay in your bedroom tonight. Put Her to sleep. This is a drag. This Isn't working out. Okay. Maybe this is crazy glass half full. And I think it's very unlikely. Oh, Please tell me the full part. So you and I will have experienced, and I already know you have your arms completely wrapped around the experience.


'cause I've heard you talk about it. I wrote down a quote from you today that said, oh, let me just read it. 'cause it's so good. That's the healing power of fame. Everything will be fixed. Now you're talking about getting the dream and your thought is everything will be fixed now. That's the fallacy. Yeah. Right. Okay. Because you said that's the healing power of fame, Right? Suggesting like yes, that there would be a healing power of fame. It would fix everything. And It doesn't. It doesn't. But I think in that, for me is the greatest gift I've ever been given because I at least got to go like, okay, great. That's not it. What is it? And it sent me on a journey of figuring out what it is.


And if I hadn't been given the gift to find out it was lackluster or that it was empty, I would've never stopped believing that that would've been the fix. So currently everyone in America thinks if I didn't have this job and I didn't have money problems and I didn't have that, I would be fixed. And so we'll give everyone that. You don't work. You don't have money problems. Fucking robots are doing every single thing. And then three weeks after that, they turn that light switch on. Everyone's gonna be like, yeah, I'm miserable. Why am I miserable? And then we all start the path. That could be the outcome. How's That glass half full? That sounds so depressing. Because Everyone will actually try to confront the real. Yeah. Angst of being a human real purpose.


These other stories, we've told ourselves that it's 'cause we don't have this ski boat. Yeah, that's fair. And we That's fair. We don't have this pair of shoes. It's an equalizer. That's for sure. So what you are saying is, so people will Be miserable, Be miserable. But then what they're gonna see is being here on this planet, in this life is about something else. It's not about what I do, it's about who I love and who loves me. It's about connecting. It's about being part of a community, but a community doing what? Well, right. Meeting in the yard, I guess painting. It doesn't have to be for a result. The domestic robot will do that better. Oh, it will be better. The artist robots will do it better.


You're Right. So I guess it can't be about being the best. Takes that off the table. I have a solution. Hiking with friends, playing pickleball, playing cards, being social and enjoying the big gift, which is like other people. Right. But haven't you been on vacation? And after a week? Okay, now what? Well, because you and I are doing the same thing at the end of seven days, like I'm a piece of shit. 'cause I haven't been productive. And if I'm not productive, I have No value. No, I don't feel like that. Oh, you don't. What's your issue? You's bored. Yeah. Everyone needs an occupation. I don't mean the professional occupation. I mean a purpose. You need something to occupy your time.


And you need to decide what's fulfilling and what isn't. But again, we're so distracted by the immediate needs that are on everyone's plate. Make my rent, feed my kids, all this stuff. But You're saying that'll be solved. And I'm saying I don't know what government can afford to solve that on a satisfactory level. Currently we can't. We're just imagining in a future where the robots actually do do every single thing and they grow the food and there's just a surplus of all things that are needed. And they manufacture phones and they build houses for everyone, you know? Oh, okay. So that's where we're at. This is, you've all harra homo. It's all been solved. We're all a leisure society. Now what? So I think now what would be great Depression for months Population decline.


Sure. That's a terrible joke. Because it's not funny. If you or someone you know is contemplating suicide, get in touch with this hotline. Yeah. Yes. We'll put the in show notes. Morning in the show notes. So is that possible? Does it give everyone the gift of not needing all this stuff? I'd need to see an episode of that. Maybe there was one on Star Trek or a good writer is gonna have to play that out for me to see. I'll get back to you. Okay, so now back to graduating. Going to Vassar Integrated in 1969 for men. 1861 for females that started. Yeah, I just learned all this from you. How the fuck do you get into comedy? Did you know you were funny throughout all that seriousness?


Yeah. Do I need to relieve you from that? I was able to do it myself. Okay, good. I'm like Harry Houdini. Somehow I was able to square my hand under the loose blanket and Wrapped. It Felt like watching Houdini for a second. That's why I offered assistance. I saw your hand moving around a ton under there. Like, oh my fuck, she's trapped. I can't. I had a feeling. I need my gum. Stay tuned for more. Armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by better help. There are so many things to love about December, it's holiday season. There are breaks from work and school on the calendar to spend time with loved ones. Not to mention delicious seasonal treats. Staying cozy in the winter months is essential. And therapy can be a great way to bring yourself some comfort. That never goes away, even when the seasons change. Oof. Therapy is essential to me during the holidays especially because I generally am going home, Right? Yes. And And I need sort of some stability and guidance from my therapy and guidance. Yeah. To stay nice. Well, if you've ever been considering starting Therapy, give Better Help a try. It's completely online. So it's easy to integrate into your schedule. Better Help is flexible too. It's easy to book or move appointments on their platform. And if the therapist you're matched with isn't the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Find Comfort this December with Better Help. Visit better help.com/dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help hlp.com/dax


Audible's. Best of 2024 picks are here. Discover the year's top audio books, podcasts, and originals, and all your favorite genres from memoirs and sci-fi to mysteries and thrillers. Audible's curated list in every category is the best way to hear. 2020 four's best in audio entertainment. Like a stunning new full cast production of George Orwell's. 1984 Heartfelt memoirs like Supreme Court, justice Keji, brown Jackson's lovely one the year's best fiction like the Women by Kristin Hanna and Perceval Everett's, brilliantly subversive James. Another worthwhile listen is Amy Tin Tara's thrilling and twisting. Who'd done it? Listen for the lie. This laugh out loud funny tale follows, Lucy, a woman who needs to clear her own name after a True Crime podcast decides to probe into the worst night of her life. One she conveniently can't remember Audible. There's more to imagine when you listen. Go to Audible dot com slash Wondery pod and discover all the years best waiting for you.


Etsy knows these aren't the sounds of holiday gifting. Oh or oh. Okay. Thank you. Well, they're not the sounds you are hoping for. You want squeals of delight like this? Ooh and spontaneously written songs of joy. I am so happy. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. To get those, make everyone on your list. Feel heard with gifts like personalized jewelry, custom artwork, vintage pieces, and home decor for original gifts that say, I get you. Etsy has it.


You can't always see bad weather coming. So it's essential that you're able to see through it. When you drive Michelin wiper blades with advanced technology. Hug your windshield like a Michelin tire. Hugs the road, channeling away water, snow, and ice. So you can see clearly drive confidently and breathe easy Michelin wiper performance clearer than ever. Upgrade to Michelin premium wipers today at your local auto parts retailer.


By the way, do you wear a lot of shawl collars or whatever this would be? Monica, this is a very cute look on you. It's a Nice look Dress. Yeah. Like yeah. The fact that it's like pin striped up top and then straight. Yeah. That's very cute. Legend has it. Your brother's friends with John Lovett? Yeah. I grew up with John Lovetts. He and my brother best friends. And he grew up in Encino as well. Tarzana. And he was at our house all the time. And he said to you what? I let him know after college, I decided I should try acting because I always was interested, but threw it away. After I graduated, I realized, wait a minute. Don't have any regrets later. I know you plan to get married and have kids and all of that, but you might regret not ever even trying.


So know for sure why you didn't pursue acting. So I let Levits know after I graduated, 'cause he got on Saturday Night Live. And before that I thought, oh, it's only a magical few that are touched. Certainly no one who looks like me. But I saw him just pounding away forever in college. He was a theater major. He wanted to be an actor. And oh dear God, how's that? Oh no, it's so hard. And then he got on Saturday Night Live and I thought, oh, it's his reality. I wonder if I should try. So I let him know. And he said, go to Groundlings. That's where I learned the most for acting. That's been the best preparation. I wasn't allowed to even audition.


'cause I called them and said, John Levitz told me to call, which may have been like a fucking guy. Got onto Saturday Night Live. You know? Okay, well when's the last time you performed or acted? And I said, junior high. And I said, great. We're sending you someplace else. Oh. Oh. See Cynthia Spaghetti, who taught improv and she had a class she taught at the Coronet Theater. Oh, no kidding. Where they do Largo now? Yeah. The other person in that class was Conan O'Brien. He also was sent to Cynthia Spaghetti. Oh my God. And by the way, I've told this before, but I was gonna quit. I went to one class of Cynthia's. Conan wasn't there. Everyone there just felt like, oh, not for me. You Didn't get a good vibe. Like, These are actory people.


I thought comedy would be less serious and phony. They were really overdoing it with emotional adjustments. I was like, this is just embarrassing. Right. Yeah. This is like cheerleading. You've been embarrassed for people for quite a long time. Yeah. And I didn't wanna be part of that. It's an Embarrassing endeavor, to be honest. Well, in a Great way. When, so the next week I was like, do I go back? I should go. Just go. Come on. And I was a little late and they were already up there doing lift a disc or space ball or whatever it was. Now throw it and you're angry. Everyone's angry. Angry. Now people are throwing it and they're like so embarrassing.


And then there was Conan, I don't know him. He was really tall, red hair. And he was throwing it and he was angry, but he wasn't making a meal of it. I got it. And then Cynthia said, good commitment. And I went, that's what commitment means. I can do that. And so I just made a beeline for him when it was all over. And you know, like, hi, I'm Lisa. Yes. We're gonna date shortly. Well Pretty Soon we'll be dating. Not Really best friends. Aw, for How long you did date though, right? Eight years. And then tried that for like after eight Years of Friendship, three months, and then No, that's an ill-fated plan. It worked out Well, clearly. But not in a romantic sense.


I Mean, it worked out. We weren't Supposed they were meant to be. Supposed to be Be. Yeah. No, of course. I'm only saying if you've been friends with someone for eight years, I always have a hard time understanding that transition into dating. Obviously there's probably success stories. You think it's too friend zoned by then? Yeah. Just that's an interesting transition. After eight years. Like generally your first kiss is quite exciting. Whereas opposed to like, we've been hanging for eight years now we're kissing. Feels a little bit awkward. No, still exciting. Okay, Great. Yeah. 'cause it's a completely different relationship and we're better as friends. So that was just a weird little blip. Blip Because I can relate to that as so embarrassing.


When I really think about the times I've done it. I feel like it's because, well first of all, I'm allergic to earnestness. I don't know If you have that right. It feels so cringey to care. But now I can see that as that's actually a beautiful thing that people care and throw the thing with such fervor, even though it's embarrassing. I can see that now as cool. Do you think you have that? I'm afraid to care that much. Oh. Because then there's possibility of getting rejected. No. If the praise is coming for like indicating anger or Oh, I'm sad, I'm not Buying it. It's bad. Right? You were like, bad is being rewarded.


The Teacher is really just trying to make people feel safe and comfortable. Right. And so for me it was, well, how will I ever be able to trust her? I'm gonna think I'm great and then I'm gonna have horrible habits. I'm just gonna become good at being bad. Right. Right. That's not what I am hoping to learn to do. You need the truth. And Then I need an example. I learned best by example. So what does it look like when you're doing it right? Because Robert De Niro isn't doing space ball or lift a disc right now for me to see. And Conan was doing it, right? Yes. He told the cutest story. I'll earmark that. I'm gonna save that.


When you were on the show. Okay, I'll just say it now. But you telling him how thrilled you were to meet Matthew Perry and how hysterical he was, and you're going on and on about how special and funny he was. And he admitted to you when he interviewed you. He is like, I just started feeling like, well who is this guy and why is he So my gene cordero thing. Oh sure. Kristen and Monica love Jean Cordero. No, his Name is Eugene. I started calling him Mean Gene Cordero. That's not his name, but because I'm threatened by how funny he is. And they would just regal all the time how funny he was. Okay. Yeah. Well 'cause Conan was, was, yeah. I mean he has always been. Yeah. And that's not a lie. The funniest person I'd ever met. Yeah. Yeah. Ever.


Well, you stumbled into one who historically will go down as one of their funniest, Funniest of the funniest people ever. Yeah. Of all Time. All time. And you just Ran into him at an improv class. That's so bizarre. Yeah. And we'd go to parties like, well, he's the best to bring to a party. 'cause he makes everyone so comfortable. He's so hilarious. And he's, I think, one of the smartest people I've ever met. That was my hunch is I bet Sure. You were attracted to the comedic ability of him, but I imagine how brilliant he is is what really? Yeah. Made you wanna be friends and Oh yeah. Eventually lovers. As we discovered for Three months, Three hot Stevie months For five minutes. You then started going through the actual program at the liens. Yeah, we got accepted into paying them money for the basic class.


We were allowed to do that, but we weren't in the same class. And everyone knew we were close friends. I always suspected that had something to do with if people thought there was anything good about me. 'cause I sort of had Conan's endorsement and he was already really respected. He was gonna get in, He left, right. Third Level or something. He was in advanced class. Is that called third level? I don't the advanced class. No, I Think it's fourth. And from there you get voted into the Sunday company and you do two sort of showcases. After that first performance in that advanced class, he and his writing partner Greg Daniels. What? Yeah. You didn't know that? I Don't think I knew that. Or did I? Maybe. Oh my God. Forgot. Oh my God. You fucking So mad.


Can we just do this whole thing about Conan T? No, but they got invited to write on Saturday Night Live. Oh. It wasn't Simpson's first. It was Saturday Night Live, first Saturday Night Live. So they had to go to New York. Wow. And that's why Conan wasn't a groundling. On this episode, we answer the burning question, why wasn't Conan a groundling? Wow. How far into the main company before you got an audition for SNL? I didn't get an official audition. I was just told Lorraine Newman had seen me at the Groundlings and she thought I was good. Was she a scout for SNL? No, but she let me know. She let them know to pay attention or come see me.


They were coming out to look at Julia Sweeney and I think she was letting them know Look at her too. Oh my. So you knew. So you knew that before the show. Before the show. Did that make you nervous? It made me nervous. 'cause that was gonna be life changing. Were you focused on being on SNL? Was that something you wanted to do? I wasn't gonna say no. It wasn't your only, no. You Wanted to act and being things. I thought I Should probably be on a sitcom. I mean, I, we've worked out, wasn't getting any auditions or anything at that point at all. And Saturday Night Live was good too. Duh. You know know. Oh my God, you'll take it. It's one of the coolest, It's like joining the Beatles or something. Yeah. And I remember calling Conan because he was writing there and I said, can you put in a good word, can you make him hire me anything?


He was like, no. 'cause that's a different No. It might make it go worse for you. That's the real answer. Also, he may have known, they're kind of luck at Julius Sweeney. That's kind of the entire story. So you didn't fly to New York and do the whole thing? No, they were in the audience. Were The shows. They were in the audience. And I thought, I'm having it. They're here to see me too. Yeah. Right, right, Right, right. Were there any dudes that went to SNL while you were there? No, but I'm usually wrong. I don't remember things. Well, I just know. Yeah. Julia Sweeney. That's all I know. That's who went to SNL while you're there. But I know 'cause I was a groundling. I voted in Will Ferrell. Oh, Get out. It's so weird to think of him in the Sunday Company. It's almost like he's too much of a God to have possibly done that.


Was he outrageously good as we came to know him on SNL? Yeah. That wasn't even a question for anyone. Voting everything you need here. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Will Ferrell, Okay. You're on Cheers in 1989. Yeah, You are. Congratulations. Did you know This? No, I did, but I don't know what year. Okay. Were you in the Growlings when you were on Cheers? Yeah. Okay. Wait, was I, no, you weren't. That's why I got voted in. Oh, Because you were on cheer. I cheer. No, I was in a play ladies room that Robin Schiff, who was a growling. She wrote it. It was really successful. And then I got to be in a movie, Theresa Russell, directed by Sandra Locke.


I got cut out of it, but it was not comedy either. And I got to audition for so many things of a that play. The Play of Play. Oh, ladies' Room. I don't know about Ladies' Room. It was a play. Okay. Where you play At the Tiffany Theater, which was the Equity Waiver Theater in la. And it ran forever. And it was me and this girl, Christie Miller, who was also in the Groundling program and maybe Sunday. Christy Miller. Who's Christie? Oh, not Krista. Christie Miller. And at first the characters were called Airhead one, airhead Two. We were total of like five minutes in and out of the stage. Then the play is backed by Aaron Spelling and Oh wow.


Douglas Kramer. And they give the characters' names. Romey and Michelle Stop. Oh yeah, come On. I was about to say Airhead one, airhead two. Romey and Michelle. Yeah. So they made it later into the movie, But Years later after friends. So later. So later. Yeah. Oh my God, so much later. Oh you're, there's a bad, there's a bad pilot with Romey and Michelle. That spelling Kramer made. It's not great. Okay. Because I realized I kept saying so bad. And that's unkind. Right? Everyone tried their hardest. Sure, Sure. That's in between, I imagine. Cheers. And Friends. You do Two pilots between Cheers and Friends. Oh My God.


Congratulations. That's before. Cheers. This is before Cheers that you made a Pilot either right before or around the same time. Because I knew one of them. I wasn't a SAG member, so Right. You had to get two jobs. I had to get Taft Hart lead and then join. Right. Or something like that. Let's join. So it was Cheers and Roy and Michelle, but it was called Temporarily Yours. Wow. Temporarily yours. That's why I got into ground leagues. Because you had done No, I think It's, I was ready to hand it over to, I think, 'cause I was friends with Conan. I think It's 'cause you were good. Can you, can you not just take that? I think you're a fraud. I'm with you on this one. No, It's not that. I think I was bad.


Could You be misled by the fact that you were with Sweeney on stage? Yes. I mean, I do know peers thought that's funny. But I was not a crowd pleaser with the groundling audience. I wasn't doing like fright wigs and blackened teeth, you know? Right. Kind stuff. Yeah. You were embarrassed by that. I wasn't. I mean, I would've been, I did one sort of like that. If people can see your Face one time, yeah, You're almost throwing up. You're kind of holding back a One time. But I was trying to be clever by the way, pat Seja had a late night show. Oh Yes. For a minute. A talk show For a minute. And he was gonna start having sketches. And so they wanted Groundlings to come do sketches. So they came to watch a show and the director of the main company at the time I was smoking and I was gonna go get cigarettes.


And he goes, let me walk with you. I was like, oh, I didn't think he liked me at all. All right. And we're walking, he says, so Pat Ajak people were out here and they watched the show. So they liked Julia. Of course Sweeney. I went, yeah, yeah. He said, everyone does it. And I don't even understand any of this but you. Oh geez. Oh my God, what a sweetheart. And he really Did say it like that. 'cause I remember thinking manners at least. Yeah, sure. But alright. I went, huh? I think he said This is crazy. I said, yeah. Wow. That is crazy. Geez. You know, having fun on stage is really contagious. Yeah. I skipped one part and I just need to know. 'cause selfishly I'm left-handed.


So a lot of the work, you did a study with your father for eight years and part of the study was to see if left-handed people had cluster headaches at an inordinate rate Close. Okay. Yes. And Yeah, you were born in 1983. Yes. And also I was not. Yes. And I could see how you might be confused with that because an eight and a six have circles in them. That's Exactly right. And that is why I was a fine improviser. Very Good. Anyway, it was to see if there was any association between hemispheric dominance.


Right. Handedness and headache types. So it wasn't just cluster Headache. My understanding is that your right hemisphere controls your left hand. Yeah. So did cluster headache show up more in the right hemisphere over the left hemisphere? Was that discovered? No. Okay. It was just to see if people who were right hemispheric dominant had more cluster headache. But it was every headache amongst all headache types. But the answer was no. Oh, Okay. That's what you found out. Now let me ask you this, because headaches were such a topic in the house, it would've given me a self-fulfilling prophecy that that I was I gonna get headaches. Did that happen to you at all? No. I would've been like overly concerned about headaches.


'cause this is like the primary concern of my father. No, he was concerned, not concerned, but he was interested in headache. 'cause he got almost every headache type. Oh he did. What is the explanation? Yes. It's a complicated explanation that has to do with if it holds, it's his theory, which was impressive 'cause he had the first working theory that it had to do with some damage to the hypothalamus. Mostly men had cluster headache and that the damage may have come from burning the candle on both ends was his theory at the time, but I don't think stress brought on the cluster headaches. I think it was a circadian or circ annual rhythm thing for episodic cluster and people who had it chronically all the time.


Could those people discover a pattern or were they completely random? Well, the pattern had to do with the light changing. Wow. Wow. A lot of them are hormone related too. Right? Migraines but not cluster Headaches. Those are those female skew, don't they? Yeah. Which would make sense. But there are men who get headaches. Well, young men. And then as you get older, if I'm remembering it right, 'cause I worked there for eight years, guys get older, their headaches go away. Oh, Interesting. They go away because my daughters has a lot of headaches. I don't know about a lot. She has more than average. Is she adolescent? She's a woman. She's, no, she's 11. But They're hormones maybe. Yeah. She's 11 and things are starting to happen. Sorry.


No, I mean, I'm sorry About my headache. Yeah. Yeah. Look at me now. It's like, no, no, I'm no joking. This isn't funny. Everything's Very serious. We're talking Headache. Come on. I would've been happy to have a good time with you. But you brought up headache. Yeah. I had them when I was younger, but I don't really have, if I have one now, it's very, very rare. And I'm so grateful. 'cause they're fucking Miserable. They are, but they've got good treatments now. Yeah, I Know people, they do injections when the shit hits the fan. Yeah. There's those migraines, you know, like hemiplegic migraines or, I don't know, maybe they don't call those anymore, but half of the face or body gets paralyzed. And the scary thing is when it happens, you think, I think you gotta get a brain scan because stroke stroke's happening, but it's not.


Whoa. Is like there's too much electrical activity going on. My brother's a neurologist and he now, he's a neurologist, is the headache specialist. Oh. And he had just explained it. And now because of my age, I don't remember what he said. Right. But that's a joy. 'cause he can explain to you all over again. I bet he loves explaining it and you'll love learning it all over again. This is very symbiotic. I don't dunno if he does. He does. Okay. How cool for Him. You said he is a man. Yeah. He loves to explain things. Trust me as I explain this to you right now, I know the same tickle he's getting. Oh my god. Got meta. Oh my God. We're the worst. Like Cannibalistic meta. Okay. I wanna talk about this kind of interesting and sim, like Your life is a sim for sure.


You meet Conan on your first day of Yes. Do you believe in the sim? What does that mean? Simulation. Simulation? Like maybe we're Simulation, right? What do you mean? Like do you think you're living in Life? Not, do you think you have a carcass somewhere plugged into a computer and it's giving you this experience? I do now. I mean you, I didn't Until Today. You sh convinced That's all it took is a simple explanation of Where you're, I heard it once. You've experienced a lot of one of one things. I think If you have a lot of suspicious stuff happen in your life, you're probably more prone to think like what's going on. We don't really believe in the zim, but also we 30% dabble do dab. Yeah. Yeah. We play around with the notion that we're plugged in somewhere. I'm processing everything you're saying and trying to figure how it's the same as the way I see things.


Because I do think that there's too much we don't know. So it could be that. It could be God, it could be anything. Something stinks. I Don't know if something stinks. I think that what stinks is that we require to measure it. See it, describe it. Define it. We need to know. Predict you're using science words. Yeah. In order to accept it. Yeah. When the one thing I learned from science and scientific method is there's more we don't know than we do know. So just because you can't, doesn't mean it's not happening. Yeah. We have the tiniest sliver of data. Really, We're so limited in our senses. We Have these five. And If you really ponder it, if no one had sight and you didn't have sight, it's completely unimaginable.


Nobody could expand their fucking imagination enough to imagine what sight is or hearing. Yeah. Or taste or touch. So yeah, conceivably there's like 12 other ways to observe reality that we just don't observe. That's what I think. There are things we can't explain that we've just known. Well, let me ask you this. Have you had those moments? 'cause you've had a very exceptional life and you go like, well, how do I make peace with this? This is an abnormal amount of, you know, Of success for Me. I would recall like Yeah. Certain Things I couldn't have imagined. Yeah. Yeah. Well, okay, here's the thing. When there was no way I was gonna be an actress and I was in college, and my plan, even on graduation was I'm gonna go to graduate school and study evolutionary theory, not gonna be a doctor.


That's fine. I'd come home for spring breaks and I'd be driving around in LA and you'd hear on the radio commercial for a new sitcom or a sitcom, and they're promoting it with their best joke. I have huge quote marks. I'm waving like a lunatic close Looking at a pelican flapping its wings. I'm driving along and I'd hear that joke, which would just be like, well, that's what she said last time. And I think, oh my God, why do they have to like hit it so hard? Can't they just throw it away? Well, that's what she said last time. And then, and then, and then the thought was, Lisa, please remember to throw it away when you do it.


Oh. And I went, what? I'm not doing that. Yeah, right. But you always were. And then other things like that, I'd watch David Letterman and watch someone who was being very, very phony. You know? That's not the way they talked. Not really. No. Oh, I love that. I love that. You know, like that kind of thing. And I thought, oh my God, Lisa, when you're on Letterman, please try to be yourself. I'm like, yeah. Wait, when am I gonna be on Letterman? For what the latest evolutionary theory? Am I gonna come up with some world altering the Fifth tallest biology graduate from Vassar, put your hands together for the fifth Tall as, I don't know how to explain those things.


I'm feeling very seen by the notion, and this is a terrible thing to admit, but it has been a great source of confidence for me. I watch stuff and I think, well, that's not very good. Maybe I can do it. So much of my propulsion has been seeing something. I don't think it's very good. So then I think, well, shit, then I think maybe I could do it. Oh, you Think that's what I was experiencing? Yes. I don't, you Would go to an improv show and you go like, that's not very good. I have so much fear that I'm not good enough. But when I see something bad, it would weirdly encourage me and go like, no, no. This might be doable. And so you're hearing shitty acting on the radio and something in you tells you, I know that's not good. That's weirdly confidence building.


Does that make any sense to you? It does. But You don't relate to it. I don't feel like that was that part of me responding. It felt like it was someone else saying, Lisa, when you do it. But it wasn't a voice. It wasn't anything else. It was a thought in my head. But to respond to it, like, wait, what are you saying? What does that mean? Right. Sometimes I just know what I know. Although now I'm feeling like an idiot. No, no. After talking to you. No, that, oh yeah. Or she studied science and she thinks that's something, and the cosmos is talking to her. But it did feel like such a strong feeling that shouldn't rationally be there. Yeah. And you kind of would listen to it, which is good.


I didn't. I rejected it. Yeah. Okay. Until Lovet, and it was very practical. I'm 22, I don't have a mortgage. I don't have any responsibility. Now's the time to try that. And you don't wanna have any regrets. I'd forgotten about those other things. Now this is a childhood question. It's related to the truth and it's related to watching the people be phony. Now, it could be as a name as you're a younger sibling. I'm a younger sibling. My older sibling tried to deceive me all the time because that's how it works, Right? You're the least competent person in the household. So you have the least, you're the dumb ass respect. Yes. Right? Yes. And everyone's getting something. You're not getting all the time. And you want to fake it like you are. Do you relate to that observation, which is, it's very important to you to know what's real and what's not.


Ooh, I used to. And do you think that's childhood stuff or, or just your biochemistry? I don't know. Things shift and change in me all the time. What's important, who I am, what kind of mood I'm in. Either very analytical or I'm very like, you know, it doesn't matter. It's okay. You'll rise to the occasion. I feel like a different person. And Diane Keaton once said to me a long time ago, something like, oh, I was 25. I was a different person. Like, well, don't you feel like you're the same person? No, I've been so many different people. Right. Of course not. We've all been so many different people at different times. Yeah. And If you like Buddhism at all, which I'm very newly into reading about.


Yeah. We are a product of whatever context we're in. We're not even the same person throughout the day. You go to the grocery store and shit's popping off and there's an argument over here and there's some version of you that's there. That's not the version of you at dinnertime later. Right. Or just some important beliefs shift. Yeah. Sometimes you care a ton about something and then other times you're like, I I don't even care about that. Yeah. It's Also good. You don't wanna be so stuck in the thing you were saying when you were 16. We're supposed to evolve. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Not being married to all these cornerstone beliefs. We think that define us. Definitely. Malcolm Gladwell says, hold your opinions loosely. I agree with that. But what about core beliefs? Beliefs and opinions are different, aren't they? Values and opinions are different for sure.


Would I be writing guessing the permanence of the role as mom is something unique. It feels like bedrock to me. There's a higher order, something shifted in the list of priorities. And you can feel it's permanent and you're like, oh yeah, there'll be no wavering. Right. And this is a unique feeling other than when you get a tattoo and you go like, okay, put it on. You go like, yep. Well that's a permanent decision. There's very few of those in life. Yeah. I don't have any tattoos. I'll give you one please. Because I don't like permanent decisions except for my son. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I just wanted to point out this Jimmy Burrows thing. 'cause this is another simulation. He kind of thing, you go to Cheers and a very cute conversation with you and Ted talking about you being there all week and just staying on set the entire time.


Yeah. To learn what was happening. Yeah. But Burroughs, of course, is directing that show. So you have some experience with them there. And then you get cast in Frazier. Right. They made a mistake and then they corrected the mistake. And what happens as A lead series regular. She was Playing Frazier. Yeah. Yeah. You're set. Oh, you're Frazier. Yeah. She original. Remember I, they made a mistake and then they corrected like, no, let's stick with Kelsey. Yeah. I mean, he's already established on the other show. Just people Love him. It was a funny idea. Don't mess with what's No. The Roz character. I mean, they, I think had Perry Gilpin in mind when they wrote the part. And she and I were the ones that went to the network. And I just sort of changed their mind for a minute.


And that was a mistake. They reversed Course. How deep into the process did you get before you were replaced? A couple days before shooting. I don't know. Halfway through the pilot Week for sure. For you at that moment, career wise, he's coming off of cheers. This is just, show's gonna work. Right. You must have been like, okay, back to the, like everything's about to be fixed. Right. What was the heartbreak of that? Was it devastating? How did you handle it? I did think I might be one of those people for whom this isn't gonna work out. Am I? I am. Am I though? I don't know. How do you find your way back to some level of confidence? Grief starts to wane. Time passes.


Yeah. And I would just get up every morning and walk. And then at the end of the walk, I lived near Michelle Rashard at the time. It was a great little cafe and they had Pano shuck a lot. And I'm gonna have one of those at the end of my walk. And as I'm out there walking, the sun is bleaching my hair and it's getting a little lighter. So I'm getting some lighter highlights. It's beautiful. And I'm just in every way lightening up. And I have friends that I'm talking to who are saying like, oh my God, you're leaving the house. That's amazing. To me, it was support and encouragement. Like, well, you're doing great. Look, one door close, another one opens. And then I think it's that one thing that I was told that it's, then what else will you do?


And I could always just go back to school, get caught up in whatever's happening in evolutionary biology, take whatever classes I have to take and just continue on that path. And that was never an option. I knew I wasn't gonna do that and that this is really what I wanted to do. Yeah. How long between getting fired again by Jimmy Burroughs before Friends A year? I don't know. I'm bad with this. Maybe People know this. I didn't know any of this. I find this really fascinating. So you auditioned for friends and Jimmy Burroughs gonna be the director. And your last experience with him was that you were fired, right? Yeah. That's scary. And I really thought, I'm not his cup of tea. Yeah. Right.


He doesn't like me. I'm not for him. How much of a say does he have and things right. You know? And it Seemed like Oh, oh, a lot. Okay. Oh, maybe a lot. And so I had to audition. I auditioned for Just Jimmy. One of my auditions was in a room, just Jim Burrows. Oh God. And I'm doing the audition and he says, no notes. And I walk out going, that either means I give up, she's helpless or it was perfect. I have no notes. And then it's, I'll find out soon. Oh, it doesn't matter. What can I do? Yeah, it's over. Yeah. I don't know how many years ago this was less than 10, I think. And there's something for Jim Burrows, like a special something. And I think it's even broadcast.


And the six of us cast members are with him. That's where I think I said like, yeah. Well, I don't audition. Remember the audition? We all had The round with just Jim, Just Jimmy and everyone. No, I didn't have that. He took one look at a tape of them and they're like, oh yeah, that's him. That's Her. Wow. I was the only one. It's a blessing. You didn't know that until 10 years ago. I thought this is that crazy insecurity. You think he needed to see you because it didn't work out on the lasting. That's just part of the audition process. It's part of it. Everyone did this. Aren't you calmed down? Yeah. You're talking yourself out of being Crazy. Yes. Yeah. You're like, you're not even that important. None of this matters that much.


You've made this something that's Not, and in fact, they did need to check with Jimmy. You were spot on. Wow. Is it all right? Because we think she's pretty good. And then This crazy thing happens in the table. Read The table, read For Friends. Did it Where he suggests you. No, not the table. Read one of the rehearsals for the pilot. For the pilot where Rachel is about to cut up credit cards and we're all sitting around the kitchen table and he thinks, oh, you know, it'll be fun. At least get under the table. What? Oh God. What do you mean? Let's sit under the table. And I'm climbing down. I'm just like shoving myself under the kitchen table. And I said, I can't see anybody. He's like, yeah, but it's funny.


That's all right. Oh boy. And when I heard you retell this before, you are feeling right. 'cause I don't belong here. Yeah. You don't think I belong here. And now you're physically Removing Me, putting me where it's now visually obvious I don't belong here. Right. Yeah. It was like a very triggering Well, yeah. Confirmation that he hated Her. It was just, oh my God, he doesn't Want this to work. He doesn't want me in the scenes. Because one of the issues with the character, it's like, how do we let the audience know why they're friends with her? Right. Right, right. Because she's so different. Yeah. And I went, I don't know that this helps with that. So we do the run through and David Crane, who's so nice, he's like, okay, that was good, Lisa.


It's funny that you're under the table. I don't know that that works. And I'm thinking he thinks this was my idea. Right? Oh no. Yeah. No. He thinks it's my idea On top of it not working. It was my bad idea. And Now, oh, this is so stressful. They won't be able to trust any of my instincts. Yeah. Yeah. And then Jimmy says, no, no. That was my idea. Okay. Thank God. Right. I went, oh, thank you, thank you, thank you. He's like, we were just trying it. This is a turning point Though. She doesn't have to do it. Yeah. In his book, he wrote like she needed to trust me. Oh. So I needed to show her like it was all calculated. I don't think the whole thing. What do I know? Okay.


And know anything. Didn't know I was the only one auditioning for him. Hell do I know. I thought a ghost from the past came to tell me to be an actress. For people who don't know, Jimmy Burrows is, by all accounts, the very most successful director to ever be in television by a landslide. Every show you ever loved, he directed either the pilot or the whole thing. And still it's impossible. Yeah. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


Are You struggling to close deals? Cold outreach is wasting the time of both the buyer and seller at every stage, especially when sellers are using shallow and outdated data. Your organization can overcome these challenges with technology That translates comprehensive. How quality buyer data into real, real-time insights. These deeper insights empower sales reps and teams to adopt the habits of top performers, which leads to better outcomes, like more pipeline, higher win rates, and larger deals. We call this Deep Sales. And we've built the first deep sales platform with the next generation of LinkedIn sales navigator. Right now you can try LinkedIn Sales Navigator and get a 60 day free trial at linkedin.com/trial. That's linkedin.com/trial. For a 60 day free trial, let LinkedIn Sales Navigator help you sell like a superstar today. Just go to linkedin.com/trial and get started.


Think scaling AI is hard. Think again. With Watsonx, you can deploy AI across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem. So designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watsonx works anywhere. So you can scale AI everywhere. Learn more at ibm.com/watsonx. IBM, let's create.


Thumbtack presents the ins and outs of caring for your home, out procrastination, putting it off, kicking the can down the road in plans and guides that make it easy to get home projects done out. Carpet in the bathroom. Like why? In knowing what to do, when to do it, and who to hire. Start caring for your home with confidence. Download Thumbtack today.


When you're not pleasing this person, it couldn't get worse. That's right. You've gotta trust that he's right. But he'll be the first to say it's just a pitch. 50% of them don't work. Yeah. Right, right, right. Wow. So that was a turning point. And then things got better and as you said, you grew to absolutely love him, right? Well Yeah. Then he was so fantastic. 'cause I did this show The Comeback and asked him to be Jimmy, the director. 'cause it was him. Yeah. Yeah. To act. And he did it. Had He ever, and he was fantastic, I think. No. Oh wow. Wow. He was himself. Yeah. That's it.


Great. Now let me ask you this, because you do it so gracefully and it appears to me that you don't ever mind it, but it occurred to me, there are things that I got sick of talking about. What is just your overall feeling about talking about friends? It's a blessing. Was there ever a period where you're like, please shut up about friends? No, because I'm too grateful. Well, that's nice though. I should have been grateful for all the things, but sometimes it took me a while to be grateful. That's all right. Okay. You forgive me. Well, I hope you do. Are you gonna fire me from the table room? But As part of that, because the experience itself was so fulfilling. Yeah, It was great. We really did get along. It's that thing that you were talking about at Groundlings and it's rare where you can read when people are having fun.


That show is so special in that way. We also worked hard at being friends. That six way relationship took some work and we did it. What Did that look like? Just like going out for dinners and stuff. Or being social, Really talking things through. If someone said something or did something, it didn't get too big because it was Can I talk to you usually not me. 'cause I had to learn to be Can I talk to you about something? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Because I never knew that was allowed, but I saw it modeled really well by Courtney and Jennifer and Matt. Yeah. Communication like rule number one in any relationship. Yeah. And respectful communication. So knowing you were entering the situation where this guy was gonna direct you who had fired you recently, what was your confidence level going into that?


Cautious. Now This, maybe he's a rude question, but was it at all on your mind that you were the oldest member of that group? Yeah. By a year. I know, but in your twenties that feels like something, Right? Well, I was 30. Right? Right. 30 or 31. 31. Like panic on your face. Like I was 30 and a half. Okay. Okay. Wow. 30 and a half, right? Yeah. Oh, well I can tell you I do math very Well. Yeah. No, I was, because I was 94. Yeah. 94. May 94. July is my birthday. So I wasn't 31. I was 30. Yeah, you were 30. Oh my God. It's this kind of detail that is fascinating. Now. It means nothing. But when you're 30 and this is your big shot and you've been chipping away and it's hard and you got fired before, the stakes feel so fucking high.


You don't know at that point you're gonna follow Seinfeld. Do you? Or do you like, do you know this thing's gonna be given the best shot imaginable? No. Shooting the pilot. Yeah, of course. They hadn't even picked it up. Yeah, No, that makes no sense. They hadn't picked it up. By the way, here's what a bad judge of, is a show gonna be successful or not? I was like, it's cute, Right? I mean, it's not Seinfeld. It's sort of groundbreaking comedy. I'm just glad it's on NBC because I've got a recurring role on Mad About You. I gotta protect that. Yeah. And you were playing your own twin. I didn't know that until today. That's Because when they put us on, they put us on right after. Mad about You. It ended up being such a great crossover though. Okay, good. We have kept it from you.


I know. Until this moment, I don't think we should go. And you've done a great job. Thank you. If Monica has a religion, it is friends. Oh, she talks about it every fucking episode. Even Yesterday I was thinking, I was like, are we gonna even talk about it? Oh my God. What do you wanna say? I don't know what to say because I don't think there's any way for me to really tell you how important it was to me. I mean, we have a stanzi in there of Matt Damon and me. It's Matt Damon and friends. It was Goodwill Hunting and Friends. That changed my whole, whole life. Oh, I had every episode VHS taped. I myself, VHS taped. I had a color coded system. I had 31 tapes. Oh my God. The night of the finale, I had a AP test the next morning.


Couldn't care less about the AP test was up, was until like 3:00 AM watching the Letterman or whatever you guys did that night. And rewinding. Oh my God. No. It was like a once in a huge, who knew there'd be an internet and then you can think about it and it would present itself to again. Exactly. You couldn't miss it. You Could not miss It. Pen. The must see tv. If you really, If you didn't see it, you're fucked. There's never gonna be something like that again. You're Absolutely fucked. Your life's over if your fucking timer around your VHS didn't go off as planned. Oh God. Oh my God. Yes. What a, That was Sopranos for me. So Special. And it was funny. These people were really funny In anticipation of you coming. I was trying to isolate why I didn't give that show a chance.


I simply didn't give that show a chance. Yeah. And I imagine it's 'cause I was in my twenties trying to be an actor and something about that is something maybe I wanted and I, I don't know. I I have no explanation for why Can I offer something. Yeah. That would've been me had I not been on the show. Yeah. Well if absolutely everybody loves it, it might not be for me. Thank you. You think you're different. I've got a different sense of humor. A thousand percent. That's interesting. There's first, why didn't I give it a shot? But then once it was off to the races, I could never join on late. I was too punk rock in my own mind. Yeah. I was in middle school and I was trying very hard to be like everyone. Right.


Everyone was watching friends. And I think it was like, I like this thing that everybody else likes. I'm like everybody else. And I'm also gonna like it times like the most chill. I'm gonna like it the most. I'm gonna know everything about it. I'm gonna be perfect at liking this. Which I did do. It's so true. I had the luxury of, I looked like everybody. So all I wanted to do is be different. Yeah. And I, And Monica was different. And all you wanted to be is like everyone else. Oh right. So I was like, anything anyone was doing, I was out. I still have to tell myself, you are acting like you're 12 years old right now and it's okay to like something everyone likes. Yeah. I only watched Everybody Loves Raymond during Covid. There you go. And then I watched Big Bang Theory and went, oh my God, that Sheldon's the best character I've ever seen in my whole life.


Right, Right. There's a thing about being in the cool club that gets in your way. I don't know if it was the cool club when I was on friends, I wasn't watching anything. I was working and I was the only one to get married and have a kid. Yeah. Season three you had a child. Yeah. Was it? Yeah. We'd get together and watch the episodes and stuff. And then like what you were saying about you have a kid and everything shifts. Everything drops about 10 pegs on the list of priorities. 'cause it's that transition also into being a parent. I don't transition well. So it takes up a lot of my attention. And then also, that was around the same time I started getting cast in movies while I'm doing friends.


And I'm a mother for the first time. Who, and it was just a little too much. That's a lot. Yeah. So I wasn't watching anything. I was done with the what's groundbreaking comedy. And the other big shift for me was after nine 11 I'd be driving back from Warner Brothers. Oh that was, yeah. We were at Warner Brothers and people used to stop at a stoplight and go, ah, hey, you know, look at you. Look At you up in the mirror. It's you. And after nine 11, I don't know why this always makes me wanna cry too. They'd pull up and I'd look over and they're looking at me and they weren't like, ah, they just mouthed.


Thank you. Yeah. Oh wow. Like very somberly. And that's when it really sunk in. I couldn't watch CNN anymore. 'cause all it was was who died. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Who was in New York, who was near the towers? Who was in the towers. Everyone knew someone in the towers. And I had this weird dissociated event. I was watching Will and Grace and I went, oh yeah. Oh thank God. I went, oh wait, but it's in New York. Oh God. Who did they know in the towers? And then went, oh no, no, I'm in tv. I know they shot this before nine 11, so it hasn't happened yet And it's Safe. And then I went, no, this isn't real.


It will have never happened here. Yeah, yeah. Right. Yeah. And it was like, oh thank God. Thank God an escape there. I can escape somewhere. That didn't happen. And that's when any kind of comedy snobbery, any of that melted away forever. Because entertainment is important and it's providing a huge mental health service. And it is important. I agree in having done some things that weren't my comedic tone and to see how appreciated there are by people and recognizing like, oh no, everyone's entitled to laugh. Everyone deserves a laugh. There's no hierarchy. There's no great comedy and bad comedy If you make people laugh.


That's it. And also, why did I wanna do this anyway? For me? No. 'cause when people are laughing and enjoying themselves, it's something you're doing. That's what the thrill is. Sorry, keep going. Like trauma style. But additionally for me is that's when I'm safe. If all the men in the room are laughing at me, no one wants to fight. No one's hitting anybody. We're at peak safety when everyone's laughing. That's the personal level too, right? For Me. Probably is hard to see it as a gift, but I think it's really hard to understand the integration your stuff has in people's life. It's too abstract. I don't even know that it's even healthy to know it.


But to be given that moment at the light that weirdly is kind of helpful in computing what it really means. Yeah. You're not at work feeling special. You are like, oh, let's go out and save the world tonight. No, but we were always aware there's the task at hand. We got sort of over publicized. What is overexposed? Yeah. Saturated. I couldn't Think of overexposed. Yeah, That's all right. You got there that a pretty Quickly, Actually, you're being a little hard on yourself. It took about one second for you to, it Shoulda have Taken Fraction. You know what it is, is I think your obligation is you do want to honor those people and part of how you honor them is accept what they're telling you. Yes. Also, we were overexposed.


Everyone was excited at the network, at the studio. We were on every talk show. And so then it just became the joke. Matthew Perry was the first one who said like, we feel like we need to get the word out that we're on. Yeah. Which was insane. Right? And so then we were asked to do some commercial or something else and we just went, we're so overexposed and how are we going to fix this? And then it was, we don't need to fix it. They're still watching the show. We just need to focus on the task at hand, which is doing this show and doing it the best we can. And the writers and producers feel the same way. And there were conversations just about, I don't know, is this getting a little too weird?


You know, like with the writing, but everyone just got refocused on Make it good. Yeah. One, don't Forget what this is all about. Being great at that taping. Let me just scan here. Okay. I'm getting shaky. It's too much energy. I'm talking too much. No, I'm like convulsing. Is It the Nicotine? No, she hasn't had nearly enough is my argument. Yeah. You need to steady yourself. No, she knows. Well, I can't chew two pieces of once talk. Yeah, You can look at, do whatever we edit. Okay. Come on. Now What? I'm gonna be really, while you reload, I'm gonna go. Is that okay? Yeah. Potty right there. You Wanna get out Here? I wanna pee at some point. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Take No, go ahead. Go together.


You saw we Can go together. That would be so weird. We didn't have a door on that for many, many, many years. Just wide open. So you got the door. Why Do I feel like I was here before? You've never done it. Were you inside to our chagrin? No. The guy who used to live here was a big Scientologist and He had a podcast. No, his daughter lived up Here. Not that we know. And she had a podcast. Yeah, she did. She had a cat podcast. I'm Just remembering doing a podcast and it was, yeah, you can use the bathroom and it's like this is a curtain. You Use deja vu. Oh, ours wasn't a curtain. It had nothing. A precognition. That's right. Of post cognit. Like your cosmic voice that told you I Feel like an idiot.


No. What do you mean? I Do believe sometimes things just, we believe them. Make themselves known to you. Obviously you resisted it for so long and this is your life. It's not a weird thing to think. It's added up to being Exactly That. I mean, having you had things happen that course you can't explain. And come on. That's when we talk about the sim. I think that all the time. Even this You wanna go for real? Yeah. Go to the bathroom. God, it's too much. I'll, I'll Tuck you back in. Oh. Oh. But this has to come off. Yeah, You'll take that guy off. Oh my God. I'm outta my mind. He just talking For me. Are you an introvert or an extrovert so much? No, you're not kidding. No kidding. You're not kidding enough talking enough. Kidding. Why do these pants Get your head straight in there and come out and talk more?


Oh my God, that was so long. How much pee Did it overflow from the toilet? Sometimes I Wonder if it'll, do you Ever sometimes, especially doing this, I rarely, like that's actually a sign to you that I feel comfortable around you. Oh is generally I'll sit here and be miserable and then the guest leaves and I've peed for three minutes where I'm like, oh my God, I cannot believe this. Was it That like five or 10? It wasn't. That was under 16. It wasn't. Couldn't it be funny if I thought, I think that was about 10 minutes. I would be a little nervous Mixed with the shakiness. We might need to get you to your brother. Oh my God. Yeah. Can I just call your brother really quick?


Neurologist brother pet. That's so cool that he followed in the family footsteps and became a neurologist. That's very fancy's. Super smart. Smart's. Like Voser smart. It's just like Voser. You must have gone to Vosser. Everyone at Vassar. When I was there, I was like, yeah, I didn't get into Yale. I have just a few more questions. Oh no, sorry about this. And then we're moving on to your new show. Oh, bear with me. I was Like, I wonder if maybe we Don't. No. We're gonna talk about, ever talk about that because No, actually. 'cause I lo I, this is just Chitchat It. Genuine. Fantastic. Genuine. We like to Chitchat. One question is, there are some people that get famous and they had some training, they have some experience being the most popular person in school.


And then there's introverts that get famous. And I think it's a little bit different of an experience. There's no prior experience where it's like, yeah, everywhere I go, everyone wants say hi to me. It's very foreign. Interesting. Let's take Matthew McConaughey, who I love. He's so comfortable being famous, but guess what, he has been famous since he was born. He was little. Mr. Texas. We found out. Yeah. Really? And every girl liked him in school. He had a lot of training. Okay. To be kind of adored and People are looking at him all the Way. Yeah. He's hot shit. So by the time it happens, he's kind of had some practice. And then Jake, other people that were like, I'm hesitant to say this, but I'll give the example of Edward Norton. He was a fucking genius. Bookworm.


And now he's the most popular guy in the world. It's a much different new experience, I think for some people than others. How did that transition for you feel when all of a sudden you were like one of the six most popular people in America Globally? Was there like dissonance and disconnect from it? Yeah. It's everything. That was the beginning of online chat stuff. Oh right. And I could actually go on a computer and read what people are saying. Yeah. And how they're criticizing. Well two of the three girls are cute. You know like a lot of that stuff too. And went, oh okay, this won't help me. Yeah. Be good on the show. I just immediately stopped.


You were Smart enough to know I'm not looking at that. Because there were some good things too that I didn't necessarily agree with. Right. Just rationally thought none of this needs to be taken to heart or too seriously. Very nice. When people appreciate what I do, not everyone will. Okay. That was pretty intact. Yeah. It takes some people decades to or never come to that. Oh yeah. Or never. I do not need to know what people think. N aa, we say what people think of you as none of your business. That's such a great saying. I mean it's Kind of true. It's none of my business. But what I have found is it depends on, mood isn't even the right word.


It's like a frame of mind. And I couldn't even define what that frame of mind is. But I can watch the same thing and think that was funny. Oh good. And then another day, the same thing and say, why did I think that was good? How have you been getting away Fraud With doing this for so long? Oh my God. Yeah. Right. It's exact same footage. Watch. Yeah. Again, has nothing to do with what you've done. It's everything to do with what you Feel. Well also, if I'm doing a character and I see a glimpse of me and mostly there's a lot of me and everything I do. Yeah. But I can tell the difference.


If I watch The Comeback, I have no problem watching that. That's a different human being from me. I'm proud of it. It's all good friends. Sometimes like Uhoh, you just did a voice basically. That wasn't acting, that wasn't anything. It was just like me. I don't know what what. And then I don't wanna shit on it because people like it. And I'm not saying you're an idiot for liking it or anything. It's just for me, it's what I tried to do is out of respect. Not even just for me, but for people who do like that. Honoring the whole thing. Okay. So can you forgive yourself? You didn't think you were so great.


Oh my God. At the acting. It was good enough for a lot of people. And couldn't you just do that? Can you forgive yourself? Is like, And then the answer is, well of course I can't. It's so hard though to forgive yourself, isn't it? But Don't you forgive everyone. I mean, performance wise, someone will have just a moment in a performance and I'll go, oh well I forgive it. 'cause the rest of it is so great. Oh my God. Yep. I am ultra aware of those things. The big thing for me now is I don't even know if I should say it out loud. Of course you Should. Can I forgive myself for not having some work done on that face? Can I forgive myself for getting older?


Oh Wow. And not doing something about it. Wow. Because I watch, I'm like, they've got a jawline. Am I supposed to have a jawline? Did I do this wrong? Like even into my sixties, that thing that comes up is wait, should I, am I supposed to? Right. Are you allowed? Is everyone but me doing this? Right. That's the thought I have. Everyone but me seems to be doing this. Yeah. So yeah. Yeah, yeah. Am I I allowed? Should I? Am I allowed not to? Or is it gonna be so offputting? It's gonna affect people's experience. Right. Interesting. Watching me. I'm trying to be practical about it. 'cause clearly I haven't. Oh my God. Here we go. Think you look exquisite. You look exquisite. You do.


Again, call your husband. Let's go to the bathroom. Meet me in the Bathroom. Well, well he won't. Lemme do anything. He likes your face. F your face. He won't let me. It's so crazy how we see ourselves and how other people see us. Because obviously we look at you and I'm with your husband. I'm like, don't mess with it. It's great. But I also, I look in the mirror and I'm like, okay, I did. I got chin filler. You start looking and you're like, okay, I think I can start. Just Rearrange this A little bit Last A tiny bit. And then you do it and you're like, I like it. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well I did get Botox. Yeah, Sure. That's at age. Okay. I at 60 For the first time I went to the doctor. He is like, wait a minute. I've never checked the box for first time in la. You're unique.


And then I hear unique is a euphemism for idiot. Okay, Sure. But I really relate to like this bizarre zone your brain goes into where you go in some weird way, am I not being professional? Yes. I signed up to be a fucking actor. Right. I gotta be pleasing to people to look at. Do I Have an, that's part of my job Obligation. Yeah. Why am I acting like that's not part of my job? That I'm above this? And I look at peers and I go, yeah, they're doing what you're supposed to do. It's a very entangled experience. Well, Another part of me wants people to then just get used to me older. Of course. That's All. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was gonna say, do you have pride on the other end of it is pride.


Like, I haven't done anything guys. That's cool. It's not Pride Walking through this it, it's Not because I don't judge anyone for doing it. I get it. And a lot of people look fantastic. Sure. But I also am afraid that if it doesn't heal Right. Yeah. Yeah. It's scary. I look older and alter And not like you. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Older and fucked up. I think it's more complicated than people give it credit. They're just evaluating it in terms of vanity, which is fair. Some of it's vanity. But some of it's also like, you know, you do certain things. If you're a pilot, you get lasik. There's things that people do that's true. And you have this occupation. Your face is the job. But what's the obligation for people to see us as young?


Why is that Young. It's maintained interesting because once there's work that is not trying to make you look 20 AI can do that for me. True. But it's just making you look, looked after, cared for, pruned, kept up. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Complicated. I've got complicated. Some stuff in my fridge. Let's play with some injections before you go. Yeah. Injections are The safest thing to do. Tattoo, I'm gonna give you some injections and then give you a tattoo. I think The surgery. Thank you. Your husband says that was the podcast. You go, I don't know what happened. I dunno what happened. I'm a new person. He's like, what's going on with your jaw? It felt like it was okay for some reason. And so I think it's his height. I just trusted him.


I have no other explanation that he's Tall. He's very commanding. Okay. Another question I had is, when it became so publicized how much money you guys were making, did you witness any impact on your interpersonal relationships and that being so public, was there a fallout from that? So again, I think that's another one that's like, it's probably more complicated than people would fantasize about Family and friends. No, I think it was always, if you're gonna be an actor, the hope is that you make enough To not do another job. And This was like, the show's really good and you're good, but this is winning a lottery.


That's how it was sort of looked at. But you mean like asking for money and doing stuff? If it did, I'm not remembering. Yeah. That wasn't a big Thing. Or that what's not registering to me. The only there were, I don't remember what I was even going to say. Okay. 'cause I thought of one thing and then another thing knocked it out and then, but there was something Damn. Maybe on your next trip. Okay. Year. I know what it was. Okay. The thing is, I think for all of us, and especially at that time, right? It's like 20 years ago, that's when it was money being the Last two years. Yeah. Publicized. Yeah. That it's, oh, I don't want people to know that. And for me, the biggest impact was at my son's schools as he was getting older, our society was moving into what's privilege class?


Where the other people in his school had assumptions about his family lifestyle. Yeah. Based on what's been known. Public knowledge. Yeah. You guys fly private Topen on Christmas and that's that. Not once, but Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And also what they didn't know was that some of their other classmates families We're billionaires. Billionaires. Yeah. Right, right. Yeah. But it's not known. My son's getting a lot of shit for being privileged. And then it was, Hey, cool. I thought you'd get a new car. You got the old soccer mom car. Yeah. I wonder If you felt a discernible lack of compassion towards you at any point.


'cause you were just known to have all this money. Who the fuck's gonna ever feel bad for you again? Because you have all this money. Sure. And I mean, I don't need anyone feeling bad for me. Right. Let's say that. Well, I like compassion. Okay. Yeah. When I'm going through. When you deserve it. A hard time. The people that I've loved and been there for, I would want them to be there for me. You're a person. Yes. Oh, I know what you're saying. Sometimes there's been hints of, you know, if there's a stressful time around something personal, sometimes I feel that whisper of, Well, but also you're rich. You can afford to do this. Buy your Way out this problem. Yeah. Yeah. I know. To buy your way outta this emotional Problem, this problem with your husband. If you thought about giving him a couple million dollars, even if that makes it go away.


And then it's just, of course, that's what's plaguing you right now. Maybe I need to have a little more empathy about that. But the only time ever I did a, who do you think you are? 'cause I produced the show and I was the first one to shoot it. And I'm in Belarus and learning about how my family was killed by death squads during the Holocaust. Your dad's grandmother, your great-great grandmother. Yes. Great-grandmother. And kids. And family and whole town. And so I'm learning about that. And I'm talking to this old woman who had been there. She's not Jewish, that's why she survived. And I'm just surrounded by this whole darkness of it and getting slightly angry. So this woman in between shooting in Russian, and she just said, you're from America.


Yeah. You have nice teeth. Oh boy. And I went, yeah. She didn't have any teeth at all in her head. I said, yeah. And she said, you're rich. Oh boy. And I said, yes, yes I am. And I was. So It's kind of undeniable. Yes, I am. Yeah. Yeah. I'm so proud of that. At this moment. Yes. Because all these people were murdered. And then my grandmother, they came over, they had nothing. You're still here. Nothing. Here you are and you're rich. And that. Yes. Yes. It was the only time in my life Yes. That I felt like, yes. Yeah. I'm rich. Yes. I Love that. A thousand percent. I went to Dau with my mother when I was 16.


We toured Dau. And I really recommend everyone have that experience because talk about the stuff we can't figure out or we don't understand really what's going on. To stand someplace where it is still so physically accessible that the weight is so palpable is fucking weird. I've never had an experience anywhere else in my life. Like it Were after an hour there, you're like, oh my God, I gotta get the fuck outta here. I've never been. I don't know if I could handle it. Yeah. And I could barely handle that. But I was really surprised by my reaction to being around someone who survived it. Then later came back and placed a monument where the mass grave was.


I was standing there and thinking, God, all these people were killed. And then there were the people who were shooting who have to have had moments. Oh yeah. Later on where they went, what did I do? Yeah. I'm sure a lot of them just went Jews. They had it coming, but how many lives were ruined on all sides? It's convenient to think of that group of people. Some other group of people that were evil and stuff. There were normal people that were in a system and they played their role. And yeah, I imagine, of course there's some monsters that were like, we didn't get enough. And then I think more often people were like, now there's a new reality and now I see it and what the fuck happened.


Yeah. And I was under the spell of this. Even if we're like five minutes, when that veil is lifted, it's torture. And then they can go back and tell themselves the same story to get through it. And these weren't Nazis either necess necessarily. A lot of times it was local police. Yeah. Who were happy to help. Anyway, sorry, we just got There. Easy. My Question made a dinner party. No. Isn't it funny? We like this. That's what we'd like to do. Yeah. It's almost sadistic. But we like this part. It's my last, it's kind of related. I only bring it up because I wasn't on a cultural phenom, but I was on parenthood for six years. Yeah. And I fucking love those people so much. And I hadn't seen the show, I guess in eight years or whatever it was.


And my daughters, I don't know if they wanted to see it or I suggested it, but we watched it on a vacation last year from the second it started the title sequence. I started crying and it was the most cathartic. Wonderful. I got to experience it in a way I almost couldn't when I was doing it. I've heard you say a couple times that you were unable to watch friends. Yeah. To watch myself. Well, but I really liked this. I have a bit of the same fear, which is like, I mostly just don't want to get caught watching myself. Well, there's that too. Yeah. That's, There's an element of hell. It's So you humili, so you didn't watch it? I didn't. First couple seasons we'd go to Courtney's and watch it every Wednesday, every Thursday night.


I almost said the wrong night. Yeah. Must see. Must see. Wednesdays making up a word. It's like it's every week, every, I don't know. Just make couple words. Every Saturday morning we get together Is a Day. Watch the show every Saturday morning. Yeah. For example, every Wednesday, whatever was on, I don't know, whatever. No. Thursday night, we'd watch it every week. And then too busy. And I was pregnant. I don't know. I just stopped watching. And there are episodes I've never seen. Wow. And it's almost impossible to avoid if any show is on at all times of the day. Oh my gosh. In fact, one of the only fights I ever got in when I was still dating Kristen, we didn't live together yet. I went to her house, and this is back when A DVR only had like 20 hours of storage. And I like go to watch some show we had, and she had all these roommates and someone had recorded and put a season's pass on friends.


And I'm yelling in the house. I'm like, whoever, put this on the DV R. You don't need to just turn the TV on. It's on. You don't need to record it. It's literally on all day. No, you need to record it. I know. Then Amy Hansen, our sweetest friend, came around the car. She goes, A true angel. An Angel. She goes, I'm sorry. And I go, you are doing it. You should definitely keep recording. I felt so terrible. Yeah. That's the worst thing You've ever, But that. But anyways, you can't even avoid that. You can't go channel surfing and not see it. That's, it's so comforting. That's right. Yeah. But you started watching it again. Well, when Matthew passed away, I started watching. I mean, there were marathons and was part of the process for me.


And boy, I really appreciated it. And how fun. Well, I knew he was funny. Always. Anyway. Never. Yeah. Conna knows the most. Well, Humiliated him If there no other reason than to torture comedy. Right. But he just was so funny and, and I'm like, God, LeBlanc is hilarious. Oh, Jennifer, my God. That's so good. Yeah. Come on, Courtney. How are you? Never nominated for an Emmy h. Insane and Schwimmer. Yes. Oh my God. Come on. It was just this whole appreciation. I went, I gotta watch all of 'em. Yeah. Did you cry when you were watching it? I cried when there was a marathon on and I caught, I mean, I'm not watching it like on Max from season one.


I tried, I don't know if I can do season one, but maybe season two or three that my husband, it's like, can we watch and watch it? I'm like, ha ha. Okay. And then something about me was like, I can't, You feel like it's too self-indulgent. Yeah. But I feel like I need to watch all of them. So anyway, the episode where Phoebe got married Aw. Is on and I'm watching it and I got so caught up that I cried watching her 'cause she looked so happy. Yeah. She was so, she Had such a real smile. She was just, I've never seen Phoebe that happy. Mm. You could remove yourself. It's she. Yeah, For sure. She, it's for, She sells seashells by the She shore.


Can't speak. Who wouldn't be happy marrying Paul Rudd? Well, and then there's that. But it really touched me. I was so happy for her. I'm glad you got that moment. That's what everyone felt. That whole series. It was like, we know. But cry, love. She got married. I cried. Oh, you did so Much. So much. Yeah. I was like, I know them. They're my friends. They're saving me from feeling lonely. That one glimpse you got is what people had for 10 years. Yeah. So lucky for us and grateful to you guys. Yeah. For that. So I knew him through sobriety. That's where I start chewing my gum. Yeah. Yeah. This Is gum is where I need my nicotine. Yeah. Yeah. Look, what does addicts put? Everyone that love us through is rough.


Yeah. If I were you, I would want to see the version like, let's put it this way and I can compare. I think it's a good comparison. Cancer. So my father, he had a lot of health issues towards the end and there's a whole decade of his life. He was really on the decline. When I have dreams about him, I have dreams about him in his like forties. I wanna see his vibrant veal self. And I miss it so much. And I guess I think if I loved an addict and I had to see the whole thing, I would be grateful to get to go back and see it before it had like taken its toll. Right? I, this will sound odd, am more comforted that he was happy the day he died.


He got to die happy. And to me that was a gift. It could have gone a much different way. Yeah. I think people, they have a category addict. It's really incomplete. It's a spectrum. I've loved people in the program that I could recognize. Whew. They got it worse than me. And I've had friends in AA where I would say, yeah, the weight of the world is heavier on your shoulders than it is on mine. And it's pretty heavy on mine. And I can see it and feel it. And it's heartbreaking. And I don't envy you. And I have a lot of compassion. 'cause you really are dealing with more than I am. And I can feel it. I'm sad for that. Yeah. It is complicated. It's so complicated. You know's. Yeah. But I loved that Matthew I first met and the one at the end.


'cause God love him. You love him. This is you and I love you. Yeah. I accept that this is you. Yeah, I understand. And so did he. I didn't even watch the show, but I got to be around him a lot. And he has a lot of quotes I keep with me. One of them is I've spent my whole life making everyone like me. I haven't really asked myself what I like. Oh. He's like, oh, I can relate to that. Yes. I thought the sentence was gonna finish a different way. Oh you did? I've spent so much of my life making everybody around me like me And no time making myself like me. Yeah. Yeah. It's the same thing, really. Not asking yourself what you like is very similar to you. Haven't figured out what you like and you're not trying to make yourself like yourself. But it's not like, what do you like about yourself?


It's accept yourself, love yourself. That was, to me, the whole thing about fame isn't gonna give you that just 'cause everyone else is loving you. It weirdly compounds it and it makes you hopeless. 'cause the thing that was gonna make you love yourself didn't work. And now we're at options. It Exacerbates it. But the answer is simply, you're not only allowed to love yourself, you've got to, It's like Required. You must. Yeah. You're all you've got. Yeah. Ultimately, it's so nice that people love you, but it doesn't work If you don't love you. It can work temporarily for me. Right. Okay. Your show. No Good Deed. I'm not blowing Smoke up your ass.


It's fantastic. I'm gonna add the You've seen it? Yes. I watched today while I was working out. I watched three episodes. Can't wait. Oh, You are gonna fucking, I can't wait. Love it. Monica. Can't wait. Really? I'm so excited. Yes. Because it's very, and I don't know if you'll agree with this comparison. It's weirdly very murders in the building. Ooh. Oh, interesting. Wow. Exciting. It's great. So Liz Feldman and I were in the Sunday company together. Oh my God. It all goes back to the Groundling every time it circles Back, all roads lead back. Wow. Did she create it? She created it. She had also created Dead To Me. Oh. Which was Christina Applegate. Linda Cardini. Had you known her prior to this? No, I was just told.


So we have an offer for you to do this Netflix show. Interesting. Tell Me more. Interesting. It's limited series, which you can do. 'cause I was committed to something else at the time. I went, okay, it's Liz Feldman. Who did? I said Dead to Me. You knew? Yeah, I know. Well this sounds like a yes. Well let's tell you a little more. You'll be married to Ray Romano. Well, of course. Yes. Yeah. He's such a good actor. So again, back to Parenthood. That's where he did his first kind of dramatic. So good work. He was awesome. I got to direct him in a episode. I loved parenthood. Oh you did? I saw every one of 'em. Oh my goodness. Okay. Such yes. You were keeping that very Tight. I shoulda said that before. There a Moment. Well, there were a lot of moments.


Remember I told you I rewatched the whole thing and I cried and you go, oh yeah. It was really good. I was gonna, and then I forgot, remember how I kept saying there's something I wanna say and I can't remember what it Is. That's what it was. That you're a super fan of parenthood. But yeah, he was incredible on parenthood, right? Yes. Heartbreaking. In a way. He's so good. I'll add what a dude. He has no ego to walk into parenthood season. Whatever it was. Yes. That's fucking hard. You were on a show that had your name in the title, which Was your whole story. Yeah. And then you walk in and you're like 23rd on the call sheet this morning and you can't wait to act. Yes. Did you see that Netflix movie? Him and Mark Du PLAs, I can't remember was called was 'cause the name of it has nothing to do with what it was about.


Patton. Thank you. Patton Patton. Oh, maybe that was someone's name. But to me that has nothing to do with what it was about. And that was just world changing to me. He's incredible. He's almost a duval. Like he's just alive there. Yeah. And it's Real effortless. So I was thrilled. You have such rhythm. Oh good. Oh, big time. Yay. Bye. And you have a lot of heavy lifting. You should see the list. 'cause you don't get sent screeners and get told what's embargoed. But the list of things I can't say is comical. I've never seen a list so long. Oh, 'cause spoilers. Yeah. Yeah. But I think we can say from the get go, you and Ray Romano are married your empty nesters and you're gonna sell this terrific house.


It's a very LA story. 'cause this has happened to a lot of people where you accidentally end up with a house that's worth like $5 million and they're in this situation and they're gonna sell the house. And it's a great device. You meet all these characters that are coming into tour the house and they all want it. And by the way, the house is so great. Yeah. It made me want the house so bad. Me too. It's perfectly beautiful. That was a set on two stages. The first floor is on one stage. Ooh. Second floor is on another stage. But you have heavy lifting without giving Anything away. So you selling house, is that all we can say? And there's some secrets. Okay. Secret. There's a lot secrets. And there stuff's going on. It's my favorite kind of story. Or it's unraveling. You're just two people selling a house. You're having great.


And this weird thing happens and this happens and this happened. These people are weird. And all this stuff is getting kind of peeled back. And every episode you're like, oh, okay. But first and foremost, and this is the thing I was saying about you living in your house for so long, I can really relate to without knowing anything else. Just the notion of handing over this place that has given you almost all of your most beautiful memories is such a bizarre notion. When I think about our own house right now and like all the memories we're having with these little kids, it's a very weird thing to do. To me. The woman I'm playing has gotta be unstable because that's nothing like me. You could walk away from your house of 27 years right now and be fine. Yeah.


Wow. You're a psychopath. Okay. Not fine, but well, home are the people you're with. That's true. And you claim a space. So wherever we live next I'll claim it. It'll be ours. It's fine. Here's the weird thing that caught me by surprise. My brother and sister and I found out that our house that we grew up in, in Tarzana was for sale. And there was an open house. Oh. And let's just go. And the three of us went to the house and I thought, I can afford to buy it. I think should I just buy it? Yeah. I should of course buy it. I want it back. I think I should buy it. Yeah. Yeah. I must buy it. Do you buy It? No. Oh. Because at first it was like, I want it back. We were having so much fun. It's like, yes. Oh my God. And that's the same.


And remember we blank and we did that. And oh, remember the time I got thrown across the room and Yeah, it Just got really dark. The belt. This is where dad used to hang his belt. We were having the best time. But by the time we were sort of done touring it, You were over it. I was done. This is for someone else's memories. Also, what you think you're buying is a teleport device. Back to those fun memories. I discovered this in the weirdest way with Nintendo. So I had Nintendo in seventh grade. It's the only year I ever played video games. I had such a fun year with my friends playing these new video games. And then as an adult, eBay came around and I was like, oh, I could get a Nintendo in all those old games. And I ordered all the stuff and it came and I hooked it up to my tv.


I couldn't figure out why it wasn't giving me anything. And I realized it's not the game I missed. It's seventh grade I miss. It's like my friends and I doing the thing and I think I can get it back by having this object. It's what you cared about while you were playing that game. But truly, the show's fucking fantastic. That's Great. I don't have objectivity. I watched the first one and immediately forgot I was in it. And when I can't wait to see the next one. Oh. So that to me was a great sign. That's a huge Sign. Yeah. By the way, blew through your wife's show. Who didn't? Everyone did. Literally everyone. You know who mostly blew through it. Dads really isn't that inexplicable?


That's who we hear most from. That's fantastic. 'cause it's a romantic. Yeah. Comedy. It's kind of Encouraging. Oh, that is the best news I've ever heard. I mean, truly. Right. My husband loved it. Well there you, he said, can we watch more of that? Aw. He's like, yeah. Anyone good? Not what he sounds like. I don't know who I just did. Yeah. What does he sound like? He must be able to do a great impersonation Of him. No. Wouldn't mind watching more of that one. He's foreign. He's He's French. Oh My God. Yeah. Makes Does he make love to you? So good. Very Attractive. That is very attractive. My only, only regretted life sexually is that I didn't make love to a French woman. Okay. Because I have a whole, no, I think this is worth exploring.


Wow. The French women probably instruct. Oh, Okay. That's you. Someone's calling someone supposed, well, you're supposed to be somewhere else. Can't. Okay, listen. Two hours. Listen, I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. This was really too long. What Time is it? No, it's Fine. Okay. You sure? I don't think it's fine. It's My publicist. Of course. Have that go. Why haven't you left yet? It can't still be going on. We'll be the text on. You gotta go Wrap it up. Okay. Lisa, what a fucking joy. Yeah, our First, this was nice. Yeah, that's A big deal. Am I? Yeah. We had David Schwimmer and I'll tell you our funny joke. He had to cancel 'cause he had an ear infection and Robbie said he had Schwimmer's ear.


That's hilarious. It's a really good, so good. Yeah. Oh shoot. You got a respect effect. He's so great. But You are the, but like you're the best one. So we're glad to observe. I'm not. I'm not. Oh, I can't wait for you to meet everybody. But this was much a treat. It was. Thank you so much for spending so much time with us. Everyone watched No Good Deed. 12. 12, 24. I know. You don't care. Numerically what could be better? 12 plus 12 is 24. 24. 24. We like that. Okay. 48. Everyone watched. No. Good Deed. It's absolutely fantastic. Everyone's fantastic on it. And it's perfectly written. And the score is impeccable. 12. 1224. Thank you. Lisa Kudrow.


Thank you. He is an RP expert buddy. Makes mistakes all time. Thank God. Monica's here. She's facts. It's 1111. Oh, okay. Hold on. I really want to think on this. Do you, did you have one? Yeah. Oh wow. I want to know. So bad. Don't you wanna know? Yeah. But You're not allowed to know other people's wishes. No. That's a weird part of wish culture.


Yeah. Why is it that telling someone your wish would make it not come true? It's superstitious. I know. But why? I don't know. What's the logic behind it? Monica? Why do I take your shoes off? Trying something new. Do you do multiple wishes in in one minute or do you just do the one? You go Several. I do as many as I can. Oh my God, that's a great idea. I might switch to that. It's a little panicky. And do you, let me ask you this. Do you want to tell me your wish? Is that another part of it? Like, I want to know it. My hunch is you wanna tell me? No, not really. Oh, Okay. Great. They're pretty basic. Like my wishes are very similar to my prayers. Great hair.


Great skin. Can we pause for a second? There's a board issue. Oh, wonderful. It's not showing on the, What's a board issue? Little Bo. He's bored. He was telling us that he is bored. I said we need to topic it. He Should have a like some kind of, but where he's back there he is like bar. It's barring click. Does this mean we're recording or not? I'm Probably not audio. Oh, I hope so. 'cause 1111 really important. I Mean, I have the backup Recording. In theory she'll be working, but on the computer it's not registering for some reason. So Interesting. I feel like Rob, your wish should have been that there was no technical problems. Wouldn't it be such a sad wish for Rob?


We've all, It's just, it's one of us. We Were free to like, wanna ride a unicorn on a, that was Yours. Cap Mountain. And Rob's gonna be like, please no technical glitches. Well Mine, some of mine are Work related Often. Yeah. Yeah. Same. Aw, I guess you're right. Go ahead, Rob. Make your wishes about technical proficiency. It's VI don't know what that was, but It's weird. Okay. The Wish came true. I bet the computer made a wish on 1111, which is like, I wish I could stop computing. Oh, when its wish came true, then Rob was like, bullshit. His overrides the computer's voice. You don't get wishes you're a computer. What do you think the robot would wish for To be a boy?


Oh, That's, you know, that forgot. Yeah. That his wish is right on his sleeve. He wears his wish on his sleeve. Aww. He's so cute. How do you think he's, It's 11, 11. Time to make my wish. Once again, I wish I was a boy. I never tire of making his wish. Do you think he's feeling a little uncomf with Ai? Yes. And chat. GPT and like meta glasses. And I'm Excited for ai. They will be superior to me. I will seem so charming as if I'm a flawed human being.


Oh, that's very an and that's an interesting how full. Yeah. He's very optimistic. He is. He'll seem like a clumsy dumb dumb. Yeah. Which is very much what a boy is. Right. So very boy like. Okay. Yeah. I like that. How was your fitting? It was nice. It was, we're shooting a commercial tomorrow. Me And you. Yeah. It's very exciting. Costars. I know. It's very fun. It Is fun. We shot a commercial once before, together, a very long time ago for the city of Los Angeles. That is for California. Right? The State of California. Or the city of Los Angeles. I don't know. California tourism, I believe. Mm. And we were up at the observatory. Ding ding, ding. What? I was about to, I was gonna tell you what I just did this morning, but Oh, that'll put on pause.


Okay. What's your biggest memory from that California tourism shoot? We did together. Well, I was wearing like a really specific dress And Christian said, yeah, That's my number one membrane. So we work with a guy all the time. Yep. And he, he saw, he, he got sh He saw me in a new light. He saw you in a whole new light. He was so shook. It was hilarious. Well, understandably, because especially up until that point, I was a, a little assistant running around in sweatpants. I was gonna say you're in your panaya phase or just prior You were in, It was before Panaya.


Yeah. But it was like always bedtime look. Not really. I mean, when I would show up to the house, I'd look cute, but everyone saw me. You know, it's all very interesting. Actually. This is psychologically interesting. Go on. When I was an assistant, I liked fashion the same amount. That hasn't changed. Correct. But I think when I was an assistant, no one thought that, or or you know, they were just like, oh, she's just like a little girl and she gets groceries and she, No one thought you got groceries. She Chicken nuggets, Dino nuggets. Yeah. I'm gonna challenge that. Okay. From a guy's perspective. Yeah.


We don't have a status thing. Oh. If we see a hot woman, we don't, it's not like we're like, Ooh, she's the janitor. We don't think that way. We just go, Ooh. Hot. I don't even Interesting. Think about, I'm just like looking at them and I go Either Arga, No. Yep. Arru. No, don't do that. That's a cartoon noise from Bugs Bunny. It's okay. But do some people really do it? No. That's not even a cat call. Even the worst guy is not yelling out his window. Arga. Well, now there's other bats. Yeah. Someone yelled at me the other day and I was, it, it's awful. I wa I'm gonna, this is a brag. I, I did yell at two guys. I was at a, I was at a crosswalk and there were two dudes in a truck and this gal was at the corner and they started hosing and I got involved.


You did? Yeah. Yeah. What'd you say? I'm not gonna, I don't like when I show that side of myself, you've seen that side of me. Well, did you Say a slander? I was like, Hey, motherfuckers have some fucking, you know, respect some respect. Yeah. Have some manners. Shut the fuck. Like, I, you know, oh, I Like It. I kind of snap like get ahold of yourself. You're acting like a couple of fucking dogs. Wow. You're so mixed. Messies. Tell me more. But like, I'm a human being who's attracted to people. I know that. It's just what you do with that attraction. I know that, that's, I'm glad you said that. And that's why I've chosen ar arga because I feel like that is a playful cartoony. You're right. Way. I'm glad you did that. Now if I went, boy, that's rough.


That says, I have a bon the other one that says, I have an old timey horn somewhere on me. Okay. Right. Yeah. That's true. Rude, huh? Okay, now I like that you did that. Okay. I bet that woman felt protected and so that's nice. Yeah. I hope she did. Was it Kristen? No, no, no, no. I was exercising. Someone else was in exercise outfit. These two guys were letting it rip. I see. Really nice. I didn't Think that. Cool. That's really nice. But I'm making a decision in that moment. There's two guys. Yeah. They might hop out of the truck. So I gotta like, there's a lot of thin slicing going on. Right. I'm like, I gotta tell these guys to shut the fuck up. This is crazy. Yeah. There's two of 'em. They're a light, maybe they're gonna get out.


Okay. I guess I'm up for that. Yeah. And then I go, I'm up for that. That's the part I don't like. 'cause I don't want you to get injured. Right. But I also like that you protected. This is the problem with life in the world and the planet. Yeah. It's a messy fucking place. Contradicts your place Sometimes. Sometimes a bad decision is mildly better than the other thing. It's correcting. Yes. That's right. That's true. Yeah. One of the biggest memories I have in my life is Christian. Noticing. No, No. Giving an arru. It's also funny though, because I, I was wearing like a very sparkly dress. Yeah. Kind of like a ridiculous looking dress. Yeah. I didn't pick it.


And so for that to be the thing. Well, well, you can see this though. Yeah. Do you think your, your dress, and now it's changed yet again, but do you think your dress evolved from when we first met you's? What becausecause? I think it did. That's what, that's what I'm trying to say. I don't kn I mean, look, in some ways yes, because I have, my financial situation has changed, but the, I Think your confidence situation changed a bit too. Oh Sure. I think you felt more comfortable being who you are, what you have. Yeah. But then the more oversize I get, See now that's what I'm saying. Then it pivoted again. And now you're like, I don't In a sleeping bag.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah's so cute. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. But I just, I, I, I mean, he had never seen me in a dress. And then he'd also never seen me in full glam. That was also probably part of it. Yeah. I was in heels. It was a look. But that was a fun commercial. It's a by Storm. Yeah. That was funny. Okay. But I'm glad we had the same memory of it. I Only know only do because you, he said it to you. Of course. And then you of course repeat. You passed along the compliment. Always want you to know. Yeah. And I think you mentioned it a few times. And so that was my last, I really wanted to sink in. Yeah. I'm gonna add Christian's. A handsome man. Very, Yeah. Yes.


Very handsome man. Okay. But a memory I have, I was at a light, I think I've talked about this before, but I was at a light, it was red, it had a no turn on red sign. Right. And there was someone behind me and he was honking and I was not gonna move. Yeah. You won't be peer pressured. Yeah. But it was getting like aggressive. And then there was a man on the street. Yeah. And he like looked at the guy and was like, it's no, it's not. She can't Go. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And I loved it. Yeah. We have a diminished role in this world. But one of the roles is to keep the younger cuckoo or versions of ourselves in check out in public.


I think men, they wanna freak out in their house. Like, Tonka going nuts. But when you enter society, you gotta tighten it up. Yeah. I think that is a good thing for men to do for other men. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Now the reason I was just at the observatory. Oh, I'm trying, this is a new year's resolution that I started last week. Okay. I wanna be able to ride my bicycle. My cute road bike I told you about. That's green and yellow. A lot of people ask me to post pictures and I need to, so I did it for the first time, I guess four days ago on the break. I rode from here and my thought was, I'm gonna ride as far up the hill as I can get. And then You, you Hold on, Hold on. And then not up the hiking trail.


Oh, that's what I'm asking. Okay. Up Ferndale. Okay. You know, it twists all around. And then how you would drive to the observatory. Okay. Got It. And my hunch was like, when you leave the house, it's immediately incline up the side street and then up Ferndale before when you get to the stop sign, I'm like, I already know when you're hiking, you're winded by the time you get there. So I'm like, maybe I'll get to the stop sign, then maybe next time I'll get to the first turn and go and so on. So on. Well, on my trip last week, I got all the way to the final stretch, like maybe a block I did have to get off and walk the last like half block or block up to the very top.


Wow. My thighs were as dense as like a microwave. They were. So I've never, they've never been that inflated with blood God or whatever was going on. They were just so pumped up. Wow. So I did that. And then this morning I'm like, I I'm going to do it again. So I did it again this morning and I didn't have to walk. You did the whole Thing? Yeah. I was kind of shocked. Wow. With just one trip up. 'cause the first trip up was bonkers. Yeah. This trip up was good. It was a hard workout, but my legs didn't get like locked. Wow. And you think maybe you'll ride to the moon soon? I hope. Been no ride to the moon. Yeah. And by 2026.


That's So nice. He's How fun. The first person to climb Everest on a, on a bicycle. On a road bike. That's awesome. Yeah. Congratulations. Thank You. Oh, I brought it up, not just, I did bring it up to brag, but I also brought it up because the most insane thing was happening on the entire trip up this morning. It was an SNL sketch and it wouldn't fucking stop for 25 minutes. So I'm huffing up the hill. I'm in the highest gear. I'm like, and I, I have headphones in. I'm listening to stuff and I hear something just to the left of me a little bit. And I like look. And it's like, it's really close. And it's a dude with dreadlocks in a backpack and he is on an electric fucking scooter. And we're going roughly the same speed.


Sure. It's maddening being next to a dude on a scooter. He get, he goes ahead of me. Yeah. Now he's ahead of me. Then he gets to a stop sign. And I think he maybe had to put more money on the scooter. Okay. Because now he's got his phone out and I think he didn't have cell service. Whatever. I then pass him, I'm now riding, I forget about him. Yep. 12 minutes later. And here's something I look over. He is, I'm like, oh my fucking God. And I, and I don't have it in me to go faster. We, because he Wanted your alone space. I, it's, there's something that was so Invasive. Well, it was the awkwardness of it, but then it was also the humiliation of a guy in this little scooter passing me.


It's electric. I'm going like three miles an hour up this steep hill. It just was crazy. That's funny. Imagine you see a guy taking a nap, passing you on your hike. Like, it just felt like that. Like, well how is this guy and I doing the same thing? Yeah. We passed in I bet five times. Did he pass me right at He passed me at entering the parking lot to the observatory. He did win. Wow. Yeah. But what it was comical. This reminds me, fights, bikes running. Remember earlier this year my running situation with the dogs and the people And the people congregating and Yes. Now I drove by the other day.


Okay. Lemme see what I can find. Wow. There's gonna be photographic evidence. This was the area. Okay. There's now a sign up. Oh, that says no dog walking private property. Oh. Did you put that up? No, I didn't. But that would've been a good move. But also it goes to show You weren't the only person inconvenience by. Correct that. Yeah. Correct. I felt very validated by the sign. I bet vindicated they Were just there. That's not even their House. Oh my God. I didn't think ever that was their house.


Did you? I guess if I was being generous, I thought maybe one of them that was their area. Yeah. That was the thing that happened when we used to live on Los Felix Boulevard. I would come out and someone would just be having like a picnic on the front yard. They'd have a blanket out. They might be asleep. Sure. It's interesting. Stay tuned for more armchair expert If you dare.


Hi listeners. This episode is brought to you in part by Echo Kids. Echo Do Kids is a cute, smart speaker with Alexa made just for kids. Echo Do. Kids can help foster your children's independence by allowing them to learn and explore. Kids can express their unique personalities by customizing their device with fun greetings, jokes and character inspired songs. Plus, with features like math help and trivia quizzes, your kid will always be learning. You can have peace of mind. Knowing Echo Kids automatically gives kid friendly answers and filters out explicit music. Purchase of An Echo Kids comes with one year of Amazon Kids, plus a digital subscription designed for kids age three to 12 to learn, grow, and explore. Shop the device this holiday season at amazon.com/echo kids.


Okay. I do want, I have an update sort of. Okay. Not really. And I, I wasn't really gonna say this, but I am. A couple fact checks ago we talk about a dream I had. Oh, yes, yes, yes. About Cagers, cagers, JGs, Jg jg. Dream A Dream. Let's be, let's like, like, make it so clear that I was talking about a dream. That's Right. I got a very disgusting email from somebody also. Like, do not email me, Me, me Too. I, the less emails I get in general, the better. But this random person emailed me and said, I think you should read it.


The subject is, geez, do be an adult. Exclamation point. Exclamation point. Okay. The then it just says, Well really quick, just already I want to have a grievance. Yeah. This is the definition of being an adult. When you're a kid, you don't even think about this. This is, this is exclusively for adults. So just right there. Problem number one. Continue. Yeah. She said, she said, go to your doctor and convey, hold on. I know it's a woman. I know. Oh, and I I'm interrupting you too much. But you, you already have a look on your face, which I love when you're reading it, you're her. Yeah. Yeah. I said, so you're like this. Yeah. Okay. Go ahead. Okay. Go to your doctor and convey your concerns.


Instead of making your personal hygiene issues a problem for your audience, you never cease to amaze me. Exclamation point, exclamation, exclamation. You are such a constant child. Not, not go to a doctor because you know better MD after your name. God, but you're tedious. Okay. So none of that makes any sense. And it's really mean. It's not grammatically great. Yeah. But the other also MD after my name, what does that even mean? But Let's just, let's treat this as if it's a, a real piece of advice. I wanna give this person a, a day in court. So what she or, or he, she is requesting is that you go to your doctor and you say, I had a dream. My vagina smelled.


He's gonna go, go see a psychologist. Why aren't you here? Does your vagina smell? I don't think so. I had a nightmare that it did. And, and the love of my life was put off by it. Yeah. It's a, it's a dream about Is that's what she wants you to do, is go to the doctor and tell 'em you had a dream about your vagina, I Guess. And I, I'm gonna start going to doctors to tell them about my dreams. Yeah. I mean, I'm so tedious. Yeah. Also, why do you, why do you listen, go away. Well, no, I, I a hundred percent stand by that. I know you do. If you're the type of person who's gonna send an email like that, I prefer you Do not listen to this show or me or eng engage with me ever again.


I underst understand You actually don't have permission. I understand. I have a different take. Go ahead. Yeah. Which is like people, I, I'm one of them. I used to kind of hate listen to Rush Limbaugh. Okay. People hate listening to Howard Stern. Like they just, they wanted to hear what he said so they could be mad about it. And they could go to work and they could talk about what a misogynist piggy was. And it was like, it's, it was their hobby. Yeah. That's a be sad way To live. He still got those ratings. They still had to listen to his message. Some of it definitely sunk in. So I, I, I, I don't mind, I don't mind. Hmm. I, I don't mind if you're like, you're an incel listening. That's hating me.


That's great. Keep listening. Nah, No. And that's Good. That's fine. I understand you. I get, I get what you're saying. Okay. But I, and I get what you're saying, I No, no thanks. Yeah. You don't get to, or you, you do get to, 'cause it's a public show, so you can do whatever you want. But like the idea that you opened an email, I mean, I I didn't understand half of what that meant. So I think this person is unhinged. They're probably, yeah. They probably got a lot of stuff going on. Let's, Can you say that it was mean? Oh, Absolutely. Okay. Well, it's so ridiculous and silly and stupid. Like, it's mostly just embarrassing that email's so embarrassing. Right. If I sent that email to the host of a podcast and didn't want to accept, she was talking about a dream.


It's just, it's embarrassing. But Even not just the part about the go to the doctor. Like, you're tedious. You never cease to amaze me. You're a child. Well, again, that these are, that to me confirms. So she has a story about you, which was at the end of the email, her story about you is that you're tedious. And so anything you say is gonna be tedious. So the fact that you said you had a dream, that that has to be tedious. 'cause she, her story about you is that you're tedious. And, and so she's backed herself into this crazy corner or what's she's saying doesn't even make sense. Go see a doctor about your dream. It's so, I mean, it's such a stupid email. Yeah.


Yeah. It's, it's mean, but mostly it's stupid. Let's go into the psychology of it. Okay. This really doesn't work because I already, I think the story part is really relevant. But my hunch is she has something going on vaginally. Why is that such a hot, like why did that trigger her so much? Yeah. I think it triggered people. I, I got a few nice responses Yeah. That Were, I only read nice ones. Oh, that's nice. But I, I mean, I, like a person in my life reached out and said, oh, I use this. And I was like, it was a dream. Like I freaked out. And they were like, oh, sorry. Oh, but then I Know.


And I was like, no, no. I, I know. I, I'm sorry. I yeah. I was like, I got a bad email. And I guess I think everyone thinks that, and I wasn't. Yeah. I, I, I actually don't think that about myself. I could be wrong. Right. 'cause that's again, the fear. Yeah. But the, the dream was a fear about being unlovable. That's right. And unworthy. Exactly. Yes. Yes. And broken and gross. That's right. Fundamentally flawed. Like, okay, he passed, somehow I fooled him with this and I fooled him with this and I fooled. But eventually the truth will be discovered. And the last thing that he didn't have access to that he finally discovered was of course the deal breaker. Yeah. It makes a lot of sense. Yeah.


It's just a metaphor for like, I'm not good enough. Yeah. Yeah. So I think people do struggle with this issue. Oh, absolutely. And there turns out there are a lot of products on the market. Oh, okay. Great. So people can check that out. Are they oral or are they You put them in you Oral. Oral, yes. Interesting. And I, that's encouraging. Well, I think it's like prebiotics Okay. Are supposed to be helpful. Now here's the thing. I do think, I think, I think I'm right about that. That the good comp is this fear of erectile dysfunction. No one would send me a mean email if I was talking about erectile dysfunction. I know. Well, they don't think you're tedious. They think I am.


Well Even let's take her out of it. Oh, okay. I think, I think there are, there are many people that would clutch their pearls when you're talking about a vagina in public. And I think that's crazy. Yeah. I Know. Like, get real. And I don't think it's, and it's not dudes equivalent. Well, also it's not dudes saying it. I don't, I don't know. Yeah. That's interesting. It's 'cause I think what You're right. Which makes sense. It's like it's, it's a, it's a fear. So when you're talking about it, like god knows what it is. Like she shouldn't say that. I would never say like, you're doing something that scares the fuck out of them. Exactly. That's right. Yes. So that makes sense. And then maybe if anyone was gonna have an issue with my erectile dysfunction conversation, it was a dream.


It would probably be a guy like, dude, shut the fuck up. No one wants to hear about your li dick. Yeah. It would probably be a guy. Yeah. It is. People feel threatened somehow. I get this by the way, if I can own one of the worst parts of me, I was thinking it of in terms of, in fact, I just, I think I saw the person driving and, and I was like, what is my problem with this per, why don't I, what is my issue with this person? And it is that they present so fragile and vulnerable and weak. Interesting. And when I see them moving through the world that way, it like gives me this deep, I just can't imagine presenting this way.


I would just be so afraid everyone was gonna take advantage of me. Yeah. And, and, and harm me. So like, my own stuff I, I can't even handle when someone's like, just presents this crazy fragile it, it, it really Oh, that's funny. It triggers my fear of myself presenting that way. Yeah. And That's introspective. I think some element of homophobia is in there as well, which is like, you're a young boy and I, again, I'm only gonna speak for my generation. And we just had a guest on yesterday. We talk about the power of that. Yeah. And I want to add, like, yeah, there'll be straight guys like me or this guest we had talking about having been molested and the implications that you're gay and you feel gay and then you'd be dead.


Like your whole school. What? You'd be dead. Yeah. But I think some element of homophobia for some guys is it's not even maybe that they, they hate that two guys are gonna hook up in their house. It's that when they see them presenting as gay, they imagine like, oh my God. That's what I've been trying to avoid my whole childhood. To be masculine and butch and tough. And it scares them. Yeah. Like to see it scares them. Like, fuck if I was acting this way, I would be so called out. And you know, that's Probably true. When people are themselves, a lot of people find that very threatening.


Yeah. Yeah. Because or maybe there's like a deep jealousy. Yeah. Well 'cause they are, They're holding in their true selves because they've told themselves, if I show my true self, I'll be excluded. And now here's this person showing their true selves and they're not being excluded. They're being embraced. It's like very threatening to Your core. Like they feel like it's unfair. Yep. It shouldn't be that way. 'cause I know if I did that, I would be excluded. So why is this person getting away with it? It's like ozempic. It's like, why are they getting to do something that I'm not allowed to do? Yeah. And then, yeah. I think that's what's going on a lot of the time. Yeah. Me too. Who triggers you When people walk around with a victim complex. Right. I am so disturbed by it.


Yep. I also, I I find it annoying. Yeah. Because I guess I feel like you are not everyone, like everyone has issues. Just stop. Like Yeah. The world is not conspiring against you any more than it's conspiring against. Exactly. Yeah. I guess it is. No. Granted, there are classes where the, if you're a black female Of course. Yeah. No, it's Not. But in general, just living life victims Don't trigger me. People who walk around with the victim complex, that's a different thing. True. That's true. That's like everything is, they're a victim or the world is doing this to them or they like, they can't figure it out. And it's, it's everyone else's problem. Yeah. It's everyone else's problem.


But theirs, It's also a great tool in the narcissist kit. It is. It's like when they've clearly fucked up and they clearly owe someone an apology, they figure out how they're the victim and now they just switch their story to how they've been victimized. Yeah. There's a lot of people who are very quick to be the victim in this world. Yeah. And yeah. I'm not talking about real victims. Yeah. And it, I find it so off-putting, I don't know. I don't really know what it is why it's so well for one, it it is, it's contagious. There's that, I think there's something about walking around like that and being so negative and Yeah.


All this is happening to me. It's hard to be around that and maintain a level of happiness. Yeah. You're almost inclined to meet them there. And It's a horrible thing. I I know. I'm, I just got this thing, you Know, this bad thing happened to me too. I Wonder if there's something for you in the fact that like you were presented a fork in the road as a little kid, and you could have gone home every day and told your mom, no one likes me 'cause I'm brown. Or you could like learn cheerleading. Right. And force them to be around you. And like you, I I was thinking that and I thought it sounded a little arrogant.


Arrogant. So, But that, I do think that's what it is, is there's a part of me, and this isn't necessarily fair, but there's a part of me that thinks I figured it out. So can you Right. Again, not to everyone, and not to people who are victimized. Sure. These are people who are victims in their brain. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. There is a way to look at the world differently. And I, I know it from experience. I think for me, mine is ultimately incredibly self-centered because it's really just my irritation or fear that I would present that way. It just seems so unattractive that when I'm around it, I just can't stop thinking about how much I would hate to be presenting this way.


Yeah. I mean it's a just a buzz kill. Yeah. To be around that all the time and to feel like you have to like, be constantly lifting Up, Lifting somebody up. Yeah. And we all do this, right? Like, we all need to vent. We all have moments where we feel like a victim when we're not. I mean, all of us, it's not. But for some people it's a way of looking at the world. I Wonder if what could be helpful? 'cause I think this is one of the, one of my favorite AA things, which is like learning in the fourth step. I believe that self-aggrandizement and self-pity are the same level of narcissism. Yes, Exactly. Right.


So I think once I really accepted that and believe that concept for me to be doing the self-pity thing, I feel as bad as I would be talking about that I'm God's gift to this planet. And so I'm just like, oh yeah. That's the same level of self-indulgence. Anyway. It was a dream. Yeah. It was a dream. Everything. Everything's Tip tiptop. Yeah. Jake g RSRs. Don't be clean as a whistle. Don't be scared. Don't be Scared. If you ever smelt a Springfield Rs you ever smelt a warm apple pie coming outta the oven jers. Because that's what you're getting into when you pull them slack down.


Okay. It's like opening the door to an oven. Oh my god. Get hit with a waft of Okay. Warm apple pie. Warm apple pie. Oh, this is for Lisa Kudrow. Oh, I loved Lisa Kudrow. What a gift. What A gift. What a dream. What a gift. What a blessing. What a blessing. A Christmas miracle. My new over indexed is blessing. God, you've probably noticed It. Oh God. Really? Yeah. I love calling things a blessing. Are you joking? I like, I don't think there's that God's involved. Right. But I like what that means If you do believe God's involved. Sure. Like I understand what it means and I like to I like that meaning.


Yeah. Like this is other worldly. This is really a special treat. So I say it a lot and I do do wonder if it's confusing to people who know my stance on religion. Yeah. I'm sure it is. But I just feel like it really, really articulates what I feel a lot of times now. Okay. Increasingly so I'm wearing a very fuzzy sweater and somehow it's just migrated into my mouth, I think. Oh. Or I don't know if it's psychosomatic, because I can see the little frizzies. I'm like, does this in my, oh my God. It's Just, wait, add some to the bag. Oh no. That's only hair. Right? I'm Sorry. I'm So, by the way, we're due for, I think today we're doing another Oh good. Of a harvest. Yeah. Because it's Yeah. Dwindling.


It's kind of disappeared in that Bag. I know. I wonder, does hair It disintegrate? I don't think so. Okay. Lisa, this was such a long time coming. Our first friend, I was so grateful. I did feel like I fucked it up a little bit. There's no way to really convey the meaning Right. Of her here. And so I was kind of put in the position to try. And so I said there, I think I said there's nothing I can really say, but I wish, I wish I, I could have, I wish I could have articulated it, but I can't. It is, it's a blessing.


She's a ble. The show was a blessing in your life. It was For Sure. Yeah. Yeah. It was lifesaving. It was a life raft. I don't know. There's just not there. There aren't words in the English language. I Wonder if Lisa's thing, there's a myriad of reasons why that's hard to accept. Yeah. How can you, And let's be honest, like a lot of people feel that way. Of Course. Right? So it's like I, even the most grounded person at some point would come to expect that that's the effect it had on Yes. People. 'cause you've, you've heard that a million times. Yes. So I think you're trying to elevate, what you want to do is give this person who's very nice, I just met Monica Padman. I want her to know that I've received it because really now I'm doing something for you.


Which is interesting. 'cause the goal is you, you wanna do something for her. Right. You want to tell her, I really am grateful for you. Yeah. Truly. Maybe that's a way to say it, by the way. That is a good way to say it. Yeah. Like, I'm just personally grateful that on this trip you were in my sphere and you just gave me so much relief and happiness. Okay. Right. But I do think that maybe she's in a position where she's got to act like it's the first time she's ever heard that or something. Maybe. I mean, I'm not gonna do that. Like, that's not my job. Right. To Worry About it. Worry about the way she's gonna receive it. Yeah. I'm not gonna play that game. Oh yeah. But I, I am anymore.


Maybe at one point in in my life I would have, but whatever. I, I can't. Yeah. But I, I just, I do feel what you're saying there is nothing new I can say to her To be clear. I don't think you should have not done that just because of whatever her reaction is. Oh, no, no. I know. I think it's good for you to be able to express your gratitude for the people that you have gratitude for. Me too. I, but I guess that's where it gets heady. It's like I want to be able to tell her. Yeah. And you should Accurately, but I can't tell her accurately because I don't have, I really do not have the physical words. Right. To do. So You'd have to open your chest and invite her into your heart. Yeah. And let her feel what it felt like.


Yes. And then release her That there's, there's no way. Yeah. So everything you say just starts falling, is sounding dumb and trite and falling short. And it's just like, what's the point of any of this anyway? And she hears it all the time. And is it for her, like, is it for her or is it for me, I think it'd be okay if it was for you. Yeah. I don't think that would be bad. I guess. Yeah. I guess I couldn't do It could, it could crazy If you didn't tell people how much you appreciate them. I agree. And I think And their reactions, their reaction. I just enjoy imagining what her reaction is or what she's going through. But in no way am I suggesting you shouldn't, I think you should do that always. Yeah. It's just hard to do when something so meaningful.


Yeah. Yeah. And this happened with Matt Damon too. Same thing. It's like, I Sure. I can sit here and we can talk about the camping trip and that we can, we can do it, but it's never gonna, Well here's a, like a darker examination of it is part of the frustration. 'cause this is part of mine is like, I know Letterman, you've heard from people that they like your show, but you need to understand that I like, I like it on another level. No, it's, there's none of that. It's not like, it's not a competition thing. Okay. It's not. I know, but you really don't understand. See, I have a tiny bit of that. That's funny. Like a lot of people laughed at your show, but I'm like, oh, I can be who I am because you exist.


Well, yeah, That's, but that's ripe. But that's, I probably, I think other people had that too. Yeah. Adam Scott had that. Kimmel had that. Most the people I know actually. Yes. I don't think I'm a special case, but I I want to be a special case though. Do you? Yeah. Everyone wants to be a special case. I would just wanna be a special case in life. Just across the board. Yeah. Saying I just wanna be A very special case. A special case Wish should get a shirt that says a special case. I was gonna, the exact same thing. A special case. Everyone is a special case. They, they're everyone is. Except the, that lady. Well, she's special. I guess. She's very, She wants you to go to the doctor and tell about a dream.


It's just a disaster. Bukowski was right. I do think your sweaters Everywhere. Don't try. It's, yeah. It's, I might have to table this guy. No, It's so nice. You know, when I have two of these. Oh, Wow. Yeah. They're, it's really nice. I have two of these. This is a part of my wastefulness. Luckily I don't shop often, but I don't ever go to a store. Right. I order online. And you'd click number two. I got an Excel out of the gates and I was like, Hmm. Too big. That's a skirt. Oh. Might be a great skirt for you. You mean a dress? Yeah, a dress. Really mini. A mini mini dress. Yeah. Okay. Picture this. Yeah. But then longer. Okay. And then you put like a belt around it.


Oh wow. That's very eighties. Very cool. We'll try it. Okay. Next fact check. Okay, great. You'll be wearing my extra large version of this. It'll be fucking, oh, we'll both wear it. It'll, oh my god. It just look like it's snowing. Oh my God. There really is shit flying everywhere. Yeah. It's all right. Okay. Now a, a few facts for her. Was Vassar the first women's college to offer science? No. The first women's college to offer science was the Troy Female Seminary in Troy, New York, which is now Emma Willard School. Hmm. Okay. She said it opened in 1861. It was founded in 1861, but it opened in 1865. It opened its doors in 1865. So we're guessing then that it got founded so it could get funded, and then it took four or five years to build.


Yeah. When did Vassar become co-ed? 1969. She was right about that. She nailed it. Yep. She's very bright. Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah. I know. Yeah. I mean, I'm not surprised. I don't think you CI really, maybe this is I'll I agree with what you're about to say. You, you Can't be that funny. Not be, you Can't be a great comedian. You can't and cannot be pretty bright. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you can have done terrible in school, but you gotta be bright. Yes. Yeah. It's the timing. It, there's a math happening in your brain at all times when you're really performing Well's. A verbal dexterity to be constructing these things in a manner that is funny. Okay.


The easy E situation. Oh, please tell me. Okay, now Eazy E went to three different high schools. He went to Compton High School, right? Manuel Dominguez High School. Okay. And Taft High School, which is where she went. But he dropped out in 10th grade. So he went to three high schools in two years. Correct. That's too many high schools in Two years. I agree. It wasn't for him. No. And he was Right. That's exactly, yeah. And so that, that clears that up. There was some confusion. Right. No wonder she didn't pump into him. He was probably only there for a month or two. Yeah. Okay. How tall is Ray Romano? Six two, according to the internet, Made up a song last night.


Oh. You know, Felize Navi DAOs with the girls decorating the tree. Kristen's outta town. So it's just the three of us. Yeah. When it came on and I was singing Los Dad, hello Dad. I go, girl, you listen to a song about me. Hello Dad. Dad. Oh my God. I'm still in a sweet spot where they think I'm funny. It's is great. And my life, like when they're 15 and 17 and I sing a Los Filas dad and they're like, fuck this Guy. They'll laugh. I hope so. They'll Laugh, you're funny. If that all happens, I'll just, and they go, what the fuck is this guy doing?


I'll just walk down into the basement and I'll just stay there until my life's over. No, I'll stand in the middle of the basement. What happened? Listen, kids, What I'm gonna be like, what now? What The fuck am I Listen kids, can you do, can you prepare yourself a little bit that kids do grow up and, and I'm not cool anymore. I roll a little bit. Yeah. But la it's loving. I think it's a great motivation for me to stay sharp.


Okay, great. Yeah. I think it might prevent me from going down the road that many comedians do, which is like, they just get less funny. Okay, but I'm gonna be working my On You wanna stick with the tie? Well, I gotta keep these girls laughing. That's my Priority. Well, that means you can't be doing comedy from 2024 in 10 years. You gotta be like, oh, that's not funny anymore to these people. That's right. I'll do that. Okay. You said impermeable border about the house and you didn't know If you said it right. Impermeable means not allowing fluid to pass through, not liable to be affected by pain or distress. Okay. Does your right hemisphere control your left hand?


Yes. Are cluster headaches due to damage to the hypothalamus? Yes, it's related. Are migraines worse for girls? Yes. Hemiplegic migraines. Are they still called that Hemi hemiplegic? Hmm. Yes. Okay. She knew a lot. Yeah, she made a little misstep with that science thing. What science thing? Vassar first. Oh sure. That's, but we can forgive that, but For the most part, They probably told her that, I'm sure. Yeah, I'm sure they did. That's on them. Yeah. I blame them. They were the first women's college to lie about the first to offer science. Science. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a distinction.


Big Time. So that was her. And it was really just, oh, she's a blessing. Very. She is. She really is a blessing. She is. You can believe in the word blessing without believing in God. I know. I just, I, I worry that people who truly believe in like, blessings coming down from God. Yeah. That they might think it's a joke. It's not. And it's not. No. I'm sincere about it. And I think they would be fine with it so long as they agreed it was a blessing. If I say the Big Max, a blessing. Although I think it is. Yeah. See, look at it man. It arrived in the fifties and it's still here. I know. It's a blessing. I So if you're mad about that and I guess send us an email, Send Monica an email.


Alright. And I'm just gonna end on reminding everyone that it was a dream. That's a big, big dream. Yeah. Yeah. And that's that. And, and it's, it's a, it's a warm pie. Pie. Pie. Alright. Love you. Okay. Pie. Okay. Okay. My God. Good night. I love you. Love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Behind the closed doors of government offices and military compounds, there are hidden stories and buried secrets from the darkest corners of history, from covert experiments, pushing the boundaries of science to operations so secretive, they were barely whispered about each week, un redacted, declassified mysteries. We pull back the curtain on these hidden histories. 100% true in verifiable stories that expose the shadowy underbelly of power. Consider Operation Paperclip where former Nazi scientists were brought to America after World War ii, not as prisoners, but as assets to advance US intelligence during the Cold War. These aren't just old conspiracy theories. They're thoroughly investigated. Accounts that reveal the uncomfortable truths still shaping our world today. The stories are real. The secrets are shocking. Follow redacted, declassified mysteries with me. Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app.