
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple. Podcasts Or. you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm m Dan. She And. I'm joined by Lily Padman Hello. My boyfriend's there Today. Yeah You. Love him. And it. Love him too. Five time New York Times bestselling author, the Tipping Point Blank Outliers, what the Dog Saw, David and Goliath and ad New book, which is so tasty. Revenge of the Tipping. Point over stories. Super spreaders And. The Rise of Social Engineering.


This is great cause it was. It's so fun cause it was the 25th anniversary of the Tipping Point. And. This is kind of the other side of the coin of the tipping point. Yes. Oh, what a fun conversation. We took lots of digressions, but We also did a good deep dive into the book. We went through the book Yeah And. We also digressed a lot, which Is the dream. and It wasn. Very fun And. This answers this whole answer for many people. and ad previous episodes he's been on I. Talk a lot about Liz. Playful eyes. Yeah And. You We. Oh Exactly. People Canva. See it. know Know. You Canva. See it. know the power of Liz, playful eyes. Watch us on YouTube. And You Canva. See those eyes bounce. Watch 'em dance. And flirt. And captivate.


Yeah And Snare Whew. Please enjoy Malcolm Gladwell.


We are supported by Audible. We Know You love audio content. Thanks for listening to the show. But if You ears are craving more audio, Audible is the place to go. I probably in true spend more time on Audible than any other place cause. cause any other app Yeah. I'm listening. Every night for an hour before bed. There's more to imagine won. You listen, whether you're searching for the latest bestsellers and new releases or You, want to catch up on a classic title? You Canva. Find it all and ad Audible app And. As an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. What Are You listening to? Know. We. I'm just finishing the worlds I. See by Fe FEI Lee. It's so good. And moving. And it. Love it so much. I'm know. Sad it's ending know. Listen, new members Canva, try Audible for free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash dax Or text Dax to 500. 500.


We are supported by BetterHelp. Spooky season has officially begun. And, we love It. It's happening Already. Planning the hayride. You are adding a hamburger truck to the mix this year. Oh my gosh. Exciting. Gotta every year get bigger. And better. Oh, I Really. Gotta plan my costume. Get on it. Okay Halloween Lets us have fun with what scares us. But what about those fears? That don't involve zombies. And Ghosts Therapy is a great tool for facing your fears. And. Finding ways to overcome them. cause sometimes the scariest thing is not facing our fears. and ad First place. And hold ourselves back. I had therapy last week. And. She's just so good. She Really. Put something into perspective and ad way. That, I wasn Really. Unable I would've never been able to see it. That you wouldn't come Dove it online on my own. No Never. If you're thinking of starting therapy, try BetterHelp. It's all online. So You Canva have a therapy session from the comfort of your home at a time that's convenient for You. It's quick and easy to get started. And, if your therapist isn't the right match for you, you Canva switch therapists at any time. For No additional charge, overcome your fears with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash dax Today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/dax.


He, We probably need you to like draw something or maybe write us a note. We could use some of you there 'cause we have like something from Phil Stutz and something from Drew Barrymore Yeah. It will Be Really. Nice to have a Malcolm artifact. Yeah Exactly. I'll Dove my best. Yeah Dove. You draw. Not We We, but I Dove draw We You Dove. Draw I mean time to time. Sure that You probably draw We. Dove. You have a sketchbook. No I Dove not on That level. What I Dove is I obsessively doodle.


If I'm and ad meeting, I'm just doodling the whole time. You are and And people think you're taking notes won. You're doodling I. Don't think there's any illusion. That don taking notes. You. You draw people or faces ever Faces only Yeah. Same I draw cars in profile. Oh, which I've don since I. wasn about six. But mostly it's faces. And are They grotesque A little. I'm not good enough to make them look like real faces. I'm a poor artist. Poor drawer I. Disagree. Monica. Thank. You so much Yes but I. Dove draw a lot. I have 12 faces. I love to draw over. And over And over again. You. Know. There's this guy with a certain nose. I like to draw And that there's an alien who's shaped like a light bulb a little bit. But He has a rectangular mouth and that I just keep drawing them over the years.


And maybe They just changed a tiny bit. did you ever see the documentary Crumb About our Cru Yeah? I did not. I heard about It. Oh I. Think You would love It. I wanna say David Lynch maybe made It Or Yeah. That makes sense. Produced it. Someone like That. Yeah it wasn. Very inspiring. Those two will Be of a piece. Yeah Yeah Definitely We have so much to talk to You about. We have so much to talk about earlier. Today We, We. recording And. Monica said She wasn prepared to be bored for a good chunk of this. As you And it talked about cars, The piece, the car piece, Not the book piece. and I said you'll be happy to Know I. Actually don't think there's room for any car stuff Cause we're not doing any car stuff. There's We. Maybe it'll, it'll find it was way in. Hopefully Know. Sure we'll make it was way In I thought. We decided That we'd reach a point in our careers.


Whew We could alienate our audiences. We did. We had breakfast recently and we decided That it wasn time for us to just completely betray the covenant. In my case, I would just Dove endless shows about track and field. By the way, Whew loved your Marion Jones episode More than Me. Nobody Did. You like it. You love it. I'm a track And, field nut I. Remember her story. The whole kind of descent That era of track. And field is nuts. What part of it's nuts? I mean for me? It, wasn, That, They, We. Rock stars. That wasn. The first time I ever saw Track And field people be rock stars in my lifetime. They We rock stars. But drugs invade sports. There's a 10 year stretch of basketball. That does not resemble any other 10 year stretch of basketball. It's cause there wasn just so much cocaine.


Oh Really. and there's a 10 year stretch of track Whew Everyone's using I had a friend of mine, Whew wasn on the Canadian Olympic track and field team and ad. Early nineties, same era. and He would describe to me what It wasn like at the Olympic Village. I. Think He wasn there in 88 in Seoul. He wasn, just like You have to understand how crazy everyone wasn And like the throwers We all taking massive steroids and It dramatically increases your sexual appetite. Yes. So he's like That wasn the crazy thing. They're already a fuck fest without That. there Already Yes there. Young men And women in their twenties and They are physically and ad 99 point ninth percentile. And They Don't see anyone else. They're living and ad training camp at all times. It's like they've been in prison out Of control. You know all the men have got balcony knee like you can't believe.


Sure, sure. Telltale signs. So she's Part of That. She had the misfortune. The weird thing is if You We play her a career 10 times, And You just replay it 15 years later. It's totally different. Meaning how competitive She will Be Know or No. She'd still be the same brilliant athlete. But it's just a pathological era for That sport. We Weirdly, there's an over story if you want to talk about your book, there is an over story. Whether it's explicit, you start sensing from above somehow it's like trickling in. Everyone's doing something I think it just ends up infiltrating you. I've always been sympathetic to Lance Armstrong. cause if You know Anything about cycling, you know everyone wasn doing it. He wasn just the best at doing it.


Yeah, Yeah, Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah or the worst to get caught Won. everyone is doing it and you Dove it. cause You realize if You don't, you'll never make it to Europe in cycling. And, That era. But it is different. If you're the only one Yes, you've made this sort of elective decision That, you're gonna break the norm. I find It to be a Really. Fun And complex issue. I kind of work backwards from the reality of it. There's some argument to be made which was like just legalize it. 'cause it's proven to be impossible to truly find out who's doing it and who's not. So if We acknowledge they're not doing a great job of exposing the people That are and aren't that I almost just think you gotta kind of just allow it. I mean I just don't Know. What else the solution is Yeah And the lance thing too. That I think changed my tune on him a little bit. I want to add I? Think what He did and ad wake of it suing people.


And bringing people down. That part I despise. But to see the Zocdoc on him and realize He wasn winning adult triathlons at like 16 years old. And it go, oh No No. This guy has been a cardiovascular. Phenom Liz whole life. You couldn't. It gives me what? He wasn on And expect me to Dove Anything. It's like Barry Bonds. The fact That, he's literally using steroids at the end of Liz career. Does not detract from the fact That. He's one of the greatest physical talents ever to play baseball. Yes. and that also won We. Get into this debate, which we've had a bunch on there. It's like it's Really. Interesting Whew, we draw the line. We lax is fine. You Canva augment your eyes with science and you Canva take propanolol if you wanna audition for a symphony orchestra.


There's numerous ways in which we think it's fine to augment some Made this arguments to me a long time ago and I didn't find It. Persuasive And know I totally find it persuasive and That is, you're absolutely right. It's all arbitrary. But You have an obligation. If You play a sport to follow the sports rules, No matter how crazy They are. Agree can't break the rules. I agree. There's a great definition by someone. Elite sport is the willing acceptance of arbitrary constraints. Whew I like That. That's what it is. Yeah. Yeah. You agree to compete within a particular group. The event has certain parameters. That, you can't decide That the marathon is 24 miles without The confinement. It's not a thing Yeah, it was not a thing. It's actually the rules. That make it what is is.


So it's like if the rules say you Canva use this kind of PD but not this kind of pd, you are obliged to follow That rule even if it's crazy Yeah. But that that you just gotta get somewhat practical about how's It going? How's it working? Know know know you Know how much to penalize. Yeah. Yes for people. That too. I mean the fact That She went to prison is insane. Oh my God. and I understand That She went to prison not for her steroid use but for the line. But still what are re talking about? Why are you even being questioned and ad first? It don't even Get me started on Whew Does And doesn't go to prison. you Know Oh? yeah Yeah Yeah know Okay back to track And Field. So a did you watch Sprint on Netflix? Funnily enough, even though I am And massive track and field fan I have not watched Sprint. I feel like I didn't need to watch it. 'cause you know all That, maybe I'm wrong.


Oh so fun. That Wasn Really fun. I've don That too with things Yeah and my I think I already know everything they're about to tell me. No I like to watch things. Whew I legit think at least 90% of the material will Be something I haven't heard before. Yes I loved It 'cause don don't follow it. That closely And that We both watched it prior to the Olympics. And it went into the Olympics with like an enthusiasm for track And. Field I haven't ever had They Dove such a good job at making You care so much about those personal stories. I at least twice a day spend time on running message boards. There's one called Let's run I Monitor. Let's run like twice a day. I'm on That site. What's twice 700 And 30 times a year. Yeah I have ducked out of crucial meetings. There's something called the Diamond League.


There's like 10 of them every year. These elite track meets, they're all in Europe every week through the summer. Two 30 on a Thursday won the Diamond League's on I will just come up with an excuse And some crucial meeting sneak off I wasn wasn having some crucial lunch with some guy Really. Important business lunch And there wasn a Diamond League race coming up at like two 30 And. it was like my stomach's not good. I gotta go to the bathroom. I go into the bathroom, take up my computer. Watch 5,000 meters, 13 minutes. Oh my, Oh my. Oh wait, this is unethical that Go back to The lunch. We I can't believe you're more willing to basically imply you have diarrhea Yes than just say No. You. Can't it wasn a power lunch wasn someone Way more important than I wasn. There's No way you Canva say I'm blowing this off. cause there's a race in Luon, Switzerland, which I Really need to watch right know Yeah.


You needed a Really Aing family member or diarrhea. I never said diarrhea but Yeah We know You. You Left to That conclusion. I did No one's thinking ulcer won. You say stomach Issue and That takes 13 minutes to resolve. If you We filling out like the Hazelton admittance forms for addiction, That could qualify. Oh like have you ever deceit completely thrown your career goals and ad trash to hide and ad bathroom? And Dove your drug choice. We won. cause as I have learned since I'm know a parent, the number of pastimes, That, I thought I, wasn addicted to That. I. Turns out I just gives them up. I haven't watched a single football game for the last two seasons. And, you We obsessed with It at one point I used to watch five, six hours of NFL every Sunday.


Oh Really and Thursday And Monday night. I haven't watched a single game since my first kid wasn born. Does That seem off brand for him? Football Yeah Yes on face value. But that I bet there's like some psychological thing to it. That you like Yes I just like watching it. Very simple. don don't believe It text am I right? You're suspiciously not into sports. You're a Michigan guy. That's outrageous. It's offensive to the Red Wings, the Tigers, the lions, And, U of M. But I got into it. I'm a Fairweather fan this year won the U of M won It all I was like Okay. I'm watch That game and that that the Lions We gone. He is owning it at least. But what I make up for it in is That. I love sports documentaries. and I'll watch every sports documentary even about things I don't.


It gives a shit about the stakes are so baked in. Even the sport I could care less. Whew wins the Heisman or this or That. I. Get it. You tell me what is the highest mark for this thing is is wonderful. Did You go to University of Michigan? UCLA? Ut CA Obviously. Canva. I tell you since you're in Michigander, I once gave a talk at Michigan some big student thing. This is the most shameless act of pandering you'll ever heard. So I get up on stage. All the kids are there. A couple thousand don don't say Anything. I'm wearing a jacket and a tie. I take off my tie. I take off my jacket. Fold it. Put It on the ground. I haven't said a word. I Start un busting my shirt And. The kids are like, what is going on there? The professors are like what? Unbutton, unbutton, unbutton. Break off my shirt.


And. it am wearing a University of Michigan T-shirt. Oh. yeah. Oh that's cute. Shameless pandering. Shameless Yeah. But it worked right? I'm Sure it worked. Of course It worked. I've don a couple USO tours. Whew I went to Afghanistan and They gives you a kind of heads up. It's like listen, here's what works great. Make fun of the food. And the dac. Make fun of this. Sergeants And asshole. They gives you the playbook a little bit. People love knowing That You. See them We. They love a culture. And. They want you to be in their culture. We. They want a marker? That You took the gig seriously enough to find out even a little bit about them. Yeah. It's like a tiny little act of goodwill. Okay I am delighted with your new book I Love It. You already know and don don't even Know How we're friends Really 'cause it must be a tiny bit awkward.


That, I'm a super fan of yours. And also we have a friendship. So the fact That I am like the number one proselytizer of your books has to be a tiny bit concerning In your eyes. You, you know He talks about your eyes every eighth episode. Really Yeah, I did not Know this. you know, I, Dove, That I didn't know there wasn this subtle homoerotic element to our Oh. yeah, Always, always Yes. I'm not in denial of That at all. I'm a Fairweather friend. I have a homoerotic cluster for you. Did I not say won I saw You. Today the first time. Dax I always forget how huge You are. It's mutual I gotta tell a behind the scenes story. and I might have even told on a fact check. 'cause it what a moment. So our youngest daughter is very Gladwell asked She has very playful eyes, troublemaker eyes.


and by luck won We had breakfast. Kristen texts me, Hey you're at Cafe 1 0 1, right? Order me A to-go thing. I'm gonna swing by And, grab it with Delta so that in walks Kristen and Delta. and that I said to Delta, look at this man's eyes. Like take a look at the playfulness And. The two of them had a real eye off it. wasn explosive I mean I. Hope. You remembered as We as I Dove Your daughter. She's got like both sides charisma packed into one tiny village. Whew knows what's gonna happen. 10 years. Know I Know I Know mass murder or like Nobel Prize winner. She's so spunky. know. know She. I just like wattage. She is a hundred percent from day One. We. Why? What a moment. I Wish I had a photo of the four eyes all connected. Oh wow. cause it made her gives you some looks too.


And She rose to the occasion. She did. I was like Okay know you're, you've turned around And, you noticed this? Oh that's great. So I love your books. I. Don't think I could put them in order. I find myself quoting shit from It still so often And spans the whole range. But it's very, very exciting. That, you readdressing the tipping point 'cause it's the 25th anniversary And. it also showed you a text I sent to Kristen. I said, oh my god, I'm reading Malcolm's new book. It's a take down of Liz own book. And She said What? What a king. So I loved it right outta the gates. But I think We should remind people what the premise of tipping point is. I think we kind of remember.


But you Dove a Really interesting job and ad forward of explaining the era in which you wrote That book 25 years ago. Yeah And, what your point of view wasn at That time and that how you're 25 years older You have children you don't live and ad city And. So it's kind of the reverse side of the coin of tipping point. Maybe Won I wasn. In my mid thirties, I wrote my first book called The Tipping Point And. it wasn a relatively unknown journalist living in New York City. I wrote for the New Yorker magazine just started the New Yorker magazine. and I had this idea to write about how epidemics We a wonderful metaphor for understanding how ideas And behaviors spread through society. That, you could look at the flu or H I V or whatever And.


Use what You know about epidemics of disease to understand why a fashion trend would take off or why crime would fall in New York City. So I wrote this book called The Tipping Point and It wasn an Unexpected Success. You said your first readings We like nobody there. And. You're like Okay. This seems like My first reading wasn and ad at what's the one on Sunset? That Bookstore book Soup Okay That book Soup And. Three people came How many We on accident? One of them wasn. The mother of a friend of mine, And. My friend didn't even show up. Okay She sent her mom. it was a proxy. I was like, all right, That is what it is. You Know. I enjoyed writing the book but I guess that's the end of It and That wasn not the end of it. Yeah It just kept on building and building. I'm Really glad You had the moment. Whew, you thought you had a stinger. I'm all about the fact That most of my life is very low stakes.


I, Know. People Whew in their life face decisions or consequences. That have real stakes. Raising kids is real stakes. Losing your job is real stakes. Having your house blown up cause you're living and ad war to that's real stakes. Publishing a book That doesn't Dove as We as you think is not real stakes. So I wasn in trouble by it. I was like, oh Okay I mean the book is Really optimistic. which we'll get into how it wasn so optimistic. But in general, are you an optimistic person? did You have delusions of grandeur before It came out? Dove, you have any expectations? No I don't reflect much on the past. And it almost never tried. And. Pick the future. I know it's gonna happen tomorrow and I have forgotten what happened yesterday. That's my perspective on how to live a happy life.


I'm So jealous of those three people. They get to say That They, We Really in on the ground floor Yeah. and one guy just needed to use the bathroom and He was like, fuck I. Gotta sit through this to justify to know use the bathroom. He is like, Hey To check this race out and ad Switzer room I should try And find, you know Whew one of them wasn the mother of my friend. The other two I just don't know. I should try And find them. What will Be a fun episode of revisionist history. Yeah cause it, my hunch is They didn't Know. What the hell? They We stumbling Of upon. Oh my God, I think They We just walking down the street. They Needed to cool off Beat the Heat. So I Dove That book, the book ends up being quite successful. Yeah like many, many years on the New York Times sell list. Turns out it was Probably one of the most successful Books with No expectations. How are you processing That experience I guess Are you able to internalize it and experience It or is it like a surreal thing that's happening?


That, you're trying to keep up with And. Catch up to a I. Don't Really. Remember And B Problem is this. If You go into banking, you get a job on Wall Street, Goldman Sachs, you become a trader One day You get a bonus for $5 million. That's why you went into banking Exactly to get the bonus. So it's like you've invested heavily and ad idea the expectation. You gonna get a big bonus. You've thought about It, it was validation for what? You Dove. The way You measure success in That world is the size of your bonus. It's all wrapped up having a book. That sold lots of copies. wasn never on my radar. That's not what I thought writing wasn about And. That's Exactly why I'm curious cause it think for an actor won They end up and ad situation Whew their movie did Really Great and everyone in town's talking about It They had some moment of their life fantasizing about That.


They've don some mental modeling for That. And They decided how They would feel And it And that It either matches or it isn't And. That's Really interesting. but Yeah I would put You and ad category of like some of these academics. That are getting wildly famous from and podcaster They We nerds in school. There's No way. They fantasized about No way. This outcome way I don't know That, you Canva model It all That We. But I think some modeling helps I think a lot of these people get caught Really and ad whirlwind They don't know what the fuck they've never been popular. Yeah my initial reaction. You'll like the Sta wasn. That I bought a car. Yeah Yeah, Yeah Yeah Yeah I knew we'd Get there. Sob nine five. Don't laugh like That The standard answer like what's the game show?


It's like you gotta guess the five most popular answers for sure. Number one is nine 11. Anyone Whew makes some money. Who's semi intellectual? Nine 11 is the first car. Not a Swedish Car. No. 'cause my dad until He wasn in Liz sixties, he'd only ever had one new car. It wasn a sob. That He bought and ad late sixties right after He buys it, He gets Liz job offer in Canva. So He moved to Canva and He had to leave it behind And it broke Liz heart, And And that had nothing but used cars for the next 40 years. Could That be right? The next thing I did wasn buy my dad a new car And did You buy him a sob? I bought him a Volvo. Okay Swedish still of course He wasn a professor and you're a professor, you gotta buy a drive by. They're boxing but there good. But That wasn the only outward expression of It I just didn't Know what to Dove with this fact.


I bought an apartment but that I thought It wasn weird. and so I sold It And it went back to living and ad rental. Welcome. Oh Really. This is kind of a two-pronged question. Had You ever imagined what What will Be like to be famous or be on 60 Minutes? I. Think No No. Had you ever imagined having a lot of money Yes But my definition of what? A lot of money wasn wasn. Not actually a lot of money. So did I think I would make more money than my parents? Yes That wasn a goal. 'cause I saw That. They. Really worried a lot about money. I didn't want go through That. Money is Really interesting. I think money. We're going on many digressions as We. Should People Think We talk about It Too much I think we don't talk about it nearly enough. We don't talk about and ad right way I think. We fail to acknowledge how central It is to so many crises.


People's state of mind. The issues your parents have with money haunt You just as other issues your parents have all these things. They, Really, Really, Really, Really matter and I always find myself and ad position sometimes won. I'm talking to Kate for example, my partner and we'll be talking about someone we Know. And she'll gives a complicated psychological reading of their position. And, my position is I. Just think they're worried about money. Right? Right. And. It doesn't sound like That explanation measures up And it. Totally think it does. My father He wasn't someone Whew, wasn, anxious, neurotic, insecure. He wasn, deeply religious And it ad best possible sense. He thought That. God walked with him. He wasn at the top of Liz field, He is a mathematician.


He worried about money. Money haunted him. Yeah, Yeah Yeah. Money is safety. It's my deepest fear. But I talk about It on there all the time. Yeah, it's so interesting in so many ways. 'cause Yes, it is so powerful. It is on everyone's mind at all times. Yet you're not supposed to talk about It. If you talk about It. You are gonna build resentment in someone else or it's gonna result in new envy in somebody. Like it's so loaded. It's also mythical. It's fake And, it's real. It's like this very powerful force that's moving through everyone. And No one Really knows how to talk about it. It's true. That It helps And that. It's also true That. It's not the fantasy. One of my first powerful childhood memories, wasn. I became convinced That my family wasn gonna go bankrupt.


won I was like seven or eight or nine. 'cause I would listen to this conversation about money, what I wanted more than Anything else and ad World wasn a subscription to Road And Track magazine. So I saved up my allowance money for like months. I counted it all up. I think I had like $9 And. it thought I had enough And that I went to actually subscribe. And realized That I didn't. and I remember standing in front of my parents in tears. 'cause I had to finally admit to them That I needed a couple of dollars so I could afford road And. Track And. it did not wanna be a burden. Aw I wasn all ready at That age. All I wanted wasn road. And track Yeah You you know this is why we're bound. cause my first purchase at a similar age, wasn Automobile magazine which had just come up.


Oh look at you going automobile over road and track It. wasn so glossy and there We so many more exotics. And it wasn premium. The great one is the British one. Car Magazine. Yeah Yeah, Yeah Yeah I have every back issue going back to 1990 something in my library. Look a huge long Rowe car magazines We. That's cool. Oh are you a hoarder At all? No, we just referenced your episode. Oh on hoarding. We talked about it the other day on a fact. Check I love That episode. So Fascinating. Yeah that's of wasn. Monte's favorite I did That right before Covid And it. Remember I went down to Florida to see the guy Whew wasn the expert I Wish I had the tape of That conversation. It wasn, fascinating. He devoted Liz life to finding It and ad humanity.


And people, Whew, hoarded and I just thought That wasn so beautiful And convincing you That something That appeared on the outset. And had many of the manifestations of a pathology had at it was core something That. We ought to value. and ad million years did not think That there wasn someone Whew could have injected That. Much empathy, And humanity into That topic. Yeah. We We just talking about this this morning. Have You ever heard the episode of radio lab titled Blame No Okay with the exception of all your work, it is by far I. Think both of us. Right? it was so favorite episode of and podcaster of all time. Shocking. It's unreal And. it does three stories within it. But one of them being a man, Whew had adopted a girl and She wasn a social worker, And one of her clients, Hi on crack and a bunch of other mental things ends up killing her.


and this man initially just kind of wants some answers and He develops this incredible relationship with this guy. Whew murdered Liz daughter and would come see him in prison. And He became a father figure to him And it. Hear That story and I think if Anything wasn ever aspirational to be able to Dove That. That's the superpower of all superpowers. That is the superpower. That, I, admire, And, strive for and could never reach And. There's a few stories within it. That are just like That God, which just mind blowing compassion. Yeah. Wait, I'm feeling spectacularly at the task of promoting my new book. No No. We. I'm gonna do That for you. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I. Keep digressing. What is It about you two You guys, you're just dangling digression, invitations in front of me.


Those are our Favorites. Digressions are what we're in it for. And here's another one, I Love. it was So You, Dove, something so meticulous and We do something that's so jazz improvisational. So I envy what you Dove and is there any party that's like, fuck these guys. They, sit down And create two hours of content real time. There's No other bullshit. We. I'm not meticulous in real life. 'cause that's the form. Canva I digress again. Oh, yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah Yeah. My whole thing is That won. It comes to any kind of creative act. The first thing I want to know are what the constraints are. Constraints are what make It interesting. I am going on Monday to go visit BMW corporate headquarters cause it met the marketing guy from BM BMW And.


it said I wanna make audio ads for BM bmw. I wanna show you how I think it should be Don. cause it don't like the way cars are advertised on podcasts. So I made a bunch. Ah. So I'm gonna go play 'em for 'em. But the reason I tell this story is what's lovely about That is I figured They can't be longer than two minutes. I gotta tell a two minute story. That's the constraint in my podcaster. The constraint is we got a lot more time. But there's a formality That people are expecting for this podcaster. The constraint is it's Canva. You play jazz in an improv for whatever it is. An hour And a half, right? We, that's another kind of much longer. Sometimes Much longer. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah maybe I wasn day. don checking my watch. We, we ask guests to take their watches off won They walk in Exactly You can't Dove.


Two great minutes And be Don. What I love is, you understand what the constraint there is. You're not running a sprint. If You gave me That set of constraints, I would find That thrilling, Yeah Yeah. but it was just That. don don't have That set in my life right now. Right Okay. So again, back to tipping point and ad forward. You say, look, I wrote this book in this time and it wasn very hopeful and maybe also your age is a hopeful age. Yes at That time mid Thirties is Hopeful. And. So the kernel of the original tipping point is, hey if You look at these things as epidemics, And, you look at That, very little things Canva nudge this tidal wave. and basically we Canva nudge things and ad very positive direction. And, it's helpful in That way.


And. This book's very much like And PS there are bad actors. Whew are also aware of how all this works. And They are actively also nudging it and ad direction we don't like. So this is kinda like the antidote to the first book in some way. is That a fair summation? Yeah. That's why it's called Revenge of the Tipping. Point Straighten the title. Actually Say all That shit. it was write and ad title. No No No I often Dove this won. I'm writing books. you know my book David And Goliath is a kind of antidote to outliers. My book, talking to Strangers is an antidote to blink, blink wasn all about. Let's talk about the power of That. First initial impression of someone or something talking to strangers. wasn. Let's be aware That That.


First thing That We do is almost always wrong or misleading outliers. wasn. Let's talk about how successful people are the beneficiaries of a set of extraordinary advantages. They may not always be honest about And David And Goliath wasn. Sometimes advantages don't look like advantages. I'm always going back And thinking about And. it realized with the original tipping point book You write a book And that even without being aware of It, you end up arguing with yourself about what you wrote. In That case. For years I realized I'd been sort of like, did I mean That? and so much happens like right after I published the original tipping point. The internet happens And that 20 years past. We go through Covid And, all of a sudden everyone's obsessed with epidemics again.


Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. That's sort of what led me to wanna return to it. It just struck me. That there wasn more to be said. We. You ever scared writing this? cause it started reading It last night. I don't normally read the books. That the guest writes cause it wanna be able to know if things are getting too esoteric. But in your case it wasn hard not to. So I started it last night and I was like I hope. No Bank robbers are reading this know learning how to Dove It like you're giving them sort of a handbook on what to Dove and how to Dove It properly. I was like, oh You, you don't ever think about That, No, Okay, We. There is Know That. You mentioned It. I mean a lot of this book is about how bad actors have taken the principles of social engineering. And used them to their own end Yes. So it's not quite a owner's manual.


But how To be a anarchist manifesto. That would float around, teach other to make a pipe bomb. But I Dove think there's a couple of times in this book like the story That Frames the book is a different version of the story of how Purdue takes Oxycontin from an unknown drug into the most damaging prescription drug in American history. and there I think it's very useful for us to Know. How if you're super evil, And very smart, how you Canva hijack a system for your own purposes? They hijack the system. They. Realize That, if you wanna corrupt the medical system, You don't have to corrupt every doctor. You don't even have to corrupt. 99% of doctors They did That whole thing on the backs of a tiny, tiny fraction of doctors living in very specific parts of the country.


That's a Really important chilling thing. You need to learn about the world. Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare


If, you love iPhone, you'll ll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which Canva automatically earn interest won. You open a Hi yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card and ad wallet app subject to credit approval savings is available to Apple Card owners. Subject to eligibility Apple Card And savings by Goldman Sachs Bank USA Salt Lake City branch member FD I C terms And more at Apple Card dot com.


We are supported by Dr. Odyssey from a BC From 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy comes the splashy new medical drama Doctor Odyssey starring Joshua Jackson as the charismatic new doctor on board a luxury cruise ship. He and Liz team navigate Hi stakes medical emergencies, And steamy, romantic entanglements, miles from shore. The series also stars Philip Assu, Sean Teal, And Don Johnson as their fearless captain. Come aboard for new episodes of Dr. Odyssey. Thursdays at nine eight Central on a BC And Stream on Hulu.


We are supported by Macy's. Wanna hear two words? That No longer have a place in my life. Uncomfortable pants. I have officially retired the stiffest pairs from my closet and practically live in activewear these days. If you're ready to upgrade your closet for fall, Macy's has You covered with an incredible selection of gear from top brands including Nike, Adidas, Reebok, and more. Whether you wanna stand out at the gym or simply stay comfortable while running errands, Macy's has the perfect active wear to keep you looking stylish. And feeling great. Shop Know at macy's dot com.


That. Part of it is Really mind blowing. And. They had help. And, it's Really interesting cause We talk about the guilt of them, which is warranted. But You have McKinsey, right? They're the ones That. Discover this and you're framing the whole thing through the lens of Covid a little bit. Whew, you introduced this one event at a meeting. One person early on in CO I, who's a super spreader, And We. Learn why people are super spreaders. you know their vocal cords emit some of the saliva won, they're dehydrated, And, all this stuff. And it turns out That one person ultimately wasn probably responsible for like a million cases or 300,000 originally. But Really one human being resulted in 3 million infections, which is kind of mind blowing. and that these doctors They broke up at the time.


Purdue wasn spending a fortune having sales representatives all over the country talking to virtually a hundred thousand doctors. And this bright company, McKinsey, wasn like We. Let's Really put this and ad diagram And. See what's happening. We in decal 10. The doctors are only prescribing It once or not at all. and ad year And, there's 99,000 doctors in That decal And. If We go all the way up to the top, those doctors of which there's only 384 of them, they're prescribing 300 plus. So fuck all the money that's being spent on four through 10 And. Let's just put all the money in. Three, two, and one. And through That. They end up prescribing millions, And, millions, And millions, And millions of tablets.


This is this Really important principle. I had talked about It and ad first tipping point. I called It, the law of the few. The idea That won. You have an epidemic. The work of the epidemic is don by a very small group of people. But I don't think I took it far enough. So I return to That idea in this book. and you're right I, start with the Covid example. And did say our assumption and ad middle of covid, wasn, That, every person Whew wasn infected, had a roughly equal risk of infecting someone else. Turns out that's just not even remotely true. The overwhelming majority of people Whew We infected with covid did not spread the virus very far at all. The spread comes from a small number of people. Whew for some reason That We don't entirely understand, but probably just genetic reason. Produce a huge amount more virus won They talk.


There's way more ew particles coming outta their mouth than anybody else. And, even That, We thought It wasn coughing and sneezing. But that these aerosol is Whew. Study aerosol And, particle disbursement. They. Look at it. And, They go. Oh, No, No, No, No. It's from talking. Just talking. and what happened at this conference? this person wound up and fucking lecture lingered to everyone. Hose down the whole room. Oh my God with this God this is so gross for an hour and everyone wasn infected. So the logic of That says if You wanna understand how to stop covid, we should Really have been trying to figure out Whew. These super spreaders are. There's not a lot of them. Make sure they're not out. And about won, they're infected. Yeah Gives them a week long trip somewhere What will Be cheaper.


They Just quarantined all those people for like three weeks. It would've been Don. We treated everyone the same cause we didn't. Really understand how epidemics work won. You understand how epidemics work. You realize You need to be worried about the one person and ad thousand. So That, same logic is used by Purdue in creating the opioid crisis. They understand That. Wait a minute, all along we've been taking our sales budget And. We've been trying to reach every doctor in America. Whew prescribes painkillers wrong. Why? We're wasting our time. Turns out there's a couple of hundred doctors throughout the country. Whew are prescribing way more Oxycontin than anybody else. And more than That won. We send a sales rep to go and see them.


and That sales rep takes into a Ballin game and buys 'em a fancy dinner. They just respond to That and write even more prescriptions. It's so scientific. I gotta add. They have the data in these companies, McKinsey and other people, they're so scientific about It. They basically figure out Okay. You have these doctors. If you see them 25 times a year, they're gonna write less And, less prescriptions above 25. They're gonna go up And up. Some of these doctors had 300 insight rep contacts within a couple years. Like they're nonstop Every day. Some drug company rep is showing up at your door bringing gifts. And, They're attractive probably. and ad book it says Yeah. It's Reasonable to assume Yeah, Yeah, That. They're attractive and they're re gonna do.


See You Know, some guy running a drug mill somewhere on rural Tennessee is getting visited hundreds of times a year by some sales rep. And is just writing prescriptions by the boatload. It's a little bit of an acquittal and ad. Nice way of doctors in general. 'cause even I, Whew, I think I followed it more closely. I am an opiate addict. I wasn part of this whole thing. I get It. I wasn. Under the assumption That, most doctors took the marching orders. You Know there wasn this huge campaign. That They convinced people That, everyone wasn under prescribing for pain. and They had all these pretty complex campaigns. So I wasn kind of led to believe, oh I think all the doctors loosened up their No. and that's not true.


49% of all the opioids prescribed in That period We by 1% of doctors Yeah. You are right. It does redeem your faith a little bit. I think this is another useful thing. That comes out of thinking about these as epidemics. And, realizing That epidemics are propelled by a tiny fraction of the population. You realize That We We much too quick to condemn groups of people, And professions, I wasn doing and podcaster. In parallel to the book, I wasn talking to a guy Whew studies homicides on the west side of Chicago, one of the most dangerous neighborhoods and ad country. There are 50,000 people on the west side of Chicago. And. This guy said, if you wanna understand homicide, who's at risk? Who's doing the dirty work?


You Really talking about 400 people. Our assumption will Be. If you walk around the west side of Chicago, you think, oh, we're gonna need a massive police presence on every corner. And be stopping everyone we Canva be. This guy is saying you're misunderstanding. It's an epidemic. And that epidemics are characterized by the fact That. They are propelled by small numbers. And He makes these maps of Whew homicides fall and ad social network of the west side of Chicago. It's 400 people. Wow. Wow. and they're super spreaders, And. Those are of murder. Effectively the super spreaders of violence in That neighborhood. But That liberates You from the idea That. First of all, Liz point is the neighborhoods not dysfunctional. Don't go calling the west side of Chicago a hellhole.


It's not a hellhole. It is a place Whew, a very small number of people have managed to kind of infect the community with this terrible virus. Yeah And Act. Mass, carnage, Yeah. So the first book, your kind of three laws, you used We Law of a few, the power of context and ad stickiness factor. But this book has three new concepts. It has the super spreader, And, it has the Overstory and I want You to talk about the overstory 'cause I wasn telling Monica this morning. It's like I. Read the book. I love the book. I'm gonna be quoting chapters from the book for the next decade. I know it. It has the same deliciousness of the first one. Every single story is so interesting. But framing it is hard to Dove.


cause And it think it's what's unique about your writing And so fun is you're almost like addicted to starting threads. Digressions, I love the digression. You're Just leaving these like You create this little path and that You just stop and that You start a new story and that You stop and you start a new story. and that through the back end of the book, you're starting to just weave all these things together, which makes it a little hard to lay out the book in any kinda linear fashion. But these concepts, the overstory, the super spreader And, what's the group? Proportions? Group. Group proportions. don Really interested in this question of how many people does It take to change the character of a group? Yes And. it think one of the examples, I loved most And. You've had previous episodes about the power of the token.


you know That incredible. Sammy Davis. Oh God Fucking what a beautiful episode. That's one of my favorites. Of course, Sammy Davis. Heartbreaking. The audio of That Roast is just like tell people if They haven't heard what That wasn. Yeah I did a revisionist history episode about Sammy Davis Jr is roasted near the end of Liz life. You know one of those classic Friars Club roasts And, it's so brutal and it's explicitly racial And. He's required to laugh along it's Liz role. And You. Listen to it. I did the whole episode about essentially trying to get people to imagine what He must have been feeling on the inside. cause Liz whole life, wasn all about pretending to laugh and ad face of things That aren't funny.


I think almost even worse as I remember and I can't remember Whew, the black leader wasn. But He had also hugged Nixon at one point or did something nice to Nixon. and that He got painted as an Uncle Tom and kind of skewered by Liz folks. I was like, oh my god, this guy lives and ad world of white people That are willing to make these horrendous jokes about him. Yeah What He had to gives up To be the first one in. and it's Really predictable what the first one in is gonna have to Dove. They. Don't Really have an option? I've been thinking so much about this question. You have a group of people and an outsider wants to join the group. How the outsider is treated is first of all a function of what the majority was like. But more importantly, it's a function of how many outsiders are there joining the group.


If you're the first, if you're Sammy Davis Jr. and you're entering a world, That is entirely white. You are gonna be treated very differently than if you are Dave Chappelle and you're joining a group That by the time you join it. There's lots and, and lots and lots, And, lots of fucking It and legends. Eddie Murphy, And, Richard Pryor, Bernie Mack. Those are very, very different scenarios. And. So I wanted to kind of look at That and ad variety of different ways about how many outsiders does it take before a group changes Whew. Before You get treated like a human being and not just as a token or before you get listened to. I talk a lot about women on corporate boards for years and years, And years there. We, No, women on corporate boards in America under pressure corporations would put They.


Have you know nine men on the board? They have an opening. That put a woman on. So You have one woman, eight men. What happens? won You only have one woman is She Heard? Does She make a difference? Dove. They, listen to her won. She says stuff. Dove They. Treat her like a person. The answer is They, don't It. Looks like they've changed the composition and created diversity. They haven't there aren't enough Really Quick. The woman you're interviewing who's saying is, is very heartbreaking. She's and ad room with nine men and someone will enter and this person shakes the hands of eight of the men and literally walks by her as if she's not there. We, They. Think That. She's the secretary. Yeah Or she'll have a point. No one will respond. 15 minutes later, a guy makes the exact same point. And, everyone's Hi fiving the guy. Yeah. I found all these women. Whew had been on corporate Boys and We the first one in is, is one of those great moments won.


You're reporting something won. everyone starts to say the same thing independently and you realize, oh, this is real Yeah. So I called up and it say Okay. So You We, the first person on named the Fortune, environ and ad company. What? wasn. That like terrible We. You there won They appointed a second woman to the board. Yes what? wasn. That like terrible. Nobody cared. No one listened to us. No one treated us properly. We, you there won. They named a third woman to the board. Yes. What happens night? And day Really. She's like, Really won. You. Get three outta nine. Boom. We, She said, won. You're there by yourself, you're the token. You won. There's another person there. You have a friend. And. We, there's three of You. You're a block, you're Know. Start acting the way you Really want to act. Yeah, Yeah, And, They can't ignore.


You, And, They. Suddenly wake up to the fact That, you're a human being. And. They have to take You seriously. And turns out this phenomenon shows up and ad tons and tons And, tons of different situations. Whew won. Outsiders reach a certain crucial tipping point. and ad group the group changes. That's fascinating. And. So I, just find this so weird. And, interesting And accords and ad certain way with things That. I've noticed over the course of my life, That, I've just never been able to put a finger on what wasn going on. But again, your specialty is counterintuitive. That's why I like it. I like going into a book and I think this will Be logical and intuitive. and that turns out No. So also you're telling another story at the same time, which is these experiments, They run Whew. There's pairs of people, there's gonna be 15 rounds and the pairs of people are shown an image of a person.


and They have to say what name comes into their head. So picture of Benjamin Franklin and I Go, Steve, you go Mark. By the 15th round, the whole group will be saying the same names. No. They're That. Good. It's weird, but it's true. You have these guys, Don hundreds of versions of this. We have a large group of people. Eventually we'll all agree in what we wanna call this face. Within 15 rounds of doing this with a group of 30 people. And, And, They, Dove. This fascinating thing. Whew They put in antagonists. So the antagonist is there intentionally to not play by those rules, right? So He won't or She won't fall into line and We, We get to That. 16th round won. We would both naturally say Ben, he'll throw Glen, right? is It like two people and ad room discussing or you saying No?


So what We have is was like a computer game. Yeah. Okay got pairs of people. I get matched with You. We see a face, And it go Steve And, you say Ben and that We go to the next one. And, it's me, And, Dax, And it. Say Steve again. Dax says George, right? We, keep going. and what eventually happens is We all say Steve, oh, so that's a common phenomenon. We understand That, I'll keep saying Steve. Dax will say Steve, 'cause Steve's know in Liz head you'll realize, oh, Steve's and ad air Okay. I'll just Dove Steve Yeah, Right? cause you're trying to match, you're trying to Yeah, you're doing your best. Trying to figure out how, what to call this person. Exactly. You know, the goal is for You both to say the same thing. This is kind Of like a jury, Exactly, And. As human beings, we're hardwired to find agreement on those kinds Of things.


Ah, there. Social, social, social. So that the experiment, They. Dove this clever thing, which is we take somebody else, Rob comes In, Rob, Rob comes in, and Rob has been coached. Don't play the game. You're gonna call this person Abdul And. You're gonna say Abdul, every single time. Yeah, right? It's a white face Yeah. It's not a prototypical Abdul. You're gonna say Abdul Yeah. So Rob just comes in, just says Abdul Abdul Abdul And. The question is, how many people coming in saying Abdul Dove, You need before the whole group starts saying, Abdul Yes. So only one person says Abdul, nothing happens. Two, nothing happens. Three, nothing happens, but won. You get up to between a quarter And a third saying, Abdul, boom.


everyone says Abdul. Every time. Every time. My God, it was the same. Phenomenal So. Yeah. 25%. Canva, infect And completely change this larger group. Yeah. That makes No sense. I still don't know why That works. So it's this phenomenon of, it's all to the same thing about how groups are incredibly volatile. There's a point at which a group has to stand up and say, oh, you're real don. Don't Know. Abdul doesn't make any sense, but Abdul's happening. know they're not going anywhere. I'm on board for Abdul that. But it's the same thing with women on the board. There's a certain point Whew, a bunch of old dudes Whew play golf every day and who've been and ad white male world their entire lives never occurred to them to take women seriously. There's a point which Whew, They wake up and They say, oh, there's women on the board.


They're human beings. They're as smart as I am or smarter I. Have to listen to them. You see this in every single field that's had a transformation. I mean politics. Come on, Politics. Come on, Yeah. It's Really hopeful. cause A, we actually have some sense of what diversity actually is gonna affect any change. One's not. Two's not. You're wasting your time. Have nobody, if you're gonna invite one moment, just fucking have all the men's day We. If you Really wanna Dove something, you gotta go three or you're a joke. That's encouraging. It is I wasn thinking about this with black quarterbacks in football There wasn a moment won. Doug Williams, who's a black quarterback, wins the Super Bowl with the Washington Redskins, wasn it the eighties, I can't remember.


Or early nineties. and everyone wasn like, wow, a black quarterback won the Super Bowl there. wasn this whole kind of wonderment And. The way in which He wasn described wasn weirdly kind of racist. The Thought wasn. White quarterbacks could mentally understand the offense. And run the offense intellectually. And any black quarterback. That slipped through. They must also be a great runner. They got some other capacity. An Arm That wasn just so much stronger. They Couldn't be smart at running the offense. That It had to be another explanation. Monica, You have to understand there wasn a whole stretch of time. won I. wasn growing up won whenever a black guy played quarterback. The whole conversation wasn about the fact That, oh, it's a black guy playing quarterback. it was so crazy. They couldn't get outta there.


The numbers creep up and creep up. And creep up And that all of a sudden it just goes away. Yeah It just breaks Yeah know the best quarterback and ad game. Maybe one of the best quarterbacks of all time. Patrick Hamms. No. One ever mentions Liz race to The degree That I had That go in my head. And go like, is He black or white? I mean literally. I'm not playing along. It's actually a mix race. It is No. I didn't Know either until he's been hanging out with Taylor Swift. That's how, that's how I saw. That's He broke Through your Yeah. But No one's talking about, thank God, I love That. That's your point of connection is two Patrick Mahomes. That's My way in. But Liz teammate is dating. That's right. Dove. We think That relationship is real. By the Way, we've had so many questions about this. I think it's real. The current debate I am more interested in is, is this document That leaked?


That supposedly is a breakup contract. is That real or not? I. Find That a little bit more Whew Dove You think? I think their relationship is real? They might be breaking up. don don't know, but I Dove think it's real I. Think He is the only male That she's been around in quite a long time. Whew is not threatened by her. He does not seem threatened. He is so confident. He does not care. He loves How famous She is. Yeah He loves it was He is coming out on. He's a Cheerleader. Yeah on stage and a little top hat he's confident. That's Whew. She needs. is It the greatest version of this story? That the document is real, but that They fall in love anyway. Oh, that's the Movie. He is The movie version the Day They sign. The PR people get together. And say for both of your careers, it's enormously huge.


If you guys could go out for a year, know Yeah And. They're totally not into each other, but they're like Yeah. Kelsey says, I'm at the end of my career. I don I know what I'm doing after football. This is fantastic. And. She's like, I need a relationship. and that And the PR guy is was like, so It ends September 28th, 2024. This is Camt buy me love the great Patrick Dempsey movie. Whew. He rents the popular girl. And And They fall in love. And And. New way. This wasn a real life version of It. know What will Be so fantastic I know it. What will Be. Great. The reason I don't think it's fake is I. Don't buy the motivation of She needed to be more popular or something I Don't think She wasn wanting for more. There's No universe. Whew He wouldn't fall in love with her Yeah. you know, what's The universe? Whew. He wouldn't Yeah Yeah. What are Liz better options than Taylor Swift Is Yeah I Agree.


Turning Liz nose up at her. The whole thing is preposterous. Yeah I. Think it was just fueled by people. Whew don't like her. The whole suspicion That, it's fake We. People love to speculate on her. But back to the quarterbacks, there's also this terrible history of Really. Really promising great college black quarterbacks. Whew won They enter the NFL. They are talked into becoming running backs or whatever their other skillset. wasn. They're like We, You can't be a quarterback there. You're great, but you need to be a running back or you need to be a receiver. Crazy I tell the story. The woman Whew is the first American Indian CEO of a Fortune 500 company. Pepsi Yeah, Pepsi Yeah, Yeah. She gets appointed. CEO.


If you go back, And You read the news coverage. So this is 20 years ago. It's unbelievable. It's basically She likes to wear Aari And walk barefoot through the oh Cheez. you know, meanwhile, She said, I've never worn a Sorry Yeah barefoot. Are you kidding me? Maybe in my office at the end of the day, won I, take off my heels. And She wasn singing Wayo by the West Indian performer. Yeah That. She wasn supposed to be singing Dayo. Dayo won. She writes her memoir. She's like, what is going on? And? It's cause They couldn't see her as a person. They could only see her. is this exotic Indian has come to take over an American landmark institution. And that compared to Today won. First of all, there's a million Fortune 500 Indian CEOs, Know. It doesn't even come up. You left to infer from the name whether or not, oh, maybe they're Indian.


I have No idea Unless you're my dad. He He likes to make sure everyone knows what's going on with the CEOs As We. He should Yeah as He should Yeah the way That every single Jamaican in my life. If I talk to my mother, first of all, It is impossible for me to talk to my mother without her bringing up Kamala Harris Yes. By the way, Same. It's never been a Jamaican Whew for a Jamaican to see a Jamaican on the cusp. My mother was like the biggest defender of Kamala. It is so hilarious. you know, my dad knew her dad. Oh, Really, Yeah I. Don't Know Anything about her Dad. They We at the University of West Indies together. And. My dad, wasn a professor. And Kaist. Dad. wasn a student. Oh wow there And. My mom went to school and ad town. Whew. He grew up and if I'm remembering this correctly, went to church in Kamala's Dad's father's church.


Whoa. So, so many Connections. He's excited. My point is my mom, one my your dad won. You see one of your own like I know of That generation won my mom's generation there. We No, Jamaicans in positions of authority. This is huge For her. It's huge. I Know. My parents, same thing. But They have the Indian side of It, right? Yes. So they're like to go from a village in India to your daughter That is pretty insane. it was insane. One generation to being already vice president. And, that potentially the president of the United States is We. They're the po Calling the kettle Black Is not what's hilarious is That Your I'm not quite the president to Your parents. She's Indian. That's what I'm saying to my mom. She's Jamaican Exactly and they're saying the same story. And to my mom, She is a woman. That's Why I love it all.


We'll take It. All My Mother has never for a moment admitted That. Kamala is half Indian. See That She did Not even occurred to her. That's so funny. I think maybe the chapter I wasn most interested in, which is again, is about the law of the few or what concentration tips is white flight. I thought this chapter wasn so illuminating, both Of you come from cities. That, We utterly transformed and ad 1950s, And sixties by white flight, half of Atlanta moves to the suburbs and ad sixties And Detroit. Same thing, right? Oh. yeah, Yeah. The hollowing out of Wayne County. You just did the U of M thing to me. Wayne I make a reference to Gwinnett County. know Gwinnett, But Going Really, Really good.


I'll take That, but, And Atlanta's in Fulton County It is right. Yeah Yeah. Gwinnett is A little outside. They're moving to Gwinnett. It's Whew. All The whites went. Yeah. Exactly. That's Whew. All They went. So And. This happens across America as black people move North. And also becoming middle class. Wanna move into neighborhoods? Whew They previously had never had a chance to move into And. There is this mass exodus of white people from hundreds of American cities and ad sixties And. The interesting thing is, you don't leave won one black family moves onto your block. It's the same dynamic We We talking about earlier. It has to be a certain threshold reached somewhere around I. Call this the magic third. It's the same phenomenon, only the dark side of That I talked about with the women on boards. There's a point at which there's enough black people in your neighborhood.


That, You feel. You can't live there anymore. And, that's won. You leave I. Talk about this experiment. That happened in Palo Alto and ad fifties Whew, a group of liberals got together and said we would like to create a neighborhood. That is immune to white flight. Whew, blacks, And whites and Asian people. Canva live in harmony. And. The only way we Canva make this happen is That. We will make sure That No, one group ever gets above That. Tipping point, That threshold. It is gonna be one third white, one third black, one third Asian. If you're a white person and You wanna move out, you gotta sell to a white person if you're a black, it was and ad Bylaws of Bylaw. If you're a black person and You wanna move out, You gotta sell to a black person. Whoa. We're never gonna breach those barriers. You, Canva, go there. Today it. No longer exists in it was your form.


But it's in this corner of Palo Alto. It's called Lawrence Lane. And. it works. It still has That. Same No, No, No. It's long since people have died. And moved on Yeah, but and ad fifties and sixties, Whew. Every single other experiment in racial integration in America is a failure. They're the one place Whew whites, And blacks are living in harmony. Wow. 'cause They limit their numbers. It's weird. and it's deeply kind of troubling too. cause there's a moment I talk about and ad book Whew, a black family wants to move in And. It's Really hard for black people to find housing in those years. 'cause nobody will let them And. A white family wants to sell their lot to a black family. And the whole neighborhood says No, this is gonna break our numbers. and we're worried if We break our proportions and we have one black family, too many, the white people will move out.


So we're not doing, it was I. Don't know how you handle the morality of That. Yeah, Exactly, I. Think too of Columbia. You paint this picture of Columbia, which at a time I think also and ad fifties. They see an increasing number of Jewish students. and it's growing. and it's growing. And. It's growing. and what They know 'cause they've just observed it. If you see this pattern, Whew, the Jewish concentration gets too Hi. First of all, the Jewish students want to go Whew. The Gentiles go to school. But if It reaches a certain point of critical mass, the Gentiles will leave. But the Jewish students will that leave. So you'll have nothing at the end of It. This guy that's being interviewed is like, know wasn a fear. Okay. Maybe he's lying. But seeing other colleges go this route.


Whew, it's like We that at the end you have nothing Yeah. Whether that's true or not, but I guess what I'm trying to get at is You want to play within the reality of the world and You. Dove wanna find some magic ratio Whew. It's like you are including people. And. You're not collapsing something. 'cause You, Know, That, it'll collapse. We I would draw distinction between this too. So, and ad case of the neighborhood won, we're talking about races living together at a time won the entire country is undergoing a kind of epidemic of racial prejudice. That's an incredibly noble difficult cause. I don't have much sympathy for elite colleges. Whew are trying to limit the number of outsiders. I think if you're an Ivy League school, you should just let in students Whew You think will benefit the most from a fantastic education.


And, stop worrying about Whew they're from or what color their skin is. My chapter on Harvard No, one loves kicking up at Harvard more than me. It's my favorite. You hate a league college. I Hate your cottage. It Is I. Love it. I have a lot of fun at their expense in That chapter. But it's getting at the same thing. You know, it's a good example don, don't go into the book, but I've become Really fascinated by this women and men coming outta Hi School girls, And Boys coming outta Hi school. Their performance is know way outta whack. Girls Dove way, way, way, way better than boys. So if You are an elite school, the only way you Canva have 50 50 distribution of males and females is if you have affirmative action for boys. So boys get in with way lower test scores than girls.


It's like 64, 36 right now or something nationwide. So if You look At a school like Brown, brown is 50 50. They're at 50 50. 'cause They have affirmative action for boys. If you go to Tulane, someone wasn telling you about Tulane. Tulane is a school was like F it. We're just gonna let and ad best students, we Canva Tulane's know I could be wrong, but I think they're approaching 70 30. Whoa. It's a girl school. Wow. and there's a point at which the fear We. I say fear in quotation marks. There's a certain point Whew boys won't go to Tulane 'cause They think it's a girl School. Oh my god, those are dumb boys doesn't wanna go all it was 90 10. it was my options triple a Hundred percent Yeah. I'm gonna go into musical theater at That school.


Hundred Percent Okay. But that's interesting 'cause that does It have an impact on the girls are They. Like I don't wanna go To a grad school. We No. So I wasn chatting to a guy doing this podcaster, Liz daughter wasn looking at colleges. I was like, oh, Whew is is looking. He goes We. She went to Tulane. She. Really wanted to go to Tulane. And She did a campus tour. Her And She comes back and She says, daddy I Know going there. And He said to her, why it's fantastic school. She goes, there are No boys on campus. Yes, she's gonna the University of Texas Yeah. There you go. Whew, there Are boys. It's weird. But it's the same thing we're talking about there, which is the reality of this is at a certain point won the number of a group drops above a certain point or goes above a certain point. The character of the place changes. So the quote unquote fear at Tulane is That. If the boys go below 30%, the magic third.


If They go below the tipping point, we're gonna be a girl school. Know. That could be a great thing. I'm not saying it's a bad thing, but it's just a reality. This is a school That for whatever a hundred years has been a co-ed institution. Even if there are boys there, it won't feel like a And. If you're a boy at Tulane Whew males are only 20% of the student population. You're gonna be treated differently than you would have if You We and ad place, Whew, It, wasn 50 50 Yeah. Which could be a nice dose of poetic justice, but you're not raising your hand. Let's just pause on That. It is a hilarious case of poetic justice. By the way. If I had a boy, I, don't know have girls, but if I had a boy, Yeah We're sad. Yeah guys. We fine. And. If I would say this will Be a very useful lesson for you to experience what women experience for a couple thousand years.


Go to Tulane, be treated like a token. Have people not listened to You? Have people walk by you as if you weren't there. Dismiss Your opinion, Exactly, Dismiss your opinion. You could probably come out a better, stronger person Yeah Or completely destroyed and ad Crawls into a whiskey jug for the rest of their life. I don't like this plan. You Dove a very, very artful way of breaking down how these elite institutions actually end up creating the exact student body They want without necessarily triggering any kind of affirmative action lawsuits, which is Really, mind blowing I. Don't think I had the whole scope of what's going on, but let's talk about the legacy And, the sports phenomena at, let's use Harvard I.


Wanna frame it like this first, if you look at Caltech's Asian student body population from the nineties until current times you're starting and ad teens and your ending up and ad 48% and that's a completely meritocratic system. Exactly. Whew tests the most. Whew had the best grades, Yeah at the exact same time frame at Harvard you start with 18% Asian. and lo and behold, in 2020 it's 18% Asian. So how the fuck does That happen? Yeah, you have two meritocratic institutions. One, their percentages of various groups fluctuate from year to year, depending on which ethnic group is on top.


At That point and I joke and ad book That, there's gonna be a point won. Caltech's all Nigerians, Yeah, Oh. yeah. cause Nigerians are clearly coming. They're one generation away. And. By the way, nothing would make me happier as someone. Whew is 25% ibo. Your mom would Know have an interest in Caltech? We. No Jamaican says You. Know I said this many times. Jamaicans are Nigerians. We are transplanted. Nigerians, that's what we are. So won. Nigerians. Dove, We, We. Cheer as We. Great, great Joyce, Your mom's gonna be In Joyce Labo, which She sees in Nigerian going We. She's also extremely happy, right? So that's what happens. If you're just gonna be meritocratic, you're gonna rise And fall with whatever group is studying hardest. Stay tuned for more Armchair Expert If you dare.


Hey I. Am Ryan Reynolds at Mint Mobile. We like to Dove the opposite of what big wireless does. They charge You a lot. We charge you a little so naturally won. They announced they'd be raising their prices due to inflation. We decided to deflate our prices due to not hating You. That's right. We're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. gives it a try. At mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only. Taxes and fees, extra speed, lower above 40 gigabytes. C details.


You Canva live out your master chef Dreams. Dreams won. You find a professional on Angie to tackle your dream kitchen remodel. Connect with skilled professionals to get all your home projects. Don We inside to outside repairs to renovations. Get started on the Angie app or visit angie.com. Today you Canva Dove. This won You, Angie That


With Credit Karma. Finding the right credit card for you is easy. Our app analyzes user profiles to suggest personalized recommendations. Visit credit karma.com Today to explore cards tailored to your needs. Credit Karma, simplifying your financial choices.


Harvard, there's No fluctuation. The group proportions of all various ethnic groups are Exactly the same. Today as They We 30 years ago. How Dove, They. Dove. That. Why is it That White people have been and ad majority at Harvard for as long as Harvard's been around. So I have a chapter which gives the answer, which is They understand this same thing we've been talking about, which is the group portion game and They have made sure That, the only group that's above the tipping point is white people. How? Dove, They, Dove, That, We, They, Dove That by using sports. There are three ways to get into Harvard if you're not very smart. One is if daddy's Really rich, that's the easiest way. And, there's a number. Let's Be fair. Maybe mommy's rich know too. We, mommy's rich. Mommy And daddy.


There's some asshole rich mommies too. Mommy And. Daddy are rich. That's one way. and there's actually, this is hilarious, don don't go and Dove, It and ad book. But I started calling around to figure out, 'cause there's a whole community people used to work in admissions at Ivy League schools. There's a number how much Dove you have to gives for your kid to be a lock. cause They have places set aside. It looks like it's around 20 million. Whoa. Holy Shit. That. You ultimately donate to the school. You gives your 20 million And your kid gets in. Wow. So that's one way to get in. Okay. Really. Quick We. Just one second there. This is the part I thought you We fair at, but I'm guessing you're not. which is at least you're fair in saying like Okay. So They have this one group. They're an institution. That wants money. And likes money. So here's a group. That Canva gives them lots of money.


That's an understandable incentive And ad way. It's legit. You. Canva. Ask the question about why an institution That has $50 billion and ad bank needs more money. Yes, let's put That aside. And Is an educational institution Ultimately. So second group That gets in easily is if your parents, if mommy And daddy went to Harvard Legacy, legacy You get a big break. Okay I understand That. They wanna keep It and ad family. They tend to gives more money. They have given more money, they're more involved with the school. It's A way to keep the cash coming. Group three though, Whew get in. Even if you're not That smart are athletes know this is the thing that's hilarious to me. I'll refer to the premier state institutions in both of your home states. University of Georgia, And, university of Michigan won.


People think of those schools. They think, oh there's tons of athletes. Those are like sports factories, right? That, you've heard That Oh. yeah. The greatest sports factory in America is Harvard University. Whoa. Harvard has more varsity sports than any other institution and ad country and has a greater share of it was students Whew are recruited athletes And any other institution and ad country. In fact it may have more varsity athletes period. Just raw numbers than any other institution and ad country. That's crazy. The chapter starts with Yale And, Harvard playing a female rugby match and ad rain That. Nobody's at that. There's a boating club like it's a bunch of bullshit sports to just cast the nest wider and Wider.


Why Dove They have so many sports And. Also the sports They have And. They got basketball, And football like everyone else. Sure. But that They have all of these Octa rich people sports, right? Country club sports. It's a backdoor for the rich white people. I talk about tennis. There is No way to be even remotely good enough to play D one varsity tennis. Unless you're rich to play junior tennis, it's at least 50 to a hundred grand a year to play junior Chance. Unless you're Serena And. Venus They are such outliers, You know? But I just have to say it cause someone's gonna say It know And. I'm just saying It. They are the exception. That proves the rule. Yes, If you're the greatest tennis player ever, ever the planet agree, you might break through this. And your father is a genius. Yes, Yes, And dedicate Liz entire life. But anybody Else? Yes Yes.


I'm glad You said That though. That's normally what I would've said. We I. Just know we're gonna get a comment. If don don't, If you're number three playing tennis at Georgetown, you played junior tennis, And daddy And Mommy spent 50 to a hundred grand on your game throughout Hi school. So what You say won You say I'm gonna gives a massive admissions break to someone who's a good tennis player is I'm giving a massive admissions break to someone. Whew has the money to be a Really good tennis player. So you're just ensuring you have a healthy supply of rich And We. It comes to tennis, let's be honest, right? Tennis and drawing rich, rich, white people, Yeah, And, rugby And, whatever other they're doing. It out and ad open there constantly adding new Octa, white people sports to their And there And, they're winning. cause you're also paralleling That with ut being sued by a white girl.


'cause a black girl got in with lower grades than her And. They're losing That Race-based affirmative action is super controversial. Sports-based white people. Affirmative action. Not controversial don. Don't think this s came with people. The whole varsity blues scandal is all about this. The reason you pay $500,000 to the soccer coach at Harvard to get You into Harvard is That. The Harvard soccer coach gets to let in kids and No one's looking over Liz shoulder. He gets to let in Whew. Whoever He wants He Just has like 40 slots. Yeah. How many slots are there on Liz soccer team? You don't have to be a smart soccer player to be on the Harvard just to be a good soccer player. And also. You don't have to be great cause those schools don't win very much.


Yeah, Perfect storm And. There's so many roster positions. That what those coaches We doing. wasn just selling off the marginal spots on the roster. I think it's outta control. I have plugged this book so many times. It's a book called Taking Back the Game by Linda Flanagan. Oh, I Adore Linda Flanagan She wrote this book about what wasn wrong with youth sports. She's always suggestions for fixing it. One of the first one is it's time to get rid of all athletic scholarships. If you wanna let an athlete in, fine. If You wanna gives them financial aid cause They don't have a lot of money, fine but stop setting up this separate thing. Whew We somehow pretend cause her argument is We. You set That up as a goal. It infects the minds of parents and It starts distorting sports all the way down the line. There are 11-year-old kids.


Whew are playing sports and ad way. That's not fun. That's just feeding into some fantasy their parents have about getting a free college education down the line. She's like, why are We ruining sports? cause we offer this kind of lottery ticket at the end of the game. Should you just make everyone's life much easier? Just get rid of, It's like the next step beyond what we already don't like, which is You would hope. That. These young kids are playing for the love of the game and not even love of winning. Like winning's great And that you add. Oh actually it's not even about winning and it is not about love of the game. It's about ultimately getting into this elite school. So you'll be on this trajectory. It's like how on earth You you even like it at That Point won. it was the goal of it was so far down the road. Won I. Think about school sports experience. I want from my daughters is We 'cause I'm a runner.


I'm naturally thinking about running I, want them to be on a huge Hi school, cross country team. Whew, They, Canva. Go for 10 mile runs with 20 other people. And chatter the whole time. And that go to meets and have a blast on the bus. And come in 45th, And help the team place third and go home. Happy Yeah. Learn how to be on a team. Yeah. There'll be a girl on the team. Whew wins the whole race by 20 seconds. And be proud for her. And maybe That girl is my daughter. Maybe That girl is my daughter. Maybe not She. And it's not the end of the world if it's not Okay. The other Really Really fun story and ad book That I wanna talk about it is a big component of won. You're looking at this contagion effect, which is small area of variation.


know this is an incredible concept. I Really enjoyed learning about. and It starts with a doctor in Vermont, Yeah And Hi Liz sixties. He's given Liz job by the government to go into Vermont. And measure how much healthcare each community is getting. 'cause They had worry. That like poor communities aren't getting enough healthcare. So He goes to every town in Vermont. And He kind of measures how much of a given medical procedure is being Don and ad how many tonsillectomies are being Don in Waterbury and how many being Don in sto? Good job by the way, you remembered this. What He discovers is it's not That. The rich areas have more healthcare than the poor areas or That places. Whew a big hospital. It's a totally random variation. A And B.


The differences are enormous. Yeah, Canva, I. Read a couple of them. Yeah like hemorrhoid surgery five times higher in some districts. Hysterectomy, prostate surgery, appendix removal three times more likely in some districts. Some districts though 70% of their kids have had their tonsils out By the time They We 15 and 20% have only had them out in Waterbury, Which was like a neighboring town. Yeah, right? So understand this is all within Vermont. It's a tiny little state. You Canva wander through Vermont and You. Don't feel like you're going from the upper east side of Manhattan to the South Bronx. It doesn't have That feel at all. It looks all the same from the outside. But He finds these wild differences in how medical care is practiced. And, this starts what has been this enormous area of interest for medical researchers over the last 50 years, which is what They have come to call small area variation, which is for some weird difference.


Whew, you practice as a doctor. And. We, we say Whew, we mean the hospital or the town makes a massive difference in how You practice. That just by virtue of if Dax And it are ophthalmologists, we're working out of Pasadena, we're gonna practice and treat our patients a particular way. And that if Dax and I We to both decide we're gonna move to Ann Arbor tomorrow, we would become Ann Arbor Ophthalmologists. We would change. You gives this example of like people Whew went to Buffalo and completely changed. It wouldn't be like a conscious thing. We would just go there. and the vibe of what It means to be a doctor in Ann Arbor is so different. That We would just become different kinds of doctors. And, this has been documented exhaustively.


It's super weird and super interesting. We We just had this week a professor from Columbia Whew wrote a book called Tribal, which is Really Really good And. it talks about the three components of tribalism and one of them is, and there's an operative word in this, which I, Really love You model and comply with the people. That are nurturing you. Nurturing to me is the huge word there. So. yeah. If You go to this hospital, they're the ones paying your paycheck. They're the ones That. You're seeking advice like they're nurturing You and you fall into line with whatever your source of nourishment is. Yeah. So why is it different? One town over? Cause the nurturers for whatever reason, have a different perspective on what it means to be a good doctor. And, it's contagious.


They've spread their lesson, their model, their paradigm to everyone in their orbit. And, We, You move there you catch the vibe of That place. But as a model, I, think of this as being useful. We outside of medicine, my chapter ultimately on know This is all about Miami. 'cause I became obsessed with why Miami is so Weird. There's not a more fascinating city in America than Miami. Yeah I love the great joke That. Why Dove Latin Americans like Miami so much? cause it's so close to the United States. Oh Yeah, that's but back to your tipping point thing too. That wasn a town of 300,000 That and ad eighties won feed Al Castro opened up the border overnight. They got a hundred thousand. Crazy. One third of their population changed.


So I try And locate the moment won. Miami becomes Miami. Miami used to be just another struggling sleepy southern city. It wasn Jacksonville, it wasn nothing. Remarkably special And that a bunch of things happen to change. It all and ad same narrow window. One is That. Cuba opens up. There's a huge influx of Cuban migrants and ad 1980s and and ad same incredibly short period of time there's a race riot. That sends all kinds of white people fleeing for the suburbs. And. There's the rise of the cocaine trade, which used to be That. The drug trade of Miami wasn small time operators bringing in marijuana from the West Indies And that overnight It becomes cocaine from Columbia. and that's a whole different Ballin game. Those three shocks to the system all happen within months of each other.


If you think about it, the population just gets turned upside down there. Wasn a moment and ad eighties That the Federal Reserve That held the cash for Miami had more cash in it than all remaining 11 federal reserves combined. That's insane there wasn such an insane amount of cash in Miami. Oh my god, there wasn a recession in car sales. You couldn't get a Mercedes in Miami. You couldn't get a Ferrari. That's crazy. It wasn just an explosion of wealth while the rest of the country wasn going the complete opposite Direction. You and I don't get into in telling the story of Miami I wish I had. In retrospect, there's all of this Really fascinating work been Don by social scientists about Miami Vice the way We think about Miami. know is a totally new phenomenon.


Miami wasn this sleepy crime ridden, forgotten southern town. That, nobody cared about. You did not go to Miami Beach. If You We a tourist, you went to Lauderdale or Boca or You went to the west inning and ad sixties Miami gets shut down. The whole idea That That wasn. A tourist destination is dead through the seventies. The question is, why does Miami become sexy? And cool after it gets turbocharged by drug money and has a race riot. And the cops are Really crooked. The answer is Miami Vice. There's a fascinating paper I read about someone. Whew makes this argument. So convincingly That Miami Vice is the pivotal moment in Miami's history. and you Canva look at the numbers. The first episode of Miami Vice, it's like Crockett And tubs.


They come across some insane instance of corruption and ad Miami Police Force And. It's like it's just all cool. A normal show would've that launched into some internal affairs investigation. It's just like that They jump and ad Boat And. They're both dressed in pastels Way. He drives a Ferrari and Drives a Ferrari. He is a 42 Foot scare of We crab. He's got a $500,000 boat in eighties. This is talking about won. A police officer is driving a Ferrari Yeah. He is on the take And. The whole point is That. These are the two coolest police officers you've ever seen. They're clearly taking drug money. Yeah and is is fine. If You look at the tourism numbers after Miami Vice comes on the air, all of a sudden people are like, whoa, we wanna go to Miami cause it's exciting and dangerous and cool.


And sexy. They're going across the Bay. Biscay in That Go Fast. Boat was like Know. You Have a scare of And. They're playing Tangerine And Dream and ad background. Michael Manns That height of Liz powers Michael Mann saved Miami He should get a little Kickback. If We had to make a list of, I'm digressing again, I'm actually not digressing cause it talk about in my book, two television shows That I Think Belong on the list of the 10 most important television shows and ad history of television. So if we make a list, if I've don this before and ad show know I wanna hear the list? No No. I'm obsessed with this. What are the 10 most important television shows of all time American television shows of all time? I have a chapter on why I Think Will And Grace belongs in That List. I think that's without question. I have a whole chapter on the mini series from the late seventies on NBC called Holocaust, which wasn watched by half of all Americans, which forever changed the way We.


Think about the Holocaust. There wasn't a single Holocaust museum before this show. People didn't even use the word Holocaust. Capital h It didn't exist. That Whole chapter on the Holocaust And That show just blew my mind. Everything I learned I did not realize. So I think those two shows belong and ad top 10 of all time Miami Vice belongs on the top 10 of all time. That show is hugely important. Changes the way we think about an entire city. And also heartbreaking and ad sense. That That as you so skillfully lay out and ad Will and Grace episode It can't happen 'cause we have three networks. So there's tens and tens of millions of people watching Miami Vice. It's not a show streaming on Netflix Whew. Maybe there's 800,000 people. It's like a third of the country is watching Miami Vice.


It's reaching everyone will And Grace is reaching a third of the people that's gone and That wasn a very powerful tool. The political divide implications of us not sharing these shows. That kind of scared me The Decline of television. Television got way better in terms of quality, but it lost. it was power. Yeah, the monoculture power is gone. Would you put Sex and ad City on That list for For Monica? For me? No for New York. And New York Women. Ah, Someone pointed out to me That I hadn't realized. It's so true though. Once you see It, the phenomenon of groups of young women walking and Ad line and ad line Yes That's real Didn't exist before. Sex and ad City. No, I Live and ad Village. You walk around the village, you'll see three women walking abreast down the sidewalk blocking all traffic.


It is totally from sex and ad City Yeah And kind of a sexually liberated Yeah group of women. Empowered. I'm putting That on the list. Okay I, don I know if It goes on your list. I Think it belongs. Cosby show clearly belongs Oh. Yeah, Oh. Yeah. Not a popular one to put on the list currently, but still as a weird Valence it was Somebody needs to tackle the Bill Cosby thing. Seriously as a subject And reckon with the fact That Liz story is one of the strangest creepiest hard to understand. He's simultaneously one of the most important cultural figures of the 20th century in America. And a monster, Monster Yeah with self-righteous shaming of other people all along the way. Calling Eddie Murphy and saying you shouldn't swear in your set.


Fuck You. You are doing That. You're gonna call me and tell me not to say fuck shaming Lisa Bonnet for doing nudity and angel heart And getting her potentially kicked off the show. He wasn so offended by nudity, But We know why He is doing That in retrospect. Yeah Exactly but Yeah subconscious level. He had to, He's gotta a peer I. Don't think it's That. I. Think he's on some level so ashamed of what he's doing. I agree. It's the mirrors Yeah. That's the way You express your deep shame internally. To him, the world is this depraved, corrupt place. And, he's a part of it. Some part of him just wants it to be clean. Whew needs the world to be clean and moral. And upstanding more than Bill Cosby. Yeah Yeah, Yeah Yeah.


That's true. He's just sitting in Liz house in Philadelphia currently. Yeah. He's just sitting there like waiting for someone to come. And. Get Him, Talk to him. Oh. yeah, That's a good example. You bringing up Cosby. cause it's actually tied to also you talk about a very ineffective approach there. wasn an attempt to help America start accepting gay people and It wasn Don with this made for TV movie Swerving Off the Road and ad Pines. And actually did the worst case scenario, which is It only painted this very limited stereotype of the gay person. Whereas the Cosby Show right is the virtual opposite of That. Yeah I have a chapter. Whew I get in deep on tv. won is TV change. Our perception won.


is It a transformative revolutionary force? And We is it? Prop up the status quo. And it ran across this woman named Bonnie Dow who's just a genius who's written all this fantastic stuff about tv. And She has this great riff about That wave of feminist shows and ad seventies, Mary Tyler Moore show Rhoda all the way up to Murphy Brown Cagney and Lacey Cagney and Lacey Yeah. A lot of people looked at those shows and said this wasn a sign of the rise of feminism. And. She's like actually No. 'cause if You look at those shows very carefully, you'll see That They are all portraits of women whose only path to success wasn to emulate men. Yep. So They We, single childless whose measure of success wasn to achieve and ad workforce Exactly as men had there wasn, No model of a woman.


Whew could be a feminist. And simultaneously have a family, for example, which is the dominant question facing many working women in this country. Today. So She wasn like those shows didn't break the glass ceiling. If Anything, if you We a woman And, you looked at those, those shows, you would say the only way for me to be a success and ad world is to be a man Yeah is to close off any doors. Be a hard hitting cop like Cagney, And, Macy Yeah. So that She does the same thing, won She looks at the way Hollywood dealt with gay people in seventies and eighties. And. You could see these shows which on the surface will Be about a family coming to accept their gay son. And You look closely and you realize, oh, No, No No. That's not what the show is meant. And it.


Talk about one called Doing Time on Maple Drive. A classic made for TV movie from the eighties, which has a young lo Laughlin in it. Oh, Oh, Really ding Ding ding. And also it's one of Jim Carrey's first roles. Oh Really. Oh Whoa, it's from the nineties. is it early nineties? I. Think it's very young. Jim Carrey. You're like, oh my God. Playing It straight by the way, playing a kind of troubled alcoholic son and ad rich family It is a classic made for tv. We would watch It on a Tuesday afternoon. It's ostensibly about a sun comes out to Liz family. And the family comes to accept the son and You think that's super positive. That's setting the stage for us all accepting. But it's not That at all. She points out That. What happens is the son is not seen as normal by virtue of being gay.


He's seen as carrying a terrible burden. That brings grief on Liz family. He's also shown as someone who's incapable of maintaining a relationship. and thirdly, he's not what the show's about. The show is all about the suffering. That He caused to Liz straight family, And friends. It's their story. And. As long as Hollywood's telling stories in which those three conditions are in play, we're not making any progress. And Isolation. wasn a key too. Oh. yeah. He's all by Himself. The prevailing gay story, just like feminists couldn't have a family is That the gay person. wasn gonna live a life of isolation Is incapable of sustaining any relationships. Wow. And. The reason Willy Grace is so important, it seems like it's just another sitcom about beautiful young people in New York.


It's not. It breaks those three rules. Wills, gayness is not a burden to anyone. He has a real relationship with grace. and Grace doesn't go around bemoaning what he's don to her life. you know What She has to deal with? She loves him And He has lots of friends. He has friends. So it's brilliant cause it is a deeply subversive show. That You don't realize it's subversive. You think it's just another sitcom. Meantime, You have absorbed all these lessons. Will's just normal. Yeah. The subtext is this is a normal human it being, it's A normal Guy. One little aspect of Liz life differs from yours. It's not watching someone accept, it's you yourself are accepting you Yes start loving the people as opposed to watching It from afar.


And to the extent you have an issue with Will or Jack. Your issue is not with their gayness. He's annoying 'cause He is neurotic. He's not annoying cause He likes men let shift 'cause in every other previous I quote at one point some guy I wrote a book about the history of how gay people We treated in Hollywood movies from the sixties through the nineties. And He makes a tally like of the We. I'm making this up of the 75 gay characters in Hollywood films in That. Period. 51 We murdered 21 commits suicide. That's what happened to gayness Virtually the whole lot. The whole lot. You Hit them on Timely Death as a result of their gayness is You. Don't realize It until You Go back. You're like, oh that's right And that Will and Grace comes along and nothing.


No one has aids. They go To work and ad Morning they're funny. You would like them in your life. Yeah, it's kind of brilliant. I watched That show casually enough to realize it wasn very funny. But what wasn weird is I Dove this for a living. Consider myself a sort of skilled analyst. None of the subversiveness of That show occurred to me at the time. I missed It. All I am sure I wasn affected by It and ad. Best way I am sure It changed my perspective on whether gay people should be allowed to get married. And this is a big component. and ad book You talk about a lot of these huge title shifts happen so much faster than We expected. and absolutely without warning We, anyone and ad Space Whew would've been good at predicting won. We think marriage equality will happen. Like You have George Bush in 2006 saying to America, let me put this to bed.


A union in this country is gonna be a man and woman. Every religion respects That We as a culture. Respect That. That's it. He comes out to say like, that's enough of That. It seems like we're decades and decades and decades away at That moment and ad fall of SSR No one sees That coming. The people within the SSR don't see it coming. We on the outside don't see It coming. And that in seconds. All of a sudden this thing is upon us. Yeah. It's a very sobering and kind of fascinating phenomenon. And, it is actually lessened a little bit of my current pessimism about the world. cause it just think, look, my pessimism is based on a prediction and they're always wrong. It's pointless. Yes. Sit back. And. See what happens. Yeah, We, Malcolm I just love you. I. Have two compartments for You. I am a super fan of yours, but I, stow That and ad House and that I'm with you, I, ignore all That.


And. it just proceed as if you're a normal guy. But I just adore you. Not just the playful eyes, but the fucking books. It's You and Krakauer for me. If either of You write a book, I don't have Anything to relate to, there's not even a sequel of a movie. I would look forward to That much. There's nothing That would delight me as much as won. You have a new book or K Crackower has a new book? Who's yours? Oh, I have many And. You We like, oh, for years. My favorite writer wasn Janet Malcolm She died a couple years ago. Every time She came out with something, I just devoured It instantly and tried to emulate It And. Plus she's a genius. If you're honest about yourself, you have something you're a fanboy about, right? Yeah Yeah, Yeah Yeah, definitely. You just like it's the purest state. My eldest daughter is very exuberant and enthusiastic about the world.


And. it just realized that's the natural state. It's all great particularly and ad Subway for the first time yesterday, just like looking at her She, just thought, this is so red And. It is. is I like it's dark And there crazy people and some guy wasn singing. What's That? Jason Moreraz song. The famous hit. Oh Yes. Some homeless guy comes up and does a Really good version of That song. And. She just thought, wait, there's entertainment on the subway. Like this is fantastic. At First I thought You said You took her to Subway the sandwich shop No No And. For a while, It still all made sense, like Dark And kind of crazy characters. The New York City subway I. See? and that we took her on a bus the first time, And it convinced her That the conductor wasn gonna start singing wheels on the bus at any moment.


She's like, Really. I was like, oh, just hold on. It could happen. wasn. Like that's what They Dove on Bus They sing Wheels on the bus. Everything The song came from. Oh, How cute. Canva I Dove. My funnest moment like That. This would've never occurred to me until it happened. Delta had spent the first six years of her life with us ordering everything. We would get that CO I. So we didn't go anywhere. And. We came out of CO, I and I. Don't know why I needed to go, but I took her to Target. She couldn't believe what She wasn seeing She wasn. Like everything That You would want is in one location and it's just on display. and You walk down the aisles. And, you Canva. See all the things we would want That we would normally order that's in 3D In real And it was like, oh my God, I've never taken her to a department store.


My life. wasn gonna do K-Mart with my grandpa. On the weekends, We got home That night and She said how Dove You work at Target and I go We. You just apply and I go. and in fact, if you applied to be on the night shift, You could be there by yourself. And, She, wasn like, oh my God. That's what I want to Dove won. I grow up. She wants to be able to be in target by herself at night and just take It in I get it. A shopping addict you created clearly Yeah, Yeah, We, all That to say Malcolm I Really Really Really love Revenge of the Tipping Point. I'm sure everyone will read it, but I encourage everyone to, it's so tasty and delicious and you've Don It again. And it adore you.


and not to make You uncomfortable, but I am so flattered by your friendship. Oh, feeling is entirely mutual. and we didn't even discuss cars won We. Get to texting about Norway like I'm in Norway and I hit You with an opinion and you're like, Yes, I've said this a thousand times. did I tell You our take on Norway? No I have the texts. Oh. yeah. Oh. yeah. I. wasn. there should, Here's the transcript. You should read It. You come over the top big time the writer comes out. Whew Dax opens it up brilliantly. hold on. This is a lot of car stuff. I gotta get back to you Cause This is Dax. This is my final conclusion. After days of driving And, thinking about It, it's a waste of time to go back a hundred or 200 years to try And. Understand these people I think the answer lies and ad original migration out of Africa.


These people walk through Greece and Italy. Whew food wasn growing off of trees. They went through all the fertile farm that of Germany got to this icy place, this dark 10 months of the year with nothing to eat. And, They thought this is absolutely perfect. And And That They hung out with the super friendly And exuberant Nigerians. They dated gorgeous Ethiopian women. They ate mangoes off the tree and fresh oranges from their backyard. And They decided, nah, I dried herring. Oh, that's good. I like made my whole vacation. cause it wasn there like Really synthesizing the whole thing. And the fact. That, you had the exact same take. wasn so comforting. That is so good. All right, We until next time. You're getting up there with Sedaris is our most Oh.


yeah. Frequent guest. So let's keep the battle going. We will And keep coming back. All right guys. Thank You so much And. Also everyone listening to Revisionist History is my favorite podcaster currently. Bye. Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare,


Bombas makes the most comfortable socks, underwear and T-shirts Warning Bombas are so absurdly comfortable. You may throw out all your other clothes. Sorry Dove. We legally have to say That No. This is just how I talk. and I Really love my Bombas. They Dove Feel That good And They. Dove good too. One item purchased equals one item donated to Feel good. And Dove good. Go to bombas.com/ Wondery and use code Wondery for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/ Wondery And. Use code Wondery at checkout


Thank You to hear Miss Monica, correct all the facts. That We wrong. That's Okay though we all make mistakes. I'm representing you. Today I know it's such a cute shirt on you. Thank You. It is such a cute shirt. Yeah I. Know should hire you to Dove some modeling for the the line. I'm happy to. Also, I kind of wanted to show people how You could style merch. Oh, You wanted to be an example. You Canva mix it with beautiful pants and also cute sweaters. That's kind of my move. You Know won I. Wear a cardigan. I also wear something with some flare underneath Yes. It's like, oh, is That a? That's a very nice cardigan, but there's some kind of edgy shirt, Mixed messes.


Yeah, Yeah. It's a nice mix. What time did you rise this morning? So I had such a bad headache this morning. Oh, No. Know. My, oh, No from your flies Know mom, my flies Yeah. My flies are there. They've arrived Big time. And have you ever thought about putting one? So I have these fly zappers. That sit and ad kitchen. Have you seen was like two It. Looks like black light colored. Sure. Lights. Tubes and They zap. The Yeah. Fruit flies And. The presumably period flies Actual one. Or should I put It in my body? I. Think won. You're in bed at night. Just get it between your legs and on That way, it'll attract em all. and And that zap 'em. It might minimize the time of the of the period.


The duration. What will Be. Great. Yeah. I'll try it. Okay. I'll try Anything. 'cause it's not a fun time. It's not No. and this one hit You hard. Yeah. and it wasn affecting my tummy as we've talked about. But I've mainly cut out. Oh, you Did? We. Some of it. Okay. And. Know. I. Have I had a Really bad headache. Sometimes I. Get these Really Really. Intense headaches won. I'm on my period. Whew. So It took and ad leave. D Oh, Okay one of our favorite products. I. Don't think sponsored, but Not a sponsor. We Do. Really like it. We need them as a sponsor. Yeah. and it's helping We. Let's tell people about our longstanding feud.


About our favorite medication for a headache. Okay. Let's Dove. It. You like an ibuprofen? I. Dove. You like a Advil, a Motrin or an Advil? I. Don't go Motrin. I've never bought Motrin. You don't know what it is, right? M Yeah. It's the same as Advil's. Ibuprofen. I heard That. it was just a different brand. Okay And it like a set of Meine. I like a Tylenol. I. Know. We fight about this all the time. We always are fighting about it. We, What did You say? What happens? won You. Take Tylenol. Just nothing. I. Just don't. Know. Yeah I I. Find is It. That. You don't know it. Or you've had a adverse, I've never had an adverse, but I've, I've not felt the relief. That. I feel from from an ibuprofen. cause we used to Really not, not actually fight, but We would try to put our own views on the other person.


You would try to convince each other. Yes. That the other wasn better And. that over time. I've noticed That for both of us. If anyone has like a headache or something and we say, did You take Anything and We? Say And. I'll say Yeah. I took Advil or You say Yeah. I took Tylenol. We just keep quiet. We Leave It at That. But I notice there's always like three seconds of like Okay And. We're both gonna stay out of it. And That we choose to move on. Yeah We. There's a lot of these fights. That. We just eventually got tired of having Yeah. Yeah. Fatigue is a good, It's a good tool. It is fatigue is a, is an adaptation.


Not a Yeah, not a bug. We I watched a good frontline I sleep on Frontline all the time. I like Forget Frontline is my favorite show. Yeah. and that I'll be s perusing my DVR. Yeah. and, and I'll, oh, frontline. and that I. See And. What's nice is by the time I check in, there's usually four or five documentaries. That, You I've missed. So I, I, Canva. Select Okay. So last night, I started watching the enemy within Whew, which is about Germany's. Could also be about periods. Absolutely Yeah. That might be called the Enemy downstairs. Yeah, you're right. Maybe that's a part two. Yeah. Maybe they'll have That.


Maybe They already have That. Yeah Probably. But this wasn about Germany's growing far, right? Oh, neo-Nazi ish. Current. Current. Oh wow. Yeah. There's a party there called the A FD I. Think like Alternative something Deutsche. Scary. Yeah And. We just had a guest on That wasn saying That like Extremism's been on the ride. And Polarization's been on the rise. and I wasn like totally wasn like I Yeah I we're so, I'm so stuck in America. Yeah I just assumed it. wasn just us. But No, No It is so frightening. Yeah, I, Know. It's so frightening.


You just think Yeah, these horrors of the past We know better Know. and that you go like I. Don't know. I don't Know. If we'll ever Know better We factions will always come up. But we just have to hope the majority knows better Yeah. But and also democracy's tricky in That You Canva elect a non-democratic Exactly Entity. You Canva You Canva elect a group. That aims to diminish democracy, which is so interesting. Yeah, if express a goal, Don don't think very many people We. This isn't a dis, this is just like I think reality. I. Don't think many people know the dets of democracy.


Really, Right? We this Like They. Don't know what they're protecting. And not protecting Yeah. So And it, And it. Have an adjacent huge pet peeve. Yeah won. You say we're and ad democracy And some genius rights. No. We're not. We're not. and ad democracy. We're and ad Representative Republic. Oh, I. See? Sure. But those people don't realize That is a democracy, right? There are different versions of democracy. There's direct democracy, which you Be impossible Whew every issue. We all vote on all 300 million of us. Yeah And. that there's representative democracy, which is what we have a republic Yeah. People think those That one don don't Know.


Why? That one gets you Dove. You ever Wondery like I? Guess you're not, you're not as triggered as me in comments, right? won I. don, look at them. And. it don't mean ours, but like if you look at other You, You, just don't look at comments. Period. No. If you see a post you like, you won't look at any of the comments. know, Trying to think. No, There's just a handful. That irk me to No. End Yeah and don don't Know. Why That one I think it's cause it has the, the, the air of intelligence. Like I'm correcting You. we don't live and ad democracy. and the wrong is. So I guess won. Someone is policing someone. It was self interesting a little bit again, you Really. Really don't like That. I don't like That. You Dove not like That. And that I craft a response to try to explain to them, That, there are multiple versions of democracy Yeah.


and that I go, what am I doing? They don't care. and that why would I Dove That And that I. Yeah. But I Really hate reading. That. We. That's funny. 'cause I think That 'cause self-righteousness is your big trigger. don don't wanna say hang up, but Yeah trigger Yeah, which is only I. Think like a millimeter away from hypocrisy. They're very similar. I think they're in this, they're on the same spectrum for sure. Yes. Yeah And. Hypocrisy is my trigger. That's huge for me. Yeah I cannot again, like stand It Again. won We. Talk about Cosby, which weirdly enough we did. and ad Gladwell episode, this episode Yeah He did. It shouldn't be the thing. That angers me the most.


Obviously what should anger me the most is these poor victims. What He did? Yeah And That does anger me Yeah. But it's the him shaming all these other people in public with Liz self-righteous morality. Yeah, That, I, That one to me. Just, it burns extra hot for Me. I know, which is funny cause it think Malcolm had a He, had a cool generous And cool explanation for That. That I think is correct. Yeah. I Dove think won. won. People are behaving in in such depraved ways. You They. Dove. Compartmentalize or rationalize, but also I Dove Deeply. Think maybe want for something better like They.


know Yeah He Subconsciously. It's weird. I'm not on a limb there Yeah, but I'm guessing He. That is clearly a big, dark cancerous, secret running and ad background of Liz life. Exactly Exactly. Even if He thought somehow He wasn, right? which I bet He didn't. Even if He thought He wasn, right? He knew everyone else. Didn't think. That. wasn Wasn, right? Exactly. And. It's like a compulsion I think to keep going forward. Speaking of I told You a crazy story yesterday about my friend, Oh my God. Yes, Which is a similar thing my friend She said. I could talk about It. She did. Okay great. My friend Whew is lovely.


And Yeah. I wanna gives unbiased feedback. Yeah, she's your friend. Yeah I adore her. Yeah, you've met her while she's got a great big personality. She's a very hard worker. She's ambitious. And smart. She I. Very shiny and And competent. Very, She's a very, very loyal, she's a good girl friend. She is She. Really. Really is, she's very special. But She is single. And has been dating for a long time and has never found this person. But she's out there like She. Really puts her. She's pound and ad pavement. She is and I Really. Respect. It. 'cause she's like, you know what I want. I want a partner. Yeah. And. I'm gonna find one. Yeah. and she's been on so many horrible days. and She met this guy.


Canva. I. Add too. She's got a great sense of humor. Yes, she's the perfect person for a lot of horrible dates. Yeah And ad Way. Yeah. She handles it all with like gray. And keeps it moving. and Yeah, Exactly, Yeah, She, I. Know. She's indomitable. She Is, she's never like taken out by any of it. Like She, I, right? She is not sitting around self ping Yeah. It's pretty admirable. But She fell in love with this guy. They had a long distance, like long relationship A year. You said Yeah and like It started off a little casual And that became more serious. More serious. And visited each other. Many times. this person met her family. wasn planning on coming for Thanksgiving to her families.


He came there and He met a bunch of friends. I wasn outta town. Whew. That's a bummer. I would. Yeah. I. Know, I. you know, cause it Wondery. If I would've Probably not. Probably like the sociopath, we wouldn't know. I Also won She. wasn first telling us about him. Or not first, but won It. wasn. Like Really getting serious. She said I love. you know, She told him She loved him. and Yeah and He said, You know He re reciprocated. She has a group of friends. That said That. We. Very skeptical. Yeah, And. cause She is a very trusting person. And so won. She told our group of friends this I was like No. It's, it's good. Like I chose to believe Yeah. You chose to believe Yeah. You chose Hope. I did. and She wasn just so happy.


Yeah And it. Really wanted That for her. Anyway, fast forward lots of things. He has a wife, And three children. And. How did We, how wasn this discovered? Oh, it's such a story. But anyway, her, one of her You know. So her friends started doing some sleuth thing. And They. We Really. On top of it. And They found the wife's Facebook page. Oh man, Yeah. So anyway, it's so I. Wanna own how arbitrary my set of disgust is Same, same. By the way, it is So arbitrary. Like if I hear someone's having an affair, two people are having an affair. I'm like Yeah. 50% of relationships have affairs.


Oh, No. Universally reviled, universally practiced. We. Know people. Whew had We have friend. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. So You, Know, I wasn an open relationship. Yet the deception of the unwitting single person. Whew doesn't know. don, don't Know. Why That feels so extra to me. Same It doesn't make sense. Like anyone else, any anyone's at home with kids was like, We. No. How about the wife And the kids That. which of course Yes I know. I'm saying this is, this is a paradox. I, don't Know. Why this is so angering to me. For me it's more, the disgust isn't different. It's the shock is different. It's how Canva this person be lying this deeply to two sets.


That's Whew. I'm like That like lends itself to more of a pathology. cause you are Really having to keep track of so many lies. and most affairs, at least one member knows what's going on. Yes, Yes, And, they're complacent. Or they're like We, We. What's what's interesting is I Wondery what the percentage was. like Mya assumptions, always people are having an affairs are going like, know They, meet And. They go, I'm married. And, And, They, fall, Yeah. you know, whatever happens. but Yeah maybe. Maybe it's a Hi percentage. It could of people, Whew are cheating. Don't tell the other person they're married or They. Have a girlfriend. don don't know. I'm don. I'm curious. Yeah, I'm curious Too. cause it agree. So there's like this weird I.


I mean this oversized reaction to That aspect of It, which is interesting. Obviously it is so cruel to keep something from your wife, And Wife, husband, And children like awful. But there is something about letting a single person believe That. They're taking a pa, a journey leading somewhere, Leading to a, a marriage Yeah, which Whew knows if there's No discovery, Whew, this would've ended up Exactly. Certainly we see docs all the time. Whew, a guy does have multiple wives and multiple sets of children. Yes, Thank God it ended know, but, but Yeah like it.


It feels like what a waste of her time. It's so unfair. Yes. But anyway, She is handling It. So We And of course. cause she's incredible. First thing She said. wasn like how could you Dove this to your family? Like, that's her reaction. Yes Yes. Yes. But She also. and like you Know She said She. wasn like I, She wasn. Like people have affairs. there are people in her life who've had them. Whew, She loves. She was like, that's not She doesn't think terrible people. That's not the thing. Yeah. She's like, that's not this She wasn. Like, this is so different. Yeah won I, wasn wa have You started That. Lacey Peterson. Oh. yeah, on That. Three Part Yeah on two thirds of the way through maybe Yeah, but in That.


So He killed her for another woman. And. Even the people think the, the episode's entitled, I'm Not a Mistress. So the woman That, He. wasn doing That for She. Didn't know He. wasn married She didn't Know She. wasn a mistress. Yeah. That's what makes me think I Wondery. If it's more common than Yeah, It Might be. It probably is. But also a lot of people Really don't think He did. It. FY I. Oh, Really. Yeah Oh. yeah. He's claims Liz Innocence still And He is been in jail for a Really long time. Oh, Really, Yes And. Ana And it have had some fights about this. 'cause she's like, He didn't Dove it. Oh wow. and She watched. There's so, there's th Netflix one And.


There's also a Hulu one Competing And. it guess the Hulu one Takes a different Is a much is much different. This scares me. I don't like this cause We I watch a Zocdoc. You know, I Like to believe That I wasn watching the news. But I need to remember, I'm watching a film Exactly That's been edited. And written Yeah, someone's point of view. Have you ever had an experience, I maybe have said this once before on this, but have you ever had an experience watching a Zocdoc Whew You? Actually You knew a lot about it. and you knew It wasn completely. Misrepresentative. Oh, No. Cause it had a single one. That kind of shattered my whole confidence in documentaries in general. which one? and ad way That doing press myself.


And reading things wrong, kind of wasn like, oh, stuff's wrong all the time. In and ad newspaper Whew killed the electric car. Oh, which wasn this documentary suggesting That there, wasn a kind of conspiracy. That Jam had this electric car, the EV one, And That They You know intentionally killed it. Even though people wanted it And, it would've been a best seller. And, blah, blah, blah. And, petrochemical, You, Know, all this big conspiracy And that the smoking gun And. Again, if I wasn and ad audience, I'd be like, Yeah, duh. This smoking gun is They. Get this spy footage of a a parking lot of ev ones. That. They're taking into a crusher.


Oh, And destroying them. Okay. So That very much seems like, oh, clearly there's a conspiracy. They're trying to destroy the cars. Right? We I worked for GM for 14 years. Yeah And. it drove cars to the Crusher. Yeah They Crush Cars, right? They crush all their cars. They. They have a set of cars. That They loan out to people, to journalists, to Dove testing for quarter mile times. And track times. And at the end of That, period. That, they've had the car out for testing. They, can't Really sell it. 'cause They would take on all this liability. What if something went wrong in one of the tests? They sell a car to You and the brakes go out. Yeah and that you die. Yeah. So they're and ad situation, Whew, They Canva either try to create some liability free sale of this car, or They.


Chuck It up to a marketing expense. They destroy It. And They get a full tax credit for the value of the car. it was a very easy decision if you're a corporation, you Know, but I, wish They could, gives It to people. Whew need cars. You know, I wish our society wasn't so fucking litigious. Yeah That. It's such a liability to gives people free cars. They Should be able, You should be able to sign away the liability if someone wants a free car. Yes We did, gives one by the way there. wasn. I. Remember we We on a car show in Wisconsin? And, whenever we would have car shows, we would send tons of these 15 passenger vans so we could transport all the journalists around And it wasn won a woman in Ohio or somewhere and ad Midwest had like six kids.


and it wasn all over the news. Maybe eight. It wasn't Tum Okay, but it wasn one of these Really famous cases. hold for clarify, And it wasn decided at That show. Let's gives her one of these passenger vans. Yeah And. Somehow They did, gives That family. Someone from den drove That van over And delivered it to their house. Yeah. That's should Be anyways, all That to say Okay. If I wasn watching it, I'd be like, what could be more incriminating than they're making these cars disappear. They're grinding them up. So No one Canva, find them Yeah. But I'm like, oh, right. If You Know That, Yeah, Side note, Yeah The funnest thing. and ad World won I. wasn 16 period. wasn won. I had to take a car to the crusher. Yeah, cause I'd have to take it from our shop. And. Troy down to Whew. They crushed them.


and They We won. Get crushed. So it didn't matter what I did to them. So Aaron And, it would, oh, that's fun. We would take turns driving these cars to the crushers. And. We will Be on the highway and ad Corvette going like 70. and We would force it into first gear. Oh my God. With the clutch and And that drop the clutch and that the back wheels. Oh my God, my God. We would drive, drive down dirt roads, And swerve into things. Oh, I mean We, oh my God. And, we, we went nuts. cause We cause it didn't matter. We, We, We, your Lives Matter. We. But we We made it I. it was shockingly, But won. You're 16. If someone gives you a brand new Corvette and says, You, go, go drive it. it was last six miles of, it was life. Dove, whatever you want. Holy smokes boys.


It's a grand theft Auto before Grand Theft Auto. Oh my God. did you I think, think I Under, did you shoot? did you go to get a prostitute and like, shoot people. I killed a couple people. Yeah. By the way, I think I Know. What That reference means. I. don know That. Grand Theft Auto. But I haven't played it. But I think You trash. You steal cars and trash them. You Steal cars. And. You meet prostitutes and I. Dove. Think You kill people. Oh, Okay, that's all. I. Know. Sex workers. Not against sex. Sex. No don, Nothing against sex workers. I'm in favor of sex work. Yeah Dude. They, Canva, Dove, whatever. I. don, you know why I'm in favor? I said I'm in favor of sex work. But I think we're in favor of sex workers. Exactly, Yeah, I, Yes. Like whatever people, I can't judge. No. Anyway, No. I haven't seen a Zocdoc.


I. Don't think That I back this wasn Exposed, ding, ding, ding ties in. Like, that's what's interesting about this gentleman. Yeah. cause go see a sex worker. You know? But that's not, It wasn't, That wasn't why He wanted to build another life with somebody. He got off on this somehow. Yeah like you Yeah. It's crazy. Any Whew. So That, wasn. Crazy. But That, that's like Documentaries. We co We. We. Talking about Cosby And. Deception. Yes. And hypocrisy. And hypocrisy. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. That's, that's wild out there. And. that I'm a hypocrite. You know, We, We all Dove things. And. It's the side of myself. I hate the most You know Yeah.


But are you a hypocrite? cause it also think you have a lot of compassion towards people. And mistakes. So I, don't think you're a hypocrite. We. I. Don't think I am super self-righteous, right? Hopefully I don't think so. No, but like definitely. But I have, I would say a hypocrite. Someone who's got like an expressed set of morals. That, They, violate, No, And, That, I, Dove, You know, like I think all of us Dove was Like, but we all make mis. But that's to me, making mistakes as opposed to, it's one thing if you make a, to me hypocrisy is if you have an expressed set of morals, you Dove something against That Yeah.


But that you're out still parading That, moral Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I often think if you realize like, oh fuck, this is actually har. This is a hard moral Yeah to keep or like to, it's harder than I thought. Yeah I. Don't think you parade around. Like Maybe hypocrisy is not the word. C. Contradictions, Sure. We all Dove That, Yeah Yeah I have some belief yet I Dove some action. Yeah That doesn't Really support That Yeah Or isn't in concert with it. Like I Canva, let's just say this. I Canva list many things. That, I, amoral on Yeah. Like my involvement and ad environmental crisis is not great.


you know, it's not good. I eat a ton of cows. Know, ethically I don't feel great about, you know, like That know Yeah. I'm participating in things, you know, intellectually are not the best. Yeah For sure. Saying are morally or not the best thing. Yeah And it. Just plow through it. Yeah, you know, And it ha I. Have to have some priority list of the things I'm, I'm most interested in servicing Yeah and that other things. I. I. Just ignore Yeah. Yeah We. We can't Dove it all. No. Unfortunately. The good place. Speaking of the Good place, Kristen's new show comes out tomorrow. By the time this comes out, we'll have already been out. Yeah And. Hopefully you guys watched it. 'cause it's Great. I'm hoping for them. That. it was.


It does We it. It Will I feel like it's gonna be a real enormous show. Yeah I. Dove too. Yeah I. Dove too. Very exciting. I did have a question I wanted to ask. That. I Dove think is important. Okay, Dove. You get under the covers in your clothes At nighttime Or anytime, like if you go into your bed, right? Know to like Dove work or something. Are you comfortable getting under the covers in your, in your day clothes? Not Really, Okay. Th this will only happen Whew. Like I. Lay down We I. Lay down in my clothes all the time on my bed to Dove research Yeah. Occasionally I'll lay down to take a nap and I, don't I, just have my clothes on, Know on top.


But that I'll get a little chilly and ad nap and I'll pull It over like just my upper torso. Okay. But, so you're not very comfortable. but Yeah, You don't Like That. Feels a little weird. How about you? I? Guess this is hypocrisy. Ding, ding, ding. Okay, I. Think it's probably gross, but I, Dove, It Yeah Yeah We Yeah. What Is gross? cause it like Getting close. I. Think I think people are a little I. Think people are overwhelmed with gross Yeah. Like people, anytime we have a guest, That has their feet on the couch. People are Apple apoplectic about it. And And. There's another thing. I resist writing. Like I wanna write That. It is, is still a democracy.


Sure. If, if someone wasn gonna do eat their lunch off of the couch, at some point, Yeah potentially problematic. Someone's gonna lay their bare face down on That cushion. Maybe a problem. Never gonna happen in and ad attic. Wow. So I, don't Really know what everyone's worried about. Secondly, the germs you're afraid of are not the right germs. Yeah, They. I've seen 1,000,020 twenties on this And Evening news is you Canva walk around a subway with your feet. You're not gonna do the, the dangers in your life are in your kitchen sink. Definitely. They're all in your kitchen sink and they're on your countertops. Whew. You had chicken and you had e coli.


And, probably your toilet too, but not as nearly as bad as your kitchen. All this, all the salmonella is a, all the, the actual harmful Yeah or mostly foodborne illnesses. Yeah, they're not, you're not getting eco You, Know, cholera from your shoes, from the subway, Yeah. It's just not what's happening. Yeah. So it's just also a misplaced Yeah. know if you saw a picture of someone's kitchen freak, go ahead. And freak out. 'cause that's a, that's a minefield. Yeah of bacteria. We have this new coffee table that's very nice. And. It's longer than our other one. So And actually wasn in this episode with Malcolm. It wasn the first time I realized like, oh, I, Canva put my feet up.


'cause I couldn't won. We had the shorter one. Yes. So I did That and ad episode And. it thought, I did think, oh, I Wondery. If people are gonna be freaked out by this, They're gonna be mad. Yeah Yeah. But I, I'm gonna keep doing It Yeah. And you're not gonna do Eat a Bear sandwich off of there. I'm not. Even if we have lunch there, you'll have a plate or a, a nice p bit of wax paper. and so Okay, so You got in with your pants on, right? and so your pants had collected God knows what out and ad Planet Yeah. and Know, that's, that's, that's rubbing off on the bottom of your duvet cover. So that the next night you're gonna go bear. You're gonna raw dog it Yeah And. Your legs are gonna be exposed to what the gene You.


you know, Yeah, it's not like it's your mouth and your nose. I don't even know what the Big deal is. it was sure. cause it don't sleep nude. Right? Maybe if I slept nude, What will Be a little more germ a phobic. Also the odds of the germs penetrating your skin. And getting into your actual system. I mean the only real way and ad body is your mouth. And your nose. We. It could get in my vagina. That's an orifice. You know, That's I a good point. If I slept nude. If You slept nude, that's An option. That's True. And, your But Don don't. and your anus. Let's be honest. Yeah Yeah, although What will Be hard to get and ad anus cause my butt Itch cheeks.


You'd itch. But you could itch your butt while you We asleep on accident with the sheet. You could use the sheet to, to scratch your butt hold. Oh, it And that Your jeans, you had sat somewhere. But again, what are the pathogens on a seat? is is just Yeah. It's is is your food guys. it was your, you, you watch those right? Whew. They have Yes. Ew. Black light. Unfortunately it's always a woman. I've never seen a man Dove this. But They tell the the mom like cook cook chicken and ad kitchen. and we're re gonna it that we're gonna do blacklight it. you know. So she's on her best behavior. It's Everywhere. It's everywhere. It's on the poles of the cabinets. I know, know It's on the handle of the fridge. It's on the sink. it was, it's Even won. You're trying not to Won. She. wasn trying her hardest. I don't Know. What to Dove about That.


So If you're worried about germ, don't go to your end of your kitchen. But wear are your pants in bed. Put your shoes on the couch. It's your butt with your sheets. It was scratchy. Scratchy scratch. I have way too personal of a thing. But it's I. Know. I would tell You and I don't know if I would tell America The world Yeah. Oh my god. It must be so, wow. Okay. I'm gonna back up with a story before this story. Okay. is this a brand new thing? You've, you're saying Oh. yeah. My last colonoscopy. You Know You Dove the cleanse off to a good start. Okay My last colonoscopy. You Canva have either like clear broth, You can't Really eat any food.


Yeah. So my hack for That wasn And You may recall this is olive oil was like Yeah. I want calorie still And olive oil is so good for you. Oh, so what I wasn doing won I. wasn hungry all day is I wasn drinking little glasses of olive oil. Oh my God. Okay During my cleanse, my cleanup before the colonoscopy. Yeah And We I wasn going duty. Hello wasn. It wasn olive oil wasn coming down on my butt. Oily Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like straight olive oil. Like I would, I would wipe I would wipe And there wasn crystal clear olive oil. Oh my God. On the toilet paper. Okay Was like the blockbuster guy. What? It wasn like the blockbuster guy. An armchair. Aon That wasn leaking from the Wendy's Chili.


Oh. yeah. Oh. yeah. Oh my God. Forgot God. God. He the He's chili. O. So I tried a new brand of bars yesterday. Oh. yeah. And there. Magic Whew. Fuck there. Magic there. 28 grams of protein. And only 150 calories. Whew. That's almost impossible. Yeah. A gram of protein's. Four calories. So you're at one 20. Huh? Virtually one 20. Somehow the remaining 30 makes it taste delicious. Really. They're delicious. Wow. So I had two of them back to back. Uhoh And this morning during my time alone. You're evac My evac.


Yeah. I did a little wipey And it wasn the same. Oh, so it like it wasn a Lot of olive oil. I wasn. Like my first thought from muscle memory. wasn. Like, did I drink a few ounces of olive oil yesterday? Wow. I have an inordinate amount in my coffee. No. The only thing new in my life We these two bars. Interesting. So I think it has some kind of an oil I. Don't Know. If You re Dove You remember won They invented I. Think it wasn called Ole Yes. Oleo Yes and It wasn all over the news. And. You We won. Be able to eat potato chips with virtually No calories. Yeah. cause the oil molecule wasn too big to be absorbed by your stomach. And. it would pass through That wasn during the non-fat craze Yes and people We blowing out toilets all over America.


Yes They needed like a bag of Laise or Doritos or whatever. And that just blast oil everywhere. Yes. I. Remember this? I think maybe these have That. Oh, some kind of oil That can't be absorbed and passed through I. Don't know That. That's good. I know. and that They looked and ad toilet. Oh god. And there We some You. Know won. You see oil and water? Yeah And. It like balls up into pretty little globs. Yeah. Oh, don Losing everyone aren't I. No. It wasn. All Like That there wasn some oil there. wasn some oil. Wow. Know And. So know I'm Really. Trying to decide if that's an acceptable part of these bars. Maybe. Fuck We. They're delicious. won. If it was Olive oil, it might be fine.


It's depending. We, it's gonna be the specific oil. It wouldn't be olive oil 'cause they'd be way more caloric. Oh right. It's gotta be an oil That somehow. That is not. I'm gonna call, you know this person, Whew created these And. I'm gonna have a talk with them. Today. Oh God. Are You curious to try these bars? And. Dove. This experience won. I. wasn. I'm not anymore. You're not anymore. I. I don't. You don't like oil I love olive oil. But I am. I'm Really not into things. That aren't natural. Right? Like I, Really I don't like protein shakes. Right? I don't like I. Don't like any of That. Yeah. I want it to be a real food.


Yeah. Sure. That's fair. Yeah. But that's a bummer. 'cause I am trying to get more protein. cause I'm getting so strong. I mean What will Be my preference too. But for me to hit That goal, I'd have to eat so many chicken breasts and ad day. I, Yeah, I just can't. I can't eat That much. We, you're eating a lot Of protein. That's why I tip my hat to these bodybuilders. 'cause They are eating. They're eating like nine chicken breasts a day. And all That. I. I can't Dove. It. No. I need it. I need It. But right there, I have a shake right there. Yeah. This is 60 grams. I Mean there's nothing wrong with them. People love them and they're gr they're fine. and you Know I Know. You already Know this. It's not like some synthetic molecule. They've even created Yeah.


It's from Whe Yeah. you know Yeah I know I. Just, there's something about It That get Turns off. I. don Know. I I. I agree with That for the most part, Yeah, the more food you're eating in it was original form I. Think the better you're gonna be off Yeah I. Think so too. Yeah I didn't think That wasn as gross as I Okay. Honestly, I thought I have more details. I'm gonna tell you off Air Okay great. That are we'll Tip It there. Okay. Yeah. cause it thought the way You prefaced it. I thought you We won. Say after the colonoscopy. And You We like wiping. and it wasn just pure oil. Yeah That You like reused it Like oil to pan with the Yeah toilet. Wow. What will Be.


Intense Yeah. That's Whew. Your mind went Yeah. You're a globe. You're a gremlin. We. You said it wasn so bad. Yeah. So We I left out some details. But I'll tell you, Okay Yeah I. Look forward to That. Okay. Some facts for Malcolm. What a just First of all, My God, I, just enjoy him so much. I just love him. You know, I Love him. We're We're so He makes me Giddy. Yeah I kind of met in love with him. Yeah. I. Guess like, but You get butterflies. Yeah Yeah. He. He. Like He, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. What females Dove you have That for? Oh, That's a good question. I Canva.


Think of a few people for me. I'm sure I, Dove, I Like I feel That way about Huey. Oh wow. Yeah. I. Feel That way about Malcolm I. Feel That way about Jedediah Jenkins. Mm like won. I. Sit down with him. I know He is gonna say things to me and ad way. That's pretty unique and gonna be Really Interesting. And refreshing. Yeah. And. So the novelty And the dopamine of like anticipation of what thing they're gonna say. Yeah to me, mirror is falling in love. It's like That novelty. Totally Dopamine feeling. Yeah interesting. Polar Oh. yeah, there We go.


Probably Yes. Yeah. But it's hard to know if it's Crushy or if it's like, cause I'm also intimidated by her. But I guess that's all sort of part of it. Yeah won you like somebody want I you. You're, you're half deciding whether They like you or not. Yes, you're evaluating That Yeah. That's part of the Z of it. Totally Yeah the Stake. There's stakes to it. Okay. We found one. We're like, I'm sure anytime she'd call you on the phone, you'd get a race of like Excitement. Endorphins, Yeah, definitely. She's never called me. Okay. We. Yeah. Call me, call me I. Kind of have it with Anna. Yeah Like I, Really, Yeah, I. Just enjoy her so much. Yep.


Like I would never have said it. wasn like Crushy or butterfly. I. Don't think it's butterfly. But I am always excited to be around her. I. Feel That way about her too. Yeah. She has a She is very infectious. She's very infectious. She has this, She has this incredible dichotomy of being very innocent. And childlike. And also very tough. and Streetwise. Yes. Yes, And. She's making both things work Yeah at the same time. and it's Really fun. She's strong. Yeah. She's very strong. And. Also very flexible. Yeah. It's hard to be both. Oof. Teach me pretty Hard to be both Yeah. Seriously. I. Know. How to be Strong. I know I'm working on flexibility.


Yeah I. know I have two children to help me. I know. So flexible. Mm. That's something we could talk about. Sure. We are at an hour. But go ahead. Oh gee. Time flies. I know. We. Know Canva. Table It. You wanna table it for next time? Sure. Okay. So did David Lynch. Producer direct the R Cru documentary No. So It wasn it wasn by Terry's wig off Z, wig off. Liz Z. Woff Liz. Woff. Okay. Terry's Woff. He directed it right? Yes. It said the film is presented by David Lynch, though He had No actual involvement in making the film. There we go. I knew there wasn some connection to him. Yes. So We. But Terry, ZY.


Z Woff He. that went on to Dove. Ghost World. I. Think. Oh, And that. A ton of narratives. I. Oh cool. He might have started with That. Okay. He. By the way, one of my highest recommend docs of all Time. You recommended it to me. It's incredible. It's an incredible documentary. I. Yeah. it was I. Put it up there with American movie also. Yeah. That's my all time favorite documentary. Yeah. In case anyone's interested, Harvard Does have the most varsity sports teams of any college and ad United States. Does it say the number 42 teams. 42 teams. 21 Men's sports. 21 Women's Sports. And. One Co-Ed. Wow. Yeah. That wasn. Fascinating Yeah. What a reveal. Huh? Okay Soul wasn. The home of the 1988 Summer Olympics.


He. wasn. Right about That. Okay know I tend to trust him a lot. Know too much. I know. I only checked the ones. That. He. wasn. Like maybe like He himself said I think or maybe right, other than That. I just trusted Him. Yeah. We trust him. He's a trusted brand. Big time. Yeah. Big time Book Soup is the store. The bookshop on Sunset. He got That right too. Okay Went into a Barnes and Nobles on the weekend. You Did Yeah. I. It had been a decade or more. I. Know. And. you know what's fun is It used to be reviled cause it wasn like taking out mom And Pop book shops.


It is so funny. Yeah at this point, And Know. It's like You should go to Barnes And Noble And buy real books. You know, Yeah, you're right. Borders. wasn ruining Yeah. Mom and Pops And. But I, wasn Barnes, And Noble, love Barnes. and and. But you know, that's my fantasy date. you Know, I like borders. I, Know. I. Th That's You being a contrarian. It's not Yes. It is I. Think you like Coffee Bean And Tea leaf. But No Barnes and Nobles like coffee bean, And, tea leaves, No, Starbucks, No Yes. Borderers is Starbucks. You, you're Wrong. And in fact, They had Starbucks in them. You are wrong. Starbucks is in Barnes. And Noble. Trust me. I. Know. This I used Anthony And. it used to go all the Time. And. They might have been in both borders and Barnes. And Noble. Let's agree on That. Maybe They took over.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I. Don't know enough about borders. So I can't speak on That, but I Dove know about Barnes and Noble. Yeah and I know about Starbuckses are in there. cause this is what I. Dove. I go I. Get a hot chocolate from the Starbucks and that I walk around, And it, look at books. Yeah. And it. Buy a couple books. And it. Really probably don't read them. Yep. Right. Yeah And that. That's my thing. Yeah Anthony And it used to won. We lived over by the grove. We'd walk over all the time on like Friday night and, and That and it wasn. So fun. Yeah. and you know, my dream fantasy date oh is to Will Be suitors. Take note. Take Note. Probably go to a movie. 'cause there's normally a movie theater nearby. Barn and Noble Yeah.


Go to a movie and that dinner and that after That We go to Barnes And Noble. and we get hot chocolates. Close the date at Barnes And. Nobles Yeah. It's a nighttime thing. You get hot chocolates and that you, you know, walk around. But You pick out a book for the other person. Oh, Isn't That fun? Yeah And. So You get That from someone. Or I'm sure I did Okay. You got such a specific fantasy. That. It feels like Yeah Cause that there's presence involved. But there's a And picking out and thoughtfulness. Receiving thoughtfulness. Yeah and You get to know about a person. Yeah. cause it's the book That. They. Like probably What you would get me.


The history of Hermas And it don get You. The history of the internal combustion engine. Probably. History Of a small black Chevy View. No. What would You gives? What? What? What book? One book That. You would buy for a per a person. You We also like cording. Mm. Good question. know, am I trying to buy a book? That. I have surmised. They would like And and haven't read. Or am I trying to show them something that's important to me. Yeah and ad worldview way. That. I. Think They would like I. Think it's both I. Think it's, that's all kind of the same thing. I. Almost think you're better off doing the latter cause Whew are you to say what They would would Like.


They would like Yeah. I would probably Dove under the banner of heaven. Mm. Great. Pick Or catcher and ad rye. If They haven't read it. Also, great pick What. will Be yours. cause What will Be too extreme I. Think They will. Be worried about me Okay that. Maybe that's third day. Like so That I wouldn't buy them my favorite book. What will Be. They'd be like, oh, this guy likes pooping and being drunk all the time. And violence. Right? Yeah. Okay. Even though I Dove, like all those things. You Dove. I gotta hide. That. I mean I. Assume everyone's read to Kill a Mockingbird. So I probably would skip That, but that's like my catcher and ad Ryland It is I mean. Truly. The best book I've read and ad last 10 years is tomorrow and Tomorrow.


And. Tomorrow the one I read over Christmas That I like could not ah Stop you like That more than all fours. I love all fours. But. Yes. And more than Yes Copperhead demon head cop. Yes Okay. This, this book had such an, was like Impact Yeah. So I would probably Dove That. Oh, That's a good, It's a good book. Really. Good book. Or maybe visit from the Goon Squad. What Is That? I've never Even heard of That. Oh, it's so good. It's by Jennifer Egan. And. She has another book called Candy House. That is more recent, but visit from the Goon Squad's probably 15 years old. And. It's all these little stories, but They intertwine the people intertwine and it's a, it's kind of dark and it's good.


It's great. It's a great book. Did you read What is the what? No? That's a great book. Is it a fiction or David No? Eggers. David Eggers. Oh, Eggers He also wrote. Yep. What's the other Really popular book? He wrote Rough, A Heartbreaking work of Segar and and genius Yes Yeah. I didn't read That I. Can't remember if I read That one or not. But what is the, what's Really a wild book? It's about the lost Boys of Sedan. Wow. It's wild. Oh. yeah. What is the, what means? God said to them, I Canva either gives you the cow And from the cow. You'll have milk, you'll have clothes, you'll have meat.


Or I. Canva gives you the answer to what? Whew. Whoa. And their people chose the cow. Got it. And. So what is, what is the, is the What is is Yeah. It was kind a cool Whew. I. Wanna read That? It's Really good. I'm gonna buy it. Is is a beautiful book. Not the topic. I would normally Right. Get into I. Love buying books. Yeah. You love buying them. Yeah. Yeah. They're colorful, they're unique. They to me, the promise of a book is, is so exciting to me. and the like, the adventure that's in there is so exciting. And it I love It. But that I just don't make the time anymore. There's another thing going on I think, which is this thing you Canva carry around is a world And You.


Canva enter the world. But you carry It places. It's Really interesting. It's like a safe way to explore other points of view to explore places. I. Guess that's like you Know your wanderlust. Yes. Yours Is, there's something in there for me with That. Yeah For sure. Books Are cool. Thinking gives not a Malcolm. Maybe I would gives a Malcolm book. You know What I probably would gives a Sedaris book. Oh, another also up there. Another great pick. And. A good filter. Yeah Exactly. Yeah Exactly. Oh, you said tens and tens of millions people, tens, And, tens of millions of people watched Miami Vice The series finale had 22 million viewers.


Tens, And tens. That's just barely. That's tens and tens. Tulane's gender ratio for the class of 2028. 63. Oh my God. 63% of students identified as female. 37% as male Okay. So Tulane, you know, it's so loud. Jesus. Last episode. wasn my truck. We would go, let people know how close my truck wasn, I, Know and Know. We're letting everyone know how close we are to tree Trimming. Unfortunately this sound, again, this sounds much closer than your car did. Yeah. So your car thing is becoming less And, less impressive. Yeah Okay. Speaking of Tulane, I, I wasn. Looking up the super spreaders, like what constitutes one Yeah in Tulane, Harvard.


M I T and mass gen. it was learned That. Obesity, age, And, COVID O I infection correlate with the propensity to breathe out more respiratory droplets. It's pretty gross. won. He gets into the description of what makes it happen. Yeah. cause it's Really won. If you 'cause He watched a A camera go in And, look at the vocal chords as You speak. and that come together and separate like Yeah. So fast. And, if you have sticky saliva, oh, it creates That thing, which that breaks and that creates the droplets. If you're super We hydrated, oh fuck. and it's not sticky. It. That. You're not a super spreader. So it's a, so this person at this conference, Whew infected 3 million people.


They had just flown. Oh like 18 hours from China. 20 hours. So They, We, dehydrated. Oh, They, We, And They probably already had some genetic predisposition for That. Kind of saliva. But it's grosser than you want it to be. Wow. It's like sticky. I wish. We Canva You. Check like Canva You. Check your own Don don't Know. If there there's a cat. They Should add That to 23. And Me They should a super spreader, Yeah Okay higher body mass index. and is part of it Being a super spreader? That's interesting. Yeah, Okay, Yeah. This is researchers found That. 18% of the human subjects accounted for 80% of the ex exhaled particles of the group.


Whoa. 80% We responsible for 80%. That's so Crazy. Okay the Jason Raz Really Really Really popular song is, I'm yours. How's That go? Yeah I. Don't wanna sing it. Come on. No hum it. We Canva. Play It actually. We Canva. We I. Don't think we Canva I. Don't think we Canva Dove any of it. So look it up. Rob. Canva. You sing it. Dove. You Know. How It goes. No Yes. You Dove No. I Really. Don't other than the part you just Sang. you know I know it 'cause you know, you know Liz Really popular song. So I'm don Frustrated. That. I. Can't get it. Fine. I'll play it. Okay. Yeah.


Okay. Anyway, that's it. That. wasn everything. Yeah. Malcolm Yeah. You're Malcolm. Doesn't sound like you're Welcome. Oh wow. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. You're Malcolm for Welcome. Yeah, It. Sure, sure does. I just love That. He revisits. Liz previ. He's not afraid to revisit some previous theists. Right. People. That's very admirable. Oh, ding, ding, ding. Hypocrisy. Contradiction. Yes and, and some PE people are so afraid of changing their mind. 'cause That would make them a hypocrite. Exactly. As opposed to someone who's just evolving. Evolving. Yeah, And, And. that could go back too. Totally. Maybe it will. Be more hopeful. Time And. He'll focus again. Yeah. Alright, I. Love you. Love You.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcaster. You Canva. Listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus and ad Wondery App Or on Apple podcaster. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


What's up guys? It's your girl. Kiki And. My podcaster is back with a new season And. Let me tell you. It is so good. and I'm diving into the brains of entertainment's. Best and brightest Okay. Every episode I, bring on a friend and have a real conversation. And it don't mean just friends. I mean the likes of Amy Poer, Kel Mitchell, Vivica Fox. The list goes on. and Know I have my own YouTube channel. So follow watch And, listen to baby. This is Kiki Palmer on the Wondery app or wherever. You, get your podcaster. Watch full episodes on YouTube. And you Canva. Listen to baby. This is Kiki Palmer early in ad free right now by joining Wondery And. Whew. My headphones. 'cause it was time to.