
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple. Podcasts Or. you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. Experts on Expert. I'm Dan. She and I'm joined by Monica Duchess of Duluth Padman. Hello. This was outrageously fun. So fun. We Have a pattern of these young singers come on and every time they're so much fun. It's a good group. Yeah, it is. She's young. Yeah. Oh, she doesn't qualify as a young, well, What do you say is young? What do you think is young? Anything under 40.


Oh, great. So I'm still young. Yeah. Whoa. You're a tiny little person. My God. Even when you're old as hell, you'll be young. Aw, that's nice. I hope So. Yeah, you're miniature. Yeah. Which Shaves off a decade at least. Yeah. But witches are miniature and they do age Well. They're old as fuck though. They're like four or 500 years old. That's true. That's true. And so in that way they look incredibly young. You're right. Maybe for the first 200 years they look 20. You're not calling me a a witch though. No, Me. Okay. You're calling yourself a witch, I think. I Don't remember. I think You're a witch because you're nasty. You're fucking nasty. you know, In a witchy way.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Well, I'll take, which is cool too. I'll take it. It's very punk rock to be a witch. I'll, I'll take it. Okay. Marin is a Grammy award winning singer and songwriter. Fucking the middle. We just, I don't know that we've ever, We loved that song Indu a song as much as the middle. Yeah. it was one of our songs on a trip, as you'll hear. Yes. And three great albums. Hero Girl, Humble Quest. And she has a new EP out right now called Intermission. And she helps us learn about the music industry, which is we have her as an expert to sort of teach us some stuff. Yes, absolutely. it was, I actually was quite fascinated by all the different things I learned about the music industry in this.


But I also wanna add, just for a tasty tidbit of nothing. Yeah. After the interview, we were chatting with her and as it turns out for anyone who heard the Huey episode where Huey Estes was on the fact check And, we were talking about country clubs. Country clubs. We got, we got into it, We got into it and you, your position was a little, your anti country club and I was like, well, truth be told, I am too. But I went and I have to say, I had a really great time, blah, blah, blah. Right? And she said, yeah, we're a member of a country club and and in Nashville. And it's not like stuffy. It's really cool, blah, blah, blah. And I'm like, this sounds a lot like you. So then I said, what's the name of the country club? She told me. Then I text Huey, he goes, that's our country club.


Yep. He goes, she's on a tennis team with my wife. Yes. She's been to my house. and I'm like, oh my God. you know Huey. And you know Hayes And you're on a tennis team with Hayes. The Slice girls. Slice girls. I was gonna say, what was the name? It had a great name. Great name. That was a weird ding, ding, ding. That was Encino's, Huey and Hay. The world is Small, it's tiny. Please enjoy Maren Morris.


We are sponsored by Audible. A great story can really spark your imagination. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. There's more to imagine when you listen. I live for Audible, as you know, every single night I'm listening to Audible before I go to bed and just slowly educating myself without any effort. Sometimes I like having it in paperback and listening to it at the same time. On Audible. Yeah. So I can go back and forth. I am currently listening to the entire works of Doki and it's gonna take me quite a bit of time to go through 'em all. and I Can't Wait. And as an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. New members can try Audible for free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500. 500.


We are supported by Macy's. Wanna hear two words that no longer have a place in my life? Uncomfortable pants. I've officially retired the stiffest pairs from my closet and practically live in active wear these days. If you're ready to upgrade your closet for fall, Macy's has you covered with an incredible selection of gear from top brands, including Nike, Adidas, Reebok, and more. Whether you wanna stand out at the gym or simply stay comfortable while running errands, Macy's has the perfect activewear to keep you looking stylish and feeling great. Shop now at macy's dot com.


He's in our, It would be embarrassing if it just started playing right now Or Cool. What song were you listening to? I Was listening to my church. Yeah, my church. Hard to get away. Away from my church. I love your Willy shirt. Oh, Thank. You. It's a nod to you, but more importantly it's a nod to the hi women. Oh, hell yeah. Have you had Brandy on the show ever In while? I haven't.


Okay. I'm trying to think of country guests We've had, we Haven't had too many who? Yes. We did a lot show. She's the queen. you know Martina? Yeah. She's a badie. A baddie. I like that. She's kind of, if you're in Nashville, she's like a good surrogate mother to everyone. Right? Yeah. She's really sweet, very mayoral. She and her husband are the mayors. Oh They are. It feels like that at events. I'm glad you had that right. 'cause I was like, does she mean maternal but no mayoral Mayor. They're mayor. They're the mayors Mayor. Mayoral. I like have never used that word before. I know. Only it's time to try it. You only say it when you're talking about a mayoral campaign, right? Candidate. Yeah. I guess he is. Not really country. But you had Teddy swims on recently. Yes. Teddy, Do you watch couples therapy?


But Yeah. Y'all had orna on. Oh my Jealous. My god. you Know. Yeah. I'm obsessed with her and her therapist Ornette herself, ah is very eccentric and gorgeous But like sexy. Yeah. So sexy. Yeah. Something alluring. Her voice, her cadence as she Speaks. She's so self-assured. She's just so quiet. I want her to be my therapist. I know. Same. Me too. But I would be too in love with her. I would be performing for her and trying totally to get her to like me. I'm glad you use sexy because we all too agree. There's some massive real sex appeal there. How many therapists do you think have had sex with their patients? The percentage. A lot. You Think a lot. Well, not percentage, but it's such an intimate relationship.


It is. And you get to know everyone's deepest, darkest. I don't think I could have a male therapist for that reason. Yeah. Because I would fall in love with him. Yeah. and I mean I'm bisexual. So actually both are bad. But if it's someone that's like attractive and I'm just spilling all my childhood trauma, you feel safe. Yeah. I'm like we're in a relationship And you are. So it's a little tricky. Yeah. And in fact, we're in a better relationship than I've ever been in. It's So healthy. They have boundaries. Yeah. They don't think of me when they go home. I was like, yeah, I love you. And they really have your best interest at heart because they only have to do that for an hour. Like everyone could be a perfect husband or wife or boyfriend or girlfriend for one hour a week. Oh My God. You could nail that. You Might have cracked the Code.


Yeah. Just be together for one hour a week. But over time and living with people and I clear my throat so much, however much you might like me, if you're on the outside, live with me for six mornings and hear what happens in the morning. Start up The spell breaks. I'm like an old car going, you know, wind me up and coughing and getting it going. And you'd be in there going like, it's not worth this. Yeah. The charm breaks after does it does the six morning and you're Just left with the cough. That's All you have. That's Intimacy though. It is. That's The sweet part. Yeah. Toots call, that's what what they say On double hunting. Everyone tries to be cool and like, oh you know, I'll free to kalo this thing and just live in a house next door to my partner.


Right. Connected by a bridge. But we're not sharing a bathroom. You go back to your place after we're done. They might have been onto something there for sure. Also, Diane von Furstenberg I think had a similar setup with the husband's Separate living situations. Yeah. Which is cool. I would've balked at that a while ago because I was doing a movie with a guy and he was telling me like, you don't live in the same room as your wife do you? And I was like, of course I do. Why did I get married? He was talking to me like I was insane. He's like, no, no. I sleep in another room for my wife. and I thought that was bonkers. I'm like, just don't be married. Does he snore? Was that the thing? It Always starts with the snoring. Yeah. That's the white lie. Exactly. Exactly. But I was very judgmental of it. But I have to say, my wife has been sleeping with our two girls at this point.


It just took over in the last year. She's been sleeping with them probably 80% of the nights. And at first I was like, this is nuts. I mean I just live by myself. But then I was like, this is awesome. I live by myself. So every night I get in bed and I'm like, watch whatever I want. I'm on my own little schedule. I gotta say I still love the daylights however, but I'm not in a huge hurry. So now that I've had that experience, fuck don. Don't know. Maybe a house next door is the way to go. But what have you done now in bed that you, I mean like A bad, I think keep it R but not X or Go ahead. Who Cares? No, you would think I went with self pleasuring and Stuff. Yeah, but I meant even more kinky. Like what are you doing in bed that you couldn't do when she was there?


Well, even though I clearly far in front of my wife. Right. It would be insane that I didn't, yeah, I do try to keep a lid on it if they're problematic. Sorry, just back Everywhere. That's good. That was my goal. Sweet Take. We want that. Always the fart culture that gets it And let be clear and very honest. If they're odorless, I don't care. Yeah, that's not a problem. But if they're rough, I'm not trying to put her through that. I'll get up and I'll walk to the balcony and I have a whole thing I do. I go out in away, out and away. 'cause I try to get it away From, it's so Shakespearean on the balcony. That's pretty entertaining for her 'cause she's just in bed watching me on the balcony and I'm going, you push it out and away because I don't wanna bring any back in. So when I'm by myself, not only am I making no effort to curb that, I'm probably trying.


Yeah. So. yeah, That's fair. There's like a Sex in the city episode about this where it was just like secret single behavior and it's what do you do when you're alone? And for me, don don't know if it's just an overactive imagination from a child, but I'll have full scenes with just myself. I'm my own scene partner. I'll do accents. I have a full like conversation with like an enemy in my head and I'll do it in bed by myself. Allowed? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I can now I'm divorced. So all day you're free to All night. But does your son ever hear mommy? Like who's mommy talking to in there? There sounds like a lot of people in there. What's That bad British accent of of the stairs? Who's mommy fighting with? Upstairs? Yeah, Just herself. Her own demons. Is there a theme that you're normally having fights about?


I mean it's always about me being right but I'm not very confrontational in real life. I am more so now like I know how to set a boundary with loved ones. and I was talking to someone the other day about don don't have enough for everyone to give 100%. I only have that percentage for my son, myself, a few close people around me, But, everyone else is gonna get like 70% me. Yeah, That's fair. That's A lot. Honestly, most days it probably should just be like 30% because I just learned I'm exhausted easily. and I can't do it that way anymore. I do A lot of, and this is so embarrassing, this is probably the most common for me. I imagine wanting to make a statement in public about an opinion I have.


Be it societal, political, whatever. And then I anticipate what the backlash Is. Are you like town crier in this? Oh scenario Bell. Wonderful archetype. Tell people about town crier. I just imagine you walking through these like cobblestone streets with the Bell and hear, hear you. And you have a statement to make to a mass audience. I can be even more specific. My main preoccupation is in, its such arrogance. I think I can craft a sentence that can bridge the divide between people. That's generally what I'm ruminating on. It's like I can point out to these people that their thing they feel passionate about is very identical to this other thing that these people feel passionate about. If you take away the particulars, in fact they're the identical arguments and if I point that out to them, you Can unify, They'll have some compassion, they're not gonna agree, but they'll at least go like I do know that feeling that is the base of my position.


And then I craft this perfect sentence that's going to heal the world. And then I wait for the backlash. So then I rewrite my initial sentence. Oh that's right. They're gonna outfox me on that and that'll just go on and on and on. And then I remember no one's gonna ever listen to anything I say or change their opinion. Yeah. Well What do you think is gonna happen when, 'cause I think it is possible to have compassion for something you don't agree with. But then what? So everyone has compassion but they still have their belief. Yes. I'm trying to take it out of the realm of emotion and ingroup outgroup and make it an intellectual disagreement. Like I said the other day, no one that's arguing for conte and philosophy against someone that's arguing for utilitarian philosophy, neither side's going that side's evil.


They're going like, don, don't agree with that. But I also don't think you're evil. That's like a pretty solid point of view. I just don't agree with it. My fantasy is that we could just move it out of this emotional identity driven zone where you're fighting to protect your identity and just have it more like two intellectuals debating two ideas and maybe disagreeing at the end. Do you think some of that is because you are worried like you protect the idea that there's no such thing as bad people a lot, which I agree with don. Don't know how you feel about that. It's so funny. I hate to always bring this back to like my new motherhood because I think when you are taking it back to like the sandbox argument where I'm watching my son on the playground and you are as a parent, like a hawk watching them but also letting it play out because you can't control everything and that's a good exercise.


But you see children their same age from different backgrounds, different homes, different parental styles, being little shits to your kid and you want to like step in and I only do when clearly he's not sticking up for himself or what have you. Or it's getting really bully mentality. But I think people are innately good, which is like a very hopeful thing to maybe realize about my belief system now. It starts so early, The small things, The cracks and the ridges of generational stuff. And so it's so apparent when you watch kids grow up and like start to have verbal skills and group mentality, bully mentality, peer pressure. It's very influential. And I've been influenced child to sometimes even now I'll be like, I always have to check biases, always have to check my behaviors because I think we all believe we're good people.


Exactly. Even people that have wild things to say, there's a person there. I agree. I think before I met Dax I would've said things are a little more black and white and there's more good and bad and I don't think that anymore after knowing you, I Also don't think people are good. I wanna say that I feel inclined to say, what's A better word? Well just, I don't think people are good or bad. I think they're innately generous to their family members that are carrying on their gene. I mean I just think biologically they are that to those people protective, you see great sacrifice for their ingroup. But I just think they're capable of all and I think anyone that thinks they're not a product of their household, that they would be the exact same way. Coming out of a different household is a little bonkers. And even your friendship group, I behave much differently.


Shocker here in Los Angeles than I did in Detroit and I could move somewhere else. and I bet. I have another whole transition left in me. Yeah, I think we adapt to our environment. We're survivalists at the end of the day. You don't wanna be lonely. So we go to extreme lengths to not feel loneliness. Everyone is potentially sway able in that way. Yeah. Great transition. Great segue into Arlington, Texas. This is in the trifecta of cities. The Dallas Fort Worth, Arlington The Metroplex. That Sounds like a cinema. I like that. Ooh, I love it. Phantom up the metroplex. I'm from there. I've lived in Nashville for 11 years so So it's home. But mom and dad did the cutest thing because they named their salon after their two daughters.


I think this is so sweet. The name of mom and dad's salon was Marin and Carson. Avita Salon. Aveda Aveda. My sister worked there. Did. So I learned That she did. Yeah. Oh. yeah. I grew up in an environment of a lot of talking, a lot of heart to hearts, a lot of goss. And were you ear to the street? Were you trying to hear all the hot stuff from Like six years old to I think I worked there as a receptionist until I was 18 or 19. And when did you start as a receptionist? I worked there for two or three years. I had the idea of walking in and greeting a 12-year-old, which would've been so Fun. Well I mean I was always there like at a school you sweep the hair and I'd sweep the hair, restock the shelves. Did you have crushes on some of the beauticians or hairstylists?


No, I mean they were all bat shit crazy. And I don't mean sexual. I mean it seems to me that there would be a lot of cool younger single women that seemed to be stylish and fun. And if I were a young girl I'd be like, oh Susie's kind of Awesome. Oh my gosh. Yeah. I idolize them in a way. The ones that would just go outside the alley of the break room and smoke cigarettes between clients, I'd be like, that's me someday. And they all have tattoos and like crazy haircuts. They're awesome in that way. But something's off for sure. and I just say that as like the daughter of one. It attracts a certain type. I'll say it. I actually love the type of same in show business, the hair and makeup teams that are in the trailers. There's a vibe. It's so many hours with someone for years if you have this rapport and clientele.


So my mom, some clients she's been doing for 35 years, she's done their hair at their own like wakes. That's crazy. Oh my Gosh. Oh that's a call to get. Yeah. But seasonal changes, moves, babies, all the stuff. I remember just knowing everything about everyone. They're not like shy about it. They're in the chair, they feel like they know this woman, my mother, and they're just spilling all of the teeth. It's the original podcast. It kind of is. Yeah. Oh my God. You're right. We Just talked about this on sync that apparently hairstylists, that's the happiest profession because you know, dentists are like The least, They're not very happy. The highest suicide rate It had to be said So to say.


it was just, Although we looked it up, And, that wasn't true. They're always in there. They're high. Yeah. But anyway, apparently hairstylists are on the opposite end. And this sort of makes sense. Community getting to know someone, making Someone feel beautiful too. They walk out with a new lease on life. If they walked in feeling like shit, that's really a powerful thing to be in control of for someone's day. You have purpose. Hundred Percent. Yeah. So I think there's a reason why we trust all of them. So innately You should listen to the Jeremy Renner episode, the way he spoke about this because he would do makeovers at the mall makeup. Oh No. Yes. it was like a highly skilled at a kiosk. Yes. Enc coveted makeup artist. And the way he would describe helping these women that came in feel their best was so sweet.


and I totally bought in. Do you think your mother had to ever fight the urge? Certainly. She had a client for years that was like, Gail, your hair would look so much better if it were short if you did bangs, blah blah. And they never, and then she gets the call for the wake and she's like, now's my chance. Oh no. To give her the haircut. I know. At least she's gotta go out with, She cuts bangs on her. Finally she, that's A bad example because it's a big swing. But you know, she might have always had a sense that she was framing her head wrong. Sure. And she's like, you deserve on your final resting Yeah. To go out looking beautiful. Yeah. A 10. She's had to fire clients Because it got too murky or they wouldn't accept her advice in the hairstyle department. No, I think just at the end of the day, it's customer service.


People are so particular about their hair. It's not like your food. It's the way you wake up in the morning. It could be determined by a bad hair day or good hair day. And she has had clients that are like very high maintenance. There's two or three I remember. And my dad works at the salon too, so he's the business portion and she does hair. I just remember he had to call someone one day and this lady was just hemming and hawing about how my mom's schedule is never open enough for her. And he finally was just like, Linda, whatever her name was, I cannot manufacture time for you. Okay. Which I thought was like a really good line. It is. It Is a good line. I Liked the boundary being set because yeah, customer is king, but also like respect people that are making you look good.


Okay. So maybe this is apocryphal, but you sang at one of the parties for the Salon karaoke and in that moment you're like, oh this is pretty great. They love this. I think I wanna do this. I think I always loved singing, but my parents would have these company Christmas parties with a karaoke machine. My mom loves karaoke. She's like one competitions for it. Oh Wow. I just loved, you know, I think I was going through my Wizard of Oz obsession at the time and singing Somewhere Over the Rainbow. I was supposed to be in bed 'cause it's at the house. She's having all her employees over and I just snuck down the stairs and put that on the karaoke jukebox and started singing. My parents still tell this story where they thought that it was an adult singing in the other room.


Oh. And they're like, I think that's your kid. And it was me. And so I think that was when the light bulb went off for them of like, oh my God, we had no idea. 'cause I was 10 or 11. It wasn't like four. That's kind of where it kicked off. And your dad got kind of real supportive in a hurry? Yeah, my dad managed me kind of up until I moved to Nashville. So I would tour through Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana. Any honky tonk or barbecue festival or chili Cookoff or like whatever needed live music. I would be the singing sensation at 14. What was the worst? 'cause I was in on the honky tonks. But when you said barbecue cookout, I was picturing outside a stage people are preoccupied with the barbecue smoke and I.


Remember doing improv at a festival and there was a rock band on the next stage and you couldn't hear us and there was five people. it was like probably my darkest moment as a performer. Did you have any that were just horrendous experiences where you were singing all by yourself and no one was watching? 'cause it was a barbecue festival. Most of them. Most of most of the shows. it was extremely character building. My mom has footage of me 'cause they'd bring the camcorder and set it on the tripod at the honky tonk or the chili Cookoff or whatever. She was like, I'm gonna film your performance so you can go back and watch the tape and criticize yourself. Finesse, Break bad habits, Work on your banter between songs. Maybe I'm like 15, but it's funny and obviously really triggering to watch those back now because I'm like, how did I continue having a love for performing And?


it kind of died when I moved to Nashville. I was having a full, like I wanna move here and just be a songwriter. I don't wanna be this like little kitty performer. I just wanna just start over kind of rebel. No, I'm never getting on stage again. I'm just gonna write songs for other artists on music Row as like a working songwriter, have a publishing deal and be behind the scenes and not have to tour travel. We had Shania Twain on and she talked a lot about being a kid and playing in bars and what a wild, now mind you, she was in like Northern Canada where there was a fight every night when she performed virtually. But what was it like being young and being around drunk adults?


It was strange. I think it was like that scene in Pinocchio where all the people get drunk and they turn into donkeys. That scene is terrifying. That's sort of like what I was seeing unfold. Yeah. 'cause it's very interesting to know adults all day and then see them acting like children at night is very weird. Yeah, I think it gave me, along with the stories I'd hear at the salon, a huge look into the lives of humans, the real lives and the drama and the relationships and the heartbreak and just the mania. So I think that's probably where my, again, overactive imagination kicked in for songwriting. Because I'm writing songs at like 16. I'm not dating boys because first off they're idiots and I Amm constantly around adults dating like a high school boy, You seem crazy.


He hasn't even seen a stabbing I know he's Never Seen anyone get hit in the hell with a liquor bottle. So Naive never even smelled Jagermeister. So like what are you gonna do? You Don't come home drinking like cigarettes ever. You know what's funny, the other day you can tell me if you don't want this in, but one of your kids came home from school and I was there and she said, oh so glad you're here. All these kids, she's back in school and she's like, I don't know how to talk to like she has out ground the kids her age because she's around adults a lot. She is surrounded by adults and she's like, this kid is doing this. And the thing is I do that but I Know, I do that. Yeah. And they don't, it was such an adult conversation she was having about like understanding herself and the world and she's just around adults and being around these kids her age is hard.


That's How I was. I mean that's girls too. We get it a little bit quicker. Well I think it is interesting when you're around a lot of adults it definitely affects the way you see people your age. Well Not to have a pity party for myself, but Yeah, I would go at this kid's house, you know, he and his grandpa had a coin collection. He had wallpaper of antique cars. His life was just so innocent I could see and like at my home there's an alcoholic raging in the household and I just was like, I can't even relate to how simple and naive and innocent this bedroom is. And the boy and I Guess there are pros and cons to both. It's not like a horrible thing to have to grow up fast. But it's also a sad thing to have to grow up fast. Well you have to be like cognizant too of grooming because I was 14 playing in bars and then this boy who was 18 started showing me attention and he had just graduated and I was like still a freshman and he was so into my music and showing me just a lot of inappropriate attention.


But I was like, I don't connect with boys my age so I must just be interested in adults. Yes. And obviously at the time I thought that was really cool. And then we hooked up and I just realized how young I actually was. You felt immediately freaked out, overwhelmed like this is too much. Yeah. And I realized I'm still a kid. Yeah. Like this isn't cool and it's totally fine. But now we have a lot more resources and communication and tools to talk about this sort of thing. And it was no one's fault. It wasn't even at a show. it was outside of school summer after freshman year. Now that I have my son who's four and a half, he's around adults a lot and he's on tour with me on the weeks that I have him. And now he's back in school.


But I just wanna be extremely aware of his surroundings. And it's like not stranger danger, but it's strange behavior. Ooh. That's the new, I like that. But you did put out your first self-release album at 15 years old and then you did another one at 17 years old. This is all before moving to Nashville. I was curious it Been scrubbed from the internet. Oh, oh. Well I was wondering if you personally, when you go back and listen to those, I would imagine it would be like reading your diary from that time. Yeah. Which I'm sure for most teenage girls was very cringe. But there's moments of course that I loved of that era of my life. I think it gave me a lot of experience. So by the time I did move to Nashville, I wasn't catching up.


I was like, I'm a road horn. Yeah. Badass. I don't blame my parents by any means because I think they were extremely supportive. But there were things I missed out on What I thought immediately. 'cause I'm egocentric is yeah, I could see this all happening with me and my daughter. If she loves something, I would be like, let's go and I'll help you do whatever. And then I imagine at some point you must have felt like, okay, I need to do this without you. I need to be an adult. and I don't really want to do it in front of you. Was there any growing pains with Dad having been so close during the initial stage of it all? I think the cord cutting was me moving to Nashville, And.


it wasn't just my dad, it was my mom too. They were like a management team almost. And so just the proximity separation was helpful. And then me really hitting the reset button. I remember I only knew like a couple of people in Nashville when I first moved there, but everything was truly ground up. I lived in like a shitty Craigslist house with two 20 somethings that I didn't know. Sight unseen. It's like condemned now. How Old were you when you moved There? 23. I would kind of like go to writing rounds and shows by myself and as like a sort of hermit, I really had to just get over it and just put myself out there and network. And so I didn't have like cards or anything, but I was like, Hey, if you're around next Tuesday, we should write like a complete stranger. And then eventually that became normal.


And then I think it was eight months to the day of me moving to Nashville, I got an offer from a publishing company and they were like, we wanna give you a publishing deal for four years. Wow. The money was not enough, but I made it work to live on and just ate ramen every night. Did the thing you're supposed to do, And. it took a few years to really find my songwriting voice, learning how to collaborate because Nashville is all about co-writing, not writing by yourself. and I love it. Now I can't write by myself. I love writing with my friends. I would write and try to like pitch songs to bigger artists. This is where I want your expertise. So I'm dying to know how that whole process works. It's so fascinating. So you get a four year contract, it has what? Some built in salary or yearly thing and then you do, They call it a draw.


So it's an advance against maybe what you'll make. Yeah. It's recoupable. So you do end up writing a song that Tim McGraw uses and you write a song that Kelly Clarkson sings. Yeah. So once that happens, how does the financials of that work? Do you get a fee for having written it and then you own some of the Yeah, the publishing. Okay. How does that all work? Teach about the music industry? Come on. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I feel like a Belmont professor. Honestly, I've never been that articulate. Talking about the deal points of these publishing deals and everything is so different now because it was 2013, 14 when I got my deal, iTunes was still king.


And radio, You know, people bought a song for 99 cents. Right? The label and the songwriters are making money and then streaming happened. And so if I were a songwriter in Nashville in the nineties and I had one song on that Shania Twain come on over album, which went diamond. Even if you didn't have a single on that album, even if you just had a deep cut, you would have made hundreds of thousands of dollars. Really? Perhaps even millions. Really? So because radio and you're buying albums, CDs at Walmart, The songwriter gets paid every time it plays on the radio. And every time obviously a CD is purchased. Yeah. And that's your ownership. You're splitting it with your co-writers, your publishers, taking whatever percentage y'all have worked out on the front end.


Nowadays with streaming, there's so many incredible organizations. NSAI and Nashville has been on Capitol Hill for a decade trying to work rec rectify this up. Yeah. With Spotify, apple, all of the DSPs to provide more shares for writers. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Echo Kids. Echo. Kids is a cute, smart speaker for Alexa made just for kids. Echo Kids automatically filters explicit songs. So kids are always ready for dance parties and singing and parents can rest easy knowing everything is kid friendly. By using voice commands, children can interact with the devices without a parent's help fostering a sense of responsibility and independence. Alexa can help kids develop by establishing healthy morning and bedtime routines complete with reminders for tasks like brushing teeth, packing school bags, or going to bed on time. I need those asap. Kevin. This is his Echo dot before bed every night. Does he puts on. He does. He'll ask to play fleet foxes or local natives and just listen to music all night. We have one of these in our house and my family loves it. We've got the super cute little owl design. It's so sweet. Plus purchase of the device comes with one year of Amazon kids plus a digital subscription designed for kids age three to 12. To safely learn and explore endless fun for kids. Peace of mind for parents. Shop the device now at amazon.com/ Echo. Kids.


We are supported by BetterHelp. Kids are always learning and growing, but as adults sometimes we lose that curiosity. That's why it's fun to take on a new hobby. Monica. It is. It is. Gardening For me this week. It's surfing. Yeah, you're right. Who knows what's Next. That's a big one. Therapy can help you reconnect with your sense of wonder because your back to school era can come at any age. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, convenient, flexible, and designed to fit into your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and if it's not the best fit for you, you can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. We love therapy. We Both benefited a ton from therapy. Yeah. And. we talk about it all the time on the show. We swear by it. Rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash dax to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp. HEL p.com/dax.


We are supported by Quince. It's been a busy season of events in travel. We were just in New York filming a bunch of press for the show and you know, we wanted to make sure our clothes were looking good. Always, Always. And that's why I'm thrilled we're partnering with Quince. Quince has all the seasonal must haves like cashmere sweaters. I love ding ding, ding. European linen shirts. All priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands. And that's because they partner directly with top factories. So they cut out the cost of the middlemen and pass on the savings to us. Also fall's a good time to replen your wardrobe. You're moving into a new season. Yeah, I've got a very sexy cashmere sweater from them. Yeah. That I love. And it's just coming up on sweater weather. Get those sweaters. Another cool thing about Quince, they only partner with factories that use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices, which is pretty great. Upgrade your wardrobe with pieces made to last with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


Most of my songwriter friends, unless they are just having constant hits on the radio, they have second jobs. Yeah. Like it is just not a sustainable living anymore. Do You get a fee though, when they are initially like Kelly Clarkson, here's the song. You guys have recorded a demo, I'm guessing. Yeah. And she goes, yes, I want that. I want to do that. Is there an initial fee right then? No, it's all on the backend. Even if it went number one, you wouldn't see that money for over a year. Whoa. So everything has to go through the channels of the label. I'm with BMI. So they have a percentage and then you get your check in the mail. Everyone's like, oh my God, you sold a song, kus of Money coming in. And you're like, no. And also if I do see anything, it's gonna be over a year from now.


Songwriters are the last people to get paid. And it's so funny because they're The first one in. Yeah. Exist. Exist doesn't exist without Them exist. Yeah. We're the creator. So I like talking about this. I make money from touring. Yeah. I make money from merch. If you've restructured or renegotiated your deals with your label, which I have. And also I'm in a publishing deal now where I own the majority share. So my songs now I own. Right. That's not the case for most people. It sucks 'cause music is such a unifier. I have a provocative take on this. Okay. I would love to hear your pushback. I mean because in TV and film, the same thing is sort of happening. The writers Totally. Well, the people stop buying D DVDs. Half of your money was really linked to DVD sales for your residuals first statement.


I think the musicians and the writers should get way more money. A thousand percent. But I also think it's a little simple to paint, say Spotify and Apple Music as the bad guys because a Spotify's not even profitable. Like they had their first profitable quarter last year or something. Right. So it's not like they have this big bag of money that they're keeping. This is really a call to fans, which no one's gonna want to hear. You would have to pay 30 bucks a month for these subscriptions so that the artist could get paid. That's the part no one really wants to talk about. and I feel always like we're kind of circling, but if we don't get real about what the solution is, it actually can't happen because people are not willing to pay. Again, if you're gonna watch my movie for free and you want my movie for free all the time, whose fault is that?


So I do think if people really care about artists and they really care about the writers of the music, it's not just the Goliath streamers. It's ultimately the customer base that is willing or not willing to pay. I listen to a ton of music on the iTunes model era where I had to buy one for 99 cents. I was spending 45 bucks a month buying music. 'cause I love it. And I was like, yeah, I'll do it. 'cause I want this fucking song so bad. And now all of a sudden I'm like, no, I don't wanna pay more than 9.99. I want every song ever written all the time In my pocket. Yes. We're really critical and we're not really taking a ton of responsibility on the fan side and on the consumer side. And a little bit of it is us. Everyone could be criticized, but I'm not really just pointing a glazer at DSPs like Spotify or Apple.


They've been great partners to me and activations and playlisting and all this stuff. Getting my music heard. They just help your tour business. That's all they can do really. Right? Yeah. But I think just a much longer conversation, and I'm probably not the most educated person to speak on it, but if we want to really have the conversation in the music side, labels are taking the lion's share. Okay, good. Of what's profited from the stream. That's a bigger conversation when people are signing record deals. You guys are taking a huge chunk of this. By the time it gets to the artist, if they're a writer on the song or to the songwriters who wrote the song back in Nashville or la, it's been whittled down to like 0.0, 0, 0, 0. So everyone's culpable. Everyone needs to get together collectively.


Yeah. And everyone's gonna have to give some, the Labels are very, very ignorant on this world. What do they do? Do they pay for the production of the music? They Own the recording, correct. Generally, Yeah, they own the masters. Why Do they own the recording? That's my whole thing. They're Paying for like the studio time production fees, paying the musicians, paying for the photo shoot, getting it distributed. Yeah. If they're signing someone off TikTok that maybe already either made this in their bedroom and it's ready to go, I would advise artists like that that have already done their production to be not signing away their masters. You should be just doing a distribution deal then. Exactly. But. everyone has a different kind of deal now. And you're right in the old paradigm where it's like you needed a label to a pay for a really great recording with they're gonna bring in the producer.


That's a lot of money. Right? They're gonna bring in the song. Right. Right. So they have a ton of upfront And promo marketing. That's What's really changed. That used to be they really did have to spend millions to get you everywhere and all these backroom deals with the radio stations to play your song, but their cost there has completely collapsed. They're not even signing anyone that doesn't already have kind of a following. Like even you had two and a half million streams in a month. Finally, when we get to the point where you put out five songs on Spotify before you get signed as a performer, you've already shown that there's an audience for you. Yeah. We're skipping a step though. Let's get to the part. I'm sorry. Yeah, I went too far ahead. You write my church during this period of writing for other people and I love this. Or at least I'm assuming this, you love it too much kind of to give it away.


Yeah. it was the first time that had ever happened to me because I had written songs before that I was like, I don't care about this one for me. But I just didn't have the confidence either to be the voice on the song. I would sing the demo and my publisher would be like, this is amazing, but no one's gonna sound like this. and I was having like a real frustration of that because that was gonna be my bread and butter. I wanted to be a hit songwriter. I wanted to have my number one party. I wanted to like get in rooms with big artists and be their buddy and just write their life. And maybe I had too much to say for my own identity to Phil and someone else's identity. Too personal. Yeah. And. that was like an age thing, a wisdom thing. I didn't have it yet. And so when I wrote my church, I was actually out here in LA with my co-writer and producer Busby, who's now passed away sadly.


But he was just so encouraging and he was so genre bendy himself because he had written a ton with country artists, but also he had massive songs with Shakira and Pink out here. He was kind of the first in Nashville to really blend LA and Nashville as a producer. And, that was 20 14, 15. I don't know Busby. But when I was learning about you, I then learned about Busby. And when I saw that he died at 43, what happened in brain cancer at 43 is so fucking heartbreaking. Respectfully to his widow, Jess, who I love, and they're girls, they all moved to Nashville when he passed away. So I'm glad they're with our community, but he was extremely influential on me And a real champion. Right. He's like, you should be performing. Yeah. He was like, dude, come on.


Quit wasting everyone's time pretending you're not an artist because we need this now. it was during a time in country music, there was just no women on the radio and there still kind of aren't. But I was like, all right, let's do it. My church just was the smoking gun. I guess I would be devastated if someone recorded this and fucked it up. Yeah. I truly felt motherly towards it because the demo was just so good. And, we actually never even rerecorded the vocals from the day we wrote it because I can't recreate this freshness. Yeah, The emotion And like grasp and not quite knowing it yet. There's just something special about Day of Demos. Why do you wanna write that song? This something precede that. That also was quite real for you.


That song was born out of a lot of soul searching. I was going through my first big breakup at the time, and I was out here and I felt really far away from Nashville and all the drama of that. and I was just able to be free and I still feel like that's the case. Even now when I come out here and write, it's just so different from the stuff I get in Nashville. Oh really? I don't know what it is. It's like out of sight, out of mind, your World. You're not encumbered by your real life Maybe. Yeah, maybe. So I get to be like a different Marin here. That song, it was before Apple Music even existed. So we put it on Spotify and then it sort of took off and then all of a sudden I was in a bidding war with the labels in town that previously were passing on me. Yeah, yeah. There was one label president that made me audition for him twice.


He didn't even come to the first one. And the second one felt very like Tony Soprano, he's just sitting on a couch just like watching me perform. Passed on me twice and I was just like, all right, fuck off these other two labels. Ended up putting their hats in the ring and because of my church doing well and streaming, I was able to leverage a pretty good deal for a new artist At Columbia. Yeah. Less albums. Some people are stuck in like five or six album deals. Do you know how long that would take to make six albums? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Over a decade. Over a decade. Yeah. So I was able to get a fairer deal for the age I was and the young artistry I was. We skipped one thing that I think now is quite relevant 'cause it is a pattern and it's a good one to observe for people trying something which is you audition for American Idol for America's Got Talent.


Whoa. For the Voice for Nashville Star. Every one of those rejected. Oh, I'm very well versed in rejection. Does that, does part of that inform? I'm just gonna be a writer. Yeah, That's a good point. Those were all, when I was a teenager being told no that many times I was like, maybe I just don't have it. Maybe I just need to be a writer and I'm gonna put all of my energy on being the best songwriter. I'm gonna figure it out like a science. I kind of did. And now when those shows come around and people are auditioning with my songs on them, it is like sweet revenge. I must so good. It does. Yeah. I Would love that. And I've had friends that have gone pretty far on those shows.


Yeah. All the respect in the world to them. I'm so glad I didn't go far. Not that it's cringe, but it's just too much too soon. Yeah, it's a lot. It's like if you're a new drag queen and you immediately get on RuPaul's Drag Race thrown in the deep end a little bit. I don need to go through the ugly drag phase. I feel like Alaska Thunderfuck has talked about this. I miss ugly drag when it's just bad before it gets good. Yeah. That's like same with artistry. Everything is so accessible now with TikTok. I love TikTok. I'm more of like a passive follower of that platform, but I am so glad people didn't have to see on a large worldly scale, my shitty phases. I would've gone into American Idol going like, well, I've got this because most of the people I see on the show haven't been performing for four years.


They haven't put out three albums. I would've gone in really quite bullish and then when I got rejected, I would've been like, there's a lot of dissonance here between what I thought was gonna happen and what happened. It's also television, so Exactly. Yeah. They're looking not just for talent, it's sort of like a scream of hon and I'm not the belter. I think sometimes that's what gets their ear there. And then also they're looking for like a story. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Big time. Like who's more traumatic? Because we're gonna like it's rating, make a four minute package on this person and they're also Trauma. You gotta be rooting for them at the end of that. But That's easy to see in retrospect. But when you're in it and people are saying no to you over and over and over again. Yeah. There's no way at that age, maybe any age, but at that age that you aren't affected by that.


Yeah. I auditioned in the cattle call stadium audition for American Idol where you're not seeing the three judges because there's 20,000 entries. So they have to weed through us all and you just get 10 seconds to sing for some like 22-year-old producer. I sang Sweet Thing by Chaka Khan and that's still my karaoke song. Oh, Sweet thing. Yeah. I love it. and I good. and I really did a great job. I can honestly say that. Yeah, go ahead. I'll let you sing it. I Would love you anyway. Yeah. Anyways, Even if you can, that's Day. Let's Harmonize. Oh, I'm the worst singer in the world. and I live with three great singers. Oh. yeah. It's extra cruel. Okay, so when you're 26, you're now signed at Columbia and then my church comes out and you win a Grammy.


So again, talks about the highs and lows and like the light switch for that song to come out after just deciding I'm gonna give it a shot again as a performer and then you win a Grammy. Was that hard to accept and be present for and believe even? I don't think I processed any of it for like two years. That whole next year was just insane. it was Turbo speed Grammys, I'm performing, not just nominated. I won. And then I won Best New artists at the CMA awards and I performed with the McCreary sisters and the Preez Hall jazz band for my church. it was just so iconic to me. And then I wasn't expecting any awards, but then everything just happened and then we're doing SNL And. it just didn't stop for two years and no one can process any of that.


Yeah, yeah. Even at the age I was I was like 26. Imagine if I had been 19 I know. So sad. Sad. I'm glad I was at least like a little bit older and knew who I was as an artist. The night before the Grammy Awards, they have the Clive Davis party and all the new artists nominees play it. Oh, and so you're like meeting Clive Davis and you are performing with the Ricky Minor Band. That's Whitney's band. Yeah, it's the And you're at the Beverly Hilton. It's just insane. But I remember I was gonna sing my church and I had my guitar and the show happens at Clive's and it's lovely, but right in the front tables 'cause everyone's eating. It's like P Diddy and John Legend and like all of these people. And this is early 2017.


A lot's happened since then. Meaning you weren't terrified outta your mind when you saw P Diddy sitting that close to you. Well, I Was for different reasons. I didn't know all the other stuff yet. But there's obviously insecurity because you're like, I'm this country bumpkin playing here tonight. And then right after me is Chance the Rapper because like he was up for best new artist I know, everyone seems so confident around you. Yeah, I'm holding it together and I look amazing and I'm like my first Grammys, I'm excited and everyone's just being so supportive. But I remember I performed and the people gave me a standing ovation, which was really sweet. But like the only person that stood up at that front table was John Legend. Oh. and I just felt like, Ugh. I love you Thank You. God, I love you. For life. Yeah. Yeah.


And do you feel like at this point though, you believe that you deserve to be there? Or do you still sometimes struggle with fraudulence Imposter syndrome? Yeah, I think I'll always have a healthy dose of that. Not enough to be crippling, but I still have stage fright in some ways too. It's such an amplified version of myself on stage and I do after the first song just truly ascent. Yeah. And meet some sort of spirituality within it. But there's always gonna be a neurotic element to me. I don't know if it's like a female diminishing myself thing like make myself smaller. I don't deserve to be here. Bullshit. but Yeah I do struggle with, am I enough to be here? Was there a mistake? Yeah, exactly. I do wonder, just personally, because I struggle with that all the time, where I think everyone's just wondering like why is she here or why is she sitting there?


Why? Well, sometimes it's true And no one's thinking that but you. Well, But it's so when we were in India, it's fair to say people were thinking that About me, Us in India when we were Oh, but That's different. I was like, why? Sometimes Objectively it's an inappropriate question. Well that is why were we there? I still dunno. That's a different type of thing. but Yeah, I mean here there's different phases of it, but I've thought recently in the past couple weeks, 'cause we're now doing video and it's a whole thing and I'm like, man, I wonder what I'll have to do in this life before I feel like there's an answer for why I am here. Like you graduated finally. Yeah. Maybe the answer is I can do everything.


and I will still feel like that. What I would argue is because it's a fear and it's based in insecurity, it's actually not tethered to reality. Right. It's like something you have to decide. Crazy enough. I mean maybe some people like Gandhi level will be just like, and now I've done it. Now I can chill. It's crazy. The burden of work you feel like you have to do on yourself to just check these boxes and then you're like, wait, did I have to take up all these hobbies and do this guided mushroom trip to feel like I finally did the work on myself? It's exhausting to be just okay. Yeah. To just not be bad. Yeah. Wait, before I forget. Yeah, I have to tell you, we have met before. Oh my God. Good. Just tell me.


Okay, so it was the Super Bowl in Minneapolis. I was sitting next to you with my ex-husband and you're with Andy Lassner. Oh my god. Well it would make sense. I wouldn't remember because that was such a shot out of a cannon. Go to the Super Bowl. We were in Turks and Caicos and I got a call from the Ellen team going, will you go to the Super Bowl and do a thing with Andy? Yeah. And I'm like, I'm in Turks and Caicos and I have shorts and T-shirts and it's go to cold negative 30 degrees at that thing. I'm like, you guys are gonna have to have bought me clothes. Yeah. Do you remember all that? it was for Ships though, wasn't it? No, it was just for Allen. I was on so often. Oh because you Also went though for Chip chips for to next Super Bowl.


Got it. Okay. Okay. But do you remember that you guys all flew home? I do. and I then flew to Minneapolis. Yeah. and I showed up and I was wearing this virtually. So You were freezing so you couldn't remember marriage? No, just it was like go to the mall, play this game with this person. And then we were filming stuff while we were there we're Also weirdly in the front row like it was. So the seats were too good for us. That's So funny. Now continue. You were very nice. Okay, good. I'll set your mind at ease there. No, you and Andy were so sweet. And then I think you like bonded a little bit in conversation with my ex-husband who's from Michigan as well. He's from Kalamazoo. I think y'all talked about Shinola. Oh the watches. The watches. Ding, Ding, ding ding. Yeah. Yeah. Now I feel terrible.


No, I'm relieved. I was nice. It was like 2018. it was a long time ago. Yeah. I had just been on the beach like hours before. You were lovely. Thank You were such a gentleman. I just remember that night it was so hilarious. 'cause we dipped out after halftime because I get anxiety about traffic and the hotel that they had put us in was 30 minutes away. and I, just remember we watched the end of the game in the hotel bar and it was this atrium of this not very nice hotel, but I just remember they had stuffed all the like celebrities there. 20 17, 20 18. it was like Pete Davidson was there. And. we were sitting seats down at the bar from JB Smo. Oh yes. Fun guy. And Ryan, my ex and I are like massive curb fans.


Yeah. And he's with all his friends and we're like, Eve's dropping. They're waiting because he has a Super Bowl commercial that they're waiting to To watch live Oh. yeah. and I, just remember he went to the bathroom while he was in the bathroom. It came on. Oh on the hotel barn days always. And his friends were hysterically laughing and he finally came back after like 15 minutes and he is like, yeah, they're all giving him shit. Was he sweating? Yeah. He's like, I missed it. it was just so memorable. That's funny. That was a good Super Bowl. Well then that's good then. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. 'cause when we first came in, I introduced myself to meet You said nice. See you and I thought you were just big timing meal. You meet so many people, you just gotta play it safe.


Maybe we have. I was inadvertently big time, but it wasn't meaning to. Okay. 'cause we did have a guest on who claims that I shoved her and her husband when we met. You Don't think it's true. I don't think it's true. True. But it's a he said she said and we'll never know. I think for sure I put my hand up kind of a sitch. But throwing a woman into a wall seems a bit of a stretch wall. I don't think you threw Set of character, But maybe you accidentally kind of because Correct. You were so frazzled in that moment. and I believe you were so frazzled in that moment, hearing about the moment because you were in protection mode. Oh, Kristen Oh. yeah. I'm sure it was aggressively telling people they couldn't come and do it. Oh my God, My car was up this whole time. Rob, you're supposed to yell avocado, Rob. Oh, Oh Rob. You was so busy.


He's like, put a new lens on my camera. You see how busy he's on my camera? Camera. I didn't Even clock it Though. Maybe it's the stripes. This Is totally unrelated to anything other than hurting someone. Did I think about what I did to Delta the other day? Aw airlines. Oh my god. Daughter. Yeah. Oh It was like Delta Airline. She loves when we fly Delta Airlines. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. She tells people, this is my name. We went to her older sister's barbecue at her new school. She had to go to the bathroom. So I took her to the bathroom and then we were walking by the gymnasium and there was basketballs in there. So she's like, I wanna play great. We've never done that. So she's shooting, we're shooting. At some point she gets under my legs and I am gonna fall on her and she's now on the ground.


She moves and then I'm trying to step out of the way. I roll my ankle just immediately like kink and then I drop. And you guys, I fell. I'm 200 pounds, she's nine. I felt full weight on her Chest. Oh no, no. And she let out a squawk. She was like, like yeah. And I was like, oh my god, I've crushed my baby. it was so terrible. Almost worse than her getting crushed as she got up. And of course she wanted Mama immediate, like I was not gonna be able to comfort her. Yeah. I just almost killed her. So she runs out of the gym and there's all these women. Just watching that moment, I was like, oh my god, they think I'm a terrible dad. They called that I got competitive or something playing basketball. Oh No. She was fine. She told me 12 minutes later she actually felt better having had it happen.


That was her conclusion after 12 minutes and she got her cries out. She was like, I actually feel better than I did before that happened. I was like, okay, thank God my ankle's swelling out. Interesting. Oh no, that's scary. Okay. Fast forwarding. You win all those things. You go on tour really quickly with Keith Urban. So these are big shows, right? We were a little Spoiled at being our first tour because Keith is so amazing and his tour machine is so well oiled. He is like the best catering. So we're just like that's where he spend 80% of your day is just in catering. Yeah. Milling about It was an amazing masterclass every night. Just watching him entertain and so kind. I also kind of learned how to be like a boss on the road from Keith and the way he would treat his employees and the way his sort of hierarchy was set up.


I just remember he got like a snow cone truck for us one day 'cause it was hot out, giant blow up water slide. Just really nice. Keep Morale good. Generous. Yeah, super generous. Yeah Because I'd imagine the first part of two is really, really fun. And then I would imagine you enter some doldrums where it's just like everyone's like how many more shows do we have? How many have we played? Yeah. I think morale, well sorry, I have like keep talking about the food Catering keeps people healthy and the morale high if you look forward to something because the show is 90 minutes of your day. Well not for me. I was like playing 20 minutes opening but it's something I took with me in my own way opening for him. Yeah. When you get approached by Zed and Gray to do the middle now this is where I enter your life in a big, big way.


Yeah, sure. And in fact a lot Of people did that song. My kids were old enough at that point that it was our first family favorite song where it was like everyone in the car wants to hear the same song. And then also one of my favorite memories, Monica, remember being in Austin. Yeah. It was like the theme song to our Austin trip, which was one of our first live shows And one of our favorite trips. and I remember being in the car just blasting one of the few times you hear Monica singing at the top of her lungs in the back seat. That's A good song. It's a singable song. So good something's in it. When they approached you, were you immediately game or were you hesitant 'cause you wanted to be writing your own stuff? I Was game because I'd already proven myself as a songwriter, winning awards for songwriting, having number ones as the writer.


I had checked that off the list and I felt secure in myself in that way. But I was on vacation and it was his management I think that reached out to mine and sent this demo of the middle. So I'm listening to it like on the beach through my like phone speaker and I hear this woman's voice singing it and I was like, who the hell is this? Because they should be recording this, not me. And it was Sarah Aarons the writer of the song and she's just a badass and has become like a friend and collaborator of mine over the years since the middle. But she's such an amazing singer. And. we actually have very similar tones. Lower Alto raspy. If you played it side by side, I still think hers is better. but Yeah, I heard it and I was like, yeah, when I get home I'm addicted to this demo.


I would love to do like a scratch vocal for it. Then it was told to me, well you're not the only one that they've approached. Oh okay. and I'm like a little butt hurt. A little comp Oh. yeah. Well yeah. 'cause at this point I hadn't really broken into any walls of pop music. I was just having a moment in country music and yeah, I had done all genre things like the Grammys and SNL, but I'd never done anything in pop radio. So my ego is like, what? I have to audition for this song. Yeah. What the hell? Yeah. I have a Grammy. Like I was like immediately going there like I Did. I already proven myself, My manager Janet, she was like, this is just such a different world Marin. This is not you being the best songwriter or like having this claim over it. She's like, do you love the song?


And I was like, I do. I had almost a similar feeling to my church where I'd be like devastated if someone else was singing this. Yes. In their defense a little bit, maybe they are realizing what they're sitting on. Right. So we have this incredible song as proved to be and So. yeah. We have these people that we think would be good but I'm gonna want to hear it 'cause I'm not gonna squander this I know we have something so I'm gonna want to hear a few people. Yeah, do it. There's actually like a really amazing YouTube video. I don't know if they do this anymore, but the New York Times has a thing called Anatomy of a song and Joe Cascarelli at the New York Times interviewed all of us. Oh so like me, Zed, Sarah Aaron's Monsters and Strangers, like all the collaborators and how they found me 'cause I hadn't heard the other audition demos of other artists.


Yeah. 'cause they were way bigger artists that did a version of the middle. Ah, is it true? Angelina Jolie put a scratch track together, Her leg tip. So that was sort of like all news to me. After I sent my scratch vocal demo in, they were like, we went with someone else and I was like, oh shit, that sucks. Well moving on I guess. So that was like December and then I think it was New Year's Eve, I got a call from my manager and they were like, they want to use you now. I was still a little Mm you already passed on me. Yeah, you call her. So what happened with the other artist? She back Out. She's incarcerated. Maybe something happened. No, you're a little like stop yanking my dicking me around. Yeah, exactly.


Yeah. Again, I had to be humbled and my manager is like, listen, put your shit aside because this could be huge. Good advice. I know. 'cause I was like, get outta your own head about this. It works differently in pop than in country music. So we're like, sure, let's do it. Anton Z's gonna fly to Nashville. We're gonna do like a proper vocal. We did that. We've met finally. He's so lovely and so professional and just savant a Whole court case you had in your head all went out the window once you met him. Oh, neutralized. Yeah. You're like Oh. yeah. He's so, he's so nice. He thinks I'm not this and I'm Yeah and you're like, oh it was a nice guy. I'd never like met a DJ also. I have no idea what to expect. Yeah. But he was so sweet And. we knocked the vocal out. He flew back.


I think they sent us a mostly finalized version of the song two days later and they were like, oh by the way we have this giant brand deal with Target. They wanna do this massive music video with Dave Myers and they wanna premier it at the Grammy Awards. I always say it's like Josie and the Pussycats where it's, they're number one in two weeks and like they're famous overnight. It'll never happen again. Well that's What I was gonna ask is you'd already had a really good dose of attention and you won a Grammy and you're touring in front of a ton of people. I would almost imagine that you couldn't have even thought what this thing then becomes, it was just like a whole other stratosphere of attention. Yeah, I was touring with Nile Horn that year.


So we were doing international dates. We were in South America for the first time. We were in Australia, New Zealand and the States. And so I'm on this like sort of pop tour, not a country artist I'm opening for and I have this massive pop song going on simultaneously. Right. Yeah. And you just see the trajectory with each show. People freaking out when that song kicks in. Yes. and I was hearing it in taxi cabs in like Buenos Aires everywhere. Yeah, Everywhere. And Taylor invites you to come sing it with her in Arlington, Texas. Did you know her before that? We had Never met before that. So that song also gets you on stage with Taylor. Yeah. And she was so kind to let me come out at my like hometown show.


Yeah, yeah. Because it was like Cowboy Stadium and my family and friends, they all from like high school got to come out and watch this moment and the song for sure changed my life. Speaking of the Dallas Cowboys, did you watch The Cheerleader? Zocdoc. Oh wow. We loved it. We were Obsessed. It it was, it was really hard to watch too. Psychologically. There's a lot going on. Yeah, It's rich. Its a dense, It's rich. Yeah. A Lot happen. It's rich. I was left feeling really sad. Yeah. What did you feel? It's just crazy 'cause I'm in awe of these women. They're so beautiful. They're so like athletic. They're so hardworking and kind and you just see when they don't get it, how much it hurts. Something so stupid and trivial your cake isn't high enough.


Also, I have no expertise in this realm. I can't dance for shit. But like the girl that was slightly too short, I was like, what the fuck? Ari I know that one hurt. Yeah because that One really hurt Ari, you can't outperform that. And there's not a height requirement. Well that's the thing. and I kind of see the pickle here because I think they do need a height requirement. If they need for it to look a certain way then they need a high requirement. But I think in 2024 it's hard to do that. Maybe you can't Couldn't They have put her at the end? Yeah, She was great too. I mean I Don Even put her in platform shoes. Yeah. Put a little Luke hazy platform in the boot. But You know it's also life. Sometimes you're, you're not gonna get, sometimes you're too short.


I can relate. It was heartbreaking. But I did choose to believe the people. It would be easy for me on the outside. That's not my priority or my interest to go like, this is ridiculous that they care this much. But I listen to the testimonials and they're like, that's the best three years of my life. I believe you. I'm not in a position to say what is a a worthy or not worthy pursuit. But I had to keep reminding myself of that. Don't get kinda judgy of this on your high horse of that. It tempting. it was tempting for me to get judgy of the whole thing, but I kept going like that's their podcast. That's their acting and that's great. There's no hierarchy. I Guess I didn't realize most of them have jobs. Yeah. I know. I thought they had to just be cheerleaders for three years or however long until they like retire and then they have to go back and go to school or get a job.


it was crazy. The one one was an orthodontist. Yeah. That was the craziest. Yes. She you were a literal Like her only Indian offering I know. Of course she was an orthodontist. Oh my gosh. She's so beautiful and just such a badass, phenomenal dancer. And I had to like stop middle of putting braces on to go practice her routine. She would've been My first pick if I was casting that team. Yes. She I know she was. She was awesome. Well, Couldn't not watch her. Which isn't that the point Peter? You Remember the white Girls's name? I know. I knew it. I. Know. Well now our understanding that you identify more as being short than Indian. That's probably No, I mean I obviously was majorly identifying and feeling a lot of feelings watching her. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert.


If you dare.


We are sponsored by Audible. A great story can really spark your imagination. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new world's, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. There's more to imagine when you listen. I live for Audible as you know, every single night I'm listening to Audible before I go to bed and just slowly educating myself without any effort. Sometimes I like having it in paperback and listening to it at the same time. On Audible. Yeah. So I can go back and forth. I am currently listening to the entire works of Doki and it's gonna take me quite a bit of time to go through 'em all. and I Can't wait. And as an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. New members can try Audible for free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500 500.


We are supported by Dr. Odyssey from a, b, c From 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy comes the splashy new medical drama. Dr. Odyssey starring Joshua Jackson as the charismatic new doctor on board a luxury cruise ship. He and his team navigate high stakes medical emergencies and steamy romantic entanglements miles from shore. The series also stars Philip Assu, Sean Teal and Don Johnson as their fearless captain. Come aboard for new episodes of Dr. Odyssey. Thursdays at nine eight Central on a, B, C, and Stream on Hulu.


We are supported by Wayfair. We just got a new Wayfair coffee table In We sure did in our filming Space. and I love It. It's beautiful. It's gorgeous. Listen, right now is the best time to shop for everything you need for holiday hosting. And Wayfair is the place to shop for all things home this holiday season. From extra seating for the whole family to festive cookware, cozy bedding and holiday decor galore. Wayfair helps you make your home way more you at a price that works for you. So whether you're looking for bedding sets for your guest room or kitchen brands you love, gift your home with Wayfair this holiday season. Plus they offer free and easy shipping even on the big stuff. They'll even help you set it up. Wayfair is your one stop holiday shop for everything on your to-do list this season. Head to wayfair.com right now to get your home holiday ready. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


Hold on. Back to the advice that your manager gave you. Do you ever struggle with this? That would be getting in your own way, right? If you were like, fuck them. They didn't Respect me. Respect when you started saying the word respect. Except That's a reality too. And it's when do you know when you're getting in your own way versus when you are getting taken advantage of or when you should stand up for yourself for demand respect. This is such a hard line to walk. There's an answer in movies and it was given to me by a lawyer and I really am grateful that they told me this. You have to minimally be honest about does the movie need me or do I need the movie? Yeah, And that can be answered if you're objective and to be honest, you're great.


You did the perfect job. Also, the song didn't need you per se. The song could have probably worked with a few other people. Yeah. By the way, that's been the case in many of the movies I've done where it's like the movie doesn't need Dak Shepherd. Hopefully Dak Shepherd can make the movie better, but the movie's gonna be good without me or with me. and I think there are times when it's like there's no song unless I join. And those are the times when you're allowed to feel that way. And there's other times where're like, yeah, this movie doesn't work if it's not me. and I think that's what you're trying to figure out in life. Does this job need me or do I need this job? Well I think that's the ego thing too, where it's like I don't wanna come across as desperate for anything. Yeah. Because people can smell that And it Stinky too. We won't like it. It's like ugh, it's desperations In day and my pride is too big to even do that.


So it's like get outta your own way. Thank God I have people around me to truly guide me. Yeah. And pull me back when I'm going too far. Do you know when I've suffered from that and I've struggled with it, which I have so many times, like I've had to go audition for things. I'm like, get the fuck. Go watch the 30 movies. Do you know if I can do this or not? Go Watch punked, Thank, You. You probably need to watch a few more things before you cast me. But what's really going on for me is I hated having to prove myself. it was very hard for me to do. It took nine years and so I told myself finally I'm over that thing and it'll be easy. So what really happened is I set an expectation that was probably unrealistic. Like okay, I'm finally past that part.


That was so painful. And then when I learned like, no, no, you're still gonna have to do that. I'm like, I had this all mapped out And that wasn't part of it. And it's the discomfort for me of having an expectation that then the outcome's different. I know what I'm great at and what other people are probably better for. I'm okay with that because I've really had a huge 180 in my life in the last two years. I switched labels. So I'm not on the Nashville Columbia, I'm on New York now. So retooling sort of this genre shift kind of away from country and more so like in every realm, genre list space has been really tough but necessary and scary.


Yeah. Just to walk away from something that I built for so long, I didn't fit it anymore. It didn't fit me. And then on the personal life level, getting divorced Because you guys were together for what, eight years? Yeah. That's a long time. Yeah. That's a very destabilizing transition. Yeah. I mean we're getting it together, but the co-parenting thing has been going well and we're trying our best in this way, but it's still pretty fresh. And then I have just been so deeply creative the last year because probably of all this transition and like you Got a lot of good fodder. Yeah. I know there's a lot to write about. But like a freedom too. I don't have to serve this machine of what I think country music was or what it expected me to be like. I can just do my thing now.


I am lucky I have the freedom and fan base to carry with me through that. But now it's like the sky's the limit. Where do we go from here? Yeah. But I also know when I have to say no sometimes to opportunities because I don't wanna be gone all the time. I don't wanna be touring 280 days a year. Like I want to be home. Yeah. I wanna be a good mom and also have a social life because then I really don't have anything to write about. Right. Yeah. If I'm not going through the shit show of dating, there is no album. Yeah. Right. The well has to be filled in that way. Yeah. This will be the first time I ever try to do this. Sometimes I try to do it with just Monica and I where on the count of three we say who the person most remind you of.


But I have a hunch that we'll be able to do it with all three of us and get the same answer. Oh my gosh. So this is basically a question of who do people tell you that you remind them of the most? Oh, do you have a go-to, well don't say it though. I'm just wondering if you get told somebody more often than another person. Are We talking like looks or vibe, vibes? This whole thing. Okay. Okay. I have a vibe one. Okay. It's not really a look one, but I'll still say it. Okay. Okay. 1, 2, 3. Selena Gomez, Alice. Oh Wait, were you gonna say, I was gonna say Allison Roman. I love while both of them, but I loved Your, I love the Allison Roman.


Who did You say? I didn't say anything. Didn't participate. I was gonna say like Adele I was like, I hope I'm Not funny. I don Michael Jordan. I can see that. I can see that. You would agree that the voice, you already described it. The Raav speaks Also just we're Texan. Yeah, I She's cool. But Allison is such a cool, selfish. Awesome. I think we could swap you out in a scene of murders in the building and if it was wide I think we could get away with it. Be her older sister. Are you older than her? I'm 34. I'm how old? I don't, I'm 34. I'm 34 years old. She's younger than that. Yeah. I feel Like she is. She Gomez 32. Oh She's drastically. We're good. Good. And when's her birthday?


July 22nd. 92. Because you're April. I'm April And she's July. Okay. Allison Became my covid obsession. Obsessed. What's your favorite recipe? Have you made one that you go back to? The one I can do without looking at it anymore as the big Zdi. Oh. yeah. That's a good one. That's a good one. Yeah. She has so many good ones. I wanna go to her little store in, is it like upstate New York? Oh, me too. She posts about it all the time and I'm always jealous 'cause I can't Go. I'll never be in the area. Exactly. I'll never it. It's not in New York, is not in la but Yeah. Anyway. Okay. I love y'all's conversation with her. Me Too. Mostly made me so happy for Monica. It was a very vulnerable conversation for her. So that was really sweet. Yeah. That she gave us that And she thanked Monica for being one of the only people in public that was still claiming her love for her during her canceled phase.


And I was like, that's right girl. You stick up for people and they're like you. Yeah, I'm loyal. Yeah. For better or worse. Okay. People make mistakes, you know. The only other song I want to ask you about before we talk about the new stuff is The Bones. Because I love it. It's so interesting to go to your Spotify thing and look at the downloads in which ones are big and your version of the Bones is the biggest, but also the other version is also quite big and in the top five. How does one get the idea to like release one version, then at some point go like, you know what, let's also do this again right now as a duet. How did that happen? So with Hozier, who I've obviously been a fan of for a decade now, he's also on Columbia. My friend Rachel, who's actually in my band, used to tour with him.


He kind of goes away when he's making records for years and then he'll come back and tour for like three years and then he'll leave for five to make a rec. Kinda like Adele. But I think they were on tour and I was touring my second record, the Bones was now a single Rachel, my friend was like on the bus with the whole band of his and him and was just like, Andrew is humming this song of yours. I just had to let you know he's a fan of it. How flattering. Huh? I know. That was years ago now. But we just reached out and was like, hey, this song's already on the radio. But the label would love to have a different version of it. We're trying to push it to number one and at the last second labels will be like, let's do like a feature or something. Just get some excitement at the home stretch if you will. So he kindly obliged and put a vocal on the second verse and just did some amazing like harmonies and ad libs the rest of the song and just truly elevated it in a way that I hadn't imagined it could be.


Both Are really great. Yeah. I don. I really love the Original one too. Yeah. I don't think one's superior. It's kind of cool that they can both exist at the same time and be really great. Yeah. And be different. I think it Was after Covid when we were finally able to tour again. 'cause I hadn't even gotten to really understand or receive the love of that song Live because it went number one in April of 2020. Oh man. So I was like, well So you've never performed it with him? I have now several times. But we did the Hollywood Bowl and he came out And, we sang It. I say this all the time. The Hollywood Bowl's the most magic offering we have in Los Angeles. Yeah. Do you love the bowl? I do. Or is it not good to perform at? No, it's beautiful. Sound is great, especially for an outdoor, but I love the Greek too.


Yeah, I was about to say there's something very special about the Greek. Greek rules. He's just such a sweetheart. And. we just did this thing last year on CMT. It's a show they've done for years called Crossroads, where like two artists from different genres, we'll do a concert together. Oh cool. So we like of course did the bones, but then we got to use each other's bands and collaborate on other work. But it's rare when you just like have an organic pairing. Usually I feel like it's concocted in like a label test tube where they're like, Let's get This feature on. But no, that was genuinely out of love for each other's work. Sorry, I have one more question about the actual business. No More questions. Okay. Bye. But since this is an expert episode, when you said scratch lyric, what'd you say?


Vocal scratch. Vocal. What is that? It's Just a vocal that you try to sound good but you're not going in and comping it perfectly. Editing it to put all the best, you know? 'cause for a vocal you do like 15 takes and then you copy and past together, piece together the best airy whatever. It's like super nuanced. But a scratch is usually a one take And it's a temp. It's put on there generally by the writers. So you know There's the vibe. Yeah. It'll obviously sound better if we go for it, but I'm not gonna spend three hours on a vocal that is temporary. Got it. Even like for Frozen, Kristen will receive the music, but it'll also have Bobby and Kristen singing her song as a temp. Right. Just so that you know what it's supposed to be doing. Like A guide vocal, basically.


Got it. So for Intermission, which is out now, you worked with Antonoff, Not on Intermission Talk. Sorry. No, no. I love Jack. I worked with Jack last year. I On the bridge. On the bridge, yeah. And then I have a few songs that I haven't released yet that I did with him in New York at Electric Lady that I wanna put out. but Yeah, this EP Intermission was the last like six months of life for me. So it was really condensed song versions of just everything that imploded in my life and changed. That's why it's an EP is because it just happened very quickly. Yeah. and I just wanted it out. We talk about this a lot with people in memoirs and I Don't Know Why. I've never really thought to ask musicians about it.


Which is you are in your bedroom, you're writing your memoir, you feel safe, no one's there to talk about it. And then you get to the stage where you're like, I guess I'm gonna release this. But then it weirdly invites like a face-to-face conversation about this thing that you felt fine talking about in your bedroom, but maybe not out in the world. Are songs like that at all? Like of course you're gonna have to write what's going on in your last six months in your songs. But then do you feel like you're opening the door to then have to discuss all the drama that created those? Oh my God. It's like Taylor Swift's life. Yeah. Well you know, she don't see her talking too much about anything like she, But she's being asked nonstop about everything. Well Right. I think people are sounding off in the media or whatever. Right. But like she doesn't have to ever sit down. I see, I see.


Yeah. And actually have to talk about it. Yeah. Which is her freedom. Yeah. She and Beyonce have just reached a level of like, we don't do interviews anymore. You just receive my work. Have your own. Can you thank me for that cultural conversations about it Post and ghost? Yeah. Yeah. Posting Ghost Post and Ghost. And obviously those are mammoths of the industry at this point. I love chatting. I kind of like this version of the industry now. Well I've always loved chatting with people and doing podcasts because I just talk about the songs all day, every day. And that's usually what the press is. Yeah. Or has been. But now of course I love talking about like my journey and how we got here, but I just love like shooting the shit with people. Yeah. Yeah. and I like seeing that side of my favorite people because I've already liked their work.


And obviously, you know, people are discovering it too through this. But I wanna hear weird stories. Yeah. Yep. I wanna feel like we could have a drink together. That's where I'm at now because I can listen to your music all day. That's great. I'll support. I'll come to the show. I'll buy the shirt. But I just wanna hear your weirdo stuff. Yeah, Yeah. Learning like what happens in the bedroom when your partner's not there apparently. Yeah. Now we know. Or learning about the two toilets. Megan Trainor, Megan Trainer has two toilets. Her and her husband have dueling toilets next to each other and that's like an convention of her can so that if he's peeing facing each, she's got a pee. That would be cool. Yeah. No, I think they're just side by side. Side by side.


But again, what a lovely thing to learn. That's so much more interesting than probably anything else. I thought That toilets would be like infinity symbol. You're looking right here at the person. Right. With the infinity symbol. You'd be back to back. I So the tanks would be touching. Oh, that might be cool too. Like that's kind of cute. How's it going? You cheek to cheek talking. There might be some splashing. Pee Don don't wanna hear noises. Yeah. There better be a door floor to ceiling. Yeah, me too. Oh God, no I would. I could never dueling toilet. That's So funny. So you don't mind, you can handle it, but is there any song on Intermission you're like, oh I'm gonna put this out and they're gonna figure out what I'm saying here and that's gonna be a whole thing I had to make a decision on.


There's a song at the end called This is How a Woman Leaves. and I was a little bit nervous just to put that out. Not because it's untrue to me, but because I'm not in the business of Malt Intent. I never write a song to like fuck someone over or hurt anyone. Get even. Yeah. Well that's not true. Maybe I've written a couple songs about not my ex or anything, but just like people that have scorned me. But at the end of the day, I can't control people's perceptions of the song that they're hearing of mine. With this one. I could just picture a healing that would happen live. So if I'm writing the song and I can already envision it live and just crying with strangers when I go to shows and I'm just a patron in the crowd, the most special thing is just bonding with a bunch of strangers.


Yeah. Over a collective adoration or appreciation. You're An instant ingroup. Yeah. Yeah. Or even when you go to like the movies, I went and saw Alien Romulus yesterday. It's not a great example. I keep Hearing. That's really good. it Was so good. Yeah, I keep hearing that. If you like the Alien franchise, I was in deep lore, TikTok Alien franchise last night. I was like, I need all the conspiracy theories. I know, it's cliche, but we're going through life just like bags of water, And. we just wanna feel things. I go to the movies to feel things I like going alone. I go to shows alone or with friends to feel things next to strangers. It's nice when it's collective. Probably why people go to church. Yes. For me that's mad church. Yeah.


There we go. Call back. So this is a woman leaving is again from the outside. I could go like, oh this is you departing the country genre. This is you departing a marriage. But does it even matter? Are they all the same? It's a break in the act. That's why I named it Intermission because there's more to come. It's not the full book, but it's a chapter. and I like EPS now because it's so much work to make an album and by the time it's out you have already processed all of those feelings in the songs. Right. For the most part. Maybe they can come back around and have new meaning. But I liked this EP coming out as I was still in the thick of it. Yeah. 'cause now when I perform it, I'm truly, well I'm I know how much pain I'm causing myself in the moment.


but Yeah, I'm feeling it as it's been written. You're still there. Yeah. I'm to some degree I'm still there. I'm also just like, not in a rush. I'm dating again or dating for the first time. Truly. It's interesting. Are you on Raya or one of these cool dating apps for fancy people? You are. You're afraid to answer. Yeah, I am. Well, Can I look at your thing? I wanna Oh, the profile. Should we go through it? Well Just, I wanna, I'll get kicked off. I wanna see who's on there. You gonna see any friends? I'm not asking you to name names, but have you seen someone and you're like, wow, that's a big star that's on here. Yeah. Wow. A few times. It's kind of shocked me. Wow. And. it makes me feel better too. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause there's such a vulnerability of being like, here's the buffet of options today that I'm a part of.


It made me feel better knowing this person was on their table. Yeah. But I would compare it to, one of the things I've been most self-conscious about since I've been recognizable is when I'm eating in a restaurant by myself and I notice many people are staring at me. I think, God, they think I'm such a loser. I start getting really self-conscious that they think like I'm supposed to have a better thing going on. Yeah. Than being by myself at FUD rockers. Oh they're gonna say like Chipotle I was like, is it a chain similar? Yeah. Generally a chain. Something vulnerable about eating at a chain is, yeah, I love it though. But like you picture, if you saw Hillary Clinton at Taco Bell at a booth by herself, you would just fill in all this crazy stuff. Even though all the other booths are full of one person eating.


but Yeah, if you saw Hillary Clinton at Taco Bell, you'd be like, what happened? Well That's how I wanna get to know a person is I wanna know Allison, Roman's, taco Bell order. Like tell me all about your time. you know, working for the New York Times, but I wanna know you. Yeah, yeah. I need to know what you're ordering at Taco Bell. So then again, on a dating website where people already are feeling a little embarrassed. Vulnerable or vulnerable. Vulnerable. Yeah. Well don't you think embarrassed is a fine word. A real word. I felt embarrassed until I saw that person on there and I was like, wait, what? I also didn't know she was into women. I'll tell you after Oh. Yeah. I can't wait. I Can't wait. But I didn't feel embarrassed after that. I was like, oh, we're just people that are busy. And it's hard to meet people in this industry and line of work if you're always traveling, touring and adding the element of kids.


And it's tough to meet people. You have to, this is how it's done. It's not embarrassing objectively it's not. It's just how people date. I just think if you were on like Bumble and you're Jennifer Aniston, you're probably like man, people are gonna think I, you know? Yeah. I think it's Harder. It's about other people's perceptions. It's not about you. 'cause obviously if you wanna be on there, you wanna be on there to meet people. But it's like, oh it's a Taco Bell thing. What are they gonna think about me? Which is already a problem. Right. Because you know why you're there. You're there 'cause you're in between things. And you're at Taco Bell For 20, get my Baja blast. Yeah. Yeah, Exactly. I like it here. Yeah. But as soon as these, it's a good Place. I don we're like restaurant sponsored by them on this. We should, we should reach out.


but Yeah immediately you get into the brain of what everyone else is thinking. Exactly. And that's part of being a public person. You're always aware of what other people are thinking. Yeah. In N aa we say that's none your business. Exactly. When someone thinks about you. Exactly. It's none your business. Exactly. It's so true. None. Yeah. True. Okay. And then the last thing I just wanna bring up is the Wild Robot. Because you did a song for the Wild Robot. Kiss The sky, Kiss the Sky Kiss this Guy And. we love the Wild Robot in this house. You do. We love that book series so much. And then we interviewed Lupita. Oh Amazing. And so we watched it and the girls watched it with me. And, we were all crying and it was wonderful. It's so sweet. I love Roz so much.


I bet you got like an advanced screening. This job has perks. you Know people, I've never really done anything for a film before. I've brought this up to other people. It feels like so much pressure. When I think about A Star Is Born, I'm like, okay, so Gaga's gotta write a song and it's gotta be a fucking, like the whole engine of the movie is that they strike gold. Yeah. Right. It Has to be one of those, you know, 12 songs that transcends the movie in a way that's impossible. And I'm like, how does one sit down knowing the weight of that's on their shoulders? It seems much harder than writing a song for your album. Oh for sure. Because it's like living in a universe that's not your own. It's a character. It's not you. Which I guess is sort of like a nice exercise too.


Because a lot of my friends were the writers of those stars born songs. And I'm like, oh well I mean you just get to like be a different person for the day. Yeah. And you're not writing really for Gaga. You're writing for her character. So it's almost maybe like acting Yeah. A song. Yeah. You're playing In a new creative space. Yeah. This is obviously a little bit different because it's an animated film. And, it's not a musical, it's just a song that's narrating a scene. Dreamworks were great 'cause they were like, just write a song that you would love. This is the scene that it's happening in and that's all you need to know. Ooh. We were just like, let's write something that we enjoy. And being a mom, it informed that scene more so. But we got to see an early screening. They were still animating. Yeah. A lot of it. But they were like, we really need an end title sequence.


And I was like, okay. and I'm glad that they showed us the film because there was just silence when it cut to black and I was like, okay, what am I feeling right now? Yeah. What would I want to hear as someone that loves going to the movies? Enzo, we wrote this other song for the film that they ended up using is the credits. That's kind of an honor. Yeah. That's A big moment. Yeah. And super emotional. We're going to Toronto Tiff. Oh Fun. That's my first time. That's great. That's Cool. Your first premiere. Yeah. And you know, with animated movies, everything's so disconnected until it's out. Yes. All the voice parts are done years before the editing and animating. Yes. No One's met each other. Yeah. So it's kind of interesting. It'll be Fun. I got to hear Pharrell get interviewed by Adam Granville people.


Oh. At this kind of live thing and he was asking him about happy for Despicable Me. That Underrated. That was like, I forget what number, but I wanna say that was the ninth thing. He turned into them. Whoa. And That's Pharrell. Yeah. Oh that's crazy. And then back to the conversation of respect, he said Cool, he wrote Happy and he got a mix and he put it in his car and he drove around and he said, I just couldn't stop listening to it. And they rejected happy and then he went to the president of the studio and he said, look, I haven't really fought back on any of these. I'm asking you to listen to this in a very specific way. I want you to listen to it in your car and I want you to drive around.


And he did that for like an hour and then it's happy. Wow. But it's like that's the magic. Somehow they were correct eight times and he was correct. The one time it was like how long? Advise somebody to know. That is Tricky. Well, like the person that rejected happy, do you think they're just like shaking their boots? They don't have a job. Again, I don't think any, no one's good or bad. Right. It's just once, it hasn't happened eight times. You yourself are in a panic state. Like we can't crack this by nine. I can't even imagine how you're, listen, the president was probably saved having to even go down that path where he could be very objective. but Yeah, once you've gone through eight, I think everyone's probably just fucking pain that Oh. yeah. You can't hear straight You.


You can't hear happy and realize it's happy. Yeah. Oh my God. After like three submissions, I'd be like, I'm not the one for the job. Yeah, exactly. Like clearly you need something else. I can't figure out So good for him. Totally. I think it's like, it's like a really good story to know. Even if you're Pharrell, which I can't think of anyone that has a higher genius IQ for music currently alive or Just like ubiquitous presence in the music scene. Yeah. But do it nine times. Everything deserves nine attempts. That's right. That's the take. If you Can't get it on the ninth, you know? Yeah. You're, you put your foot down. Yeah. The only other thing I wanted to say, 'cause I just think it's really, really funny. Tucker Carlson called you a lunatic country music person.


And then you made shirts that said that and sold shirts. I want that. I think that's so funny. I know. Tell me your size. That's Incredible. It's kind of beautiful though because you know, I'm from the south. I've got a lot of conservative family members when he called me that, it's sort of like you can talk shit about your own family, but no one else can. A lot of them stopped watching his show. Yeah. It like broke the Fox News spell. That's a blessing in disguise. They had to come at one of their own personally. Yeah. And that be Like, most people are Oh. yeah. Yeah. You don't understand it until it's you or it's someone you love. Well, everything's so worldly and distant until you're like, oh my gosh, this is a real person. Talking about my family member, my daughter.


It changes things for sure. Which sucks. But also, hey, glad you arrived at the party finally. That's right. But it's I guess an honor. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. It's a bad of honor. Well Marin, I've enjoyed the hell out of this. I've obviously gleaned throughout this interview that you listen, which is Oh so flattering. It's so Flattering. Yeah. Oh my gosh, I have been so looking forward to this. I feel like I Know you. Oh, huh. And now I kind of do. Now We. Do you do We? do We're all buddies. We're gonna get some scoop after this Somet Wait. Oh, I Know. Yeah. We're gonna go to Taco Bell. I Can't wait. But we'll sit at three different booze. That's Right. Eating insecurely alone while we think people are watching us. Yeah.


It's a sight to see me at Taco Bell when I do go, which is very rare. It's fucking on for the year. I go, I'll eat 12 hard shell tacos. Oh. yeah. Yum. I am hungry now. I am too. We keep bringing, I keep bringing this up. I need to go eat. This was so nice and I'm so glad that you guys are on video now. It's so amazing to be able to just see you guys like come across my feed too. So. Yeah. Goody. Along with being a listener. Well, We adore you. This was really fun. Yeah. And then I certainly won't make the mistake I made ever again. Well, Just remember, you met me today. Yeah. We'll definitely remember that. Be sat for Two hours and chatted. Yeah. Alright. Good luck with everything. Everybody. Listen to Intermission and see the Wild Robot.


Yes. All are great. Thank You. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Canva. We spend a lot of our lives at work. It's time to find ways to enjoy it. Canva makes work more visual, more productive, and dare we say it more fun. Canva is the all in one workplace design platform for presentations, docs, whiteboards, and videos. Canva's, easy to use, tools and templates can elevate your presentation from blah to Wow. We have a friend who uses this a lot to make everything look so good and high end. Well, You can jazz up docs with images and charts from Canva's, massive media library. You can add animation to presentations and get ideas flowing with the team in a fun whiteboard session. Canva makes you and your work look good. No design experience needed. Seriously, your coworkers will think you've been taking a night class in graphic design, even if you have no artistic eye whatsoever. Canva's got hundreds of templates that will make people think you do. You'll love what you can easily design with Canva. And so will everyone else love your work at Canva dot com.


Next off is a fact check. don don't even care about facts. I just wanna get in your pants. Okay. How do you say it? I don't, I, You refuse to say It. It's, there's so many letters in that olive oil brand. I know. Do you have it at home? I do. And so if anyone likes it and asks you about it, what do you say? Okay, let me see how to spell it. Okay. Not a sponsor. Yes. Okay. Yeah, I mean, I guess I would say Loud meal. I would say, oh, it's loud. Oh, I would say, oh, it's, it's La of mi La of, yeah.


Oh, a lot of meal. Yeah. LA of It's probably loud of meal. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going with loud. Like it's a loud olive oil. Yeah. And you're going with, it's a lot of olive oil. Sure. A lot of amino. And both are correct. Yes. A little goes a long way with loud am mito. That should be their catchphrase. I Think they need a catchphrase. That is more telling of what it does. It's, you shouldn't cook with it. I mean, you can, but that's a waste. It's a waste. Yeah. I'm glad you're saying that. 'cause don don't cook with it. Because I think it's a waste. It's more of a, A topper. A drizzle. A dipper. A garnishing. A garnish. A dipping sauce. Yeah, Exactly. A creamer, coffee Creamer. Before we keep going.


Launch in. Yeah. So breaking news. Do you feel the earthquake this morning? I did. Yeah. I did. it Was a long one. it was a long gentle guy where We live. It wasn't too bad. What? Where was it from? Malibu. Oh, it was because it was a five. No way. Yeah. I got a few texts. Oh, checking in. Okay. Family members. Yeah. And Robbie. Yeah. Okay. Oh good. I liked it. 'cause it was long and subtle. and I feel, don don't, I really, probably am not in a position to say this authoritatively. Yeah. I've been in whatever now, 20 of them since I've lived here. Probably. Yeah. They're, they happen a lot. 30 years. Probably more. It does seem that you get a little warning, like you get a little Yes. And then it builds. Right. And then it seems to peak out really soon into it.


And then the rest is just kind of, you know. Yeah. So it was like after the first tense, It's a Bell curve. Yes. Even more a ski slope. Sure. I, I agree. And actually I got kind of cocky. I was like, I can, like, I can like hear earthquakes before they happen. But really I think everyone maybe can. No. you know what's interesting? Wow. I'm so glad you just said that. I would've forgot to bring that point up. I heard it before I felt it. Yeah. But maybe everyone can, But no, I bet the sound waves are moving at 760 miles an hour. Yeah. and I doubt. The quake move from Malibu out at 760 miles an hour. Right. It would happen instantaneously.


Yeah. So I bet we did hear it. But what I was gonna say is once that little peak happens 10 seconds in, you're like, okay, well the rest isn't gonna get worse. Yeah. But You don't know. You are hoping. I feel Confident that that's it. Well I got worried that that was like a preemie And. that there was gonna be like a big one soon. A Big boy. Yeah. Big, Big Baby. Yeah. But never came. It Never came. Anyways. I kind of enjoyed it and it was, it was, it was a long, I wanna say it was a like a 32nd experience. Eh? That's an exaggeration. 20. It was like 10. That's it. Yeah. Think of 10 is actually long. I'll count to 10. Okay. You know what mean? But do with Mississippi's. I was gonna do one thousands, but I'll do Mississippi's.


Okay. What about Nebraska? No. One. One does Nebraska? No. 'cause that's not you. One Nebraska. Two Nebraska. Sounds like Nabisco makes me one. Cookies. Cookie boy. Cookie boy. Ding, ding, ding. One Mississippi, two. Mississippi, three. Mississippi, four. Mississippi, five. Mississippi, six. Yeah, you're Right. Yeah. It's long. Yeah, you're right. I think it was six seconds. I think it was longer. it was One second. Okay. So anyways, I interrupted you. I assume that might be what it was about. Is, was there any destruction in Malibu? Oh, I didn't look. Okay. Yeah, No. I just was wondering if you noticed. Wait, have you done more work? This is every man's favorite question. Well, here's the things. I noticed your hair's up. You have a pretty bow in Thank.


You. It's a clip. A clip. Got that wrong. But what's, what's on top? What are the rough? Yeah, there's a rose. See how it's a rose? Oh, I see. It's a fabric made to look like a rose. Yeah. Susan. Alexandra. Okay, so hair is up and back, face is on full display and I don't see. Did anything change? Yeah. I will tell you this before you tell me. Yeah. You don't read comments. Yes, I don't. Or no I don't. The most consistent comment and I gotta say that. I now relate to you a lot on this. There's another thing we have in common. Okay. People are like, wow. Seeing Monica's face move instead of just in photographs. Yeah. She's so beautiful. Oh, That's nice.


Like I think what's happening for people who are watching the videos is they see the full, the thing I always talk about, they see my Personality a little more. Well just Don don't like any individual freeze frame of my face. Ugh. Questionable. But when it's blur, you know when it's, when I'm moving it fast, it works better. It works better. I'm best to keep it moving. Okay. Anyways, just across the board. Everyone's pretty thunder struck with how beautiful you are. Now that we're on video. That's very sweet. I'm not shocked your hair's back. You got a bow. What else is new? Monica? I'm very buff. Oh, you had your first training session? Yeah. Can you tell? That Would've been two days ago and then this morning.


Oh. Oh No. Oh no. Okay. Second appointment was already canceled Because? Because you got two Buff on the first one? Yeah. Okay. No, because my car is in trouble. Your your your Benzs. Yeah. What's the matter? It's the brake. It says I need it like brake pad situation. Oh, okay. Also the air is low and I know I can, the tires I know I can fix that. Yeah. I went, I went to the gas station. it was out of order. Sure. B, bring your car in here. I have a compressor. Well Now it's at Mercedes. Oh, okay. It's a big problem. Well, I also thought the break, I want if it says that they need to look at the brakes also it's time for a checkup.


Sure. Time for your checkup. Time for Your time. How did you know there was a break issue? It told me It's said. Okay. It Said break and I was like, oh, I guess that means my parking break is on. Sure. Great. First thought. So then I was not texting and driving. I stopped. You pulled over? I pulled over. Yeah. And then I looked up, I actually looked up how to release the parking brake. 'cause I was like, oh, I must've done that accidentally. don don't know how to do it. Right. I still don't really know how to use that car very well. Well it doesn't. Yeah, that's okay. And then it showed me where the parking brake was. So I, you know, tried to do it. You Probably turned it on At that point. Yeah, it didn't do it. It because actually that says park, it doesn't say brake.


So then I looked up what it meant. Yeah. And it said parking, brake stuff. And then when I got back in my car it said it. It said like check parking, brake or something like that. Check in yellow parking. Brake. I mean, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Check Brake pads. Brake pads specifically? Nope. I don't remember what it said. Okay, because I, what, what would be news to me? Okay. Is that it has a break wear indicator on it. What would seem more likely is there was like an A BS issue, which, you know what a BS is let guess It Was an anti braking system. Oh, okay. It's, it's What? Anti-lock breaks a lb. Yeah. But for whatever reason it's a BS 'cause Mercedes, well No, everyone is a BS.


They Love, let's not Make fancy. They're a sponsor, I hope. Well They were. Well they should be. We love them. Yeah. We've given them a lot of money. They could give some back anyways. you know, this was an invention in the, in the eighties and it's lifesaving. Normally you'd slam on your brakes. They'd lock Yeah. Once your brakes, once the brakes are locked in, the tires are sliding, you can't steer Right And, it stops stopping itself. Right. Sliding tires goes a lot farther than if they regain traction. So it's this ingenious solution, which is once it detects that it's locked, the front wheels are moving at a different speed than the rear wheels. It releases the brake let's it get traction again, then reapply the brake. And then if it breaks, it releases And.


it does it like a million cycles in a, you know, it's so fast, but it's electronic And that could easily go wrong. Okay. You don't have enough miles on your car to have gone through a set of brake pads. Do you know what I, many miles you're at, you're in the teens still, right? I don't know much. I don't need I bet you're barely in the team. I go to Santa Monica sometimes. Oh, so, Which is like maybe 19 miles is the crow flies So. Yeah. Even when you're in the, even if you drove your car for hours a week in LA you've really probably only gone 90 miles. 'cause the traffic's So shitty. Yeah, it's true. Anyw who? My goodness. You. So how'd you love Talking about car stuff? Yeah, It's really nice. Well, I always lose you And I mean.


Yeah. I stopped listening. But I think it's nice that you like something so much and you know so much about it. That's great. What do you think's under it? I, I think I know the appeal of it. Okay. That's is like maybe because cars don't have emotions. Yeah. When there's a problem, there's always a solution. Yeah. Like if you understand how it works Yeah. You can understand why it's not working. And it can be fixed. Right. I want, I kind of feel like that's the appeal of it. Yeah. I mean I, you like knowing how things work. I do That in general. Sure, sure. And so I, that's probably connected. You like knowing this Is the first two. I'm definitely cutting that. You sure? Yeah.


Some people say I look hot when I blow my nose. Who says that? No one's ever said that. Do you think it's The reason I, the reason I said that is 'cause I've seen, I've never left it in ever. So there's no way anyone could have possibly seen it. Well, I blow my nose in public a lot. Oh. And people are like, oh my god sir. Oh My God. Well you blow your nose again. Do you Mind? You're so attractive when you do that, Which you are. So would you mind blowing your nose again? You are so attractive. I was sitting next to you for the last six miles on this bus and it was not until you blew your nose where I thought you are so attractive. Ooh. I wonder if there is anything like that And blows nose blowing fetish for certain. Oh, Well for sure that. But I mean like something a little tick or something that somebody does.


Like, I wonder if there's anything I do that you could be sitting by me for a long time and not notice. And then I do like one thing and then I'm noticeable. You do a lot of weird mouth and tongue stuff. I've been noticing that I Shouldn't have even said weird. You do a lot of interesting And this is what we learned to switch in India. For me to say That's interesting. Instead of weird again. Then this goes back to the fact that I was aspiring to be weird. So weird to me is very positive. So, okay. So you, you do a lot of interesting mouth lips and tongue thinking. Right. You know, like some people they, they clue that they're thinking in certain ways. They'll raise an eyebrow. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They'll Blow their nose. Well, as we establish, I do a lot of face acting.


Yeah. You're a great face actor. So. yeah. That could happen. Someone could be like, oh, I love this playful thing you do with your mouth while you're thinking. Mm. Or they might be like, are you Available for dinner? My name is Kenneth. That'd Be great. Oh my God. Hi. I didn't recognize you. 'cause you keep changing your face. Like you keep getting to face transplant. I every Six months. Wow. I try to. Wow. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Good for you. A Lot of people just their face rejects their, their head rejects faces like some kidney transplant people. Oh, that's me. I see. So I get about six months out of a transplant and then it gets ris Of Oh, okay. Yeah. Well I'm busy Because of the gangs face transplant.


No. I just have a lot going on. Didn't and I didn't in that shallow, I have a lot going on in my life. Okay. You got a lot of car issues you're dealing with. Call me when that's all sorted out. Anyways. Back to your car. There's no way You don't need new brake pads. Okay, well that's fine. It's at the shop. Okay. I'd like to interface with them when they call. Okay. I'm nervous about What, but I also need like an oil change and a regular It's time. Yeah. And what are we doing about that door? I've hired Anna's brother to help me out. Okay. I was just with for the last two days. Yeah. I know. 'cause I asked him to do some stuff and he was, he couldn't. Oh, okay. It, it is just like a couple things here and there. I'm sorry, I must interrupt. Would you? This is fun. Okay. He's so cute. And he's your friend's little brother?


Yeah. Are you about to ask if I'm attracted? Yeah, I am. I was kind of with him for two days and I'm like this, he is so cutest. He's very cute and he is charming. Yeah. But he's a little brother. I'm, it's hard. I little brother. I can't be attracted to someone's little brother who's my friend. And that's great. I think some people have a pattern of being attracted to their friend's. Little brothers. I think that's a thing. Really. Well I know a lot of little brothers that had a lot of good offerings from having an older sister because I think this is how it happens. Whoa. Your guard is down. Sure. This is the same reason why I have this theory about a couple different guys. They've been on the show and I've suggested this to them.


They seem so safe. Yeah. That they're very disarming and people will just kinda wake up in their bed and they're like, what happened? I wasn't even, I didn't have my guard up. So I think you enter into, you are in a position of feeling powerful and kind of above hierarchical. Right. So you're confident and they're cute. Yeah. And they're safe. 'cause they're younger than you and they feel more innocent. Yeah. And if you're someone that's spooked easily, I could see where that's a thing. Okay. I could see that too. But we've already talked about, I'm not crazy about Little Brothers. Right? Well this is new. We have talked about it, but just as of like four weeks ago, It's not even, that's not right.


That's not You introduced me to Little Brother Energy. Yeah. Which is, and you said I had it, which is, I didn't say you had it. You said you were a little brother and I said, it's not just being, it you can have little Brother Energy and not be a little brother. It's a, it's a, it's a trying very hard. Okay. You can sometimes dip in. Yes. Because you had a specific example. I did. Yeah. I can't remember exactly what it was, but I was doing something and you said this is very little brother energy. But my main example is Rhode Island. Rhode Island is Little Brother Energy. The state. Yes. It's always wanting to, To be, I said the country I know no one, no one knows what it is.


Really And it No one knows Is the Yeah. It's, it wants badly to be, to get the approval of New York. Well, no, don don't even That's Right. Boston, other places nearby Boston. It's Sister Cities, other places. All the places nearby. I now I have a different read on Rhode Island. Okay. The country and the city. Little brother Maybe. Yeah, maybe. Oh God. Okay. Because Providence. Sure. Boston's its little. It's Big Brother. Okay. And Boston had all this infamous mafia. Yeah. Whitey Bulger. Yes. That whole scene. Yeah. And Providence I know they had their own criminal scene. And, it got really outta control.


And they kind of overperformed. No, that's the pro they like index. They wanted also to be Mo here. That's thing. Old little brothers sometimes can become bigger than the big brother. Yeah. That's what happened to. But it's, I grew bigger than my big, Big brother. It's, it's trying too hard. It's trying too hard. Okay. Okay. Anyway, Live show in Providence to mend this fence. If I love our Rhode Island listeners. Yes. You just don't like the energy of their state. That's right. Or Country. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. We put so many, we left a lot of trails. Breadcrumbs Door. The the door. Yeah. Juan Show while I was gone. He took it there. He took it to Mercedes to have it looked at. They said it's gonna be $10,000.


No, that's So I said no. Yeah, yeah. Good. Yeah. I was like, no, there. That's not true. And so we'll find another place. I Have a body shop guy. Okay. We will do it on the cheap. Okay. Thank. You. I said it Won't be great. Okay. I've had, but I've had mine done twice there. Okay. At some point if you know, you're gonna be scratching into shit. Yeah. And you're not gonna have a fucking perfect Car. A car show level car. Like who cares? Yeah. Like Kenny came out and looked at my bands and he went to school for autobody. Oh, Ken Kennedy. He did. Yes. He went to Ferris State for autobody. He and six classmates were driving home in a van or a station wagon on icy roads. The driver lost control of the car. Yeah.


They rolled the car out into the median. It landed on its wheels. Oh. They all had their tools with them and they all got out and started pulling dents out and fixing the window. Oh my God. And there was six guys that were majoring in auto body on the side of the road and they just kinda repaired car. Wow. And they got back on the road and drove home. How funny is that? That's great. Yeah. Don don't even know an analogy that would be more perfect than that. But Kenny, But Kenny, he looked at the car one second. I would've never picked this up. The indicators on back that tell you if you're getting too close to something. The little radar devices, they're black. They stay black. Well, when this person painted my bumper, they just blasted over those.


Oh, it still works. The radar goes through the paint. Right. But he's like, oh, you had this repainted. They didn't mask off that. He was like, Ew. He turned his nose up at it. Oh he did. Which he always does with all my stuff. Kenny, he's very, very, he has, he's He's very meticulous. He's very meticulous. And you can't make him happy and I'll love him. Well That's why he's so, he's so big brother. That's Why he's Ken Kennedy. He's so big cover. Well he's first born. Exactly. Yeah. I would love for him to come over and fix. Fix my car. Fix your Car. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You don't he, so if it was 10 brand a Mercedes dealer, it be 25. If Kenny did it because he, oh my God. That's now this is where he's hoisted by his own batard. He and I. What? We grew up working on cars together. Yeah. Let's give some context to Ken.


He's your Friend Ken. Ken is one of my very best friends from Michigan. And. we had this really fun relationship. 'cause we went to different high schools. And, we met at another kid's birthday party, but we really liked each other. And then we really started hanging out when I was 15 and he was 16 because he had a Mustang gt. Yeah. and I lived to go drag racing. Yeah. And. we would go drag racing in his Mustang gt. And often he would let me drive it even when I was 15 and race guys. And then I got a Mustang GT And. we both had Mustang gts. So our friendship was like, he was my outlet for cars. 'cause I hung out with all the artistic kids and the snowboarders. But on the weekends I would go with Ken Kennedy And. we would go to Grat And, we would go to Milan, Dragway And. we were constantly working on cars together. And he hates how I work on cars.


'cause I'm like, let's get this fucker running in the next two hours. don don't really care if I had the right gasket, I could make this gasket work. Let's just put a little RTV here and we'll, but he has to do everything by the numbers. Yes. Well, he went to school And it's just his nature. He's very anal for lack of a, He is so kind and sweet. And he's, and like the loveliest, loveliest person he is adore Him. And he's so protective and, and he takes care of people. And if you go somewhere with, he's like thought of the things you'll need. He's Incredibly, he brings flowers when he comes to stay with you. Yes. He texted me on my birthday. No, he, he's the one person who texted me on September 1st and said, I know 20 years buddy.


Like, yeah. He's so sweet. Yeah. Back to my grievances with him. First of all, he borrowed my hell cap the last trip and he took it out of the mode it was in and put in eco mode to save 4 cents on the highway. This is So Ken Kennedy, mind you, this is might be my biggest grievance of 2023. Oh My God. I Don't, he doesn't even know how angry I'm about this. Oh no. Well be gentle. It's okay. He needs to hear gentle. He's here right now. No, no. He just needs to hear. Oh, okay. So he borrowed the car. He wants to save 5 cents on the highway. So he switches it to eco mode, which is a joke that takes it from 707 horsepower to 500. It's already preposterous. Yeah. Anyways, ever since he did that, it now defaults in eco mode.


And I've gotta go into the fucking menu and put it in my mode. And then I've looked up online and they're supposed to come in eco mode. And you always have to do that. Mine wasn't like that. I don't know why, but because Ken Kennedy put it in fucking eco mode. Now every time I get in it, I gotta reprogram the thing to get it to perform. That's kind of a great prank. If it were an intentional prank, it'd be perfect. How do you know he wasn't messing with you? I don't know. Well, You could call him Ass, but I know. But I know Ken Kennedy. He is a bit of a prank. He Could be, he can be messing with, You know, here's a prank. He pulled on me. What? And it's mixed with his, of course. His sweetness. Yeah. So my Mustang sat in Michigan. I moved to California.


I never brought it out. It stayed at home. It loitered up my mom's shop. Everyone hated that it was there. I had at one point blown the mechanical fuel pump. And Kenny knew I was coming back into town. And so he was nice enough. Now this is where he is so sweet. He put in a new fuel pump for me on the weekend. Oh. And he put an electrical fuel pump in. And then where my company or my family's business, we did a lot of business at the airport. Journalists would fly in when we would have a new GM car sitting at this quick park. This parking area? Yeah. And. we had a lot of spots there. And we'd leave cars for journalists. They'd pick 'em up, they'd return 'em there when they flew in and out. So he's like, your car will be at Quick Park.


I'm like, kind of awesome. Yeah. My own car will be at Quick Park. Right. This is fun. I go to Quick Park and I look at the like tag. You pick up the tag and I look at the key chain. Al. Also, there's a Corvette zero one key fob on it for some reason. Well, that's new. And then it says like, between G and A 34. I'm like, what? What the fuck is this? I go out to the lot and there's a cement median separating two areas of the parking spots. And it's probably like an eight inch lip on this concrete embankment. He brought ramps with him to Quick Park, parked my Mustang up on the cement block. What?


And the, the Mustang was sitting on the cement block. Oh my God. And I've gotta get home, get it home. And if I go slow off of it, it'll drop the front wheels and then drag the whole thing. Maybe even get caught on there. So basically what I had to do, oh My gosh. I had to fucking wrap it up and dump the clutch and just go as fast as I could and jump the Mustang off a thing. But this, he took the time to bring ramps to Quick Park my and put it up on this fucking cement island. How did he get it up there with Ramps? He brought with him ramps and drove it up in reverse. And he wasn't worried you were gonna ruin the car. Worth it. See there's where a prank he will go for a prank.


Wow. I think the eco thing was a prank. I that Well, it's a great one. 'cause it's gonna last forever. It makes me almost wanna sell the car. Wow. That's great. Anyway, okay. Now back Yeah. To your Mercedes. I got a spot. Thank You. It won't be perfect. That's, Kenny will know it, but no one else will know it. But Kenny Mm. I want Kenny to like it. He's not gonna Okay, fine. Don't ever let him see the passenger side of your car. Won't. I won't. Okay. So all to say back, back to your face. No, I had to, I, I skipped today's training because the car Because You needed to get it to the Yeah, I don't have, I don't have it. So I, like, I walked here today. Oh. Anyway, I had to skip my second session.


Okay. How was your first session? But I Rescheduled it for Saturday, so it's not like, okay, good. I'm not skipping it completely. First session was great. I am so sore. You are? Yes. and I was not expecting it. And, but of Course you are. You're like doing things you've never done. I know. But also, it wasn't too hard. He asked me, like, on a scale of one to 10, how hard was that? and I was like, Hmm. A four. Oh. And he was like, oh wow. Okay. Great. And, and then I was like, I mean, am I, am I just doing like an ego thing? But it, I wasn wasn't Yeah. It felt all very doable. Yeah. And then, and he did say, he said, well, since we don't work out with weight, did you do mask weight Movements?


You did, did you squat? Yeah, we did squats. Weights? Well, just the bar. No, we, I used a kettlebell. Kettlebell. Okay. Both like holding it on my chest and also like holding it down. Okay. Do you know What I mean? Sure. Between your legs? Yeah. Yeah. Don don't know the names of anything. Okay. Okay. But I did an hour's worth of stuff. And did you hate it or enjoy It? No, I enjoyed it. You did? Yes. Oh, good. I did enjoy it. and I could see you getting into it. It's a to-do list. Well, exactly. I mean, it's, it's like riding. It's, I like, haven't done it. Yeah. I like after. But he was great. He pulled on my pants.


Oh My God. He pulled on your, which you evaluate what he was starting with. What if he's like, we need to start with some picture before and after pictures. And he Some baseline. Some Baseline. Let's get some baseline pics. Nice. What did you wear? Did you get like a brand new outfit for this? No, I didn't even think about that. Oh, That's shocking. Wow. Nuts. You gotta eventize it. That's what Pane taught me. And. That's right. Another friend Andrew Pane, God I did 20 minutes on pane. I Know. No, don don't have time. But he did tell, he did teach me that. Yeah. You get a very special outfit. Yeah. And when you put it on, you're event izing the whole thing. And now you like, it's time to go. Yeah. That's my life.


I get it. Yeah. Okay. But, but for this, I didn't, I wasn't ready to do that. What did you Wear? Like an old pair of stained sweats and a ripped up painter's T-shirt? No. Did you look like a fucking ho Ball? I, okay. Look, I walk. It's not like I've never like stepped into a workout situation. He did ask, he said, he said, you've never worked out with a trainer before. He was shocked. Oh, Okay. But now comes why he was shot. What's your story in your head of what he was? So, because you're in such great shape. Well, he did later say, because I you're in great shape. I told him about my cholesterol. Okay. And he was like, what He needs to know about that.


He was like, like you told your waiter about your cholesterol. No. Like you tell everyone A trainer needs to know what's going on with my heart. I don't think so. What? Yes. I don't think your trainer needs to know about your cholesterol, but continue. Definitely he does. He was surprised. 'cause everything, 'cause I was so good at everything. Oh, Okay. Okay. And also, yeah, when I told him about my cholesterol, he, he said, that's really surprising because you're, you're so fit. And I was like, I know it's genetic. And he was like, yeah, my mom was really small. But also, oh, I shouldn't say that. I shouldn't, well, I'm not saying his name. Okay, great. Wanna pretend. Did he ask you anonymity what your workout goals were?


Yes, he Did. And what did you say? I said, I really just wanna build strength and build muscle, but I Don't wanna look jacked. Yeah. Yeah. I said I don't wanna look too, did you Say I wanna be stronger than my coworker? No. Okay. I said I I don't wanna be bulky. Right. but Yeah and then, but you Would be bulky in the back, right? What's that mean? Like, You'd in my butt. Yeah. You'd grow up big old muscular ass, right? No, no. I mean, I want it to be toned and like firm. Yeah. And nice. But no and nice. My boob. Okay. This is just the way I look at the mirror and look at my body. Yeah. Yeah. What other people's bodies are?


Whate great. Everyone's great. Yeah, everyone's perfect. But I don't think, because my boobs are so big and because I'm so short Yeah. There's so much going on. Okay. That I think a big butt. It's just not what I'm looking for. It's too much. It's too much stuff Going on. It's not what I'm looking for. Okay. Great. Great. I want a humongous butt I know. That's why I asked. you know, but you don't have big boobs. Well, I do have a pretty Nice shot. No, you don't have big boobs. You haven't A pretty big boobs. It's, I can do this with them. I know. That's, You can't. Yes I can. If your boobs were, if you really have big boobs, you'd be able to do this. Okay. So it went great and, And you liked it and I liked it and you would've, but you were very sore.


Oh. He said, because you haven't worked out with weights that much, you'll probably be sore. Yeah. And I was like, yeah, But you were like, no I won't. And I Was like, I don't know, maybe a little bit. Yeah. And I'm so sore. Right. Where, where the most, Mainly my legs and my butt. But mainly my legs. Your butt. That's gotten bigger. I Mean, everything's gotten huge. I can't believe you didn't know this. Did You look in your mirror to see if you could see changes after the first workout? No. Like you're eight years old. No, I didn't. I would've I Did. Are you gonna take before and after pictures? You kind of should. Oh no. Okay. I'm, I'm out. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna let you do all this on your own. I'll stay right out of it.


I will. Now, I brought something in today which don don't normally do. Oh my God. I wanna set this up by saying my mom sweet Laura, she doesn't listen to this show in a healthy way, But she knew about Lu. So maybe she listens to syc. I think she watches, I think she follows this on Instagram. So there's a clip. She'll see it, but again, she doesn't listen and again, in a healthy way. Yeah. So I don't think this'll get back to her. Okay. Uhoh. And if it gets back to her, maybe she needs to hear it. Oh. Like Kenny. This is like, this is, this is your episode where you're telling everyone things not to their face.


It's called a clean in the closet episode. Fact check. Well, I was gonna start with a question of, and my mom's a little older than your parents. Okay. I'm just gonna get right to it then. So my mom for a while now, and I gotta say, and I'll try to describe it visually. you know the, there's an a SL sign for I Love You and it's very big in our family. Or We do this a lot. If we see each other from the audience, we give it. And it's a thumb out, your first finger out and your pinky Out. It's very cute. So my mother signs off with that emoji. But it's the black emoji.


And what's really funny is it's on a lot of the group text to my brother and my sister. And I'm kind of like waiting One said, Anything, anyone, three of us are gonna go. Like, mom, you probably, I mean you pro I, I don't think you know what you're doing. and I also pro don don't. You're like Wayne telling her. 'cause who cares? It's on this chain. But then you are wondering, is she gonna send it to someone else? Oh sure. Is she sending this to everybody? Well, which is Also, does she even know, like, I'm gonna show you. 'cause I, I can't imagine you even believe me. Well, what's funny though is you have to pick that. Oh sure.


Like, it's not that it, it's like a default. Okay. I'm gonna, I'm doing a screenshot to you right now and I'm gonna shoot it over. Jumps Out. Jake comes in yellow. Exactly. Originally. And so you have to hold, Oh my God. She, and there's no way she figured out how to hold. What she may have figured out how to do is she accidentally held one time and now that now it's the white one's gone. Okay. That, but I don't even know if she notices. It's black. That's what I'm wrestling with. I think the first time you use it, it makes you pick a color. Okay. But I do feel like the past, but it defaults too yellow. The past. She's been doing this for a while. But it has, and then you gotta wonder is it intentional? I gotta guess. I gotta ask her.


I maybe, should we call her? Oh no. Is it gonna make her, I don't wanna make No, She's got a good sense of humor. Let's see. Okay. Oh my God. I hope. Oh, thank God you answered. Why is that? I'm recording right now. Oh, okay. I'll try to be polite. Oh, okay. Well, and I'm airing, I'm gonna be honest with you, I'm airing a little, I'm talking with Monica and I'm asking her if she's noticed anything that her parents are doing as they get older or they've, they've actually signaled like, okay, they're out of, they're outta step on this one thing.


Oh Jesus. So you you have one. You have one. and I haven't been telling you. And I've decided to do it on air. Well, Okay. When you send me a text and you send me that wonderful. I love you sign. Yeah. Do you realize you're sending the black person's one? Oh? Yeah. I like it better. Oh, Axer. I like it better. What a great answer. It's hard to argue with that mom.


You just visually you like it better. I Deliberately choose that one. 'cause I like it better. Oh, okay. Great. Now you, now you know. Okay, now let's back up. Yeah. you know that you can't go in black face, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, but if you got to pick the prettiest skin you could have. That's the skin I pick. Okay. That's, wow. That's really Rebutt great. That's gonna be hard to cancel you. Yeah. Carly pulls the car over all the time and says you can't say that. Okay. So you are saying, you're saying some things that maybe are out of date. Well, Yeah, I mean, yeah. I suppose So. It's gonna happen to everyone. It is. Yeah. Yeah. It, it's cultural. It's what you are brought up with.


You are such a good sport. I love you. You are so much. Come on. Well, I'm glad you love me 'cause I love the dickens inside of you. Okay. Alright. Well I love you Thank, You for picking up. Well, Can I just say one more thing real quick? Yes, of course. It's funny that you would call on this because Daniel and I, I don't know if you can see, we've painted this room ceilings, the trim, the walls. We've been working a whole week on it. Yeah. This would've taken me one day while I got home from work. Yeah. We, I just was out in the garage with him and I said to him, if you're doing that door, it's gotta be turned over 'cause you're painting at the color.


We're not gonna go through that again. We hear him in the background. He goes, we're not going through that again, are we? So the doors are being painted. Can you see 'em? Yes, I can. and I Said to him, you've gotta flip the rug. Oh shit. Oh, what happened? What happened? Now you just spilled a whole can of paint. Do I get paper towel? Yes. Oh boy. I, I can't even tell you what a zoo it is with two septa doing home improvement. It is nothing like when I did home improvement five years ago.


Yeah. We are both stupid tired. I I told him three Times. Stupid and tired is a bad combo. Huh? Stupid and tired is a bad combo Every day from the moment you wake up. Okay. And, and so here we are and we're in this world and I come out here and he's got the door flipped over and I said, I, did you remember I told you to flip that door over? And he goes, what? What? No, it's right. I said, no, we just went through this whole thing. I picked up the door and I moved it next to the other door and showed you how it was the wrong side. And he goes, Oh. yeah. Well I think you're right. And it We do this All day long.


One room. Wanna Know the, you wanna know the decline. The decline is we are on a bobsled in Norway. We Okay. You're I love you. I love you too. Bye. Okay. So she knows that's a, she knows What a reveal. She knows what that was a reveal. I like it more. What are you gonna say to that? Yeah. Right. I guess we said everything that should be said. Yeah. There's really no more to say about it. Yeah. Okay. Maybe she doesn't really know that. Or maybe she does, but that like, it is supposed to be you Right now that I don't know that she understands that part. Right. Right.


Clearly not. She Just is like, oh, I like this. Yeah. This is preferable to the lighter colored. Right. But not, it's not me. It's, it's not my hands. Okay. Any who I did ask Carley. I mean it, ultimately what happens is the, your parents will be 90 and they're at the table. My grandmother used to say this. My grandmother was not a bigot by any stretch. And as she got way older, she reverted back to when she was a kid. Well, we're just gonna let it slide at this dinner table. 'cause she's 90 years old. Yeah. I know what to say to that. It is how you grow up. And it's, so that's, that is why like Less assured what we're saying right now will change by the time we're 90.


It will change. We're never gonna land on the thing. It just, that's not how language works. No, no. For sure. There's a million things that Yeah. We do now. We don't have any idea that are gonna be wrong. And at some point your memory will just stop helping you. Like it'll, it just, it'll only be that core memory you have. Like, you don't even have access to the thing that it, it evolved into, I guess. I mean, I, I do think, and this Like, you're gonna say unhoused at some point when you're 96 and someone's gonna lose their mind. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. But when it comes to race Yeah. you know, it, it, it is dependent on your upbringing and how you and your surroundings and all of those things because, and ding, ding, ding.


'cause you had mentioned India and weird and interesting and all of that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Which was a tussle between us. And actually, you know, I thought so much about it when I got home from that trip. Oh, okay. you know, it was like, I'm really glad, I'm really proud Yeah. That I'm from here and I'm glad that I'm from here. Yeah. And that's true. I am. Or that was shown to me in like such a wonderful way. But I think part of it is also I'm, I'm grateful, I'm grateful to, this is gonna sound so weird, but not be part of the hegemonic group. Oh no, that doesn't sound terribly weird to me. I can see like from the inside, the, The outsider, The outsider's perspective.


And so I have a quicker access to empathy there because it's just built in. Like don don't have to work hard. Right. To understand when someone says they've, they've, I mean everyone can un can relate to being other in some ways, but if it's like a racist thing, I'm there. Yep. and I, I am glad I have that. Like that's a perspective that I, I like walking through the world with and not having to work very hard to do, to do So. yeah. Well it's, I would say it's very similar to being really grateful you're an addict. Like it's Yeah. you know, it's a thing that you were dealt and you can come to love it. Yeah. And then and have so much understanding for others in a way that a lot of other people can't do.


Right. Or have to work very hard to, to do. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I think we did leave a lot of open ends, but Great. We'll revisit them. Yeah. We'll come back to that at some point Last week In 2022. Okay. A couple some facts. This is for Marin Maren. Morris. Lovely. Okay. The Sex and the City episode that was about single person behavior is called the Good Fight. It's in season four. It's episode 13. Great revisit. That should be streaming on your max app. Carrie finds living with Aiden is tough. Okay. She misses her single lifestyle In her secret single behavior.


Okay. Secret single behavior. So I looked up her percentage of people who don't fart around their spouse. Probably hard to find. It's not that easy to find. According to one study reported by the Plymouth Herald, around 45% of couples in the southwest of England claim they don't fart in front of their spouse. It's a very limited, I also speaking in broad generalities here, I do imagine Americans fart in front of their spouse more than English people do. Oh. Because I have, they're so proper. I have an, a stereotype that they're a little more proper than us. Except not the countryside ones. Right. They have white trash like me there. Well, and just, I think they have, it's like, So they got some bumpkins Well they Some country bumpkins.


Okay. Some hicks. No, I'm not, not Hicks. Like just, it's more cozy like in the holiday where she lives in that little like cute, cozy Right. Kind of cabin Wool sweaters. Yeah. In a hearth. Yeah. don don't think those aren't proper. No. Do you think they fart? I I still don't think they're farting As much as Americans. Yeah. In the, in the movie they fart. Oh, okay. Then I, yeah. Then I guess that seems high to me by the way. 45. That 45% is not, not partying. I mean you're talking about decades together. Yeah, I agree. I think it's, I think it's weird. Okay. Now you said that Spotify reported its first profitable quarter. Yeah. Just last year. Yeah. Spotify reported its first profitable quarter in the first quarter of 2024.


There you go. Even more recent. Yeah. I mean, that's crazy. It is. Okay. The, there's a New York Times article on the middle. It's called Diary of a Song. So maybe this is a separate thing Back up. Yeah. First of all, I heard diarrhea and I'm dead serious. I'm not trying to do a bit. Okay. Okay. So back up really far. What was the setup for that? She talked about a series called Anatomy of a Song. Okay. And. that they did one on the middle. Okay. And there is a New York Times piece called Diary of a Song, not Diarrhea. Okay. I wonder if there's ever been the word diarrhea in a headline of the New York Times. Probably not. I'm sure you think Of course.


Yeah. Like deaths Soldiers struck with diarrhea or something. Yeah. Or Of pig or diarrhea Outbreak. People still die of it. Well, Bill Gates, I found, I found one Oh. yeah. See He was remarkably healthy until I need to pay he until chronic diarrhea nearly killed him. Oh? Yeah. Oh, okay. Chronic. They added chronic to make it more medical. No diarrhea is the medical Term. Well it's a chronic Hershey squirt. Ew. Ew. Healthy Otherwise healthy man dies of chronic Hershey squirt. Oh God. Is diarrhea. Is diarrhea is the medical term, right?


Yeah. But if you are, if you study it, it's technically hos reus or hos Re That's right. Yeah. If You're an expert in the field. Okay. Pharrell for happy. Yeah. 10 attempts. What did I say? Nine even more. I was nervous. I exaggerated. That's generally what I tend to do. No, No. Wow. And just confirming, I'm not gonna go down the list. 'cause we have talked about it before. Okay. I will. Jobs with high suicide rates. Okay. Okay. Medical doctors, dentists, police officers, veterinarians, financial services, real estate agents, electricians, lawyers, farmers, pharmacists. Isn't that all the job sectors at that point?


No, our job isn't on here. Podcasters. Okay. Well I, ooh, I should've started. That's a huge group for a data group. It is 8 million blast. I heard 8 million active podcasts. That's a huge, that's right. There's probably more podcasters than Dennis. Okay. But that's a good question. How many people do you think, Oh my God, there's more podcasters than Dennis. Well, how many people do you think qualify themselves? Like, like if somebody asks us our job, somebody ask me my job. Yeah. I say, well, I don't say I'm a podcaster. I know. It's very embarrassing. No, it's not. You'd have to say, I host a podcast. I do. Right. I say I produce and host a Podcasts. Well, it iss embarrass. And that's why you don't say podcaster.


Be honest. I It's not, it's not that it's embarrassing. It just doesn't seem Accurate. It's incredibly accurate. Accurate. You're a podcaster. Yeah. But it sounds really embarrassing. Why though? Because there's 8 million and it's a punchline in every show you watch. Right. But what's the difference? Who Between who? Boyfriend. Oh, he's a podcaster. It's like a, it's like a, it's a go-to joke in everything. Yeah. You know what I do say, God, I do. I say I. I host and produce a podcast network. And you add pro, you add network. That's True. I know. I know. But you add a lot of things. You add Purdue. Well, I want them to know the reality of my life. I'm not just a podcast don. Don't just step into the booth and step out.


You don't. But the thing that you're making all the money on is actually your podcasting just to, I hate to break that to you. What do you mean? You're a very good editor. You're very good at a lot of things. The reason you're making a ton of money is 'cause of your personality. It's actually your podcasting. Well, podcasting incorporates all the pieces. The editing is a huge piece of my day. So it has to be Included. I could find another editor that would do a good enough job. I could not find another Monica Padman. Okay. I hate this is like a compliment. And your her. Yeah, it well. Yeah. 'cause I'd like to, I kind you to be bald. Would like to see you try. I'm serious.


And And that great. That was, that would free up a lot of time for me. It would. So you circle back it. Wouldn't you circle back on that. Anyway. All right. Well, I hate to end on suicide, but that is where we are. Well, it's off in the end. Wow. Yeah. Should we call my mom back to put it back on a high note? See what else she's doing. All right. All right, love. I love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Being a part of a royal family might seem enticing, but more often than not, it comes at the expense of everything like your freedom, your privacy, and sometimes even your head. Even the Royals is a podcast from Wondery that pulls back the curtain on royal families past and present from all over the world to show you the darker side of what it means to be royalty. Like the true stories behind the six wives of Henry vii, whose lives were so much more than just divorced, beheaded, died, divorce beheaded, survived, or Esther of Burundi, a princess who fled her home country to become France's first black supermodel. There's also Queen Christina of Sweden, an icon who traded in dresses for pants, had an affair with her lady in waiting, and eventually gave up her crown because she refused to get married. Throw in her involvement in a murder and an attempt to become Queen of Poland. And you have one of the most unforgettable legacies in royal history. Follow even the Royals on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge even the Royals ad free right now on Wondery Plus.