
Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert Experts. On Expert. I'm Dan Shepherd and I'm joined by Miss Lily Padman. Hi. What a timely episode this is. We, we couldn't have planned it this way. In fact, I wanted to release this early. You did. And I actually tried, but I didn't work out and then it ended up really working out What timing? What timing? Marian Jones. God did I love Marian Jones. Fuck Marian Jones. Former world champion, track and field athlete and former professional basketball player. She's a five time Olympic medalist, formerly deemed the fastest woman on the planet. As you remember, if you lived through all that, she had all of her medals stripped from her.


She now has one of the most inspirational stories of perseverance and it's incredibly inspiring. And she's taken all this and she has driven performance, which is dedicated to helping people activate their potential. She's used everything she's learning, she's still working in this world and it's, It's a real testament to attitude and perspective. Oh my God. It's one of the most harrowing, crazy stories. Yeah, we've heard. Yeah. I love her. I love Marion Jones. Me too. Please enjoy Marion Jones.


We are supported by Squarespace. Did you know our website is powered by Squarespace? Of course you did. Monica and Rob. Naturally you did. 'cause you designed it. We wanted something slick and easy to use and there is simply no better option. When you look at their features like their blueprint, AI makes designing easy and fun. And with fluid engine you can customize every detail with a simple drag and drop interface. Plus you can accept payments any way you like. And their SEO tools help people find you online. Check out Squarespace dot com for a free trial or go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


We are supported by Sleep Number. Ugh. Mattresses can be a pretty big purchase. It's kinda like a home. You and your partner have to shop around for one that you'll both love that's comfortable and suited to your preferences. Well, I'm about to make your lives a whole lot easier. Instead of hopping around from store to store. Just check out Sleep Number Smart Beds. They're designed for you and your partner's ever evolving sleep needs. When you see it, you'll know it's the one I mean. This just changed the lives of my bride and I. The fact that we didn't have to compromise on the firmness of the mattress and the fact that it can evolve as we evolve is incredible. Sleep Number is great because it's all about what you need. You can adjust the firmness to your ideal settings on each side. Perfect for couples. The smart beds respond and adjust to your movements throughout the night to help you sleep better. My Sleep Number is an 85. Whether you need something with more support or something to help quiet the snores. Sleep Number has you covered. So sleep Better together with a Sleep Number Smart Bed. It's the only bed that lets you make each side firmer or softer whenever you like your Sleep Number setting. Only at a Sleep Number store or Sleep Number dot com.


Welcome. how are you? You Guys kind of match. I like it. We're Matching. Is that we? Yeah. you guys have similar pant colors. Look at that. And then white just gotta Get you a Carolina blue top. Same palette. Yes. So your wife leaving getting a mammogram. Oh Yeah. How hours She was off to. That's so funny. Your Kid came out of the car and they were like, my mom's going to Get a mammogram straight out. With the full disclosure. My mom's got diarrhea. We're going to the start to get Pep Bismol. You just Have one, two. How old are you? You met the 9-year-old I think in the driveway. And then we have an 11-year-old too floating around. Boy or girls?


Both. Girls. It's the way to go. Every time I'm around little boys I go thank fucking God. Well careful how soon you're saying that 'cause you're about to hit an age. I have one that just turned 15 on Friday. A girl. It's The fucking worst. Yeah. It changes by the minute. Who she is. It is hormonal. Right. I learned that from my oldest who just turned 21 on Friday. Wait, wait. You have two children of the same birthday? Yeah, The oldest and the youngest. He turned 21 on Friday and then a 15 year on Friday. No way. And it just happened like at one. I'd be so pissed if I was that older sibling. Well, when they were, when they were young, they loved it. And then in the middle they hated it. Now they don't care. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. They say that there are different phases that are easier and yes, I've heard teenage gals, but I hate to say it.


I think it's mostly directed at you. The mom. The mom. Yeah. I think the dad gets out kind of scot free. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. That's, that was my experience as a teenager. My mom pretty much got all the around. I'm Gonna tell you it is literally by the minute I brought her out here, just she and I, a girl trip a few weeks back. We did Universal. She was great. And then the next day, Good morning mother. The devil's here. My mom did just say, you just wait to me. Right. Exactly. Like you're gonna get what you, You're gonna reap what you sow. I find myself tiptoeing because I don't want drama. Nah, You got to though. There's two variables in the equation. You're one of them. She's one of 'em and she's 15. So, and she's gonna win. Guess what? One's gotta change. Like I find myself texting in the chores that she has to do Because you don't want to face to face.


I don't wanna deal with it. Sure, sure, sure. How old's your oldest? 2103 and oh 7, 0 9. You Probably hate this question, but is there crazy athletic prowess? I mean Dad was an Olympic sprinter. You're an Olympic sprinter. Naturally they're all physically gifted. Yeah. You can tell from a early age, but they all have like different competitiveness. That's a great delineation. I think of it as like athletic prowess. But you probably underestimate what part of the genetics is just a competitive nature. Mental, forget the physiology, The mindset of it all tips the scale. There are a lot of people who are extremely physically gifted, but those that really succeed, not even just succeed.


There's a lot of people who do that. And it's nothing that you're taught. A lot of it is nurture and nature and who you're exposed growing up. Certain coaches and teachers and parents. But there's nothing that I can put my finger on that said, this is why I was like this. And this is why I think like this. It's just a combination of a whole lot of things. Like the influence of my mom and her coming to this country, that type of stuff. Nobody can teach. But then you see which kid and I fall into this category. The fun in it for me is trying to do it. That is, that's bringing joy my fun. Right. And so when you have a person like that, you're like, okay, I need to be very, very strategic in my parenting on what to put 'em in, what to expose 'em to.


And then your other kid, other stuff. Well let's start with mom 'cause mom is from Belize. And what age did she come? She came to LA directly. She first came to New York. There's a large Belizean contingent that goes there. There First. Oh, glad I said Belizean. I wouldn't have known. Yeah, I wanna hear what you, How Would, would you have? I probably would've said Belizean. Yeah, actually, me too. Probably. Yeah, Ian. But she went up there. She's young. What's young? 18, 19. Right. And she got pregnant and she went back home to have my older brother. There's just two of us. And then for reasons that I had don't really know, she's like, I gotta go back up to the states. So she came to la, met my father here and married.


But we can even go back further than that. And I've shared this story a few times when somebody asks me. 'cause I had shared something about what my motivation is to be great. A whole lot of different things. And one of it is this idea that my family's from Belize on my mother's side of course. But my grandfather traveled to Guatemala to work. He met a psychic on the side of the road. This is the story. And the psychic sat him down and said, somebody in your family is gonna achieve crazy amount of success. There're gonna be a lot of sacrifices in between. Of course he told my mom and my mom has shared that with me. And it's this idea that not wanting to disappoint people in my world that struggle to give me opportunity.


And I still fight that. And it's one of the reasons why I'm back on the scene after purposefully stepping back for a decade away. Because that's not what my legacy is gonna be. I create my own narrative and it has been created for me for a long time. Now I'm almost 50. We're the same age by the the way. Yeah. 75. Let's go. Yeah, let's do it. You get to a point where you're like, enough writing it for me. Yeah, I'm Gonna write it myself. You Also get to a point where you're like, Hey, guess what y'all, I like me. I like where I'm at. I'm not carrying the shame you think I should be carrying and this is it. To me that feels like the freedom I'm approaching, which is like, I like me.


So Yeah. Crazy. All this, this fucked up shit happened to get Here. And people like are like, you are Right. Right. What? Oh my gosh. Well, because you've lived out many people's worst nightmare. Living with secrecy is an incredible experience. Me as an addict, you with your issues. I love that Your All Your stock. I love how You tipped out That might not have been the perfect word. I mean it's Yeah, Issues Feels like that word's canceled. We're like not allowed to say that anymore. I strike issues, I'm gonna, let's see what I pick. And instead your Experience know You can curse On here, right? You're shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. You're fucked. Upness. Let's go. But I Think besides just you and I, this whole idea that failure is not forever.


And although my story is different than yours, different than yours or whomever, we have a common bond besides just humanists. Everybody gets beat down, breaks down, gets set back. I mean. It doesn't have to be what I went through, what you went through. But everybody at some point gets knocked the hell down. They Get their ass kicked A death. Yeah. Bankruptcy career stuff. Right. And my hope, and people are like, well Marion, why are you relevant? I've kind of heard that. Well, hold on, hold on, hold on. Have you heard that? Or is that the shadow talking to you that you're assuming people might think that? Have you actually heard that? Through my people? Right. My response is, my story is unique in that not everybody can relate to running 10 points something seconds, winning gold medal, going to prison, being a convicted felon.


But everybody knows, everybody knows the idea of getting knocked down. And how do you come back from that? Yeah. It's a very universal story. Everybody At some point has made a poor choice. Everybody has lied. Well, We were just talking about this yesterday. We were starting to wonder, ah, do some people, Is it effortless for them to be good Or like perfect. We interviewed someone and this boy was so fucking sweet. Not only does he go to church, he loves going to church and he loves Danson and saying, and I'm just going like, is it that easy for you to be glued? I gotta fucking get into some stuff. Are you battling it like I am? Or are there people that are like, it's pretty easy to walk the line. My concern would be people like that they haven't found the words to share their shit, But can we maybe make a little space for the notion that Yeah, for some people it's kind of easy.


They're not really driven by a lot. I think it's a spectrum. I think we sort of decided it was a spectrum. That's what he concluded to bring up to speed. Yeah. Of effortlessness. Like I get a terrible idea once an hour. I don't know where you're at, but like I think of something that's not good for me to do once an hour. I Think a lot of people, maybe not once an hour friend. He's pretty Hot on the spectrum. I Fish. Yeah. Yeah. But I also think a lot of it is highly predictable by your childhood. Like if you grew up in a lot of trauma, a lot of action, a lot of fucking chaos, a lot of arousal, a lot of adrenaline. Guess what? I want to get into some shit. I get bored easy. So I think that tracks a bit. Yeah. Like I'm kind of drawn to like, oh, what's going on over there?


Someone's getting their ass kicked. I gotta see this. But you know, like I need to see the shit. Can you relate to that? I don't know. Where are you on the spectrum? Not as far as you. Yeah, let's say I'm a 10 I. mean seven-ish. Yeah. There we go. I think it's probably pretty typical. Yeah. But I think that earlier in your life that you can talk it through. Yeah. Like share it with people in your world who can say, you know what? You're on a 10. We probably should get you some help. Or like, let's Get you down to Maybe or find outlets for you. And again, I have done that. Right. I've been sober for a long, long time. And I go to AA and I go to therapy. But I'm just saying hourly. I gotta walk past these thoughts. Yeah. Where in LA were you born specifically?


I grew up in Sherman Oaks. Woodman Avenue was my spot. I went to a private school called Pinecrest Prep. They've torn it down. It's right down the street from Notre Dame High. Your mom and dad got divorced very early then Ira shows up. It was just my brother and I and my mom. My mom was really concerned about raising a young man of color in this country by herself. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So she made the decision to send him back to Belize where my uncle was. So it was just my mom and I for a long time, which had its own challenges. I, for a time, was really hurt that my parents made the choice to divorce. It was hard for me.


And so I found at an early age, my outlet, which is physical stuff. I was faster and stronger and motivated from 4, 5, 6 years old. And then my mom met Ira, an older gentleman. Retired, right? Retired from the post office. Yeah. Military. He's spent many years. He's Navy. We moved out to Palmdale. Palmdale now is different than Palmdale then. Then it was a real suburb of LA. People were getting out of LA and they were finding land for cheaper and building. And it was like a thriving community. But I had a wonderful childhood there. What Ages were you in? Palmdale? From Five until I, IRA passed 87 And 12.


Okay. So I was 12. That's when we moved from Palmdale back to Sherman. Oaks Could have been a blessing though. 'cause you got to go to this school. That would've been a hell of a commute. Yeah. Well my mom was commuting. We were living in Palmdale. Oh, you would? And she was working in Beverly Hills. Oh. So she was going back and forth, which was great. 'cause Ira was retired and he was taking care of me. you guys were close. Yeah, very close. When he passed, I was a bit in shock because my biological dad chose not to be in the picture. The part of your story that to me feels a little under explored is just the role of maleness. Dad's not there. I IRA's there for a minute. We can rely on him. He's gone. Your brother, he adore And. you do whatever he does.


He's back and forth to Belize. You meet a dude in college. I feel like that part of your story is very interesting to me. And I wonder how much of it you think about and how that all may have put you on certain paths. I've explored it a lot more in therapy than in anything else. Right. Because I feel as if I would have been a daddy's girl. The connection that Ira and I had. 'cause it was just him and I. Like my mom traveled 90 minutes to work to Beverly Hills from Palmdale and back every evening. So he was the caretaker, he was the cook, got me in bed, got me ready. And we just talked about like our teenage daughters and that dynamic with just my mom and I going through all of that.


So it was just tough. A mom has a really strong personality. You're going through puberty. You just lost the one male figure in your life. This has been pretty consistent and loving and supportive. This is very disruptive. Junior high. It's already too much going on. And then you have a biological father who's very capable of being present in your life and chooses not to and is an asshole. And I don't get it. And then I'm just mad with my mother just because I'm a teenage girl. Dealing with all that Really quick in your 12-year-old mind, it would not have been hard to blame mom for a lot of this stuff. Dad's gone. I dunno. Is that 'cause of you Now? IRA's gone. My brother's in belief, like it would've been pretty easy to mount a case, but I don't don't think that that was my reality at all.


I was just a shitty little teenage. Well, You Were struggling. Yeah. And You were taking it out on You. were hurting your mom. You were hurting. Yeah. It was bad. But I'm just so grateful to have Ira even for the short amount of time in my role, because he was a lover of sport. We had season tickets to the Dodger games. Mariano Duncan was my favorite player. Are y'all Dodgers fan or based Detroit? Detroit. Okay. Anyways, Mariano means marry in in Spanish. And he was athletic and he is cute. Then he loved basketball. In 1984 I was nine. Of course that's when the Olympics came here is that way. You know, that was my first exposure to it all. And by that point I had started competing.


Loved it. My brother, him and Ira instilled this love of competition. And when your brother, your sibling, who's five years older than you, starts like you're gonna be on my team. The dream. My brother's five years older too. No matter what he, if he included me, I would've jumped off the fucking skyscraper. All of his friends are his age and he's picking his little sister. He's doing it, which means that he and his mind knows, this is how I'm going to win. Right? She brings something to the table here, Signing up for track and soccer and realizing I'm really good and I Love it. And, you recognize that? Yeah. From our little, we call this game pickled. Do y'all know what that game is? It's like just staying away from the ball. Forward and backwards, forward and backwards, and doing stuff on our streets.


And my mom's saying, Hey, you know there's a local track meet. There's soccer, there's gymnastics. Sign me up, sign me up, sign me up. You're blasting boys your age too, right? But it's not a thing. It was just like, you're winning. Right? I was with my brother and his friends. There were no girls out there. And that's just the norm. So it's a thing now when people ask about it, but it wasn't a thing. The friends got it. My brother got it, I got it. That was it. That's how it was. And so when I was in track meets and they're putting you with girls like, all right, like if this is the category that you're putting me in, right, right. I'm gonna crush. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It's the norm. And I remember my first competition, a lot of times in the rounds, you get to the finals based off of your time, not off of your place.


And I remember running in my first 400, I was wearing these shoes called Ros, ROOS. And they had zipper on the side. And my mom had bought it for me because I was also in Girl Scouts and I needed to put my Girl scout money in the side. It was like 50 cents. And I knew if I put it in my pocket to lose it. Anyway, so I had these rouse and I ran in 'em. All the kids are waiting to see who got medals. And I won my heat and I knew I won it a lot. And I was just waiting for my first place ribbon. And I think I got third. And I was just like, What? I walked up in the stands to Ira into my mom, and I'm in tears. And I grabbed my hand, walked me down there, had the guy explain what happened.


And never again did I just coast. Right. Because I was ahead. I was winning. So I Just assumed you, you saying bolted it, you just kind of, the last few stands, took it all in. We like Jones did. Yeah. This other guy is Talking About, he's pretty famous for looking over his shoulder the last 10 yards. I'll Just say in 1984, we didn't have the resources to go to the actual games. But back then they used to parade the athletes through the streets prior to it. So I got to see the Carl Lewis's and the Jackies, and then that summer sat in front of the TV and watched it and knew that that's what I needed to do. The Olympics generally is so foreign to all of us.


It's always on the other side of the planet. And it seems so untouchable. And for it to be in your city and on TV is kind of a unique thing. I agree. It makes it reality. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like it's not just like a dream. These are real humans and they're in my city now. They're on TV and now they're placing a gold medal around their neck. And now they're hearing the national anthem, sign me up. What do I need to do For me And academics growing up, it was just a means to be able to participate in sports. Right? My mom was like, if you don't do what you're supposed to do in the classroom, you're not gonna play, what's the bar mom? Yeah. Do I get a C? Do I get a B? Do I have to get an A? Whatever it was. So that summer she got me a chalkboard and I was supposed to put my reading assignments for this summer.


And I wrote on the top that I was gonna be an Olympic champion after the games. Nine At nine. Wow. And was it going to always be track and field? Because you obviously became an incredible basketball player at UNC. Did you guys win a championship? Yeah, my freshman year as A basketball player. So that was just more stuff to do. But was the singular focus track and field In 1984. Girls basketball, whims basketball at college wasn't a thing. And at college there were greats of the sport. I don't wanna downplay the Cheryl Millers who were competing, but they would have to go overseas. It wasn't on tv. So when I saw greatness, I saw it, okay, this is gonna be my sport. I'm fast. I just rode an Olympic champion. didn didn't say track and feel. I don't really care what it was. I wanted that feeling of euphoria that I saw Jackie Joyner, EY and Carl Lewis.


That one step past the line, when something comes over them, they're focused for a hundred meters, 200 meters. And the minute they cross that line, they're like explosion. 10-year-old kid. I wanted that. I wanted that too. And I think Monica did too. But we were watching going like, yeah, I mean we want that in the same way we wanna walk on the moon. That's never, Well I wanted it not even for gymnasts, for gymnastics. And then I was doing couch beam where you like do beam on the engine of the couch. And then my mom was like, oh, I guess we'll put you in gymnastics. And I was like, I think this, this is where we're going it for me. I am gonna end up there. And then like two weeks in, the coach teacher was like, you would be so good if you weren't so old. I was like eight. Oh oh.


She was like, you would've had a lot of potential. But I Thought You were gonna say. She said, you would be so good at equipment management. No, although I would. And I would take that with pride. I also have a funny gymnastics story. 'cause there were three sports growing up that I adored. It was track, it was soccer and it was gymnastics. Yeah. I was too tall for gymnastics even at that point. See? And I'll Tell you, I remember a beam routine that I was doing, and it changed the trajectory of my gymnastics future. Did you fall on your vagina? I did, yes. Yeah. Yep. Yep. A straddle. I've done it. Oh, it's Called a straddle. Well, like you straddle the beam with the fall. It's not good.


Never ever wanna experience that again. I'm inclined to tell Marian our armchair anonymous story. Oh, I thought you meant catch him by the pussy. Oh, she became his national champ cheerleader. She was a high flyer. Or is that the one that they throw you on? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And I sat at one point, do they ever accidentally catch you by the pussy? And she said, nonstop. You're constantly getting caught by the pussy. Yeah. And I said, maybe Trump was just like a Jim. Maybe he thought of himself more of a, He was a cheerleader in another Life. Maybe it's not as bad as we thought. He was asking a cheerleading question. Maybe he's like, catch him by the pussy. Not grabbed. Maybe it was like we misunderstood. Oh yeah. But we interviewed this woman who fell in a movie theater.


Oh My God. It was almost unlistenable, this thing. We Wait what? She fell in movie theater and somehow There was an edge or something and she like dropped A couple feet. She was watching a movie or she was A seat. Her seat. And it had already begun. It was dark. One leg like fell off the edge. And so she slammed her vagina, vulva on the corner of a step basically. That's a long drop. It Ruined her whole vagina. She didn't Major medical damage. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Like permanent, permanent vagina damage. It was, it Was a, And she has the ultimate story in every cocktail party. Oh Yeah. Yeah. She does. Because nobody will ever up that story.


Oh my God. The only problem with that story, when you tell someone I've had a bone transplant out of my hip, or I got a bunch of metal in my shoulder. You tell the story and they go like, oh see, lemme see it. See, so weirdly you've got this story and then like it would be very inappropriate, But can I see? Can I see your scar? What are we talking about? Anyways, we've taken you down way too far of a path. But you had a vagina ending career, ending career. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Twofold. Okay. So you're grade in high school. Do you go to UNC on like a full ride? Yeah. Well by that point, you know, at 15 I made my first Olympic team. Oh you did? When You were 15. I mean By that point.


I was just crushing the competition. Made my first Olympic team opted not to go. Simply because I wanted my first Olympic experience to be one that, so when you're in the relay pool, and this is appropriate because, I dunno if y'all watched any of the track and field trials, 'cause the Olympics are Coming up yet. I have all these trials right now with the different sports on these people needing to make the team. If you make the team in the sprints, the top six in the finals get to go to the Olympics and be part of a relay pool. The relay pool is a group of people that the coaches can choose from, who they wanna put on the track for the prelims, for the semis, and for the finals.


They could choose anybody they want. Are those different than alternates or is that similar? They don't Use alternates. They don't so much in In the sport. In the individual events, there will be an alternate that goes, if you're not top three, maybe they'll take a fourth if a third gets hurt or something. But with the relay pool, I didn't feel as a 15-year-old that if and when the relay team won gold, I would've gotten the gold even if I didn't compete. I got you. I had so much confidence that I knew that when my time came that I was gonna win. When there was another opportunity in four years, I was gonna be there and I was gonna win. That was in 1992. Can you imagine Monica at 15 knowing you're going to win, knowing you're the best.


Like at 15. I'm still like, I'm hoping I'm funny enough to do this, But it's almost the perfect age because you don't know enough yet to have doubt. You're young enough to feel, yeah, I'm the best and I'm definitely gonna make it to the next Olympics. 'cause like an older person would say, I mean I'd probably make it to the next Olympics, but things could Happen. Boring injury. Exactly. I could get hurt. 15 year olds aren't Thinking like that. You're feeling invulnerable and bulletproof. Even at another level for me, just because, not even 15, at nine, at 10, at 11 and 12, I was unstoppable in my drive to be great.


My mom talks about it all the time. Like she needed to put me in an environment where I would grow and just be poured into. So the coaches even at an early age were like hand chosen by my mom. I was on clubs. But even the track club, like it was hand chosen to make sure that the people, the coaches, the other athletes, these were people that had a similar mindset And was the prerequisite that they were gonna challenge you endlessly? That I was gonna be protected from overrunning, be taught how to do it correctly. Right. I was never the type who needed motivation.


I was the one at the door. If I need to be at practice, like waiting. I was not going out the night before. Like I wasn't doing anything from nine until now. That's just how I function. I need to be there on time. I need to get there to warm up. I don't care if nobody else is there. Like I'm not distracted by 15, 16 year olds. How about boys in high school? No. And is that because You were so focused? Or are you incredibly intimidating for young boys at that age? Well, how do you explain that? I was incredibly focused. I didn't know then, but my interest was not in boys At all. Okay, so you liked girls, but there was nothing you could do about that I didn. It was, it Wasn't a thing then for me, especially in my culture, even now, there are certain circles you'd still have to tiptoe in regards to who you love and who you are.


And it wasn't a thing. It certainly wasn't a thing in my household. And You were so busy, there was no reason to think about It. That was with friends who liked boys and I would go along with it, but I'm like, they're just like, they look like they're trouble and Yeah. Yeah. We're kind of the worst. I mean, just call it what it is. You heard him earlier about Yeah. We're the, we're a pla on this planet, but we build good bridges and shit. Yeah. You need us a case. So I was just Gonna like, no pun intended, I was gold driven. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then graduated. I went to Rio Mesa High School, which is an Oxnard. I was there for two years, transferred to thousand Oaks because at that point I was really diving into the world of basketball and starting to really love it.


My mom got season tickets to the Lakers. It was got season tickets to the Clippers because back then they were a little cheaper to get those Tickets. Yeah. Not a little considerably cheaper. And that when they were at the sports arena, which was awesome because there used to be a big indoor competition there called Sunk Kiss, indoor invite, where the best runners from around the world would come there. Oh. And compete. Anyways, I really have roots in this area, so it's nice. Yeah. Seeing Lakers game at the forum, that's shitty little band playing at top. I loved that. And. you know, I've been to games. Wherever they played out, it Was Staples. Now it's called something else. Those seats suck. They suck when you're anybody over five. Five. I don't know how tall. I'm Five feet, so it's gonna be great For me.


Yeah, he's like box seats. Yeah, Yeah, exactly. But just starting to fall in love with that sport. The timing was perfect because by that point, my popularity in the sport of track was big. I was young, I was athletic. I was making Olympic teams at 15. I could go anywhere in the country really in regards to college that I wanted to. But I also know I didn't wanna get run into the ground, especially in California, which is one of the strongest states for the sport. It's there. It's Florida, it's Georgia, Texas. Once they find a track phenom, they will run you into the ground. They will put you in every event. And. you will get burnt out by the time you graduate from college.


I have lots of people that I grew up with that potentially could have been so awesome in the sport, but they were doing it from the age of seven and eight. And I mean that's a long time. And I didn't want that. Crazy. You had that foresight. My mom. Your mom did also was like, there's something special about my daughter and if she wants to do another sport, it will only benefit her in the long run. She's so brilliant. So why did you get drawn to UNC? Michael Jordan? Ah, Best basketball team. That and USC is here. Stanford's here. UCLA. I grew up going to all kind of events, camps, everything at these schools. But I didn't feel that I could make my mark in the sport of basketball here in California because I was already known for track.


I really like to do things my own way. I decided that I wanted to go, and it wasn't even just because of Michael Jordan, it's because the women's program there had yet to put their foot on the map. And so I knew it was hard for them not to have me run track. I mean that was gonna be silly, but they were gonna give me a basketball scholarship and I knew that I could make myself well known in that sport. Also, I wanted to be a journalism major and one of the best journalism programs in the country. So I decided to make that jump. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Squarespace. There's never been a better time to create your own website thanks to Squarespace, especially because of their new guided design system. Blueprint AI choose from professionally curated layout and styling options. And then Blueprint AI can build a unique online presence from the ground up tailored to your brand or business and optimized for every device. And I'm not just saying the experience is good, even our site is powered by Squarespace. We're putting our site where our mouth is. That's right. Check out Squarespace dot com for a free trial or go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


we are supported by Jersey. Mike Subs. I love Mike's Yummy. Yummy Yummy. It's So good. What's better than a great sub on a summer's day If you're going to the beach? Jersey mags is my move every single time. Oh, you can't lose getting one Exactly the way you like it from Jersey Mike's Jersey. Mike's uses only the highest quality of meat sliced right in front of you, piled high with the freshest toppings. It's a Jersey Mike's thing. You know I have a friend who's a chef. Yeah. And he loves Jersey Mike's. Of course. And that's how you know. So if you're planning a summer picnic, backyard adventure or beach day Jersey, mikes has got you covered. Jersey Mike's a sub above order on the app today. Or visit Jersey mikes.com to learn more.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon. This back to school season. Spend less on your kids with Amazon. Amazon is the very best place to go back to school shopping with your kids because you start with what you're going to get. When I have gone to a store, the sky's the limit. Aw. All of a sudden we need six backpacks. You need some stuff. You Can't make a decision. You needies. Yeah. Binders for 45 subjects. Amazon, we know what we want. We go, we get it. It saves me a fortune. I love It. We love it. I've used Amazon a few times to get school supplies for teachers. Oh, On their wishlist. Yes. Yes. That's the easiest way possible because you ship it right to them. Exactly. Yeah. It's the greatest. So remember with Amazon's low back to school prices, just spend less on your kids because every dollar you don't spend on them is a dollar you haven't spent on them. Visit amazon.com/back to school to shop now and spend less on your kids.


Okay. So how soon at UNC before you meet cj? A Few years. So my freshman year we won the title. I was a freshman point guard there. Did you play a lot? Oh, I was a starter. God Damn. How did that feel? I was on the course. How does that feel compared to freshman track victory? Because what's interesting is I think there's pros and cons in all these things. When you're doing an individual sport, it's you, And, you get to own all that. But then in defeat it's just you and the team's kind of nice that you can share that. It's also nice to share victory, but it's all different. Right. I was satisfied in both areas. Track for me it was easier. I was succeeded in the sport of basketball earlier on in my career just because I was so physically gifted.


I was faster, I was stronger, I was more mature physically. But the challenge of it, and I love challenges, was that skill-wise. Like I had to work on stuff. Like I had to work on my ball handling and my shot and the flow of everything. And, you gotta run the offense. Your point guard. Correct. And so when I got to Carolina, because I was 5 10, 5 11, 6 feet in my media guide. So in high school, that's usually the tallest girl on the team. I was fortunate enough at my second high school, a thousand Oaks, I had a coach who was very progressive thinking in that just because I was five 11 on my high school team, if I go D one in college, women's basketball, I was probably gonna be the shortest so that I would need to develop my ball handling skills.


Yeah. That was very wow. Again, advanced thinking. All My mom making the decision to have me change schools, put me with a coach that would be able to develop me. She's like seeing this all Wow. She's like Orchestrating this stuff. Can we back up for half a second? Your biological dad, was he an athlete? Yeah. I don't Know. Was mom an athlete? If mom had been given opportunities, she would've been incredible. But I know very little about the dad's side. When my biological father passed away in 2001, and I came back here for the funeral and met family members that I had never met who were sitting behind me all wearing NBA rings in the pew. Right? No. Sitting behind me in the pew, like asking for my autograph.


Oh wow. That's a whole other shit show. But so I got to Carolina, sat down with the head coach. She's old school in her coaching coach Hatchell. Perfect name for a knows bullshit coach. Hatchell coach. It's almost Hatchett. Coach Hatch. Yeah. Sylvia Hatchell. She's now hall of fame coach. But she said, you're gonna be my point guard. And I'm like, have you seen my ball? Headley field, the great Billy Moore who was the UCLA women's basketball coach here for many years. She would come out to my high school to recruit me. She told Coach Hatchell this. When Coach Hatcher was recruiting, she said, Marion Jones. As you know, she's fast. You know, the only problem is she's here, but the ball sometimes is back there. Right. And Coach Ocho said, we need you as our point guard, but we need you to come in here and get in extra work.


So I decided to take a basketball scholarship and my love of the sport just blossomed. And our record was not great in the years prior. And then my freshman year, we were 33 and two, we won the national championship Last second shot, Charlotte Smith hit the game winner. North Carolina is a dynasty for college sports, but to this day, the women's basketball team has not won a national title. Really? Since then. Since then. Since then. So it was just a special group. Ladies, Forgive my stereotyping. But are you not meeting now other women on this team that might also like women Still gotta understand. This is 1993. Yeah. Yeah. 1994. There's still a stigma in, especially in the south women's sports.


I can remember my college coach, they would never do it now, but almost requiring the players on the team to go to her church. Sure, sure, sure. And there was one on every corner. Yep. Having relationships in college. But again, there's this stigma and it's quiet and it's easier to just ignore that part of it and go with what is accepted. So when you meet cj, he's a coach on the track team, he's a shot putter. How does that evolve if you're not interested in dudes per se? I showered with attention and he's a bit of a rebel. I had broken my foot my sophomore year in college and I couldn't do any sport.


It was the first time that I ever did not have a physical outlet. And, you weren't getting fulfilled by that. And that was all that I was. How'd you break your foot? First time was playing basketball. Then the second time I was training for track and Bree broke it and bent the pin and all that. So I had to red shirt. So technically I only competed three years in college. And Coach Hatchell, when I made the decision to go ahead and graduate, she's like, you sure you don't wanna go to grad school? I was ready though at that point to start my track career. But it's all during the same time. I bring that up because I didn't have any true identity without sport. And it was horrible. I cut all my hair off. I mean, I was just dealing with a lot.


My relationship with my mom was strained because I went to Carolina at 17 years old. I was a young freshman, turned 18 there was doing my own thing. Distancing myself from people in my world that I like to say now would give it to me straight. Also, mama's very managerial at that point. She had really made all these great decisions. Right. But then you get to college and she would say, that's not right. Growing up I was always little Marian. My mom was also Marian, so she was big. Marian And, you don't wanna hear it. Yeah. And now I'm in college and I really don't wanna hear It. I'm an adult. Yeah, Right. I'm big Arian. Yeah. I Marian now. Right? Bitch, I'm fucking four inches taller than you. I'm big ion.


So yeah, met him. I couldn't play basketball, I couldn't run track, frustrated with everything. Your world's been taken from me. This is the second time kind of. And we probably didn't deal with it the first time. You No and started to get attention. And from someone in sports, then you're still connected to, and even though you are not active in it, Oh man. To be that age again, never. I would never want to be. Yeah. People ask like what age would you like to go back to? I would love to go back to my 7, 8, 9, 10-year-old self. There is a time from 14 to 28 where I'm like, you can skip that. Can we just erase? Erase that time? On the other hand, I needed to go through certain things.


Yeah. Because I am where I'm at now and I love it. Okay. I don't know if I've figured this out from all the stuff I've read about you, but when's the first dicey thing happen? Is it in college? Because I guess one of my curiosities would be, well, a the male component, which we're talking about and I find very interesting, but also you're so clearly dominant. So I'm curious at what point any kind of augmentation or enhancement seems even necessary During that time when even just to start the relationship with him, which was taboo. He had to resign as a coach. Right, right. To date you. And this whole idea of like, all right, well I'm a rebel. Exactly. Like we're doing this crazy Thing.


Follow my heart, or whatever that was. Yeah. Also talk about a love bomb. Like this guy conceivably gives up his position and his career to be with you. That seems like a very big offering. Yeah. Yes. But now an almost 50-year-old woman, looking back, making the choice. After I decided to graduate in 1997, wanting to dedicate my world to realizing my dream of being the fastest woman in the world and realizing my dream of becoming of an Olympian, diving straight from college life to training like, and I hadn't, my focus in college really was basketball with a little sprinkle of track because I was under a basketball scholarship. So they got all of my time because we were such a successful basketball program, we went always into March Madness.


So I wouldn't start college track until mid to end of March. So I never got a chance to do anything really in the sport of track and field while I was in college. Oh wow. But were you winning when You were competing? Well, It was so limited. Very few people, especially now. Or a dual sport athlete. Right? Yeah. It's almost unheard of Now. Maybe there's a football player who will track, Run track. There's a Mo Jackson, there's a, there's One. One. But not even those that aren't super successful. Not At that level, No. No. So I wouldn't start track until late into the season. There were injuries, there was frustration. I'd put on some weights because it's a different type of training. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like basketball. And so when I decided to be done with basketball, I had graduated.


I wanted to be done in four years. I was done with school. It was a means to an end. Like I wanted my degree. And instead of journalism, I moved over to communications just because it was easier and I just wanted to get back on the scene of the track and field world. It helped that he was in. And then I started training and success came my way. Like really fast. US nationals. That was in what? 97 and I was national champion. Wow. Wow. There was no time to catch my breath. And with that, everything started coming my way. This was in 19 97, 3 years prior to the games. Right. So when the 96 Olympics Happened, I was injured. I had broken my foot. Okay. So potentially I had hoped that would be my first real Real, that's real.


Because I've made the team in 92 and then 96 was gonna be my coming out for No wonder You were depressed. Like you missed Yeah. That you're Injured. And so nineties you Fucked up your hair. Sick. No, I'm cutting. I was actually a nice dude. I was going through it. I Through and I look back at pictures. I was like, I was really going through through it. Yeah. You immediately think of Britney Spears shaving her head. Yeah. It's kind of a like one of the signals before some real shit hits the fan. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. But really quick, how quickly do you know CJ is on gear? I don't. I am in the midst of training. He trains hard. He's successful. It's all part of it.


But when I say success came my way really quickly. I graduated from college. I signed big endorsement deals with Nike and immediately tag like everything. Wow. Lots of money traveling all over the world making this is intense. Big money in competitions In your 22 3, right? Yeah. And during that time, there was just starting to be a lot of talk in the news about tainted supplements. Athletes were going into the GNCs and because what they were taking was not being researched and dissected. There were all kind of like stuff that just happens to be in it. Back then, like Ephedrine was in a lot of over the counter stuff.


Oh yeah. Yeah. There was a lot of shit. GHB was on sale there. And I remember us knowing the things that I was deficient in and doing. The GNC runs during that time. Yeah. That was just Everyone was doing It. But because then I was at another level in the sport, I needed to be like super cautious of that. And so that's when after I graduated, I hired a specialized coach and the team of people, we determined that I couldn't just do the GNC anymore. We were risking too much. So we sought out company. There were a number of them during that time that made supplements. We were more confident that anything I was taking, we didn't have anything to worry about.


And that's kind of how it all starts. Also, I want to go into this conversation with you. Knowing where I stand on it, I'm in no judgment. I'm more deep interest of it. And I want to point out that yeah, there's some kind of arbitrary lines in the sand with all this stuff. Can you take this supplement? Yeah, absolutely. And does it increase red blood cells? Yes, it does. You know, there's a million things along this spectrum of supplements and enhancements and we draw a line somewhere, right? Even how they're testing for testosterone, it's like we've kind of established a range that we think humans are capable of. And if you're outside of that, now I know a fucking guy. This is a 45-year-old dude. His testosterone is 1400. I don't understand.


I'm on testosterone and mine's 900. So a lot of it is really kind of just interesting. And I definitely understand where it's like, even if, let's just say I knew testosterone was banned me taking it exogenic, but I know the range is between 700 and 1100. And I'm going, well, yeah, but someone naturally has 1100. Mine's naturally 700. I'm gonna take it and just get in the range. So I think it's a little more cloudy than people want to acknowledge. I agree. And specifically with me, 22-year-old woman who you just Tell me, I just wanna run fast. The mindset is there, you just Tell me. How to train what I'm deficient in so that I can just be okay. I surround myself with people. I hire people in my corner who will check all those boxes.


I'm also not naive enough, there's so many critics or people that think they know it all like, you must have known X, Y, and Z. No, I'm 22 years old. I'm getting paid a lot of money. I assemble a team of people, quote Professionals. Yeah, right. I have a manager, And. you know your Competitors have a team, so you probably have some assumption that whatever they're doing, I'm now doing. Well, You just give it up. I no longer know because I hired someone to know. Yeah. And they're just taking care of it. Right. So I'm just like, this is good. They know my stance, the whole point of this, and we'll get into this part of it. People are like, oh, she's a cheater. Well, if you do the research, And, you know that from the age of 12 to 15, making my first Olympic team.


Yeah, It retroactively. That's a bummer. Erases everything. It's very punitive and it's a very strong position. Yeah. We can just go back to specifically when poor decisions started to happen. Yeah. 'cause there's gotta be the moment where you're like, huh, I'm not sure about this. No, Really. During that time, they knew my stance on everything. You were like, I don't want to be pissing hot in the Olympics. Correct. That is why I hire this company to make sure. And so when I'm taking stuff, I am confident that whatever I'm taking is what I need. I've had my blood work done, like all that. We all have deficiencies. And even more so if you're an athlete, you have to bring all your levels to a certain space.


And people ask during that time, with my lead up to the Olympic games in Sydney, like, did you feel a difference in your training and in your performance? And my answer is, well hell yeah. Because I train hard and I'm bringing people in to train with me who are elite and I'm getting faster and I'm getting stronger. So do I feel a change? Yeah. Do I attribute that to anything that I'm taking? No. Well, we've already established you've had this mindset since 15, like yet you think you're a champion. Yeah. So you're not shocked when you're proving to be a champion. And It's not an overnight decision that I was gonna attempt to win five medals. This was in 19 97, 3 years prior to the games where I had already set goals.


And I remember in a press conference in Sweden and some reporter asked me, so what are your goals? Do you wanna make the Olympic team? And I'm sitting there as like a 21-year-old, like, yeah. And I'm gonna win five gold medals. Yeah. Almost offended. Yeah. Yeah. I say that because this was not an overnight phenomenon. I'm gonna win. Like this is in 97. So my training, my approach to it all my focus level needs to be tunnel vision. There's no distractions during that time. I'm training, I'm racing, I've have a tight circle and I'm doing what I need to do so that in 2000 I'm gonna set the bar so high that it can never be touched again. Yeah. The Olympics comes around and I crush it.


A hundred, 200 relay long jump. Three goals, two bronze. Love it. At that games though, is when CJ tested positive Four times in a row. Right. During that time, hearing him and the news and not ever seeing anything that was different than anything I had done. Yeah. And knowing that I'm not doing anything wrong and he's my husband, I believe that he works hard and I'm going to defend him because this is now like they're trying to get him right. And ultimately then trying to bring me down with it as well. So I defend him. There's something wrong with the test and that's my stance on it. Go home, celebrate it.


Somehow the media, we were able to kind of balance it all. Your husband tested right. But you achieve so much success, you're still gonna be our golden Job. And, you had been And, you had, you had passed everything every week. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Every week, all kinds of tests. I'm the best in the world. Did you pull him aside separately and were you like, what's going on? Yeah. Good Question. No. Well, I remember the morning that it came out or that we were alerted. Can I add, he had a knee injury, so at first he's not gonna compete 'cause he has a knee injury. He could have coasted on that. But then when it came out, I mean I talked to him, he's like, no, I mean we're in the same circles. The company that we hired makes his stuff and my team asked me, my attorney, how are we gonna approach this?


Yeah. Right. Yeah. I believe in him. So I'm gonna put myself out there. When we left Sydney and I'm celebrated, it was just interesting looking back how the US wanted this poster child. Yeah. Yeah. You were perfect for it. Even with that, in the articles, it's just a small paragraph. I was 25 in 2000 as were you and I watched the whole thing. Don't remember one iota of the husband that didn't even know about that. Not till years later. Did that all kind of get re-brought back up. When do you know he is willfully participating? When We got back to the states and I had my media tour and it was just insane. I started to sense with him, there was a disconnect.


Not jealousy, but there was just something that was odd. When both people have the same dream and one person is achieving that dream, even if you're the most benevolent, generous person, you are reminded second by second that you haven't accomplished your Dream. And on top of that, his career is stalemated. If not, it's over. Exactly. In a very public fashion. Right? Yeah. Again, it wasn't one, it was four tests for no whatever. A big one. Yeah. So not that I was then convinced, but I was getting closer to something that is not lining up here and there's no love connection. There's no anything anymore.


And I'm having some suspicion about all this. Was He controlling? Because I would imagine as you got shinier and shinier, there would've been an impulse for him to want to dim your light a little bit out of fear of losing you Insecurity. It's hard to say yes, but looking back, I have friends and family members that were like, we couldn't get to you. Yeah. Yeah. I don't want to make it sound like I was locked in a no. You No. It can be on a subtle level And on top of that, he is a big personality and loud and strong and big. He's enormous. He's A shot putter and intimidating. Yeah. In oh one, I was just like, I don't wanna do this anymore for the first time needing to take ownership of my business and my world and without a man or a person.


Is it Fair to say he kind of just picked up where mom left off? He was a coach in a sense and he had a lot of opinions And so yeah, I would say so. I had a four year gap from being under my mom's umbrella in college. But again, I'm a college athlete. So you have your coach there. Yeah. And your people there. And 2001 for me was a very liberating year. I was paying my coach and I was paying my manager and it wasn't like my husband taking care of all these things for me. And I'm coming off the biggest year of my world, First woman to ever get five medals in track and field in the Olympics. Nine. Your legend status At 25 9.


I like to say though, during that time I was on such a wave. It sounds like a wonderful thing, but I look back and see this wave that I was so far away from reality. I was out in the ocean where I had surrounded myself with people who were constantly just telling me how great I was. Like they were my yes people. Yeah. Well they're on the payroll. Right. Anything I said was awesome. Like what great idea that is. The friends and the family members that could see through it all, I would distance myself with them and I had the means to do it. I didn't need anybody. Yeah. Yeah. It's a very isolating, it's weird. You're getting all this public adoration you dreamt of and then yet you're getting long leer and long leer.


It's very confusing. I'm still just dealing with childhood shit that I just never had resolved and it was just a lonely time. And so then I enter another relationship with another track and field athlete and again, getting caught in that wave and getting pregnant in 2002. Having to make a decision. Right. Okay. Well we're gonna put the sport on hold. Yeah. So this is huge. You're coming off this experience in 2000 and in four years, presumably you're gonna want to go back and get five golds next time Getting pregnant cannot be a part of the game plan. I Think most people in the United States think that track and field athletes compete only every four years.


Right, Right. When we see them, oh, they're back mature. They're like cicadas. All the big competitions in Europe are throughout those four years. Yeah. Like it's Huge. It's, It's the NBA season in Europe to make that decision. I mean. I was excited about like I wanted to have kids. Timing wasn't great, but my oldest was born in 2003 and I was with another Trackster. Right. Is training hard and he lived life on the edge. Another rebellious personality, which is a little bit like, ah, That pattern. Yeah. Right. Like, okay, my mom looking back sometimes if we just listen to like, oh Yeah, life would be So easy. Can't do it though. We can't do it. No, I can't. I can't do it.


Can't be done. That's why I didn't even waste my time with my kids. I'm like, yeah, whatever you think. I can just remember her saying like, what? This dude also in the middle, we're going to the Olympics in a year and a half. Yeah. I was your parent And. you, Jesse, you just ended one. Why? Why ended one with the personality and this guy's Guy's very Tough time for me. Were You worried at that point? Like I've lost a year of training in the way I need to. When did you start knowingly go? We gotta amp up what we're taking There is not a lot of research even now with female athletes who've been at the top of sport going through childbearing and how to get back to the top of the sport.


I mean you have a few arena, but there's no book. There was definitely a concern with that. And at that point I had distanced myself from my circle coach training folks that I had before was embarking on a new world, a new coach, trying to get back from having a kid. So making sure that my supplement game, that my blood work and know what I'm deficient in. 'cause naturally the body is different after you have a child. At no point, even in all of that, am I'm ever making a choice to say, well, I'm gonna do something illegal. No, but I'm just gonna make sure it's tight Because can I point out something? This happens in bodybuilding, right? Like these natural quote bodybuilding competitions.


You can use steroids in all kinds of different band substances for months and months and months prior go off during the event and then resume after And. you have built muscle and you've built cyclones or whatever they're called. Like you have enhanced your body even if you then go off for a few months. So that's on the table for people. Never did I say Okay, that's my option with me. It was all of the areas in my life that are lacking. I'm gonna make sure that weekly I'm getting supplement shots and hire a company who's going to create this product.


Is this Alco at this point? Correct. There's a documentary around Alco. It's so fascinating. I Haven't watched You haven't. They reached reached out To me for like comment. It's led by this guy Victor Conte and boy, what a guy he was. Barry Bonds, this whole scandal ends up the feds ultimately invade alco. That's your claim to fame, right? Like, dude, let's find something else. Yeah. That guy's a bummer. But 2004, I'm gonna train hard. Nothing is really changing in terms of different supplements, but I am now on a regimen. You're Getting shots and stuff. It's nothing where I would be scared to take a test. I am still the most tested athlete in the world and 2004 for me was a disappointment.


I made the Olympic team and I did fairly well, but not what I wanted. I attribute that to just a rough few years Life. Yeah. Well you had a life baby in the middle of all that. Yeah. I don't know the specific year, but during that time there was just a lot of stuff in the news about athletes and performance enhancing drugs. I get the call, federal investigators called me in and they wanted to just talk to me about any knowledge that I might have about anything in the sports. Oh, right. Gosh. So stressful. We kind of knew that it was gonna happen. 'cause they were inviting all the top athletes. Tim, the father of your first child. He's embroiled in all this as well. Yeah, Well we're part of the same training program.


Yeah. The guy, It's A repeat Of. Yeah. And so I see on one hand when people do their subtle assessments of my career and they're like, I see this pattern. You in a relationship with this dude and this happens and you're in a relationship with this dude and this happens and you're part of this training group. I see it and I get called in there, San Francisco. I have my attorney with me and representative and I have two federal investigators sitting across the table. And initially it was gentle asking me general questions, what do I know about anything in the sport? And I'm answering. And then you can tell very quickly their questions become charged almost like they're upset.


They think that I'm hiding something. The moments that is now embedded in my memory is when one of them reaches into their briefcase and they pull out like a little Ziploc bag and it has this container in it of a substance. It looks clearish, yellowish. And it kinda like pushed it across in front of me. I looked at it and I was like, I know this. I take that. I sensationalize it. But it literally was probably like 20 seconds I think in my head. Wait, is this what I've been hearing about in the news with all these athletes? It's this thing called the Clear and it's a performance enhancing drug specifics of it. I don't know.


It wasn't presented to me as anything. The clear, it was presented to me as a type of oil that I was deficient in. But I in that moment, see it, know that I've taken it for a while, put two and two together and I'm like, okay. Oh shit. Ugh. I've been doping. Yes. And if I tell them that I know it, that I've taken it. Your entire world goes on the toilet in a Spot. Yes. It's gonna be nothing. So what do I do? Could I have said, okay, pause, can I go and talk to my attorney outside? Would've Been a good move in retrospect. Correct? It would. But also then you're like, then what does that look like? Who would know what to do? You're in a movie now. Now. Yeah. This is a possible Situation in that split second.


Hell no. And in my head I'm also like, but I've passed every test. Yeah, You're probably in denial. I've Been tested. No, I don't know what it is. I've never taken it. They just get more and more upset to the point they just call it. And I did not even at that point tell my counsel like, nobody needs to know You're gonna compartmentalize this. Yes. Yeah. And you're gonna put it in a little tiny room in your head and then you're just never gonna talk about it. Think about it again. And I'm training, I'm still being tested and I'm still winning races by this point. My son was one my issue. Let's go back to that word. Yeah, yeah. Was that when they reached out to me and my counsel at that point, I had nothing to hide.


And so they presented what's called a queen for a day letter. If you sign this, you're saying that you're gonna tell the truth no matter what your truth is, you can never be prosecuted. It won't be brought up. Oh really? It's kind of like you haven't been read your Miranda rights and you're gonna talk off the record. None of this can be brought into trial. Yeah. So I've talked with my counsel, we signed the letter. The little that I know about all of this legal stuff, if I was to admit to lying, then the shit is really gonna hit the fan. So I'm gonna hold onto this lie and I'm gonna hold onto this lie and I'm gonna hold onto this lie. Here's where it starts. This is where it starts. So at this point, let's say it's 2005, 2006, my oldest son is now a real human.


They're not a baby anymore. And they're running around and they're getting into trouble and they're making poor choices. And I'm telling my kid, once you make a poor choice, like how should you handle this situation? You come and tell mom and we deal with the consequences. And then you move on. And I'm telling him that and I'm having an interview or I'm traveling around the world and I'm just lying. Oof, man. Okay. Right. So this Hold on a second. This is there so much to hold. This is where the real story starts from my perspective. Yeah. We're now living in a lie. And it's not like this topic comes up once in a while for you. It's been coming up for five straight years since the first Olympics. So you're gonna regularly get asked about this.


You're gonna have to lie over and over and over again. And I start to say, you know what? Now my kid at some point in his world can do a timeline and they can say, wow, I was born in oh three and in oh five, my mom is still running and she's still doing interviews. At some point he'll be able to do math. And realizing at that point that as much as I'm going to lose the respect of my kid trumps everything. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. It's the one thing that's gotta be preserved. That's great. And I make the decision that it's done.


It's very brave. And I don't see it like I mean. I do on one hand, but I'm just like, I'm not gonna continue this. It's worth it, but it's not worth it anymore. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Sleep. Number. Ugh. Mattresses can be a pretty big purchase. It's kinda like a home. You and your partner have to shop around for one that you'll both love that's comfortable and suited to your preferences. Well, I'm about to make your lives a whole lot easier. Instead of hopping around from store to store. Just check out Sleep Number Smart Beds. They're designed for you and your partner's ever evolving sleep needs. When you see it, you'll know it's the one I mean. This just changed the lives of my bride and I. The fact that we didn't have to compromise on the firmness of the mattress and the fact that it can evolve as we evolve is incredible. Sleep Number is great because it's all about what you need. You can adjust the firmness to your ideal settings on each side, perfect for couples. The smart beds respond and adjust to your movements throughout the night to help you sleep better. My Sleep Number is an 85. Whether you need something with more support or something to help quiet the snores. Sleep Number has you covered. So Sleep Better together with a Sleep Number Smart Bed. It's the only bed that lets you make each side firmer or softer whenever you like your Sleep Number setting. Only at a Sleep Number store or Sleep Number dot com.


This episode is brought to you by PayPal. Say Yes to summer because now you can get cash back on many of your favorite brands with PayPal I mean look, I am even using it to take the kids to the zoo. Yeah. That's how useful PayPal is. It's Ubiquitous, which is really nice. Yes. And, you get cash back. I Also like it 'cause you can send money with PayPal to friends. Oh yeah. Which means going haves these when your BFF visits this summer or Callie and I live in the same city, so she's not visiting, but we are going on a trip, and so we're gonna have to do a lot of Splities And fire money back and forth to each other. That's right. With even more cash back in your pocket when you pay with PayPal. Saying yes to Summertime Fund just got a whole lot easier. Make sure to download the PayPal app. An account with PayPal is required to send and receive money. Redeem points for cash and other options. Terms apply.


We are supported by a ZipRecruiter. Oh, get recruiting ZipRecruiter. Ooh. Some jobs are just wild to think about. You ever see these people, Monica? They're in a helicopter. They're hanging out the side and they're repairing the high tension. Oh, my electrical wires. Oh, where do they find that person? I, It is wild. You put an ad in the paper and six years later some person calls with that qualification. No, you go to ZipRecruiter. If you're hiring for a job like that, or any job whether you're looking for a civil engineer, an attorney, a pediatric nurse, or even a mascot, you can find the right people for your role on ZipRecruiter. And even better, you can try it for free now at ZipRecruiter dot com slash dax. Here's how it works. You post your job and immediately after that, ZipRecruiter will start sending you candidates for your role. It's smart matching technology sorts and scans through top talent to find people with the right experience and skills from accountant to zoologist. ZipRecruiter makes hiring faster and easier. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Try it for free at this exclusive web address ZipRecruiter dot com slash dax. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash dax. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire.


how are you dealing with that experience of living with light, looking at people lying. You have this little compartment in your head, this mental gymnastics. What's happening as a result of that? Are other things starting to fall apart? Are you becoming depressed? Are you trying to regulate yourself through other things? There's This idea that, one, I'm not competing like how I'm used to, which is a thing in of itself. Right? You've lost the biggest part of your life already. Right? That's a For a few reasons. I'm older, I have a kid and then I have a second one in oh seven. My competition days of being where I was that's in the past and having to deal with that is traumatic.


If that was the only thing happening in your life, that'd be Yeah. Yeah. You'd probably shave your head again, You never shaved your head. I'm gonna back This, but I wanna make it even more dramatic so you're gonna shave your head. But just also at that point, this whole idea of living a lie in a lot of different ways, knowing that I am gay. Are you ever indulging in that? Not during relationships. While I was in college. There was, there Was some fun nights, But living with that too, after I graduated from college, making the choice that I needed to fit in a certain compartment for Nike, For everybody.


Like it's easier when you fit in this white picket fence. Yeah. So you are already pretty well rehearsed in living with a lot. You've got kind of multiple ones. You're juggling. It's, it's just, It's untenable. Right? High. And then There's injuries. Like I had a back injury and there's just so much. So 2007, my second son is born, I don't wanna do this anymore. So it'd been two years of kind of living and perpetuating that Lie. Yeah. And I reached out to my counsel and I shared with them that I gotta do this. And they're like, well, do you know everything that could potentially happen? And we put it all out there. And it was the biggest surprise of my life when I came clean, shared with prosecutors, they took me to trial.


There was a recommendation in all of it. That community service would be my sentence. Went in there really thinking that. Yeah. Expecting that. Yeah. There's no precedent for any of this. You haven't heard anyone, you haven't stolen anything. You haven't been violent. The notion that you have to be separated from society seems like that's gotta be off the table separated from the Olympics. Maybe There's no Exposure of that in my life. Like I don't come from a neighborhood or Yeah, exactly. Like we're there. I had a cousin and so I can remember, I don't know how long, sitting in front of that judge courtroom full of people and he's just like, gotta use you as a lesson. And I'm like, what? What does that mean? And he came out something like six months.


He said it so fast. I didn't even grasp that. He was actually saying six months incarceration. Yeah. And. you had a brand new baby. Brand new Baby. My wife will come away for two days. For the first two years. Yeah. Yeah. So on vacation. Right, right, Right, right. I mean when This two and a half hour speech, I always like to say speech was done. I looked at my attorney and I says like, what did he say that I have to do? And just being in shock. How long from the sentencing to you have to report to prison A few months or something like that? I was remarried then and made the choice that the boys were gonna go to his parents out of the country for reasons that were very purpose Because he's from Barbados.


Very purposeful. I needed to get them away from everything and serve my time. I never wanted my kids ever to come and visit in a setting like that. Like I never want my kids ever to feel comfortable in a setting like that. You don't wanna give 'em that memory. So making that choice that I would deal with, being without them and knowing that they're in a loving environment On a fun island. Right. Just with people that love them, they're on vacation. So I first was sentenced to a certain facility in Texas and then it came back a month later that they were gonna put me in a more secure facility, which wound up being one of the hardest federal institution for women in the country with the idea that they're putting me there so that I'm protected more.


So that's some interesting logic. Oh yeah. You should have been with like the tax evader and shit. This particular institution was in Fort Worth, Texas. It's about three hours from my hometown of Austin. And again, I'm a planner. I need to read the book. Yeah. And there are no books turning myself in and wanting to be like everybody else on that particular day. Meaning there are helicopters. When I turned myself that day when I walked into the common room, I guess with other inmates, my story of me turning myself in is on the tv. Ah, that's very surreal. Telling myself, alright, this is six months. You're tough, Marian.


We're gonna do this and we're going to crush it. You're a fast runner if you got a runaway from something. Yeah. The way that I deal with stuff is superior. Yeah. The fact that I've been able to get through this and get through this and get through this, I'm going to crush this and almost make a challenge out of it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Make it a competition. Do the best version of this. Right? It could be done. Yeah. And I figure out my flow in there. This is how you do it in prison. Like you pay somebody to do X, Y, and Z and there's commissary and there's a different world. This is how you do it. Understand it really quick. Find out who's part of your team and who's not, who you stay away from.


And I'm charming, right? Like I'll just say it. I know how to handle myself in every situation. Well, you've Been in the public eye, seen Different cultures and find my way I think pretty quickly. And then didn't find my way. There's two parts of this prison. There's a camp side, A camp. Oh god. And those are like, that's a euphemism. The tax people. And I'm on that side and there's five of us in a hotel room. No, not hotel room, but like a room, right? Yeah. Right. And on the other side of the barbed wire, there are the real criminals. Hard criminals, right? Yeah. Drug trafficker. Just Murderer. You hear about that. And, you get jobs on the campsite. And, you are a little more free moving.


I could do this. There's a track. Hmm. And then I got into an altercation with somebody who was my roommate. So in this type of setting, money is commissary. You don't get real money. You get people put money on your books. Some people in there don't have anybody to put money on their books. So they do side hustles or jobs, meaning that they will do your laundry. And there's only two machines on the campsite. And, you literally have to stand there for three hours so that nobody steals your stuff. I don't wanna do that. And I have commissary, so I hire somebody to do the laundry. Like that's what she does. Not just for me, for other people. And we pay her in commissary.


I have a job in the kitchen. Life is not too hard. I work out every day. And I like to say that by the time I left in those six months, I probably was in better shape ever. Yeah. Anyways. And so because I work out every day I have workout clothes, like you can buy sweats on commissary and all, all of a sudden I'm seeing that my shit is gone. I don't have as many sweats. And it's noticeable because I use it every single day. Right. And I'm paying somebody to do my laundry. And how do I navigate somebody who relies on their commissary and now I'm gonna ask them not to do my laundry. And so I decide that I'm gonna just have her and I in the room. Like I'm not gonna do it in front of other people. I don't wanna embarrass her. And so everybody had left for they with their jobs.


And I say, you know, I think I'm going to, and didn didn't even say why you didn't accuse her. Right. I just said, you know, I was gonna do my own laundry. And she didn't take that very well at all. And I found out later on that she was on some type of meds to control her mood while she was in there. And I was like, and that's that. And I'm gonna leave the room. And she decided I wasn't gonna leave the room. Mm. No. And there was an altercation and I finally was able to get out of the room and saw a guard. You know, I was scratched up. She was bloody chasing me or whatever. And so when that happens, they take you to the other side of the prison. It's called the shoe. It's solitary because it was just her word versus my word.


And they have this investigation and it's not happening overnight. So I spent over 49 days. Oh my God. In solitary. Oh my God. And on top of that, this part of the story was never even revealed because at a coach during that time that was also investigated, he was having a trial in California. And the feds decided to put me on what I call con air to fly me to California just in case they wanted to use me in that trial, which they never wound up doing, but having to do con air and along the way, different stops and they don't tell you where you're going. They have child molesters on the front of the plane.


Like you're walking past all that. I'm having to stay in county prisons, which is the worst of the worst. And not knowing where I'm going, can't call my counsel, can't call my husband or anything. At that time, never being used in the trial, getting flown back to Texas. So for over 49 days in solitary traveling con Air County prisons back now at this particular federal institution, and finally getting the investigators to say it's your word versus hers, she got a bloodied lip. you guys have served enough in solitary, you can go back to the campsite. And by that point, I had about a month or a month and a half left there.


Oh my God. Yeah. Let me go back to the 49 days because it was probably the time that I needed of what I call my quiet time that everybody needs. I was slowed down. Right? Yeah. You couldn't distract yourself. Right. You couldn't distract myself with anything else. And I had to go over stuff that had happened to me as a child. Like why I had made certain decisions like in every step. But then do I hang out in that space even when I'm released now I got two kids and there's no sporting career and there's no public life. Nobody wants to hear what I have to say. Now what Marian and without that time, things I do not think would have been clear in regards to what my future would look like.


So was it hard? Yeah. Do I wish it on anybody? No. Did I need it? And I'm appreciative of it? Hell yeah. Wow. Wow. That's a fucking great Attitude, right? Because at that point I'm like, I am on this planet for something bigger and better than running down the track fast for 10 plus seconds. And I know that inspired people, but I have so much faith in the person that my mom raised me to be, that there's bigger stuff out there for me than just that. And I'm gonna prove it to myself and to my world and to my mother and to my kids that my failure is not forever. That my setback is gonna no doubt be my biggest comeback.


Everybody can relate to hard things happening to them. Although I was the best of the best, John could have been the best of the best at what he did. And he made a blanked up decision and he lost it all. It could have been a blanked up decision about his relationship. And there was a divorce. And now kids are dealing with crap and he's in that space. We are all at some point in that solitary, we're all in our own prison. You don't have to stay there And. you can fight and it's gonna be hard and I'm gonna come outta here. And I did not have a platform to share anything except the crap. And although it's part of the story, it's not really part of the story if people are wanting to dig down deep into it.


The part of the story that I want people to hear is that if you're looking in the mirror and saying, besides that young boy that you told us about earlier on, that he won, he's Doing fine. Yeah. He's just doing so fine. Almost every person in their world is dealing with something and maybe by looking at my journey, my story, and they see that it's not over. And so when I came out, got to call it my six months vacation, I could have easily just disappeared. Just been a normal mom raising my kids. But there's a bigger, bigger story than one that was already written for me and one that I wanted to write myself. But I needed a platform.


I loved the sport of basketball. I had been drafted when I came out of college in the league. Not only do I love the sport and I have a a desire physically to do something challenging also You could really benefit from some teammates about now. That's Right. Right. You know what I'm saying? Some community that, But I needed a platform to share shit happens to everybody, but it doesn't have to be the end story for you. And I wanted a challenge, a physical challenge. So I made A-W-N-B-A team and it was a humbling experience because I hadn't played in almost two decades. Wow. So again, reinventing myself in my darkest moment, 49 days, six months vacation and saying, you know what?


It's not over running fast on the track and being on the cover of Vogue, that part is over. But that's just such a small part of the story and I'm not gonna allow that to be the end. Yeah. Wow man. Oh man. Okay. Are you capable of having, not compassion, but understanding and empathy for why the reaction against you is so cruel and punitive? Have you been able to actually acknowledge why that was the reaction? Because I personally think it's because it's not just that they liked you, they loved you. They kind of made themselves vulnerable in a way to feel the way they felt about you.


And so I think people took it personal on a level they had no right to take it personal. Yeah. That's on them. It's on them of course. But it's almost like if you've been cheated on by someone you love, there's a be betal guy. People didn't care about You. No one give a fuck. Your then husband also went down. A lot of people went down, no one really gave a shit. They're like, I didn't root for that person. I wasn't singing from the roof. I love this person. So in a bizarre way, what I would hope you could take from that is that this outrage and anger towards you is really kind of the receipt that they loved you so much. That's, and I don't know if you, that's Certain one way of looking At it. Yeah. but I don't know if you can see it that way. I don't know If I'm totally there yet. But I also know that I embrace this idea of being that person to so many people.


I'm not gonna say I played into it, but I get it. I let people in my world and that confidence in something so great was chopped down by my choices. What I don't get is that so many people are stuck there. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I agree. I'm not saying that the outcome is just Yeah. And I'm not saying you deserved any of it, but I'm saying in your best, most generous way, you might be able to find a little thread that you can pull, which is, is actually proof. Everyone loved you. I understand it. If they didn't care about you, they wouldn't have cared.


This is celebrity in general. People love to love you and then love when you fall. We talk about this nonstop. There is a betrayal bias there that like, oh my God, she betrayed me. But you didn't, you didn't betray anyone. People take that on all the time. Celebrities as like theirs or I love them or they mean so much to me. But that's because their reality is thwarted. For Sure. I just think that Marian has the option to look at the world after the wake of all this and going, no, none of you guys ever like me couldn't wait to say fuck you and get outta here and punish me. Yeah. I don't think that You could walk away with that conclusion or you could attempt to look at it as it's weirdly proof of this enormous love people had for you and have for you.


But again, I'm a fucking addict who's done all kinds of shit and lived with all kinds. So it's like I ain't one to judge like the shit you did. The fact that You were publicly disgrace and sent to prison. Girl, you haven't done a 10th of what I did in my addiction. So it's completely unfair. And I think what has helped me is that I don't see it like that. I hear it and people have presented it to me like that. But I see, and I joke with my clients and the people that I work with, that God must think I'm one strong bad mamma jamma. 'cause I'm also a believer, right? And I know that you don't get more than what you can really handle. There's a true purpose for my world in that I needed to have gone through stuff so that my testimony can be one that truly will inspire even more people.


The one thing is kind of very surface and easy. And then the other thing actually is connection and resonance and human. I see you so weirdly, the people that have been weeded out at this point, the ones that are still there, are actually the ones you want. It's very substantive. If someone looks at you and goes like, oh man, yeah, I fucked up and I, I got to do it privately and I got to do it quietly and fuck me if I had to have my shittiest day on planet Earth in front of 6,000 reporters. Yeah. Whoa. And then been made an example of For ultimately we're talking about a running a game. Again, it's not like you a bunch of old people out of money or you injured somebody. So it is comical on the surface of what the real stakes were.


But again, I think that's why you got asked yourself, why was it so powerful to people? And again, I ultimately think it's love weirdly. So it doesn't mean you gotta forgive everyone or not be upset that that was a reaction. But I just do think there's something interesting about the reactions to different people. What I am grateful for is that there are people who are my age, our age Thank you Who are still struggling with this disguise and covering stuff up in their world. If my hard story can be heard by one person and they look at their story, like my stuff is really not that bad compared like all that she's had to deal with.


Right? I would hope that that'd be like, you know what? I can get through this. This is what I hold onto these days. I like that failure is not forever. Hey, it doesn't have to be like you can find your passion. And that's where I'm at right now. And that's why I'm so excited that people want to hear my story. There's a passion about where I'm at in my world right now. What Is your outlet right now? I know You were training for a while. You were like a coach. Yeah. So now like I'm a personal professional development coach and what that looks like is I have a passion for fitness. So I have clients, but I've also now partnered with a company where we teach success to entrepreneurs. Like what is the mindset?


We could do a whole other podcast. Just the mindset on how to be successful, how to set goals, how to get through hard times with your business. What's that company Driven performance. So I train fitness virtually and those people also get my life coaching step by step. And I partner with an amazing New York Times bestseller. I'm at a place, I have a partner now of three plus years. My kids are in a good place. You live in the best city in the country. Yes. I'm living my best frigging life. And it's after all of That. Yeah. The theoretical best moment of your life, which is standing on that podium. Lemme ask you this though, because I have felt robbed of this experience.


So You were Seen standing on the podium. No. You felt robbed. I've had versions of it, but the moment You were witnessing at nine when the sprinter crosses and it's by an inch. And that elation you think you saw, did you experience it when it happened to you? Yes. If you look at images of me crossing the finish line at the hundred meters at the Sydney Olympics, one step over the line in a stadium of a hundred plus thousand people not knowing where my mother was in that and looking up and finding my mother. And so although all of those medals and all of the records have been wiped, certain memories can never be taken out.


No. Yeah. Yeah. If you had to trade this medal you gave back versus finding your mom in that moment. And she had put so much into it too. And when I gave the medals back, that's what I thought. To me, the medals were just the material stuff. I worked my ass off. I've just was blessed with amount of talent from discipline motivated. So yes, I get it. I understand you give the medals back, but I won that race. Yeah. And that's hard for people to hear. Right. People that have been hurt and I know, right. And this is controversial. Every woman in that race knows that I would've won that race and that's gonna create its own whatever. I can care less. Yeah. Right. Right. They know it. Most of them are our age. They grew up running against me.


I was beating him by five 10 meters at age nine. At age 12. At age 15. So I get it. There're your medals that moment. I got it. I can't Take it all. And what I find now is when I see people come up to me and they're like, yeah, Marian, that was tough, but Thank you right now, because this is the point in my life, especially if they're our age, that is hard for them. Yeah. They're covering up something. Like I shared last week on the anniversary of the legalization of gay marriage, in essence, I came out to the world, my world, my family have known for a long time. But I shared on my Instagram feed that I identify and the outpouring of supports from people, not just people in that community, but people that are like, I am living a lie.


When I see that, that's almost like my moment of crossing the finish line. Yeah. And I would even argue that it's a little more substantive. Correct. One thing is very impermanent and temporary. It's that moment, it's going on the stage, whatever. And that's gone. But the other thing is integrity, which is kind of daily and hourly and potentially forever. Well, and One thing changes your life, the other thing changes other people's lives. And that's the most Significant. Yeah. And we hadn't talked about this, but my kids seeing, we go back to the timeline and now they're older and now they can look if and when they do. And I'm sure they have. And they will in their future and they're gonna do the timeline and be like, you know what?


She did it and it was hard and she made poor choices. But we came in this world and she was going to rewrite the narrative for us and for her. But for them, like to me, that's everything. Yeah. Man. That moment, obviously when You were making this speech, you're crying. I've seen it a million times. Did you at least walk away a thousand pounds lighter despite how sad it was? Oh yes. Oh, the liberation of fucking finally owning up to all this shit. I had my mom there, she has her hand on my shoulder. And when I look back at that image and I really do, but in my head hurt, touching me, holding me, embracing me is my reassurance that what she instilled in me and my brother is something that will carry me into this next season of my life.


That she's already equipped me with all the armor and the tools to get through anything and then do it even better. Well again, she's at least reminding you in that very moment, you're worthy of love. Even on your worst day. Yeah. She's right there. Yeah. It's an incredible story. Yeah. I'm really grateful you came in and me Too. Me too. Told it To Us. Me too. I appreciated Help so many people And that's my hope. I've been there. I'm not like Gotcha. Attention at this point. My satisfaction comes from people saying, thanks Marian. I needed to be reminded that my voice can be heard. Even when maybe you don't think it can be. I can be seen even though I'm not gonna be on the cover of this.


I'm important Thank You. Well, Marian This's been a delight. Thank y'all. Thank. you. I'm so thrilled to hear from you and to hear that you've lived long beyond that moment. And, you've thrived in, you're happy. It's very inspiring. I appreciate it. I'm gonna show you a kindness and not insist you race me in the backyard like I did to Felix. Yeah. That's something I did in the past. Yeah. And you. It Was probably regrettable. You've learned from that. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Okay, Good, good. Because God knows I wanna race in the backyard. All right. Thank, you be well. Good luck with everything. Thanks. Were coming. Thank you safe to You all Stay tuned for the fact check. It's where the party's at.


Let's update the cherries. Okay. This is our first fact check in the attic that now has a door on the bathroom. No. And no more cords hanging out of the ceiling. Okay. No more cord. It's fine. I Know, I know. It's fine. It's an adjustment. You keep wanting to talk about it and it's like You want, it's a process. You're, you like want me to process Trying to, I don't you carrying around any No, but I think you have to let people process on their own time. Okay. Okay. Alright. But just to add color to the situation. So Rob, who always goes outside to pee, either goes in the guest house or in the porta potty. He just went peepee.


I think number one. Yeah. Number's number one. Yeah. Well we were in here recording. That's interesting. Yeah, it Was fine. Disrupt. It was disruptive. How Does it feel Disruptive? I don't love it in a bizarre way to me. Yeah. It feels much less private. Oh really? Yes. We had a guest this morning and they went to the bathroom after, where normally we'd walk out and I still, I was like, I gotta get out of here. 'cause you can, he kind of hear there's stepping in there and like I, no, this is a disaster. Okay. I don't wanna talk about it anymore. I have a lot more to process. Oh, okay. Okay. But I'm, I can handle it.


I can handle whatever feelings you have about it. Okay. Well maybe the move would've just been just to fix the drywall and all the hanging cords and leave the bathroom as is. Yeah. We're We can't go back. No. I'm gonna have 'em undo it all. Do a glass door maybe. Oh, so we could see. Yeah. And also I just take the door off the hinges, But also now it's all fucked up. Like the chairs in the wrong spot. Yeah. That was unforeseen. I will, I'll grant you that. It really messed up where the, the, The feng shui is fucked. There you go. So what we'll do is we'll put the chair there and then we'll hang a little curtain between us and the I don't wanna talk about That.


You want me stressed? No, no. I just wanted you to be able to vent. Okay. But I don don't. I Could take your, I could take your disappointment. I feel better processing it in my bedroom by myself. Okay. On my own time. Okay, great. Let's, let's get past this. I wanna talk about the Olympics. Great. 'cause I, I have so much to say about the Olympics that I was writing it down this weekend. Oh wait, Real quick. Sorry. Real quick. 'cause it's Thursday. Today is Thursday. This is also for Marion Jones. Ding ding ding. I mean. Oh my Jones I mean, my God. My God. Oh my God. Today is the all around final for gymnastics. Oh. And as of now, probably I'm watching it live and I'm about to do a podcast right after this.


Ah, okay. Ari Saperstein's podcast. Will you be watching it at like eight in the morning or? I think it's nine or nine 30. Okay. And then we're immediately recording when it's done. Wow. All my thoughts. And I've been brushing up on all my thoughts this weekend. Okay, great. So let's start with probably what we will be discussing right now is everything we saw happen on the opening weekend. Yes. Right. So maybe a lot of stuff has happened in the next three days that people will be like, how the fuck are you not talking about that? But this is where we're at thus far. I want to start with an umbrella statement. I almost forgot how much I like the Olympics. Same. I have complaints. I, it occurred to me, in fact, this was one of the foundational elements of our friendship.


And as I included you into Nate and I's World and You were participating, which is I live for the penises in the Olympics. I know. Love Them. You love 'em. And, well you said, I know you said that like You were disappointed, but there was a period where you really liked the penises too. I did. I do. You've outgrown it. I'm you matured? I might have. Okay. I don't know. I don't know yet. 'cause I haven't seen much so far. That's my complaint. Okay. I watched probably 55 hours of Olympics since Friday. And I mean anything. I'm doing, I'm watching Olympics, I'm working on, I'm watching Olympics. I'm putting my tools away in my garage. I'm watching an Olympic, I'm watching watch watching. And there's not been any events yet that really showcase the male penis.


Yeah. And if people don't know what you mean is like the latex, the tight, a lot of the runners, like you really see Movement I mean I captured the total unicorn of all this, which was, there was last Olympics, if you recall, there was a long jumper whose pants split open in the air. Oof. And then when they landed their butt hole picked up a ton of sand from the pit. Okay. And then as they exited the pit, there were, there was sand falling out of their butthole. And. you saw the whole thing. It was just on television. And I was like, I was screaming with excitement. I had videoed it. I sent it immediately to you and Nate. I just couldn't believe I felt, I don't remember that for some reason This lucky that I saw something like that.


Yeah. God. It's like was energizing Very sim that you would've caught that. Yeah. 'cause the the of all People, it, It split and then it acted as a little shovel. Sure. So when it, you remember it? I think it's Clear. Oh, it's obvious. Okay. I Don't remember it though. I'll show it to you. Okay. I'll find it. Okay. It'll take me all day. But all it's worth doing. Okay. It's, it's an amazing, it's amazing. But often also there And, you can Google these, there are a lot of times the athletes are so excited during the medal ceremony that they have erections. This is another thing. Yep. There's been a lot of famous erections at the metal center. I don't think it's because they're so excited. It's like a, it's a chemical. It's like adrenaline and stuff.


It's not that they're just so happy they got a boner. Well I mean we're using, what are we saying? You're saying chemical. I'm saying that, I'm just giving that a, a name which is excited or aroused. They're so aroused from the circumstance. I. mean I guess. I. Guess what I am saying? Well, maybe you're saying this too. I don't think it's like They're not horny. Right? I wasn't saying no. Okay. Okay. Just wanted to be clear. Involuntary. I think it's so much excitement. I, I compare it and I have in the past too. It's like when I got, my father tricked me. He said, if you clean the garage, I'll take you up to Anderson's Motorsports so you can look at sprees. That's a moped. Sure. That I wanted really bad. Yeah.


The promise was just clean the garage just to go look at them. Which I was willing to do. How old were you? I was 11 or 12. Okay. I went out in the garage to clean it so I could just go look and there was a fucking spree sitting in the garage. Oh, That's really sweet. It was so sweet and such a good prank. I don't like pranks, but I like that prank. That was a great prank. And I got on it and I rode it around my dad's neighborhood. Yeah. And I was hard as a rock. Oh right. I remember being com hard as a rock where I was like, it was hurting in my jeans while I was riding. I was like, this is inconvenient. I just wanna ride this thing. But that's what I, so I have some experience with it. So I think that's what's happening with, I also remember these athletes are young.


They're not much older than I was when I was riding my spree with a boner around the dad's Neighborhood. No, they're older than That. Well, some of 'em are like 18, 19 standing on that podium. They have got all the hormones. It is. I think it's just a hormonal dump. Like there's so much going on And they become erect, visibly erect. And that's always fun for me and Nate. And I thought you, but I guess not. I don't know. I don't wanna say it's not okay. I just, I don't have offense. Don't remember. I will say last Olympics in Tokyo, COVID Olympics, Penises didn't come out to play As much. It was the worst. Sorry. It was the worst Olympics. Sorry. Tokyo. Like, and it's not Tokyo. It's it's fault. It's definitely Covid o's fault. And I wasn't as into it. Which is why this year is exciting.


'cause I feel everyone's into it again. It's a Makeup. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. People are happy. They're talking about it. They're excited and there's hope in the universe. Yep. It is really cool. It hit me. I was watching the opening ceremony and the announcers are, they're laying it on pretty thick, but it was working for me. They're like, this is the neatest thing we really do. This is the only time we all come together. Most everyone come together to do this together. It's really cool. It is. Back to the penises. So the, so there's those ones I listed the medal ceremonies and stuff, but then there's, it's generally in the track and field, sometimes you'll get an incredible situation where the penis is flopping from one side of the single to the other.


Yeah. In a really, You can't dramatic fashion, Dramatic And, you can't help but notice. Yeah. And so what I'll do is I'll video that and I'll send that over to the chain. And it's just so exciting. Yeah. Okay. So anyways, that's my only complaint so far. Okay. There's not been any, I haven't seen a single penis. I don't know what's going on. You haven't been watching the sports that often showcase them? I don't think they've been up yet. Right. So that's Yeah, table tennis, you don't get any penis play. Oh. But here's one funny thing. This is one thing I, I wrote down, I'm watching gymnastics with the girls and we're watching the men on the Palmer horse. Yeah. And she's going back and forth and like Delta says something vaguely, I know what she's getting at.


She's like, oh my God, it's, it's so close. Like they're so close. They said you had to hitting their penises, right? And she's like, yes. And we were saying, what if the event was about scaring your penis? And then every time they were crossing we were going, ah. Oh God. We called it the penis trauma event. Wow. 'cause all you're doing is you're just seeing how close you can get. Do you ever wonder about how deep your obsession is with them? With the penis or, yeah, The penis not your kids. Oh, I was like, let's be clear here. What are we talking about? The male penis. I think you, you, I think it's over you. Over index. Now it's my turn to say over index.


Yeah. In You under index in saying Overindex. I do. That's right. Wow. In excitement over it. I don't know. Rob, do you love the male penis? Not as much as you. Okay. I've never heard Rob ever like different speak about in the way that you do. I know, but we also have way different personalities. And even if he felt that way, he wouldn't probably be prone to share it. I mean? I don't know. I'm, I've been around a lot of men with a lot of different personalities. Yeah. I do think you overindex Probably. I love you love it. Seeing the penis and film and television. Yeah. Do you ever wonder like why I think it's so funny. Yeah.


It's so silly. You Think it looks funny? It does. It's ridiculous that the fact that this is where it's at. It's right. Sticking out of the front of your legs that are moving so much. It's a kind of a crazy lole for, for it. It is a weird Location and it's a ridiculous appendage. I know, but what it's like what, how, what, what size is this thing? You know, it changes shape and size. Sure. It bounces. Sometimes it's stiff as a board sometimes. But where would you rather have it on the body? Oh, the penis? Yeah. Like where's a better Armpit? Maybe. Okay. Out of 10. So we'll say I'm a 10. Where do you think you're at on this? Like when you're watching Rich's Gemstone and they got the incredible scene with the penises behind his face the whole time. How much are you enjoying that I mean?


Like a six. A six? Okay. I think it's fun. I think in that scene. It's funny. Yeah. Yeah. And what about a penis bouncing around while someone's trying to sprint? It's just like getting in the way. It's A six too. Okay. It's a six. Yeah. Now we, but you're asking I think, an even deeper question. Like, I'm just curious what is it about or Yeah. Like I Do you think it's like I closeted homosexuality? No. Okay. Well, I don't know where you're going with this. I'm No I mean, look, it's the question we ask every single fucking person who comes in here. Like, why are you the way you are? Yeah. If a guest sat here and like spoke about the penis as much as, as you do, you might be like, huh.


Okay. So I wonder like you've had some negative penis interactions, so I wonder if Well, yeah, if you think it's trauma based, well I mean It might be, but I've had guests on that we're equally interested in the penis, Rob Hanney. Sure. I'm not, I don't wanna, And so when they they did it, I was like, yeah, of course. So because of my own position on it, I, I wasn't even curious why they, because you asked normally you're, No, he did not. It is not the same. This was even a step further, if you recall what he said, like he'd want to see if he could do, Rob probably remembers this. Why don't you ke Okay. You, you keep doing, I know we're talking about the male penis. Yeah. So I understand, but it, it feels a little isolating that it's very Rob focused.


Well, because he's the other boy in the room. And so what you're asking me is like, why this unique obsession with a penis if I'm a straight I, mean you're adding straight guy? I thought this has nothing to do with my question. Okay. My question is about you Dax. Yeah. And what, just like, I'm obsessed with shopping. I know, but, but let's take this most recent one that made you point that out. Okay. So I think it's more memorable for a guy to hear that a guy said he would like to play with the penis to see if he could get it hard, which is something Rob said. I was like, oh wow. That's so, that's beyond Rob McElhaney not Rob Hols. Yeah. Yeah, I remember that now. Right. And then, so I don't, I don't think as a woman you might even log that in your memory.


Well, I actually think that's wrong. I think women very much are aware when men are talking about sex and penises. Yeah. Because it often tri, you know, you're then hyper aware of how sexual that person is. Sure, sure, sure. Yeah. I think that's a, those are two different conversations. Yes. For their safety. They should pay attention. But I might even, Even should, I'm just saying Naturally. Do you remember Rob saying that though? My hunch was that you didn't, I don't remember that, But I think for Rob and I, because of the implicit implications, it was like, oh wow. So, okay. That's, that's really memorable. Sure. I don't think that's as memorable. This is like sort of hard to explain, but it's, it's kind of like when partners at a law firm go golfing and like the woman is there and it's like, yeah, the men all do this thing and they have this camaraderie 'cause they're all men.


It makes it weird. Well, that's a much bigger and very exciting conversation. Well, we can get there or we should could stick to the Olympics. I don't know. We dunno What weeds, I don't know. But I just, this sometimes happens when we're talking about gendered stuff. Yeah. Well, 'cause I'm, you're asking me, you're pointing out that it's unique or we won't use the word weird but weird or not weird. Okay. I'm Just curious. But just unique over indexing. And I have an opportunity to check in. Am I over indexing or is this, every boy is obsessed with penises. Like I have a control group in the room. So it's like, before I try to theorize on whether I am way over indexing, I want to find out maybe I'm not.


Mm. You know, so that's a real natural check-in for me. Like, I don't know. Rob, do you have the exact same level? Well, but I know, and maybe all boys have penis. I know, I know what I've been exposed to as a woman and I know where people index, whether they're thinking of it or not is not even really what I'm asking. Like you are very like, open about it. Yeah. You love talking about it. Yeah. It's funny and it's fun. And it is, it's so funny. I I find it funny too. Yeah. But I, I Put a ton of penis in my first movie. Yeah. You Love penises. That's What I'm saying. So even whether Rob secretly thinks it or not is not really what I'm asking. Like in my life, you overindex and I'm curious, you know, I'm just curious if it's Well, right.


Tr if it is trauma. No. Well, I don't think it is, but maybe it, how would I know? Yeah, it's true. My point is, I was, I had an opportunity and, and, and to me it was pointed out. So I had an opportunity to go like, oh, I think all boys do. Right? They're just not talking about it. Yeah. And then I asked Rob and he's like, no, I'm not. I'm a six. So I'm like, okay. So I am unique. So now I'm on the investigative path of why I want to point out that in Brothers Justice, there's a car chase scene. Yeah. And. you always see inserts in movies during car chase scenes of shifting and the clutch pedal and the shifter and the gas and the break and all these inserts. And I kept putting in how bad the penis and testicles were shaking during this really violent car chasing.


Which is funny Because, you know, that's part of the story too. But do you see, do you see what I'm saying? Because nobody, And it was so funny, Nobody else has done it. Which proves that you overindex. Yeah. I felt very original with that. Yeah. It is. It's it's, it is original. It's, I'm not, it's not, I'm not, it's not bad. I just have a curiosity around Yeah. Around your curiosity. Yeah. I just think they're super funny. Yeah. And ridiculous looking. I think think the answer is I'm a perv. I think if I had to Sure. If I had to just sum it all up. Yeah. I think I'm a perv. I think I'm a perv too because in my book and my most recent book that I can't stop talking about all fours.


All fours. There was, And he's much, by the way. So, so many comments are, what's the name of the book? Veronica's Reading. Oh. And I'm thinking like, I even remember it, which is, I Know I say it a Lot. You say it so much and it's such a memorable title. All fours. Yes, it is All fours. There's a part that I find sexy that I've learned a lot of people don't. Okay. And so I then, and I was like, I am a perf. Sure, sure, sure, sure. So it's, it's in, it's just interesting. Yeah. So if I were to inquire to you, what's your explanation of that? Just trauma. I think I had some and I don't know about it. No. It could have been, you know, I mean, I don't know. I, I don't care.


I mean, I'm not like gonna go investigate. But I have been told that I was, what was the word? Used, like kind of overly sexual as a kid. By who? Your parents don't you? This a family member. I won't say who. Okay. Who was around a lot a woman. And they, and they, and she said You, were over sexual As a kid. Anyway, anyhow, all to say, I guess I'm a perv too, and I don't really know where it's from. Could be trauma. I think it's just genetic. Could be, well it's definitely not genetic. We don't know. I do not, There's no telling what Mimi's responding to when she reads all fours and she's just not going to tell you.


Never. Or a joke. So we just don't know. That's all I'm saying. My mom's a perv. I mean, I think Janet, my dad was a perv. I come by it very honestly, but They talked about it. Yeah. They're pervs. They own it. But they were also both victims of Trauma. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. So I don't fuck. I don't know. I just don't know. Yeah. Anyhow. Well, yeah, because when I, I was at dinner with two friends, a man and a woman. And this woman had read the book and I was basically Saying what part you like? Yeah. Yeah. And it, she was like, gross. It wasn't well received. Yeah. They didn't think it was hot. It's a unique kind of shame that immediately verbals outright because you can have total conviction in it.


And then when you do say something and that people are like, grossed out. It's powerful. It's weird. It's A powerful Well it just teaches you like, oh yes. Oh, this isn't universal. No. And it's really a no-no. Like you're, you're a very naughty person if you like these certain things. Because we had this conversation before. I don't even know if I can proceed with my list of things I like about the Olympics. Oh God. Are they all about penises? They're not. They're not. Okay. They're not. Okay. They're all about bodies. Well, a lot of them I mean, isn't that part of what the, is great about the Olympics? Well that's, you're seeing these bodies that only exist. Like it is true. It's such a, that's part of the appeal. It's like the human form can be like that.


It is shocking. I agree. It's both like what the human can accomplish, which is one thing, but then also how they look. It's just, it's like a Fine line about objectification. Right. And that's why I was focusing on the penises. 'cause I think it's a lot better if I'm objectifying men. Yes. I would. And I'm not even gonna specify about the whose buns they are. I'm just gonna say they're, I have seen some buns. It just defies what we know about buns. I'm not A but girl. Right. So I What Are you? I don't know. Okay. Personality. Yeah. That's not, I bet you are, but that's not fun for the Olympics. Oh, for the Olympics.


Yes. I'm a, I'm a prowess gr I, I like to see people proficiency defy gravity. Not their buns defy gravity. Their their skills. And So there's no body part that's like turning your head, Seeing the F Like seeing someone's lifelong work come to fruition. Oh, I love it. I do too. The body is not as much because they are so specific. That's Part of my great fascination. But I don't, I almost, it becomes white noise. Mm. I understand. That's not the case for me. Actually, I looked at some bodies and I was like, Ew, I'll cut that. Okay. What ones I mean? They were like nice bodies.


But I was like, oh, I hate bodies. Oh, Okay. I think you should keep that. That's interesting. No, I'm cutting it because it That's rude. Like it's rude. These are people. No, you're not saying they have bad bodies. You're saying you think bodies are gross. I thought bodies were gross for a second. Oh, Okay. Wow. Wow, wow, wow. But I'm also on my period. Yeah. So we can't You're a untrustworthy. I'm narrator. Narrator. And also bodies are beautiful and gross. Mm. Like it is crazy that I'm bleeding right now. Right. Don't look at Rob right now. I didn't. Okay. I am just telling you. Oh, I'm talking about my blood.


I only look at Rob. I'm talking, talking about penises You or blood. No, no, no, no, no, no, No, no, no. I'm just saying Are you okay? So I understand not getting horny for the bodies. Sometimes I do. Okay. It's hard to pin you down. I know. I'm all over the place And, but I'm a perv. Do you not? And I know I've already covered this before, so bear with me how different each event makes the body in a very predictable way. It's, I find that so fascinating. It's all of the swimmers. If you line up all the swimmers and have them turn around so you can't see them, you can't tell who's who. They all have the exact same body upside Down triangle. Yes. Let Me start by something positive. Beach volleyball is so awesome.


Like it really to me, we've had many guests on here. You know Natalie Portman talking about soccer And, you know, people don't watch women's sports. Now what's the chicken and the egg of that? They don't watch women's sports in the us is it? 'cause they don't get given a primetime slot, right? Is it? They don't get the ad campaign. All I can say is I'm watching the women's two on two beach volleyball and I'm like, this is easily as exciting as NFL football. It's so crazy how fucking good they are. Yeah. I mean. Especially if you played volleyball at all. Right. They're doing the impossible. Yeah. That's cool. For hours. Oh and it hurts on sand. It's so athletic and impressive.


Yeah. And then I was thinking, yeah. And then women's gymnastics. Oh it's, it's better than the men's just gymnastics for me. Yeah. It's riveting. And I was like, we can love women competing Ish though. I think that actually goes to show that a lot of it is cultural because we do like it at the Olympics. We love watching women's gymnastics. It's probably one of the, it's definitely it's gotta be at The top that And track and field. Yeah, Exactly. And probably swimming, you know. But we only watch gymnastics at the Olympics. There are gymnastics competitions all year long. Yeah. Worlds nationals so much. It's not even, we don't know about it. Right. Unless you're like really invested in gymnastics. So part of that is, it doesn't get talked about very much in a public way.


But Simone has brought a lot of V words. Oh yeah. And by the way, why do we watch swimming? We didn't watch swimming 20 years ago in the Olympics. We watched it 'cause of Michael Phelps. Like why a star? Why did everyone start watching golfing? Because of Tiger Woods? Like these superstars make the sports. Yeah. And Simone Biles makes gymnastics. I know. But I also like That's so much pressure. Yes it is. Okay. So and this is just the luck of this is the luck of whatever, two synchronized divers. I dunno if you watched any synchronized diving. Yeah, I did. Do you know that the team of them's called Cook and Bacon? Yeah. I loved that Fucking Cook and bacon. Yeah. The US team Team. What could be better? Now it sucks on the screen.


They have to put at alphabetical. So it says bacon and cook. Yeah, but cook and bacon. I know. Like they should open up a car dealership or a barbecue restaurant or something. And their family, you see 'em in the audience. They got their cook and bacon shirts on. I know. It's So cute. Did you see that they're putting heart rate monitors on the parents in the audience? Yes. This, this was incredible. One in particular. Heley Rivera, the 16-year-old. Yeah. The youngest on the gymnastics team. They have a heart rate monitor on her father. And during the whole routine, his heart rate is above one 60. When she went to do her landing, his heart rate was 180 1.


Oh my God. Do you know how fuck, like if you, oh my god, sprinted for four minutes. You probably wouldn't hit 180 1. Oh my God. Sitting there. Yeah, of course. Can you imagine 180 1 on? I'm surprised these parents aren't having heart. Heart. I know it in the audience. It actually scared me when I saw that. 'cause I was like, this is not the, they Should be taking a beta blocker to watch their kids. They really should hand those out. They to the parents. Free tip. God. Can you imagine though? That seems so awful To watch your child. Yeah. Especially 16. Man, it's so hard to be 16 but 16. At least this is how I would rationalize it. 16. She wants to do this again.


She could do it again. Yeah. But if it's, see when you're 20, it's your last Olympics and you're the parent. Yeah. Oh Stressful. So stressful. It was great though to see Simone with her hair done obviously by her mother and her mother in the audience. And that was heartwarming. Thank God she got to do her hair. You don't like this one? I don't think. I just, these are fun things that pop up. A black female judo athlete competing and her name was white boy. Yeah. I just think that's so great. And this is the kind of thing that just pops up when you're watching the Olympics. Things pop up all over The place. Place. They do. There's so many names like Cook Bacon God and the black woman named white boy.


Yeah. Yes. Is it pronounced like that? Are you sure? Yeah. Yeah. The announcers are saying white boy. Wow. Wow. That was her last name was white boy. Yeah. Which is just, it's really something. Yeah. You don't come across that a lot. Now last thing I wrote down, and this has nothing really to do with the Olympics, but it continues to crack me up. That my kids will, like, they scream if I go through commercials, They want the commercials. They insist on commercials. They're almost only watching it for commercials. They love commercials. Oh my. 'cause they didn't grow up being forced to watch them. And they love commercials. That is so odd.


It, It drives me inside. I'm like, guys, we can't possibly stop on these are local co Like I'll try to delineate why these aren't worth them watching. Huh? They do not wanna miss the commercials. And I was thinking just how subjective everything is. Like if you grew up And, you had to watch commercials. You don't wanna watch 'em if you grew up in a time where you don't watch commercials, they just stream everything. They are so interested in it. And heaven forbid 'cause they're showing wicked commercials. Oh Yeah. Oh my God. I made the mistake of like blowing through 5, 6, 10 seconds of that commercial and they lost it. Speaking of commercials, there was a commercial. We're not trying to be negative here. So Yeah. I won't say what the commercial was. Okay. Hmm. It's gonna be hard to talk about what a Yeah.


But it was a commercial that looked very high quality. Okay. So I had to guess immediately as to what the brand was. Okay. Which I was correct about. Okay. And it was an Olympic commercial and it had all these athletes. But the message was so odd to me. I know what you're saying. And did it remind you of that Cadillac commercial? What's the Cadillac? The Cadillac commercial. That was kind of infamously. It was the wrong time. Wrong place. Yeah. This is much. Was that guy walking, walking through his house going like, yeah, in France they take off 12 weeks a year. But I, and he's basically bragging about like how we, we work harder in the US Oh. And he has a Cadillac and he is got a mansion.


Yeah. You might not make it to every soccer game. Like it was a real embracing of like workaholic culture. Okay. See, I don't even know. And it made a pull. It, it was like, it, it was, it was like the Pepsi and the, the riots. You know that? I don't know This either. Oh my God. During BLM they had like, it was like protesters and there were cops and they shared a Pepsi and people were like, oh my god. Oh my. You don't remember that? God. No. They parody it on SNL. Oh, that's funny. Yeah. So there's, you know, yes. These people take a lot of swings. This one. Yes. So I like it though because it's the truth. It's wrong time, wrong place. It's the truth though. You can't, It's not, it is not. It is not. It is the Truth. No, it's not.


To say that you have to be a bad person to win is not The truth. No, they weren't saying they were bad. The question is, am I a bad person? 'cause I am this way because I have no em The words were Yeah, no empathy. Selfish. That's not true. It's true. No, it's not. I'm I've won things. Well no, no. But they were showing individual things. So listen really quick for a sprinter, you can't want your, to be empathetic to your opponent would be to hope that they win for them. No. Yes. No it's not. You can have empathy And. you can know. In fact, you do know you're the only, only people. You don't even need empathy because you have it. Yeah. Who knows what it's like to be in that person's position. You do have empathy. It doesn't mean you're gonna let them win.


But there Is a reality to zero sum contests that I think it's just pageantry to deny. Which is they want everyone else to lose. That is the facts. They're not entering that lineup without the wish that everyone next to them loses. So the question is, does that make me a bad person? Yeah. That doesn't make you a bad person. These other things do, having no empathy, being extremely self. I honestly, I thought it was a political ad. Oh, Okay. Until interesting. The end. Yeah. Well, I'll tell you What, when I saw the brand arguably, and I was like, this is for them. Especially Who, well, they're playing by both sides is The fucking master.


They're the ma I think they're the master of the ad. Them an apple. Yeah. They're so good. Yeah. They do it perfectly every time. I could not believe this is what they were putting out right now. I kind of dug it. I'm sorry. I was like, oh yeah. They're, they're attempting to tell the truth, which is this endeavor winning. It's not for everyone. You have to be entirely selfish. And. you have to try to beat everyone. That's, that's what it is. Trying, Trying to beat Everyone. Fraudulent. To pretend that's not what you're doing. Or dishonest. No, Not now.


No. Maybe, maybe in 2028 they could, they could do that ad. I'm, I'm true. I am shocked that this, you're shook that this got through. Yeah. In this moment. Well this is my what We Have a whole, like the person who epitomizes all that stuff is trying to win. And for us to say, Well, but you made it about that. How can anyone, this is what's on. See, see, I wasn't, that didn't cross my mind at all. Most people right now, a lot of people, I don't know the percentage. Right. Some people, many people in America are thinking about an election. It's just happening around us all the time.


So that's at the forefront of the American zeitgeist right now. And so this is hard to not, for me it was hard to not separate, but maybe for, maybe it was just for me. Maybe no one else. Put Two and two each catch. Yeah. When I was watching the Olympics, I wasn't thinking at all about the election. I Just think it's such a bad message to tell people that these qualities equal being a winner. I just don't like it at all. And I love being a winner. I love winning. Yeah. And I I, and it is cutthroat And, you do have to do a lot Of things And. you have to want everyone else to lose. Yeah. That's why. So that's, I think that's the core of what's being asked, which is if I want everyone else to lose, does that make me a bad person?


No, that doesn't. But that's not what, that wasn't, that wasn't the question. That's what I took from it. And you took, it was vaguely political. I don't think this company meant it to be political. Yeah. I think it was a mistake in timing that it ended up being, to me it ended up reading political. I'll tell you this minimally. It got both of ours attention and we're talking about it. Yeah. They're great at That. You're a marketing major. PR different. Okay. Sorry. I did ask Callie, who is in marketing, what'd She say? She said she needed to think about it. Okay, Cool. Yeah. Good for her. So she wasn't like No knee jerk from her. No, she wasn't like, yeah, you're right. Yeah. But, and she wasn't like, I also like it because I love the narrator.


Yeah. Was it, who was it? Willam. That's what I thought. Yeah. I was like, is it Willam? Defoe? Yeah. Yeah. Who I do Love. And he put such a cool spin on it. I thought he's acting like a little devil. I do love him. Yeah. Friend of the pot. Go check out Willem's episode. Yeah. Of armchair expert. So how about this though? They've taken big swings like this in the past. I mean at the height of Tigers, many public personal disasters. Yeah. He won the masters and the ad was winning. Solves everything. Oof. God. They are I mean Look, They're, they're about winning. Cheeky. No they're not though. 'cause they also have had perfectly executed female empowerment campaign.


Like so many Kaepernick support. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. Like, I think I, I like that about them. And They're on the edge. That's what I like too. I don't think they meant this to sound like they're talking about our election. I just, I'm surprised nobody said hi. I wonder if this message is a little bit weird right now. Yeah, well I did that on my own, interestingly. But I thought it worked in my advantage, which is remember Race to two 70 came out right during the election. Yeah. And two 70 was just arbitrarily the weight. Well it wasn't even arbitrary. It was just 30 Pounds. Exactly. In the middle of their two weights. Yeah. And so race to two 70 and Yeah.


And then all of a sudden I was like, oh, this looks like it's a podcast about an Election. It'll, yeah. Anyway. Well all this is a big ding ding, ding. 'cause this is from Marian Jones. It's so perfect. I'm so glad we watch those shows because Yeah. And I'm enjoying Simone so much. I knowing her story now. I think if you learn about SUNY Lee, you'll love her too. Yeah. I Like her. She's, and she's had all these like crazy kidney issues this past like year and she's back and it's Ooh. Yeah, she's awesome. And she has had all these stalkers. Oh my Jesus. I know. She's Really up against it. I know. Anyway, so where'd You learn all your SUNY Lee? I've been, I've been really, I've been in Your reading Stuff. I've been in the world lately.


Okay. I also, there's a dot called Golden. It was after the last Olympics. I think This is the one that Phelps made. No, no, this is about gymnastics. Oh, okay. And it was following some of the women who were going for gold. They were, they were trying to get, you know, picked for the team. That's what it was about last time. Anyway, SUNY was in, that is in that doc. So you do get to learn a lot about her, which is cool. 'cause then, you know, she won. They're all inspirational. Okay. Marian. Okay. Yeah. Marian. Marian.


I loved her. I loved her. I cannot believe she went to jail for that. No, that's bonkers to me. Obviously you should be able to kick someone out of a sport. Yeah. Well, I mean I have Medals away. Yeah. I mean I have a, I I have an opinion. No one likes about that. So it's, it's, I see both sides of it. Big time. If I have a daughter Yeah. And she's competing, I want it to be fair for her. Yeah. Okay. That's one opinion I have. We're full of contradictions. Yep. Another one is like, you're an actor. You get filler to stay fresh, to extend your career. You do like anything possible. Every single that's domain does everything possible that's available to them.


And it also doesn't make you super human. It's not like V on the boys. Right. It's just like, but it does Cha it Enhances. Enhances Your performance. It puts you in the optimal range for all these things. And, you know, some people are in the optimal range genetically, they hit the lottery, some don't. You know, and it's just, I don't know, it's a little, you know, you can get your eyes fixed for something you can do. You can do a lot of stuff. And then we just draw lines. And I understand that they're there. But Yeah. I mean the lines make sense to me, but I just have a lot of compassion. I see how it happened. Right. Like I see how when you're a young performer, athlete, all you're focused on is that that is your only job.


It is hyperfocused. And. you are paying everyone else to pay attention to every other thing. Yeah. And you are trusting that what you are getting is, is okay. Right? Yeah. And, and a lot of people would probably rightly so say, well that's stupid. Like, you are not paying attention to your life. You're not in charge of your life. Because I do that often with money. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. Of course. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I, because I I find that turn it over that very overwhelming. You get an overwhelming Yeah. I, yeah. I hire an expert who can handle it for me. What's the point of hiring the expert, if not to turn that over to them and Not have to think about it anymore. Sorry, I'm gonna take one more run at this. I just want one more example. Okay. So many musicians who audition for symphony orchestras take propanol so that they don't get too nervous to perform.


Now you could see where some musician might go like, but I don't want to take a beta blocker. And so, because I don't want to And. you get to, that's cheating. But I don't think that's cheating. Yeah. I think there's a difference in that nerves can lower your ability, but enhancing your ability is the problem. Well, but if you take away the nerves of an audition, that is an advantage. Well yeah. But everyone can do that. I know. And everyone can take Well they can if a morlin Well they could. I'm saying just like you could take, that's the point is that they haven't made it illegal for artists, musicians, performers to take a beta blocker to do better at their job.


But it's to get through an audition. It's do better at their job, but it's to perform at their personal peak. And with these performance enhancing drugs Yeah. They provide extra. It's not just you perform at your peak, it's your peak with more. Yeah. Which is the difference. It's more than just you. Yeah. I wish I knew more about it because I don't think Jordan couldn't have been better if he was, was on PDs and no one on his team could have taken PDs to be as good as Jordan. Yeah. It's, I think certain sports is different. Yeah. Yeah. The body building's very clear. Yeah. You have to do it track. How about and body building though, where everyone just agrees like, yeah, if I'm gonna pursue this, obviously I have to do a ton of different exogenous hormones.


We all agree to that and now we go compete. That's fine. Obviously. Right. I guess it's, the issue is like people that Yeah, they don't want to do it, nor should they have to do it to be competitive. I don't know. Well, it's like the whole point is to see who's the, the best. Like that's the point. And it starts to get very complicated when people are enhancing their abilities and Yeah. It's funny 'cause if everyone just did it all, then you'd be back to zero basically. You'd be back to where everyone started from. Yeah. Yeah. So in one of the gymnastics podcasts I was listening to, I forgot that in 2000, the all around gymnast who won also got her medal revoked because she was on cold medicine.


Yeah. Sudafed. Yeah. That at least is a stimulant. But they I mean As opposed to weed. Well, yeah. Again, like Yeah. That's crazy. It's so dumb. But she got her gold medal taken away for cold medicine and ev like most of the other, even gymnasts were like, no, no. Yeah. Like that did not make her win. Right. Yeah. Like what Simone Biles can do. You can't take cold medicine and do it. Right. And, you Also can't And you give give, you could give all of her competitors, every known PD and they Yeah. They wouldn't do What she does. No, they can't. No. Anyway, okay, now the doc on Victor Conte. Oh Yes.


And Balco. Yes. The 30 for 30, right? No, it's a untold Oh right. Untold Hall of Shame is what it's called. Yeah. Untold was a great series. So good. I looked up list of stripped Olympic medals. There's a lot. Oh really? Yeah. Let's see. From November, 1905 to December, 2022, a total of 159 medals have been stripped. So now maybe more, maybe with nine medals declared vacant rather than being reallocated after being stripped. Hmm. The vast majority of these have occurred since 2000 due to improved drug testing methods with only 20 strip medals for pre 2000 additions of the Olympic games.


I gotta get off the subject, but the other tricky thing, and I brought it up in the interview, is you could dope all year long and just stop a few months before and pass. So given that that, well She was, remember she's never tested positive, Right? Yes. And I don't, I can't remember from that doc whether it was he had found a substance at work that they just weren't testing for. I don't know what the whole thing was. Like. She said that the thing she was on, when when he slid it across the desk, She knew she had been taking it. Yep. And that, that was illegal even though it hadn't triggered any of the tests. But maybe they stopped giving it to her in time. Like she was just saying. I know, I I'd seen it before. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


So they might and, But I'm just, I'm, I'm more saying like, I guess what I'm proposing is if something's ultimately unenforceable, is it even worth exploring? Which is if you can dope for three years and nine months Yeah. And build up this base and then just go off and pass all the tests when you do. If that's a reality of it, then what are we talking about? So I guess the real rule is like you just have to be clean for those three months. You know? Or maybe they test them the whole all year. I don't know. I don't know. They, they should, I guess if they really are sincere about it, they should be testing them every month, you know, all year in between events. Well, my guess is I mean, again, there's so many competi like meets and stuff.


We only hear, we hear about this one every four years. Yeah. But I assume they're getting tested before all of these things. You Would guess. Yeah. I'm guessing that. Okay. I have her sad video At the courthouse. Yeah. Yeah. Should I play it? Sure. I'll play a little bit of it. And so it is with a great amount of shame that I stand before you and tell you that I have betrayed your trust. I want all of you to know that today I pled guilty to two counts of making false statements to federal agents. Making these false statements to federal agents was an incredibly stupid thing for me to do.


And I am responsible fully for my actions. I have no one to blame but myself for what I've done. That's all. It's four minutes. But it's sad. I think it's really sad. It's hard to be a person. It is. I guess if I were her, I would've been throwing people way under the bus. I would've been like, guys, it, as it turns out I was. Yeah. And I acknowledge that, but I did not know. Yeah. I can't imagine saying I'm fully responsible. Just me. Right. I know. Like, I had watched that and then when we heard her story in person, I was like, oh, I thought she was gonna tell us that she knowingly did it.


Yeah. But then she told us she didn't know. What I took was not necessarily like, I fully didn't know, but I actively chose to not pay any attention. Which I guess maybe someone just advised you like, look, there's no way you guys gotta that in front of the courthouse. Sounds like she's saying she knowingly was doping the whole time. Yeah. And that's not what we heard. Right, exactly. Here. So, well It, I don't know. Like, I think she was just like doing the let's get this behind thing. Yeah. You know, I won't quote, I should take accountability for my actions because She could have said like, look, as it turns out I was, I I didn't know. Yeah. Now what I did do is once I found out, I kept it quiet for two years.


Yeah. That's on me. I was really scared that 'cause that's what she said now with us. Yeah. Yeah. And to me, maybe she just thought no one would even believe that she didn't know. Maybe I mean, it's just like you take the high road, you say, look, I did this. And What's insane is that somehow she was incarcerated. I Can not Believe that. That we paid as, as citizens. We paid for that woman to sit in a prison. F for what? To keep all of us safe. I know. It's from her running too fast. So outrageous. It's so, it's nuts. It's nuts. Nuts. It is nuts. If she were white, they wouldn't have sent it. I hate to say it, But I, I agree.


Yeah. And they said make an example out of you. Yeah. Like, okay. All right. Well that's it. That's it for Marian. That's it for our Olympic coverage for now. No. Well, no it's not. It for our now Olympic coverage is gonna continue like a week past the Olympics because of our delay In October. Oh my god. No. Yeah, we'll keep talking about it. We'll know about the gymnastics team event and all around event. We'll probably know about Noah and Ari. I'll learn some more new names 'cause I'm watching everything. Yep. So as I, I hear more interesting names. I'll report them. Great And fun pairings. Cook and bacon.


I know it's, they gotta a sim. They need to start a business. I like these. There's two female volleyball players. They're so dominant and they're, they've bucked the system. There's, they stay in Louisiana. They don't, most people come to California to train. Oh. Almost everyone I think. Oh. But they played for like Louisiana or something. Oh cool. In college. And they're like, no, we're gonna stay right here and train. Ooh. Seems Hot. Well, perfect training if you can be good there in that heat. That's true. You get to Paris and you're like, Ooh. You think the humidity would fuck you up a little bit Though. Yeah. It'd be harder. It'd be like training at elevation kind of. I know, but Like everywhere else you played would be a breeze. That's Kind of interesting. 'cause I think, I don't know, I feel like you're supposed to train in the exact environment even if you think it's harder.


Well the elevation thing is a proven fact Way. Well that's, it's Also, that's a way to dope by the Way people say. It's just again, here's another interesting one that's a way to dope without doping, which is you go up there And, you train for a few months, And you get way more hemoglobin to carry more red blood cells. And, you have an advantage when you come to C level. Yeah. But for long That's fine. And you And it can't be for that long. I know. That's what boxers do. That's what tons of elite athletes, they train at elevation to get the hemoglobin up and that's fine. But if you could take a shot that increased your hemoglobin, that would be not fine. It's just interesting. Yeah. That's why it's so hard. None of it's very clean. Yeah. Like they're allowed to take vitamins and optimize everything else. Okay. Enough of that. Yeah.


There's not, yeah, it's tricky. It is. It's interesting. I kind of fall, I always fall in this. I I was, I hated that Reggie Bush had to give his Heisman back 'cause he bought his mom a house from the booster money. I thought that was bullshit. I generally am gonna come on, on the side of the, you know, disenfranchised athlete that came from nothing. I I mean. Yeah. I mean you gotta give fuck. Just get out their way. I know. Go pick on someone else. Leave alone. Like literally there's so many fucking privileged assholes. You could be pointing your It's true. Think how many people think how many these fucking bankers didn't go sit in a prison. I know. After 2008. I know. It's crazy. And Maryn, you ran too fast so afraid.


I hate it. Yeah. Well I'm, I, I found her very inspiring. She's turned her narrative. Gosh, she, This is an adjacent to Monica Lewinsky. Oh. Like the whole country hates your guts. And. you gotta keep going. I know. You got a whole life to live And. you gotta refuse to be defeated by it. It's so inspiring. And it's only way after the fact that people are like, huh, We were a little hard on that person. I think that was a maybe not so nice. Yeah. Yeah. All right. All right. Love you. Love You.