
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert Experts on Expert. We are joined today by Dr. Mary Claire Haver. Wow. This is a long time coming. Big time. Armchairs demanded it and we have produced it. And we actually leaned on armchairs to tell us who their favorite menopause expert was. Yes. And by unanimous popular Dr. Mary Claire. She popped up and she fucking delivered.


I love her. I thought she was so great. This is so informative and helpful and needed. And I've brought this up, obviously to a lot of my female friends. What was the main thing you said? 'cause I brought it up to some people too. Oh, I'm, I'm just like, guys, we had a perimenopause menopause expert on this really intense. It's very positive. It's like the most hopeful. It is. It is. I was overwhelmed. Okay. In a good, in a way that I needed to be overwhelmed. Where like there's a lot Hear Everything coming your way. Exactly. There's a lot coming slash here. Yeah. And, and there are real things to do and so I gotta do 'em. I've been telling people about the topical vaginal rub.


Sure. That's what I was most interested in. Yeah. People we, we learned a lot. So we learned a lot. Okay. So Dr. Mary is a certified menopause practitioner from the Menopause Society. She is a board certified in Obste and obs. I said this in the, it's hard to say. In obstetrics, obstetrics and gynecology specialists and a certified culinary medicine specialist and best selling author. Two of her books, The New Menopause, which is hugely successful and the Galveston Diet. I urge everyone to follow her on Instagram. She has really, really great videos that will be addressing all these little things that pop up. And also you could go to her website, the Pause Life dot com, which is a comprehensive approach to menopause education and support.


This is awesome. She was rad. Yeah, yeah. Enjoy. Alright, enjoy.


We are supported by the all new Galaxy S 25 Ultra from Samsung. If it's time to upgrade your phone, don't just do the same old thing. Get a true AI companion that's enhanced with the latest and greatest tech. The Galaxy S 25 Ultra evolves with you to handle multiple tasks with just one ask. For example, you can tell it to search for recipes and add it to your notes or find a restaurant nearby and text it to your friends. And it does, which is so nice because when you cut down on time, toggling from app to app, you get more time back and you can use that time to actually cook that recipe or hang with your friends at that restaurant. And now brief with Galaxy AI gives you personalized daily briefings that keep you a step ahead. See your appointments, the weather, your energy score, and more, all in one place. Get your Galaxy S 25 Ultra now@samsung.com. Compatible with select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check responses for accuracy. Now brief with Galaxy AI displays daily select information from select apps may require internet connection Galaxy AI features by Samsung free through 2025 and require Samsung account login.


We are supported by Tropical Smoothie Cafe Unwind and Refresh at Tropical Smoothie Cafe with freshly made smoothies and tropic bowls that instantly transport you to tropic time. One bite or one sip. And you'll instantly feel like your cabana side made with refreshing fruit and tropical flavors. Eating your fruit and veggies has never been this fun. We could Make our own arm cherry tropic time smoothie and it could have cherries in it. Oh. Oh. It could taste like our favorite ice cream with cherries in It. Yes. Oh yes. So we would, we would add Cherries, Maybe almond. Let's add some spinach in there For a little spring in your step. Yes. Add more good vibes to your smoothie with fresh add-ins like almond, spinach, ka chia seeds and ginger. Or even supplements like protein and energizer at Tropical Smoothie Cafe. It's always tropic time because you deserve a little vacay every day. Order ahead, take the scenic route and earn rewards with the Tropical Smoothie Cafe app. Download it today. Visit tropical smoothie cafe.com to find a cafe near you.


He's in UA franca. What is it? Lingua Lingua franca. Lingua franca. So they hosted my book launch on my big New York, one of the deals. And she made this for me. Will You wait 39 seconds? Absolutely. This is so nice. I feel like see it because I do indeed. Hydro magic. I love It. I'm told it's a wicked reference. It is, Yeah. Yeah.


And the colors are wicked. Yeah. Yes. I'm going to a Mardi Gras ball that is Wizard of Oz. Wicked themed In New Orleans In Galveston. I love Galveston. You've been there. I Have. There's like three people and he's one of them. Yeah. I used to work for General Motors and we had a car show there and our ride route ended there and we stayed at a very cool hotel and each room was like kind of unique. Do you know the one I'm talking about? So that's gonna be the Galvez. More than likely. Okay. Very, very Nice On the water. Old. Yeah, very old. Felt like vampires would stay there. That's it. And you guys moved there. So you're from Louisiana? Yeah. I grew up in Louisiana. Went to undergrad. I was a rag occasion, so Nice. I put USL, I'm dating myself.


It's now ULL. They're fancy. And then I did grad school for a little bit, almost went the PhD geology route. Oh my undergrads in geology. I went to work for an oil company. Ah. I kind of had a change of heart and was like, what else can I do with this science degree? And I was moving towards the PhD and I'm like, if I'm not gonna do this PhD, I need to do something cool and big. Let me just take the MCAT and see what happens. So then LSU for med school, which was in Shreveport, north Louisiana. And then I did residency in Galveston. And we've stayed in the Houston Galveston area pretty much since then. Do people tell you you look like Courtney Cox? Yes. Yes. Like especially back in the day. Yes. When she was on friends, I was a resident and we would have friends watch parties and now it's kind of Tina F Anyone with black hair and big glasses it me.


Well, both are compliments. Yeah. And we love 'em both. Yeah, we do. Yeah. Huge fan. You're one of eight. Yeah. What did mom and dad do? A lot of sex? Well, clearly. Yeah. Good for them. Yeah. Yeah. They weren't shy about it. I would walk into the parents making out in the corner and all like really stop. So mom and dad were restaurateurs? Oh Yes. They owned a Cajun restaurant. Yeah. We just called it food. Right. You would call it Cajun. And it was a little more upscaled. It was steaks and seafood. And I grew up in a big restaurant family. My grandparents, my aunts and uncles, most of my siblings. That's why they couldn't keep their hands off themselves because restaurant people party a lot and they're horny. They party a lot. That's a whole Lifestyle. Lots of naps. Work. The lunch shift, come home. Nap. Nap, nap.


Quotes. How do you choose obs? Obs. Obgyn. Yeah. I want to say obs direct. It's a hard, it's a hard word. Hard. I can say obstetrician, but OB obs. Obstetrics. Ob obstetric obstetrics. That is tricky. Obstetrics and gynecology. So in your third year in most traditional programs, first two years are just in classroom and you get a little taste of different things, but you're mostly just getting the basics down. And your last two years are out in the wards where you're in the hospital rotating and figuring out what you wanna do. I remember I thought I wanted to be a pediatrician. I was president of the peds interest group, but they called pig. And I did peds first. And I realized quickly I love babies, but I don't love their parents. Right. The whole dynamic. This is not my niche. Yeah. So then you rotate through surgery. I really liked aspects of surgery, but I didn't like surgeons.


They were, yeah, very early. Yeah. ENT was cool, but super competitive. I had the grades turns out, but my last block was obgyn and that first night I caught a baby. The block I happened to have first was labor and delivery. Yeah. Wow. I have some awesome upper level resin who's like, we got this. Come on, you get in there. And I was like, Ugh. And I remember calling my mom like I finally figured out what I wanna do. Yeah. I wanna deliver babies. That's awesome. I didn't wanna have anything to do with menopause. What part do you think was so rewarding? I still could cry. It never gets old. Being there for a birth, I'm assuming times. Well I wanted to dial in on it. 'cause two of my favorite experiences on Earth are the second. Both of my daughters were born holding them, looking in their face and going, oh, welcome to Earth.


Like there is something so crazy And I could see them before you. Right, right. And I'm just like, you know, it's never gets old. I mean, it's a miracle. And I make a big production. We lay the baby on mom's tummy and I let the daddy cut the, I let you know. Yeah. He gets to cut the cord, give him do crying through the whole birth labor process. I'm hanging out. Where'd y'all meet? Let's talk. Because you don't get that connection in a 15 minute visit through the OB stuff. So I'm there for delivery. I'm not just rolling in to catch the baby. I'm there for the whole labor. You're also getting to be a part of the most intimate thing that a couple will share. Or one of them for us for sure. Like, oh my god, we made a thing and it's here. As opposed to a meter made, who has to give people bad news all day?


This is like the opposite. Yeah. Yeah. There's occasional bad outcomes and tragedies. And I'm trained for all the crazy stuff that could happen, but most of the time I just get to be there and it's just such a cool experience. So that's what I fell in love with. And I'm like, and I have to do surgery and I have to do this menopause thing and do gynecology. But it's a necessary evil to do this baby thing. Yeah. Yeah. So this menopause thing was a sector of it. Yeah. But not even. Right. So not even in medical school. Right. We do four years, two years on the books. Two years in the wards. And we had one one hour lecture in that first two years. This is menopause. Just a basic Overview. One one hour lecture. Okay. I'm not shocked. I know almost nothing. That's why I'm here. I got you. Exactly. And you pointed out, this isn't my realization, but we're gonna do one hour to address a third of a woman's life.


Exactly. That 100% women Yes. Will go through. It's not optional. Yeah. And it's Not a couple weeks or a couple months, it's a third of their life. We're gonna just not worry about. Yeah. But you know, it wasn't put to me that way. This is just a transition and estrogen declines and off you go. And she might have some hot flashes. We've got medicine for that. Okay. Then in OBGYN residency, which is women's health, probably 55, 60% of what we did was to do with ob. Getting people pregnant. Staying pregnant, un ting them. All the trials and tribulations. Important stuff. So proud of everything I learned. And then everything else gets shoved in the box of gynecology. Yeah. And we have reproductive endocrinology, which is basically endocrine stuff that happens.


Weird chromosomal things and getting people pregnant for fertility issues. We have pediatric gynecology, how to take care of smaller people with the same organs too. Have issues and need help. We have general gynecology, well woman exams. So menopause was part of our REI block reproductive endocrinology, which we only did second year for six weeks. We had a one hour lecture each week. So I got six hours. So in eight years of medical training and education, I had seven hours of menopause. We had no menopause clinics. And then I was leashed onto the world, go be free and practice. I didn't know anything. Yeah, yeah. You've come to regret how many women were basically asking for your help and in that paradigm you pretty much were just turning people over to different specialists.


I didn't know enough at the time to know that her palpitations, her frozen shoulder, her, you know, shoulder. Oh girl, wait, we gonna get that weight? Oh no. We gotta get her on my laundry list of complaints. I'm the well woman examiner and I got 15 minutes to get through this, so I'm like, we're gonna send you to cardiology for your palpitations. We're gonna go to the ortho for your shoulder. So I'm giving her six referrals. So you're a sleep specialist for your insomnia. Yeah. And a nutritionist for your weight gain. Yeah. And we're good. Your pap is normal. See you next year. And Then you yourself started going through menopause. I was policy. I, you know, I had a endocrine condition. I didn't ovulate regularly. Why? I had fertility treatments for my kids. You had P-C-O-S-P-C-O-S. I had the two pay kids finally got that done.


I don't wanna go through another miscarriage. We're done. So I go on birth control pills to manage my condition, which I did great on. That was fine for me. And then I get to about 48 and I'm like, okay, I think we're getting close to where we're gonna be and I'm totally suppressing my period. So I'm not taking the inactive pill. So I'm totally replaced all my hormones and shut it down. I felt better that way than PCOS. I was like, probably time to get off, see where we're at. So I talked to my nurse practitioner who took care of me and was like, I'm gonna get off the pill. We're gonna get some blood work in a month and see where I'm at. She's like, cool. Very same time my brother dies. So I have six brothers from the same parents. My oldest brother died when I was nine from leukemia. So I was a kid when that happened. And then my next brother Bob had HIV and Hepatitis.


The HIV is actually really under control, but it was his liver just tanking, tanking, tanking. So I've stopped the pill, see where Mary Claire's at and I'm in the, or the phone's ringing, ringing, ringing. I'm like, get the phone. And they put it to my ear and they're like, Bob's in a coma. You probably should start heading home. Did you know that was coming? Eventually had sat the kids down and said, you know, uncle Bob's getting sicker but not like today. It Kind of was abrupt despite knowing it was coming. Yeah. I thought we had a year or two. Yeah. Anyway, my partner comes down, we get to a good part in the case, scrubs me out and I go and prepare to go home and figure all this out. So here I am grieving this horrible thing and I am in full on menopause, but I don't know it. I'm gaslighting myself. I'm attributing all the things to grief.


And certainly grief was a part of it. But after like month six, I realized the grief is lifting. I'm not crying all the time on the way home. I'm like, when was your last period? Shit. It must be so comforting to hear an OB be out to lunch on their own house. Yes, yes. I didn't like menopause. I was like, ew. Right. I was like Samantha and Sex in the city. Yeah. Not the menopause. And so I was like, Dora, I'm gonna come get the blood work now. And so we did everything and sure enough I was fully, fully menopausal. And that's detectable. Yeah. Check your estrogen. Check something called FSH one's high one's low. That's it. So it's all in the blood work. Yeah. Perimenopause. No, we don't have. Okay, that's what I was gonna ask. Ask because I think I'm in it.


I know everyone your age does. I looked up all the stats for Southeast Asia. Oh you did? Yes I did. Thank you. Yeah. So we'll go over that. But I reluctantly go on hormone therapy 'cause I'm like, I cannot live like this. I was still in the impression I would get breast cancer and die. It was gonna kill me. Well let's address that right now because I happen to know way more about this than I should. 'cause I love women. Well I do love women. But Dr. Atia, I love Peter at, yeah. And he's been such a vocal supporter of this. But so all of this, the hysteria that you probably received was based on the work of two people virtually. So The WHI study was a large multicenter trial. It was one of the biggest projects the NIH had ever taken on.


And for the first time they were studying women. We were so fucking happy. We knew from anecdotal evidence that women who were on HRT before the WI And that's hormone replacement therapy. Yep. Sorry. Hormone replacement therapy. 40% of women were utilizing HRT and menopause. So that was kind of the baseline rate. It was recommended by the American College of Physicians. I mean it was like everybody should consider this. We knew that women who chose it had lower heart disease had lower certain risk. But that's not proof. That's an observational study. Yeah. Correlation. So If you follow at tia, you need a randomized controlled blinded. So NIH billion dollar study. Wow. Let's study women. They got 37,000 women recruited. Half were placebo versus estrogen or estrogen and progesterone.


If they had a uterus, Which is a huge issue already right there. Right. If you're not combining the tube. Particular estrogen that they were on was Premarin, which we don't use today very often. And then a very specific progesterone. It wasn't using modern HRT formulations, it was just looking at this one. But at the time, in the two thousands, that was the most common formulations used. Nothing weird there because they were looking for heart disease as the outcome. Is this really protective for heart disease or are just wealthier, healthier women on HRT and we getting an artifact. The average age was 63 in the study, little late. We know it works for hot flashes. We know it'll take care of menopause symptoms, but does it really help with heart disease? So they wanted to start later because it's expensive to go 20 years. So if we start later, then we'll start seeing the heart attacks in a quicker timeframe.


They did have younger and they had some women in their seventies start, they went up to 79 off they go with the trial, the women on estrogen only had a 30% decreased risk of breast cancer. And that was statistically significant. The women on the combo saw a slight increased risk, but it never reached statistical significance. Really quick. The reason it was kind of irrelevant statistically is that the control group had an abnormally low rate. That's it. Which was not even considered. So when You compared the two groups, whoa, this is really causing, it was four guys, Lebowski, Rogowski, I can't even pronounce their names. Yeah, they're rough names and they still stand by. It's crazy. Just recently they're back at it.


There were 17 centers involved in this study. There were multiple PIs, primary investigators. And these two or three guys wrote this paper and said estrogen causes breast cancer. HRT causes breast cancer. And they called everybody in a room and said, take a look at it. You have one hour to make changes. They rejected all the changes and then they went to the breast. There's no peer review. Yeah, no, they just said it and it was like letting a genie out of a bottle. Flawed interpretation and hysteria. There was no viral for internet back then. But it was the number one medical news story of 2002. It was on the cover of every magazine. Nancy Snyderman is on a B, C saying don't give anyone estrogen. I was a chief resident. I remember the day it came out and we were like, what?


I was terrified to give people HRT what I didn't know in the ensuing 20 years being board certified, getting my recertification every year, reading every article they put in front of me. I was the straight A student. They never walked it back to the OB gens. And the guidelines have not been changed in American College of OBGYN since 2014. And they still say only for severe symptoms. Smallest amount for the shortest time possible. Wow. And in pre-study it was at 40%, which you said. And then last year in 2023, we just got this published in the Menopause Society it was 4%. 4%. Wow. 4% of women who are eligible are receiving FDA approved. Now there's probably more with compounded, it's hard to track that. Right. Because they don't report. So maybe seven, but still There's a great bit of context around this.


So you start having the symptoms, you decide you want to do some investigation in this. In your investigation, you quickly find out If you were to search medical peer reviewed articles and journal entries about pregnancy, Almost 1.2 million. And If you look at menopause at that same period, 94,000 articles written. Yeah. Do you know how much brain power we're talking about how much NIH funding? How much private funding, how many labs? That's 10 to one. And more women will go through menopause than bear children. Exactly, Yes. And the bearing children process will last them however long. You wanna say that window is average Of two kids, nine months each. A couple years. 30 years. No. So pretty nuts. And maybe now's a fun time 'cause I actually want you to explain menopause, but I think now would be a fun time to just talk about men versus women here.


Yeah. Because my father, at the same time that's being published about HRT for women, my dad is being advised to be on testosterone. 'cause his level's low and it improves his life. He goes off of antidepressant, it's fine. So Men have a slow decline from like 18 or 19 down till they die. But for most it's still detectable. Now you might function at better at a higher level and no one's gonna deny that to you. It would be as if your testicles shriveled up and died at the average age of 51. And your empty ball sack is flapping in the breeze for the next 30 years. And We're not gonna do anything about that. Yeah. And good luck to you dude. Yeah, exactly. We're never horny again. So Here's a sleeping pill. Here's something to improve your libido.


Maybe here's a palpitational medicine. Here's an antidepressant. Yeah. It's just like get through the rest of your life. Barely. They're talking about over medicalizing menopause, the critics. And I'm like, bitch. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm giving her six drugs or I can wipe the whole thing out with just replacing her estrogen. That's gone missing. Yeah, right. Sorry. And it'll actually increase her bone density. Yes. You'll actually have real results. Yeah. It is the longevity drug for females. Nothing's gonna work better than that. Wow. Wow. Yeah. So I mean there's a lot in there now You can raw dog menopause. You know what's making you go on it. You can't underestimate the layers of sexism that exists within the fact that it would take however many years before we would acknowledge, oh yeah, women are really suffering from this.


And they have a bunch of symptoms from a bunch of different issues arising from this. And better to treat those than to get to the core of what's going on. When You look at why menopause hormone therapy was developed, it was to treat a hot flash. And forever the pathognomonic, the poster child symptom was hot flashes, what we call medicine vasomotor symptoms. What was never taught to me, ever, and I learned like three years ago was we have estrogen receptors in every single organ system in this body. And what I also was taught is in perimenopause, it's a slow, gentle decline. That's all I learned. One sentence decline until full menopause. When you lose function, it is a rocking rollercoaster. And your worst symptoms tend to be the mental challenges, the brain fog, the cognitive disorders, the frozen shoulder, all of it is.


Yeah. And late Perry, early Menopause, that's when you're accelerating your loss of Bone and muscle And the eggs. Right. We were born with all of our eggs. A million though. That was a shocker to me. So One to 2 million at birth. One to 2 million eggs. But isn't this a weird, it's like that thing where you, you're born with all your eggs. So really your grandma's eggs are your eggs. Yes. When your grandmother was pregnant with your mother, the egg that made you was inside of exactly your mother, inside of your grandmother. In some ways women have always existed. Always. So there's all this knowledge, wisdom, and drama was also in the Mitochondria. That's imprinting that goes on. Yeah, through a traumatic pregnancy. Okay. A million to 2 million eggs. So one 2 million at birth.


We lose eggs two ways. One. And from the minute they form, we start losing it through atresia, which is like an aging process. And it's kind of survival of the fittest. 'cause not all eggs are good eggs that you wanna fertilize. So we wanna leave the healthy ones behind to catch the sperm. So atress happening, boom, boom, boom. And it accelerates got 35, we see a big drop off. And then just from ovulating we lose about 10,000 to get one to like pop off every Ovulation cycle, Every ovulation. Is That in your menstrual discharge? Where are all those eggs? They just kind of dissolved. So when one egg pops out, the fallopian tube picks it up and it gets swept like chimney through the fallopian tube and it's fertilized or not in the fallopian tube. And then it goes into the uterine cavity. And sometimes they can pick it up in the men's, you know, when they've done studies, but sometimes it just kind of dissolves.


But it's tiny. Tiny microscopic. Yeah. You have a, I wrote it down. By the time you are 30, you're down to 10%. Down to 10%. How you now? 37. Okay. So at 40 most women, and this is different for you and I'm gonna explain why don't shoot the messenger already knew women are down to 3%. This is for people who look like me. This is the average American white girl. Are you Indian or southeast Asian? Yes. Yeah. Okay. Average age of menopause is 46.5. For me it is 51. Okay. So that's average different. The window 41 is still normal for an Indian descent. And then that goes up to 51. You start younger and then perimenopause back it up seven to 10 years before that. Am I in it? Maybe.


I bet you have a mix of emotions, validation And depression. No, I don't want, yeah, this one is not good to be validated. I don't. Oh god. Okay. Well how would I know? That's A great question. Certainly if your cycles were starting to become a regular and If you had hot flashes, If you had the kind of cliche symptoms. But those are usually late in the game in perimenopause. Okay. I don't have that. The most common symptoms actually now that these online telemedicine companies have developed for menopause and they are doing scoring systems on hundreds of thousands of women. 'cause everybody goes to their website. Am I in menopause? And we have all these quizzes and things. You can take fatigue out of the ordinary. Nothing has changed. Your diet hasn't changed. Your stresses haven't changed you onset mental health changes. We have a 40% increase in depression and anxiety across the menopause transition.


With no real environmental changes. We have weight gain. So it's a steady state weight gain. But what's happening in the background with body composition is we have this acceleration of muscle mass loss and an acceleration of body fat gain typically in the viscera. So the intraabdominal fat. So my patients used to come in and grab their tummies and their little paper gowns and be like, what the fuck is this Mary Claire? I worked in a small town and we all went to church together. What is this? I knew her. I worked out with her. We ran together. I know this woman. I know what she eats. That's when I was like, I are all my friends. And now me gaining weight in weird places. None of us have gone off the deep end. We're not secretly eating bomb bonds at night. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then bone density is another key thing.


So we're seeing acceleration of bone loss. And so I'm telling my patients, let's get early bone densities. Let's not wait till 65. Yeah. Especially If you're programmed to go through younger than what's expected. Okay. Can you get pregnant? You Absolutely can get pregnant During period menopause. It's just A little harder. 'cause your supply and the quality of the egg goes down that which you knew I did that. You know the older you are, She's frozen some eggs. I have did you all the way up to, I've done two rounds, but it wasn't great. There's already been some telling, but it is still regular periods. But as you said, maybe that's the later end of it. Yeah. Towards the end of Perry meeting, you're getting close to exhausting the whole deal. Combativeness with coworkers. Oh my God, that's mental. That's too who you're working with.


Brain Fog. You know, you suddenly, you lose your words. We all do it from time to time, but this is consistent. Get in the car and you're like, where am I going? You walk into a room, what was I doing here? You know, everybody does that from time to time. Almost Interesting. We should have done this at the beginning, but now I'm gonna make you do it. Now we're unique as an animal. There's A pot of certain whales that do it and elephants are very matriarchal. Yes. But when you look at like the anthropologists and they're like, why do women go through menopause? So from a survival standpoint, it behooves a woman to not keep being pregnant over and over again. You kind of have your batch of children and then you have better survival rates If you stop. The anthropologists also think that women served as the source of wisdom for the tribe. They were the passers on of knowledge.


The dudes tended to die younger because they're getting killed by saber tooth tigers. The grandma stayed back. Now remember, these people were still very young compared to when we think of a grandmother. Now, we also died a lot sooner. Things that don't take people out now, like vaccines and childhood diseases. We have a reason why we live longer. Right. There was a very predictable role for the grandma. She was passing on all this wisdom, helping with children. Now we have all these things. We have childcare and we farm things out to strangers. And this whole role that once served our genetic fitness, We've industrialized our way out of it. We've evolved past our genetics. Yes. Wait, so we're saying the Reason that human women didn't die is because of Their, well, those who kind of ran the gauntlet of disease and being killed by accidents.


If they survived, they seemed to take on these very wisdom creating, teaching the next generation. You know? Yes. If you look at whales, they're teaching the babies to hunt while the moms are hunting, gathering with the dads, Her grandma, elephants, they're very involved. They're very involved in the aunt system. And I guess too, would I be wrong to say this? I'm assuming childbirth gets more dangerous as you're older. Yeah, it's harder to do and it's harder to stay healthy doing it in general. We would lose more women to cardiovascular issues, hypertension, preeclampsia, that kind of stuff. Before modern medicine we had medications to help manage those conditions. Diabetes. So that's how we got there. We're kind of unique, as you say, there are a couple of other people. But let's talk about what physically happens during menopause.


Let's talk about the endocrine system. What is it? What does it do and how does it change? So Let's talk about what you're going through right now. And a healthy woman who has a regular menstrual cycle. Nothing is ever steady state. It's an EKG, like ebb and flow of some key hormones. And ovulation starts in the brain, not in the ovary. In order to ovulate the brain registers that our estrogen level is low. So you have your period estrogen, progesterone drop off, the brain gets that signal, whoa, we're low. The hypothalamus testing says, all right, it's time. Sends a signal to the pituitary, next sland underneath. And pituitary is like, all right boss, I got it. The pituitary then sends LH and FSH. So if you've done any fertility treatments or you know these words or had the shots, you know, yeah, I did all that too.


So those two hormones go down and bind to the ovaries to stimulate the ovulation. Around each egg are a set of cells, follicular and granulosis cells then produce our sex hormones, estrogen in the first half of the cycle, which peaks at ovulation. After ovulation, we see progesterone rise. And that cycle is unbelievable. And goes month after month after month in perfection. Unless you're ill. Yeah. Or you're pregnant. Crazy Athlete. There Are things that we can do to mess it up. But for the average woman, that cave woman, this worked very well month after month after month. And Is testosterone going up in preparation? That's the one steady state that we have. Oh, it might mildly fluctuate, but really testosterone starts high in our twenties and thirties. And then just like a man, it Seems it would be evolutionarily advantageous if it upped your testosterone when you are fertile, When you're ovulating.


But we just don't really see that female male drives are a little bit different. So then what happens in perimenopause in the background, we're losing eggs, losing eggs, losing eggs. We reach a critical egg threshold level, which is different for every human where the signals coming from the brain no longer work. We become resistant because the quality and the quantity of the cells around the eggs available are declining. So the brain's like, where is my estrogen? The two ears is like boss, I sent the signal. He's like, send more. You start pounding the ovary with the GNRH to the pituitary. Pituitary is like, fuck. All right. Shoots out. F, s, H and LH we see it. The stimulating hormones start to rise much higher than they ever, ever. Were in a premenopausal.


She's trying to kickstart this system. Right. And just take it in the ass. So we see delayed ovulation. So the period starts to become irregular. And then because you were just pounding that egg, we end up with higher estradiol levels than we ever had before. That's why twins are a little bit more common towards the end of your fertility. Oh, interesting. Yeah. Than they were when you were younger. 'cause you're getting your self-made fertility drugs basically. Right, right. To push that egg out. And then progesterone never quite gets to where it was before. So it used to look like this gorgeous EKG each month now is literally a zone of chaos. Mm. Interesting. You have estrogen doing this progesterone's like I'm trying to keep up FSH and lh or all over the place. And that's why we don't have a great blood test for perimenopause.


I can't do a one time blood test and say obviously now for post, when you run out of eggs, FSH and lh, the brain is always looking, always pushing, always trying. And now we know we have FSH receptors in other areas of our body, we think the bone, we know the liver. So sometimes it's not just the loss of estrogen, but it's these high FSH levels that are leading to the cholesterol changes that we see. A new study just just just came out two weeks ago that was looking at using a specific cholesterol marker LDL marker called super dense LDL as a marker for perimenopause. Like we don't have a good blood test, but would a MH be helpful? Which is one of the fertility things that we check, which is a ovarian reserve hormone.


Would You have needed a baseline test prior to any of this for it to be relevant? Yeah, that's a great question. People ask me all the time. Okay, so if I'm gonna replace my hormones in my menopausal journey, would it have been good for me to know my thirties where they were? I'm like, where in the month would you like me to check? Probably not the high because that's when we have the breast tenderness. We worry about stimulating the uterine lining too much. Right, right, right. So one of the problems with menopause treatment is we've just titrated to get rid of hot flashes. But now we know women absorb very differently and not everyone's therapeutic on our transdermal doses. So in my clinic, we're starting to check three months out. What are her levels? How is she absorbing? We know that women who start HRT in the first 10 years have a 50% per year lower risk of new heart attack, cardiovascular disease, atherosclerosis.


It's very protective of the endothelium. What we don't know is what were those levels? We just know she was on it or she wasn't. Right. Yeah. Yeah. So should we be taking estrogen during perimenopause? I think so. Wow. Yeah. There's quite a big Group of data. We can decrease your risk data, but it's just how do we suppress and replace like what's in a birth control pill? Or do we just support, give you just enough to calm the brain down and make your symptoms better, but allow the process to proceed in the background. Right. There's tons of debate in my world about what's better. Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare.


We are supported by ring. You don't have to miss out on what's happening at home. With ring cameras and doorbells, you can see and speak to who's there from anywhere with ring's, battery, doorbell. Plus you can greet visitors, get notified about packages and see what's going on at your front door. And head to toe video lets you see more of what's happening up high and down low. Another great way to check in on home is rings pan tilt indoor cam. You can control the camera from your phone and pan around to see what your pets are getting up to. And with two-way talk, you can even say hi to them. Oh, that's so cute. If I get my dog, I'm definitely gonna talk to 'em through with the pan tilt indoor cam I love. I have a Ring video doorbell and I really like it and it makes me feel very safe. Yeah, they're fantastic and they're so simple to install with Ring. You can check on home from anywhere. Learn more@ring.com.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is everything a credit card should be. It's easy to manage. Built to be secure, and gives users up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. The best part about Apple Card is applying as quick and easy, applying the wallet app on iPhone and see your credit limit offer in minutes subject to credit approval. Apple Card by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


We're supported by Quince. Quince is one of our favorite apparel brands with luxury fabrics and finishes at affordable prices. Everyone I know is obsessed with Quince. Quince. Quince is amazing. I was gifted an incredible blanket from Quince, from Elizabeth and Andy. Oh wow. And it's so warm and soft and fuzzy and cute. Yeah. All their fabrics are so nice. You get the best of both worlds killer style at prices that don't break the bank. Quince has some great wardrobe staples, all at prices that are way less than similar brands. We're talking 50 to 80% less. This is a gift givers like Paradise. Paradise, correct. Well that's because Quince partners directly with top factories. So they cut out the cost of the middleman and they also make sure the factories they partner with use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices so you can feel good about your purchase, indulge in affordable luxury. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


Okay. So it's 6,000 women reach menopause every single day in the United States every day. And there are only 2300 providers certified in menopause medicine. So once this occurs to you and you're going through it and you start getting serious about your own reluctance to go through this, which is a great motivator, how do you approach it? What do you start looking at? How do you even begin assembling? What becomes the toolkit? I wish that I could tell you, you could confidently walk into your OB, GYN, your family medicine, your internal medicine doctor, and have a reasonable logical conversation about your plan of care in perimenopause and menopause. That is not possible right now. It is not the fault of the individual doctor. They may have been excellent in your birth, in your pregnancy, every aspect.


But because of this six hours. So right now they surveyed residents coming out three years ago, only 30% felt barely adequately trained to treat menopause. It's awful. So at least they're honest. Call ahead, look on the Menopause Society website, which is menopause.org and see who has passed the test and is certified there. It's not perfect. There's always people out there who aren't great doctors who took the test. But it's somewhere to start. We crowdsourced with my followers. I've got thousands of testimonials and we organize them by country, city, and state to help people. They don't pay me just to go find a provider who might be able to help you. And right now it's pretty slick. There's some great telemedicine companies that have been developed, mostly female founded, who saw a gap in care and they saw a need and they developed these telemedicine companies.


I have women calling me from New York, LA London. The most well connected you would think, who have the same basic questions and the same worries and the same fears and cannot find help as the woman sitting on the couch in Iowa. Yeah. Okay. So as you start focusing on it and kind of pledging to get competent in it and start treating women, are you yourself even shocked with the amount of symptoms? Because I wrote down symptoms and it's about the longest lists of symptoms I've ever written. I was shocked. And most of that was driven by questions I got on social as my little social media platform was exploding. When 10,000 women ask you about frozen shoulder or Yes. Palpitations or vertigo. You're like, they can't all be lying.


Then I'm digging and I'm like, somebody did the study. There's clear data here. So I go online and I make a little video talking about the correlation between menopause and vertigo of menopause and frozen children, menopause and validations. And the world goes crazy. Wow. I get 10,000 comments. Why didn't my doctor know? And again, we're doing a terrible job of teaching, but I was literally learning alongside my followers. Right. As I learned, I'd make a video and teach. And that's what inspired me to write the book. And they were like, please write a book. I don't wanna chase you all over social media. It's too complicated. Just put it all in one place. Frozen Shoulder that is scaring me. My mom had it, my grandmother had it. One of my mother-in-laws has been dealing with it for the last six months. So This is a great story and I hope I get the lore right, but the story goes, the first study on frozen shoulder and menopause.


I know it came out of Duke University. I read the paper and it was the head of OBGYN and the head of orthopedics who both happened to be women. And it was something like they were sitting in the doctor's lounge or in the cafeteria and just shooting the breeze over. Can you believe all these women with frozen shoulder? You think there's a correlation? I don't know. Let's look into it. They started pulling charts and they were like, fuck me. Look at this. Women who are on HRT have a lower incidence of frozen shoulder and they do better. They're getting it, but they're getting it less than than women who aren't. And they're having a better course. So they go to get it published. They go to orthopedic journals first. Nobody would touch it. Nope. This can't be right. Nope. This is an artifact. Nope, nope, nope. No. So one of the menopause journals published it. And so then I have a friend, Vonda Wright, she's an orthopedic surgeon.


She does a ton of teaching and she wrote the paper on the musculoskeletal syndrome of menopause. How's that all work? Estrogen receptors and probably progesterone here as well are all over the musculoskeletal system. We know bones, we got bones down. We've known about osteoporosis since I was a resident. Yeah, I know that one really well. But what what wasn't understood was tendons, muscles and the connections between bones and muscles and how that all works together. And frozen shoulder is adhesive capsulitis. There's a capsule around the ball joint and the shoulder that gets absolutely adhesed and frozen. And it's an inflammatory condition. You can't put your arm Yeah. Behind you go to take a picture. Yeah. And it's very, very painful. You need early intervention, you need physical therapy.


There's needling. They have to break it up and that we can delay the onset and the duration and probably prevent several cases for women on HRT because estrogen is protective. So it's an anti-inflammatory. But my Mom, I've never heard her once say she had that because of menopause. Well, no, most women don't know. Most orthopedic surgeons don't know. We're working to change that. That paper was written a year and a half ago. Oh Wow. Okay. So ringing in the ears. Yeah. Tinnitus. Tinnitus. I still dunno how to say it correctly. Yeah. I had it for a minute and I didn't know what to tell people. It saw I've had it once in man. People Kill themselves from it. Maddening. Yeah. So again, this is an estrogen receptor problem. The vertigo is that the crystals break off quicker is basically osteoporosis in the ear.


Oh wow. And the crystals break off and then float around and you're, you're dizzy. But the tinnitus, the inflammation around the nerve and around some of the auricular bones that they feel like is leading to, and that all these studies say age match women, premenopausal women definitely have it less than post. And women in HRT are less likely to get it. Yeah. Wow. What are some other symptoms? Dry skin? Yeah. In the skin. Integumentary skin and the pair follicles. Well, pigmentary, I've Never heard that word. Thats nice. It's a fancy, all the follicles and oil and sweat glands. It's the whole system. Largest Organ in the body that is Most absorbent. So we lose 30% of our collagen. You don't have to tell a woman that she knows in the first five years of menopause. We can attenuate that with topical or systemic hormone therapy.


Topical works better actually, which is why I'm on my vanity cream. Is it A retinol? No, it's estrogen for the face. Wow. So it's compounded. Some people take the vaginal product and will mix it in their moisturizer and put some on their face. But you, you should talk to a doctor before you do. You shouldn't do that on your own. Don't do any compounding at home. So yeah, mix it up. Yeah. A little mortar and pestle. You lose oil production in the skin, you lose thinness. And the transdermal water loss is much greater. So you're just losing all of your barrier, your protection. So the skin is less healthy. Huh? Dry mouth, that's the same dry Mouth, same thing. So mucus production, the salivary glands dry up. We have tremendous dry mouth in dry eyes.


Dry mouth is the same Guys. I don't want menopause. This is fucking miserable body odor. What's creating body odor Early in menopause as the estrogen levels decline. Something that's made in the liver called steroid hormone binding globulin, SHBG, which binds our sex hormones and carries them around the blood and renders them inactive until they let loose and then they bind to go do things. When we lose the binding hormone, the activity of our androgens increases. Even though your total testosterone may not be different, but the free is higher. So when I first got a panel for testosterone, my overall numbers were like fine, not alarming. My free was super low. High SBG was high. Yeah. I had the binding globulin.


Yeah. So you had some but they were bound and you couldn't use it. That's right. It's a balance. 'cause you can eat certain things, take certain things, certain supplements to increase, decrease. But then sometimes you're robbing Peter to pay Paul. And so in women, when the activity or their andros increases, we see male pattern baldness. They start grating chin hair and their odor changes. They smell like onions and it's a really kind of onions Weird. Yeah, I hear the onion thing a lot. This is so Awful, Monica. I am living my best life. You just stick with me. Okay. So I Like to hear that. 'cause my mom actually said the same thing, but I don't think she did any hormone therapy, but I was like, when did you hit menopause? She said 50. And I was like, oh man. Well I'm nervous. I'm in perimenopause after I read this book.


And she was like, well, I like it. Like I smell like onions My mouth Dry. I'm happy as a Yeah, People, So many women just go blindly into the night and they have no idea. Yeah. And so one of my critics have said, you're just fear mongering. You wanna scare people, whatever. I'm like, no, I wanna educate you. You're not blindsided. You know, imagine the cortisol levels that will come down where they're like, oh, this Is what's going on. This might Be my menopause fine, whatever. Okay, we got this. I'm not going crazy. Especially the cognitive changes in the mental health. The divorce rates, the suicide rates are all right in there at this age. They kind of peak there. Peak suicide rates are 45 to 55 in women. Wow.


And that should be the kind of transition in life where you're like, oh, I Created, I am gonna lean into work. We're gonna go off in the sunset here. No. Oh wow. Yeah. That's Heartbreaking. And is that hormonal too? The neurotransmitters in the brain are heavily influenced by estrogen, progesterone levels. And the brain doesn't like the chaos. So the real mental health that we see, the big, big problems are in Perry. Ah-huh. Post things tend to calm down both cognitively and mental health. You still may need your assor, you know, whatever. But we see this wild uptick in Perry. So decreased sex drive. Yeah. I think this is also something that people have just taken for granted. I learned this much about sex drive.


She's holding up a zero for the listener, Holding up a zero. Sorry. I get my little diploma and I graduate and I'm at the top of my class and win lots of awards and off we go. I'm gonna go be the best obgyn. So the pregnant people come and then these other people come. I'm like, Ew. So like as you're walking out from the wellwoman exam, I'm like, okay, we'll see you next year. She's like, can I ask you one more thing? Sure. My, I have low libido, I don't wanna have sex. It's really affecting my marriage. And I was just like, dear in the headlights. You're like, I don't know. So I'm like, you're Old is probably what you're thinking. Like, Oh please. So I go out in the hallway and I find my boss, who's our mentors when we first get out, keep us outta trouble in those first couple years. I'm like, Hey, so Ms. Smith, you know, everything's fine. She's healthy, but you know, there's sex.


I can't even say it. You know, I'm deep south and taboo. And he's like, oh, tell her to have some wine. She just needs to relax and yeah, that it'll be fine. Just pat her on the knee, but she's gonna be okay. Tell Her to anesthetize herself so she can get through it. Exactly. Jesus. Women just go through this. At this age, so many people were complaining over and over again. I started looking for resources and I read Venus and Mars in the bedroom. Like that was my Bible. That was the only thing I knew how to do. No one taught me. I was going back in my textbooks. Nothing was talking about sexual desire drive. I didn't even know all the causes. Female sexual dysfunction. It was never a lecture. No one ever talked about it. Here I am the expert going, I'll be right back. Let me see what I can find.


So I ended up making little handouts for my patients on what I could dig up on, desire and herbs and I didn't know about, well they came out later, but Addie and ESI and testosterone and all these things that might be helpful to a woman in counseling and therapy and looking for orgasmic disorders and arousal disorders and pain disorders and pelvic floor dysfunction. Yeah, because it's common for sex to get more painful. Right. When we go through the menopause transition, a hundred percent of us are gonna lose the protective effect of estrogen in the vagina, the vulva, the bladder, that whole, what we now call the genital urinary system, pubic bone all the way back and up to the bladder. We lose elasticity, we lose the ability to produce mucus. So If you biopsy to pre and postmenopausal vagina, premenopausal, it's this thick, velvety full of mucus glands, very resilient.


It'll take a beating and be fine. Baby comes through there, it's traumatic, but they'll make it. And then postmenopausal looks like a desert. You went from this gorgeous, thick, multi-layered tissue to six cells laying on top of each other with no mucus, no nothing like a desert. All we have to do for those women is give them back estrogen in the vagina and all that tissue will grow back even at 70. You can absolutely prevent and reverse. Interesting. This condition. Interesting. So I recommend lubricants for all of my patients on every sexual encounter. Just get used to it. Do it proactively. Normalize this. Yeah. And then I'm advising not to wait until you start having symptoms to use. Vaginal estrogen is very safe. It's like skincare doesn't absorb much.


There's very much risk-free. If you have active breast cancer, you can still use it. It will save your life. I mean it prevents UTIs and that's the treatment for recurrent UTIs for a menopausal person is vaginal, estrogen, not recurrent. Its antibiotic. It's just a topical. Yeah. They have creams, gels, they have a suppository, they have a ring. There's multiple ways, but generic and cheap. The cream works for most people. Yeah. Wow. Where's testosterone in the drive part? So when we look at female sexual function, we have five buckets where she may not be happy. First of all, it has to bother her. Some women are like, I don't care and I'm never gonna care and I'm like, okay, then you're gonna do you Other women are like, I used to have it. I miss it. Yeah. So you have to make sure she's not having pain.


There's a pain disorder. She's not having a relationship disorder because no amount of testosterone is gonna fix a bad relationship. Can she have an orgasm or is the plumbing still working? If she puts her mind to it, does that Drop off? You see arousal disorders, it's more of a blood flow issue. Oh, right, right, right. I kind of had that. I was having delayed orgasm, like, hello, everything's working, I'm ready. I was like, okay, fine. I need vaginal estrogen now. And it took about eight years in menopause. 'cause I was on systemic, but I wasn't quite getting enough. And everything's fixed. Libido, which is desire in medical, we say hypoactive sexual desire disorder, HSDD. That is a mood. It's totally in the brain. Everything's working down here. Yeah. But it's the thought of it. And most women will come to say, once we get going, I'm fine. So if a female has an arousal disorder, vaginal Viagra might work for her.


What does that do? Increases blood flow. Basal dilator specifically to the corpus spongiosum. So ooh, that's the squishy part that gets erect. We have exactly the same tissue in the clitoris. Well, Your clitoris becomes my penis. Same Anatomy, except ours looks like Gumby and yours is like a little rocket. So we've ruled out all the things and she's like, I love him. I'm not going anywhere. I miss it. Please help me. So we have two classes of meds that we talk about. One is testosterone. It works great for these women. If it doesn't help her in three months, that's not the answer. And the Options for testosterone are, So we don't have FD approved option for women. So we're either having someone cook it up in a lab. Oh wow. In a compounded cream. Generally it's Right there.


Red flag. Ridiculous. Right. Ridiculous. This is all All we have. Studies prove off safety and efficacy and all the things. And she's so much happier. There is anecdotal evidence that also her stamina is better, her mood is better. Muscle mass goes up, right? Muscle Mass. Yeah. Osteo. Osteo decreases osteoporosis osteo. Yeah. So all that works together. So I don't wanna say it's a chandelier. So I have low muscle mass genetically, and I'm doing the things, eating the protein, working out's. A full-time job wearing my weighted vest. And I was like, what if I tried some testosterone off-label for myself? Did not have a libido issue and no one was complaining and then start some testosterone. And I see an uptick in the area. He's a little more interested. He's not cuter, he's not pissing me off less.


That's right. He's not my, my poor husband. But I'm just like, okay. A little more often. Or maybe I'm even initiating, which that not happened in a long time. And we've just reached a different level now. And I think I would miss it if it was gone. Of course. So I'm like telling my patients this. Certainly if you're distressed, let's go for it. But here's my experience. Yeah. So that's a topical. You don't wanna do oral. There's no form available in the US that will not affect the liver. There's one they use in Australia and duck and know it, but it's not available here. So you're gonna look at a tray non-oral option. So some people are doing some compounded injectables. What we're doing in our clinic is either TTI gel or AndroGel. So we're doing the FDA approved gels for men.


We're just using them off-label for women. Interesting. You can also get a capsule. So there's trophies that dissolve that are submucosal. So you put 'em under your tongue. Oh, I didn't know about that. Oh, you mean the pellets? The pellet pellets are commercially available. They're not FDA approved. There's a problem with pellets that we see kind of in the ethical realm. Two problems with pellets. If you go to a doctor and they are trying to talk you into pellets and they won't discuss any other form of hormone therapy that is an ethical red flag, they're financially benefiting from the sale of the pellets. Gotcha. And I just think you can do better because pellets are very hard to manage. You have this rapid rise. And I've seen females with testosterone levels in the four and five hundreds, and I'm not kidding, they'd never made a female level pellet.


They just give females the low level and say you're running 200, you're fine. You're not gonna die. They don't slowly dissolve at a predictable rate. They supposed to. I've never seen a decay curve. Have you? They don't publish them. They're not FDA approved. So they don't have the same regulation. So I'm like, listen, we don't need to be doing this. Yeah, okay. Great. And I can take it away tomorrow. If you have a pellet, you are stuck until it's fine. Three months generally. Or Generally. I think we can do better for our patients. I don't need to make money putting pellets in people. It's a cash cow for a lot of practices. Yeah. And I'm just really hesitant if your doctor is really railroading you. If they say I only do pellets, I would probably bounce. Interesting. Okay. Yeah, good tip. Okay. Okay. So back to, so we can do an injectable. Injectable. You can do a cream, you just rub it ary.


You'll get really Hairy wherever you rub it. But that's fine. You Could. So I'll tell patients to put it here. The that, because you'll hair follicles here. I was studied on the shoulder. Okay. We wanna monitor them to see how they're absorbing, make sure we're not going over checking their free and total testosterone levels and just seeing how they're doing. I'll say I started on a cream. The only thing I didn't love about the cream is you have this dispensary for it. Click. Click and you click click. Yeah. The clicky, the amount that comes out per click per day did not seem very consistent to me. It seemed a little all over the map. I much prefer just an injection. You know exactly what you're getting. Another option to think about would be to do the TS stem gel or the AndroGel? It's in a pump. Oh, okay. So a full pump is 20 grams. For women, we need five to 10 grams.


So that's like a half pump or a pea-sized amount. I tell my patients to put it on their inner arm where there's no hair follicles so they can see the pee and then you just rub it in. Do little rub. Wow. Okay. So you're doing testosterone on your arm. Estrogen on your vulva. On your vulva. What else? I think I replaced my hormones like five way, you know? Yeah. For estrogen there's oral and non-oral. And in non-oral patches are what we usually prescribe. And my clinic on your Instagram, you're a fan of those, right? Yeah, they're very inexpensive. We have multiple strains, so have a lot of options for patients. But sometimes people have a reaction to the adhesive tape allergies. So we have gels and creams. It just, the expense goes up. The vaginal ring is great because you get two for one, you get systemic and vaginal.


But they're like two, 300 bucks. They last for three months. It's nice. You just throw it up there. Yeah, forget about it. Toss it in you. Yeah. I get scared of that. You get scared of that. It's not for everyone. Even like The diva cup. It's not for me having something. You don't want something in there. Yeah, I don't. You have an outsized fear of toxic shocks. Bled over, Would say sized. I have a real fear of it. As you should. Yeah. Period. Hell, it's scary. And you die. And then there's local estrogen options for the face and or the vagina and then your progesterone. So progesterone is typically given in the menopause. We're giving oral micronized progesterone. It's the safest. I believe. I understand a lot about testosterone and estrogen esol, but I don't know that I know a ton about progesterone. What is it doing? So Progesterone is mandatory If you have a uterus.


If you're doing estrogen, because the inside lining of the uterus, the endometrium where the blood would be made each month is sensitive to estrogen. If we let estrogen play in there and opposed with progesterone, you'll develop hyperplasia, potentially malignancy. This Is where some of those studies were misleading. 'cause they didn't Combine that. That was in the early, early days of hormone therapy and the like. Get your wife back. Sexy movement. Yeah. With estrogen, they were doing just estrogen and women were getting endometrial cancer. So we learned that lesson. You give her a progestogen, you will negate that. So if she has a uterus without the Mirena IUD, which has progesterone in it, you must give progesterone to not potentially give her cancer. Turns out progesterone is amazing for sleep. It upregulates gaba in the brain and it is our sleep sleep hormone.


So when patients are coming in early perimenopause still having regular cycles. Oh, by the, but they can't sleep this. This is Monica. Wake Up two or three in the morning. Progesterone might be your new best friend. It's fine to start with progesterone without estrogen. We do that in a lot of cases. I have so many things to you hormone Doctor, Immediately. I know for nighttime anxiety thoughts, it's great for that 2:00 AM wake up. I'll just take an extra one. If it's still have, I mainly Have a hard time just falling Asleep. I mean, it's worth the trial. It's not gonna hurt you. It's a natural problem. And None of this is a problem with getting pregnant. If you're in perimenopause, your chances of getting pregnant are lower. Yeah. But If you are trying to spontaneously get pregnant, you have to make sure you're giving low enough doses where you're not gonna inhibit aand ovulation and menopause hormone therapy really was not high enough to suppress ovulation.


So the biggest difference between birth control pills and menopause hormone therapy, you think about why they were created. Birth control was formed for contraception. We need a high enough dose to shut the signal down from the hypothalamus to tell the hypothalamus we're cool. We got enough estrogen. No signals. No signals, no ovulation. Menopause hormone therapy was developed to simply stop a hot flash. You don't need nearly as much. Got it. So It's lower formulation though is different because of big pharma formulation is tends to be ethanol estradiol, which is cheap and easy to make and it's a hundred times as potent as estradiol. And that's why you have the little tiny birth control pills. Whereas estradiol in its natural form, which is body identical, it's much less potent than its cousin ethanol estradiol.


But it's got a great safety profile and you don't need much to stop the hot flash. Now how much do we need to prevent cardiovascular disease? You don't need much to help your bones. They did study those numbers. So we're all kind of debating if we're gonna check levels, what's therapeutic. Okay. Wow. Okay. So we really covered HRT hormone replacement therapy. I'm so glad you're an advocate for it. Yeah, me too. I think's it's insane that women have been just left out of this. What I have experienced being on hormone therapy, which has made me wanna work again, made me wanna do my hobbies again. Right. Made me mentally and then my fitness, everything, all the things. Right. I remember Kristen going like, this is bullshit. I'm like, you're right. It is. This is insane. How Many doctors did you go to?


Oh, before they Gave you testosterone? I no dying to, I have to police them. A woman on average has to go to six to eight doctors before her menopause is diagnosed. This is how bad the problem is. Well, I'll be clear. The general practitioners tend to still be pretty adverse across the board in my experience. But we have hormone clinics on every 10 feet for men. Most of them don't see women. So all one needs to do is go there. You actually need to police them, I think is my tip to Yeah. And that's kind of the pt. It's the Biot really, that got into, whoa, let's put these in women and see what happens. You know? Yeah. And you don't need to be at 1100, you Know? Yeah, no, I mean these women are coming in. They're like, I don't know why my hair is falling outta a beard and I chuck her level and it's 450.


I'm like, I might have a clue. Because women what naturally in their thirties would hover around what? So around 40 to 70. Yeah. So that's a good Eight x. Yeah. So you know, most of them come in in menopause. 12, 15, 0, 25. Let's get you up. So I'm trying to titrate my patient 60 to 70. Let's overshoot just a little bit and see if this is gonna help with your libido. But there are two FDA approved medications for libido that are not testosterone. One is vii and it is an injection you give yourself 45 minutes before and it causes a massive dump of melanocortin that then stimulates dopamine. And when our dopamine levels are higher, it makes us wanna do things. Yeah. So We want the Unknown. Unfortunately, most of my patients don't choose that because they're like, there's a praying mantis on the other end of this waiting, the 45 minutes going, is it working?


Well Additionally, it's almost the wrong medicine for the arousal type that women are, which is like, that's great for a man. 'cause a man's sitting around thinking about wanting to fuck in an hour and he is like, oh yeah, I'll do this. Whereas a woman needs to be brought into Arousal. Right. It's not very romantic. Exactly. Yeah. So it's almost like a counterintuitive solution for the women Who like it and can unlock that part of their brain. It's great. Is it a base dopamine? Like don't give it to an addict. I've not seen those studies. I've not had a patient yet who was like, yes, please. Addie is another. So Addie was studied in mood and they saw an uptick. Tell us how ADDIE works. So ADDIE works same thing. It's gonna increase your dopamine levels and it's something you take every day with studied and mood.


It works by increasing happy sexual encounters couple of more times a month or however they measure it. So the detractors of Addie are like, well that's not enough, and the women are okay with it. Right, right, right, right. If you were having none or one go into four, that's enormous. Great. I'm like, let the patients decide. Most of my patients choose testosterone purely because of cost and potentially the other benefits for bone and muscle. Yeah. Even though we don't have great studies yet. But the anecdotal data is looking very positive in that area. Right. So If you just kinda reverse engineer, as I understand, or If you believe Attia and I do, the best way to combat osteoporosis Is to not get osteoporosis. Well, yeah, that'd be Great. Is to not get it. But your bones respond immediately to muscle and strain.


So If you can workout heavy, you're putting a lot of strain on your bones and they will react. They will make themselves stronger. And for you to do a lot of strenuous and high intensity heavy lifting, you're gonna benefit from testosterone with your muscles. They're all related. The Musculoskeletal unit works together. It's not like it works in isolation. So testosterone will help a little bit. We looked at, one of the things from WHI when the Women's in Health initiative is they followed these women forever and they followed them into nursing homes. And they looked at protein intake and frailty scores. And the women who ate the most protein, like 1.6 grams for the kilogram of lean body mass, had much lower frailty scores. I'm drilling down, we're gonna prevent your osteoporosis.


We're gonna consider hormone therapy. And estrogen we know will prevent 50% of fractures. Yeah. Yeah. So she's on HRT, we're gonna work out heavy, we're gonna lift heavy and we're gonna eat the protein. We're gonna get some creatine on board. So yeah, all of that works. Yes. Synergistically. I call it my nursing home prevention program because once I put out the fire for menopause and she's functional and she's your mom and me, now we're like, I don't wanna be my mom. My mother is in a nursing home with Alzheimer's and a broken hip. She just got outta rehab. She's not doing well. Right. It's gonna take a long time. And All of these four horsemen are metabolic disorders. Alzheimer's is not the natural course of of aging brain. There's 14 risk factors. So of course the easy stuff. Don't smoke, eat a balanced diet, stay away from processed foods, don't get diabetes, don't get insulin resistance, all of that.


But then it's social connection. Keep your brain moving, thinking, working. Do the puzzles. When my dad died, mama had lost Bob in 2015. One of my brothers, my second birth of esophageal cancer, the third one, they lost the one when he was 18 when I was nine. She'd lost two kids and a husband in five years. Mm. And she was like, I'm out. She locked herself in the house and started drinking. Yeah. Which I can't blame her. What I've seen it due to her, the relationships with her kids and this long protracted course she's gonna have until she goes and all the talking of the children on how to manage and who's doing what. I don't want that. Exactly. Right. I know. You know, I wanna die like my dad. He was great until like the last month. And then he kind of slowed down and then we all gathered around and we sang songs and told stories and we're there and sang to him and he slipped into a coma and then it was over.


Yeah, that sounds great. That's not what happens to women. We have this nursing home. She's frail and she breaks Alzheimer's. Yeah. No. Yeah. Boy, that's so true. For my grandparents, the men just collapsed. Yeah. And the women just struggled for five years. The struggle bus years more miserable. My patients are not interested in option B. Yeah. Okay. So we have diet and I'm glad you're flagging Protein top nutrition tips for aging and longevity for women. And menopause is she limiting added sugars. So the whole keto movement, sugar's got demonized, but it turns out that sugars added to stuff are much worse than found naturally in fruits and vegetables. Because the sugar in a fruit is wrapped in a fruit which has fiber in fiber.


Exactly. And vitamins and minerals. And this is a doctor who sells supplements. But I think everyone should be able to get everything they need from food. That just doesn't happen. That would amazing if it happened. Right? Yeah. That's ideal. So I'm here to help you fill in the gaps where you need it. Fiber vitamin D. 80% of my patients are deficient in vitamin D. We're checking everyone's levels. We're telling them to supplement. I'm giving prescription doses if they're super low, we're trying to give them loading doses. Yeah. Magnesium is really great for a lot of patients. I've been taking Magnus. I have a specific collagen product that was studied in menopausal osteoporosis that seems to have some benefit. So we're talking about that for movement. Most of my patients are walking minimum. You'll have to meet her where she's, if she's sedentary, just walking 30 minutes a day will decrease her risk of diabetes by 50%.


Yeah. Wow. That's it. If she's walking, let's put on a weighted vest. If she's doing that, let's get in the gym. You have to meet them where they are, all the influencers and they're lifting and all that. And I'm like, that scares the shit outta most women. Right? Yeah. It seems insurmountable. So we're easing them into it. I love to run these challenges for my followers. We'll get a hundred thousand people who are lifting weights for the first time. And I'll have a fitness person in there. I didn't know either. I was injuring myself of all theologies. You didn't do Chemist physiology Is not on my list. So I will hire someone to come in and show my followers how to do a squat. Safety. Yeah. You don't have to do a lot of different exercises. Just the really basic push pull. There's some real key ones that are super beneficial, particularly for osteoporosis, Squats, lunges for osteoporosis.


Good studies with walking with a weighted vest, doing yoga with a weighted vest. Balance training with a weighted vest is super helpful. Vibratory plates, again, you're stimulating that musculoskeletal unit, but you don't fall. I tell patients to brush their teeth on one foot. Oh. Because you're working on balance to always be decreasing your risk of fall with balance training. And then lifting. They were putting 80-year-old ladies in the gym from nursing homes and they were seeing all these gains. Hand grip strength's. A big indicator. So grip strength is a proxy for the rest of your body. Right. If you do dead lifts, you'll inadvertently get Yeah. So it's not the grip strength. It's that's an easy thing to measure. Indicator. I got it. It's a indicator. It's an indicator indicator. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by better help. Support systems are so important The most. Some would say. Yeah. I have a just a slew of people I rely on. Yeah, me Too. Tom Hanson. I'm talking to you. In a society that glorifies hyper independence, it's easy to forget that we're all better when we have a support system behind us. Therapy can be a source of support for any area of your life. It's time to shift the focus from doing it all to knowing we're better when we ask for help. I have a very hard time asking for help. Yeah. Therapy's great. We all, I mean, we can't really say it enough. We love it. Swear by it. Yeah. Look forward to it. The best part about Better Help is it's fully online, which helps make therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide, access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. And you can easily switch therapists anytime at no extra cost. Build your support system with better help. Visit Better help.com/dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help HEL p.com/dax.


We are supported by Drunk Elephant. Oh, my father would be so happy at the name Drunk Elephant. It's A great brand. Yeah. You may have already heard me talking about my new favorite facial moisturizer. The Proteiny Polypeptide Cream by Drunk Elephant. Oh, my skin is so silky. Silky, but not shiny. Monica. I know. Not too oily. That's a huge thing in a moisturizer. Yeah. It's lightweight Gel cream, which delivers daily moisture with nine signal peptides. That means nine active ingredients to help skin look firmer and smoother by supporting the natural production of collagen. They work by communicating with your skin cells, encouraging them to produce more of the collagen Your skin needs to maintain a youthful appearance while also protecting against collagen loss. The result is stronger younger looking skin that's more resistant to aging. Who out there doesn't want that? Reenergize your skin with Drunk Elephant. Discover Proteiny Polypeptide Cream at Ulta Beauty stores and also@ulta.com.


We are supported by Prime Video. If you're looking for a way to streamline your streaming Prime video has got you covered on Prime video. You can add over a hundred subscriptions like Max Apple TV plus and Paramount plus all in one app. Experience the convenience of having all your favorite subscriptions in your prime video account with one login and one password. What a dream. Everyone's watching White Lotus right now on Max. We are, yeah. Yeah. We are so excited about this season and we just had Walton Goggins on the show. We're inordinately excited to see his character's journey in Thailand. And then of course we're tuning into severance season two on Apple TV Plus with recent guest Adam Scott. Instead of toggling back and forth between different streaming platforms, you can watch both of these shows and so much more amazing content without ever leaving the prime video app. Unlock a world of movies, TV and sports, all in one app. Check out subscriptions on prime video.


So that's exercise diet. Now where do GLP ones fit into this? We do use them in our clinic and probably 20% of our patients end up on the, when they come to us, it's usually, hi, I am in menopause. Help me. I'm dying. Probably 50 to 60% of them now have a weight problem. I have either always had it or they have new weight gain. So the first thing we do is break down where their fat is if they have it. 'cause some patients come in, they're just muscular and they've been told they're obese their whole life and they're crying their eyes out because Oh my God, I'm healthy. What if they have a visceral fat problem? I really don't care about subcutaneous fat. It's not metabolically that active. Yeah. It's just storage. It's the intraabdominal fat that'll kill you. And so we are working on that number. And what do we know works for that starvation, but that's not why they're there.


Right. High fiber diets, low added sugar diets for probiotics or probiotics. Supplement zone two training. All of that works. So we're focusing on that and we get her start an HRT across the menopause transition. A woman will go from 8% of her total body fat being visceral to 23 on average just from becoming menopausal. My no changes in diet. I have the unusual circumstance of most of these people follow me have read the book. It's an investment to come and see me. 'cause I'm outside of the insurance model. Yeah. So they've done their homework. They're dedicated. Yeah. So they're like, okay, let's do this. We start HRT, we bring them back in three months. If her cardiometabolic risk factors are still there and she's like, I wanna give it a try. I'm like, let's go for it. A GLP one needs a lot of counseling to be done.


Well Yeah. 'cause you're taking on a lot of risk of muscle mass loss, which is so important for your Ulcer. They know that. They know that. Although there's supposed to be a new one coming out. Yeah, that's three. So there's semaglutide, which had just the GLP one and then tirzepatide, which is what we usually start with now, which has the GLP one and the glucagon agonist. And then this new one has, I forget what the third ingredient is, but I'm excited to see when it comes out. Yeah. It's supposed to reduce the loss of muscle mass In our clinic. If the patients eat the protein and do the resistance training, we are seeing some muscle loss expected, but not this massive loss. And they are able to maintain. And then it's like that first three months, if they lose 20 pounds, maybe five is muscle, maybe 20%.


But then that just levels out and it's all fat loss after that. Interesting. It's absolutely the coolest thing to watch interest because we bring 'em back every six weeks to check their muscle mass. We stay on top of it. We're checking in with them. They're doing this not to look great in NI bikini. I mean maybe that'll happen and that'll be great. But they're doing this to decrease their risk of all these diseases they don't wanna die from. Yeah. Or plague their children With to protect the last 15 years of their life or 10 years of their life. Yeah. And be happy during those. They're so motivated to avoid the diseases that plague their elders. As you might expect. My wife knowing that I was interviewing you had some specific questions by the way. Are there any ways to predict when onset will be? Kristen heard your mother's sister can be a guide. There is a genetic component.


So there's an ethnic genetic component. So I was telling Monica, for me it's 51 as average. For her it's 46.7. African Americans is about 18 months behind. Caucasian. Asians get a little bit longer. Okay. Interesting. Does sexual activity impact that trauma does? So we know lots of things that speed it up. You were born with X amount of eggs and they're gonna go before you die If you live a normal lifespan. But what do we know speeds up the process of egg loss. Yeah. Smoking, no problem. Chemotherapy, radiation, abdominal surgery, you have a hysterectomy. Leave the ovaries behind. But we've cut a significant blood supply to the ovary. We're gonna lose average of four years off the life of the ovary. A lot of women undergoing necessary hysterectomy aren't getting that counseling. There's nothing they can do about it.


But wouldn't that be nice to know? Yeah. I have A friend, friend who had to have a hysterectomy. She's like, I'm about to be in menopause. My mom had one when she was 30. My mom had one after baby number eight. They were like, this is your Catholic birth control time for that uterus to come out. So does It instigate menopause? It Cuts the blood flow. So you lose the shelf life of the ovary where you may have gone through a 51. Now you back that up four years on average. Okay. But it's not like you have the hysterectomy and then no start Unless they remove the ovary. Right, Right. Exactly. Which they Didn't. But that's surgical menopause. And we have premature menopause and early menopause. So those are a little bit different animals. Premature ovarian insufficiency is usually with an autoimmune condition. So it has its own set of risks.


And then surgical menopause, you don't get a trial period. It's like boom. So whenever I had to take out ovaries for medical reasons, I was putting a patch on them in the or. Yeah, that makes sense. Okay. So ethnic is a predictor. Ethnicity. So ethnic and then family history. If you look at the women in your family, when did they go through it? But on your mom's side, is she right about that? Mom's side is sometimes dad's side. I mean you're half genetically, She compared it to male potter and baldness, which we know comes from your mom. But I was saying, well that's because it's on the 45th chromosome and you can only get an X from mom. So this is a chromosome all thing. Yeah. So it's not like it's more of a general health and kind of how things are gonna go. Certain tribes in Africa have a lot of twins or certain cultures are more prone to twins. That's more of a general than a chromosome thing.


There's a couple things happening. A, it was completely understudied as you pointed out. It's beginning to get studied. But also we're seeing in art. What do you think about the impact of all fours? I'm literally on 79% of the chapter. First of all, I hate the protagonist. Okay. Yeah. So she's not my girl. Yeah, okay. But I'm researching and writing the new perimenopause. It's not coming out till 2026. I'm in the middle of it. And so Gretchen, who's my co-writer, I write like an asshole. I'm so clinical, my collaborator will take my disgusting prose and spin it into something that sounds digestible. Yeah. Like a human, not a normal person could read not geek and Gretchen's like read it from the perspective. This is resonating big.


And that that just flipped the switch for me. I read for entertainment, I read about fairies and dragons and lots of sex. And my daughter reads all the dystopian novels. So I read to read with her and talk about stuff. And then I read medical journal articles. So to pick up a book that is outside of my usual and not have a 15-year-old little girl who turns into a princess with magical powers was like hard. Yeah. I'm trying to identify this. And she says, stop trying to identify, read it and figure out why the hell the world is resonating. And then I'm like, oh. So then the doctor in me is like, she's having palpitations. That's a panic attack. That's menopause. That's menopause. That's menopause. Now have an affair and redo this room in this weird hotel. That's a whole nother thing. But I'm getting it now. It is so hard. Resonating movie rights Are doing. Oh yeah.


All my friends run. Did You love it? I loved it. I Haven't read it. I've been told what it's about from Monica who loved it to me. It's like I was prescribed a roll. I don't want, or I want to test or I want to shake up or I want to break because I just prescribed it and now I want to decide. I don't Want it anymore. Decide. That's so perfectly parallel to, hey, guess what? I don't wanna live a third of my life in discomfort that. So what I'm finding, and I think why the divorce rate's so high, is that women and myself included and thank God my relationship is better than it's ever been. And we're working together. We have a small business through the supplement company and he's now running it. I've never liked him more. But yeah, she's getting to choose the last third of her life and so did I.


I chose differently than her. And that's okay. But women are circling the wagons around themselves. Menopause is fucking them so hard. They are giving themselves permission to put themselves first. Yes. Exactly. To me, it's, I've had enough on all the levels And now it's a survival thing. If I don't do this. For me, my journey was quit a job that didn't serve me. Stop serving a system that was broken. Absolutely. Get the hell outta Dodge. Figure out what the fuck I wanted to do with my life. Put my own oxygen mask on first. It's time for you. And I really didn't give a shit if the kids or my husband cared. But I had to do this. Thank God it all worked out. And look where I am now. But that's What it is. It's, I'm making choices for the first time that are for me that aren't just handed societally to you.


But what's scary about that book is now is the time I get to make the choices and my body is disintegrating. That's the part that I think everyone was like, oh my God, we have to wait till then. And it's coinciding with that. What do we do? What do you do? How do we prevent ourselves from getting to the too late part? Right, Exactly. Too late to celebrate. Well educate yourself as soon as possible. Yeah. That's part of my mission is just vomiting all over social media. I think A lot of people think of HRT is being what you do after you have all the symptoms. Right. That's the next wave I think is preventative. Preventative. Where some of the hardcore old school menopause people are like, don't say prevent. Like come after me every time I talk. Look FDA approved for the prevention of osteoporosis.


And that is enough for me. But let me tell you, the US preventative services tax force needs to get their shit together. Because you have a window of opportunity for cardiovascular disease prevention and the data coming out. Clearly for mental health. We can prevent the suicides, the job loss, the brain fog. Unless you're on the dementia spectrum with early and judicious hormone therapy, not allowing your body to withdraw and go through that chaos. Chaos. You might wait till you have all the symptoms. It's Crazy. Why wait till your vagina's broken? But there's no other condition that we don't think early detection and treatment is beneficial. It's never been thought of like that. It's way till you're miserable. Yeah. And then it was severe symptoms. Only a doctor's gonna tell me if my symptoms are severe enough.


What does That even mean? What does that even mean? Yeah. And why? It's like some old vestigial Protestant suffering something. Look, women have been taught to minimalize. Did you read the WW story? Oh yeah. Whiny Women. The whiny woman. This is just what women go through. They tend to whine a lot. Early In her residency. They'd come to her and say, we got a WW in room 3 0 5. The woman with a laundry list of complaints. Oh my God. Very vague. Weight gain, brain fog, low libido. And they're like, check her thyroid. Get these tests. Make sure you're not missing anything, but you're not gonna be able to help Her. It's just a whiny woman. It's just One of those white Talk of other doctors across the country. And in California they called it whiny gyne. Oh, Oh, Nice. My God. And on the East coast around New York, it was TBD, total Body Delore.


And in Miami it was Madame Dolores. Oh my god. What is that pain? Oh, okay. Like she's got a lot of pain. Women who come in and complain a lot. Kind of vague libido. Go have some wine, you'll be okay. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. The oh my gosh, This is wild. I don't wanna scare people. But you Know, it's good to know. We don't know Anything and your doctor not their fault. May not know anything. None of us Know. Even the smart people who are educated. I do these girls dinners and we just had one recently and we were talking about something random. We were like, Why don't We know the answers to any of these questions that keep popping up about our own bodies. Yeah. 'cause it was never studied. Women in medicine have been treated as small men.


So excluded from studies till 94 because of thalidomide and what happened. If there's a chance in hell she might be pregnant, we need to exclude her. And oh, we probably shouldn't study them anyway. 'cause hormones are hard. Yeah. They didn't even study female rats in the law. It was only men. Oh really? Because they have est extra. They Too. So they too will fuck up your study. It'll be confusing. The Cardiovascular data is awful for women. You go into the ER with a heart attack. If you're a woman, you have a 50%. It's higher chance of dying than if you're a man. Because we have atypical chest pain. So men have the classic clutching their chest going up their neck, sliding down their arm. You're an actor and they're like, pretend you're having a heart attack. I know exactly what you're gonna do.


A woman has fatigue, abdominal pain. It's very vague because men have the LED, the widow maker, the very large vessels that immediately come outta the aorta to dive into the heart muscle To feed that heart. That's where the plaques happen. Women, it's way down below that. It's the diffuse microvascular disease. You're Always shoving it down. Oh, another way to speed up your menopause is trauma. So there was a study that looked at women who were sexually abused, who then had kids who went on to be sexually abused. And they went through menopause nine years sooner. Wow. My mom must have hit menopause at like 35. 'cause she had a hysterectomy. Hysterectomy. She got the trauma. Then the kids with trauma, Her libido's. Okay. That somehow is, well I think it's trauma related, but Yeah, That's true.


There's a million factors. Your book's a bestseller. The New Menopause you have the Mary Claire Wellness Clinic. It's my little baby clinic in Galveston. You Have many millions of followers that are interested in this subject. Real. You were the Person real people wanted come real Come on the Most. Yeah. We turned it over to America and said, who's your favorite menopause expert? Really? And you were voted on, you were elected. And We were like, who do you wanna come on? Experts. And your name came up over and over and over and over that, you Know, it's a different audience. But is it? It's all women. I don't know. We Have a lot of, A lot of women. Just People need to know. Yeah. People don't know anything. Well I appreciate being on here and actually my kids now think I'm cool. Oh wonderful. Yeah. Two daughters. Two daughters. 21 and 24. Okay, cool.


Are they on? Oh, that's a question. How early can someone get on these things? Well, It's a little early for them. So Catherine's in med school, she's tough man. She has guaranteed me. She's not doing OB GYN. But talk about having someone hold a mirror up to you and keep you in line and double check your facts behind your back. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm like sitting out studies and she's literally looking it up. That's good. To make sure I am toeing the line. She's talked about it. She's a little freaked out and wants to freeze her eggs now for the highest quality. I Think that's the move I kind of do. Shoot. So I did a talk. I was at Reese's event. Hello Sunshine. I was the mc for the first time. That was fun of a panel. And one of the panelists started this where you go and you donate your eggs but you get to keep some.


Oh. So it's a way for the younger women with these juicy, gorgeous eggs to Look afford. Oh it gets paid for by the Right. That's, I love that she gets to keep a Few for herself. Oh's. I great. I like it a little for you. A little for me. I'm a terrible host 'cause I forgot the name of the company, but you know, we'll Find it in the fact checks. So cool. That's Awesome. And so I went home and told Catherine about it. 'cause she's starting to think about that kind of stuff. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I love that. I'll be whispering that to my girls. Oh yeah. Then the time clocks off. I have a friend in Telluride who gifted his daughter with egg retrieval. Yes. Again, I didn't even know about this. I didn't Even know about egg freezing. Really. Like you kind of hear about it. And then my best friend works at Netflix. They pay for that. And so she was like, oh, I'm getting this done.


That's A covered benefit. That's amazing. It's amazing. And it's smart for them too. Yes. They have someone in the prime of their career who doesn't want to necessarily take the time at that moment's. So smart. But I was like, why are you doing that? She was like, well they're paying for it and you might as well. And I was like, interesting. So then that's when I started thinking about it. But my age person did not think about it at all. Did you just do it? I Did it at 35. Okay. And then 36. It's ubiquitous and common knowledge to go like at 35 you're officially in a geriatric. They act like you follow The cliff and all that. But it is a steady state. It's steady. But I did better the second time. Weirdly Amazing. But I wish I had known so much earlier and just done it and felt insurance.


My 21-year-old is not on the radar. She's just trying not to be pregnant and is living her best way. I You're trying not to get Izzy's counterintuitive. That Girl gets to college. My oldest is by the book Straight a's pre-med. I'm like, go to the party, have fun, come on. I'm like so worried about her social life. My second one has rolled with 20 kids her whole life. You know, she gets there within October. She's like, I'm out of money. Like she went with her summer money and her graduation money. I'm like, what? I check her account. I'm like, bars Here. Yeah. Clothes. That's not right. Fast food. I go, you have a meal ticket? She goes, I don't like it. Yeah. So I'm like, the fries Aren't good. You're lot Money. Yeah. If you still have an allowance, I'm not gonna let you starve. But she went and got a job and now she's a nanny. Oh, That's great. The funniest stories ever.


Oh. It's her Taking care Of other People's kids that, and like These Baton Rouge moms, you Know, that will definitely not get her to freeze her eggs. Nannying. I'll say that. She's not at all Worried. Yeah. To young people. I just really encourage it. I think a lot of people get a ton on your book. It's wonderful you The New Menopause book. And please follow you. What's your handle on Instagram? Dr. Marie Claire. D-R-M-A-R-Y-C-L-A-I-R-E. You're very cute in your videos. I watched a hundred of 'em today and they're Bless your heart. They're so Cute. Most snow makeup. She's in her weight desk All time I with me. And I'm like, no one's gonna recognize you. Yeah. Who is this girl? Oh my God. That's so great. And you're doing all these fun things. You mentioned Reese. I know you're doing something tomorrow. That's very cool.


Love it. We're grateful for you. Thank you. Thank you much. The women I know are so grateful for you. Big time. Yeah. So everybody read the book, follow you on Instagram. This was awesome. Thank you. We're so glad. So finally, we finally got you. Stay tuned for the fact check. It's where the party's at. Hi. Hello. Cute jacket. Well thank you. Instagram. Impulse buy. Really? Got one in this color and one in blue. From where? Marine Layer. We like Marine Layer, right? Yeah. That's a place, that's a Thing. They, we are sweatshirts. We're from Marine Layer for a little while.


Yeah. I like this quilted thing. Yeah. Quilted is nice. That's What we call, well what one's quilted for comfort? The toilet tissue. Oh, Charmin. Charmin. Quilted The Quilted Quicker. Pi. Well that's a paper Towel, right? That's that's paper towel. The quicker pick. This is Mandela Effect we've created. Wow. People are like, do you think there's a product called Charmin's Quilted? The pick upper A paper there go. People would say yes, definitely. Yeah, because it's Bounty. Bounty. The quicker picker upper, But the Bounty doesn't have the same alliteration as Charmin and quicker. Char Charmin. Quicker picker upper.


Yeah. How's your morning? My morning is, was good. Every two weeks. Yeah. I get a flower delivery on Friday. Oh. From Flamingo Estate. Okay. And it's really exciting. It is. You've signed up for a biweekly annual sitch. Yeah. Do they spice it up? Is it a different bouquet every time? Yeah. Yes. So you dunno what you're gonna get. So you have anticipation, what will it look like? Yes. And it's always from a cool like farm Or something that they find a guy who just has one flower bed in his backyard. Very limited dish. Yeah. Very limited. Extra, extra small micro business. Today it Was ULAs and they're orange.


Oh, That's the name of something. Flower ulus. And they're orange and they're so pretty. I did lose a little track of time because I was cutting the ends and I was, you know, cleaning up the stems. Yeah. And Right. We just learned a fascinating fact from somebody. It's a, a rule in sketch comedy. Oh Yeah. It's not our rule. Yeah. But it's a, if, if a man comes in to pick a woman up on a date in a sketch. Yes. Have her, have him bring chocolates, not flowers. So If you bring flowers, the audience starts getting very distracted. Well they gotta put 'em in a vase. Oh My gosh. He's gotta get those in a vase. Gotta give 'em in water.


And you can't even pay attention to This stuff. I know. It's so smart. These delivery services. Yeah. They Can really brighten your day. I would recommend that for a gift. Yeah, that sounds like a good gift. Yeah. Yeah. Unfortunately I did try to gift this exact thing today. Oh. To just today. Today's Callie's birthday. Oh, happy birthday Callie. Happy birthday Callie. And I was gonna get her this weekly bloom bundle. Right? The, the gift that keeps on giving. Yeah. But it's sold out. Oh, okay. Right. So I can't, that's the problem. When you go with these micro growers that only have one flower bed in their Backyard. Yeah. They run out. Yeah. It's a really great idea.


But then in practice it's part of The fun. It's part of the limited dish element. Okay. So I don't wanna say this and I just really can't control myself to not say it. Okay. Because I gotta get outta the habit of addressing commenters. Yeah. I would prefer not because I, I know. That's why I don't look at 'em. Yeah. Yeah. But I just wanna make this simple point because people, you know, they'll write, Jonathan Heid will be on sweet people be like, you know, he's so anti-technology and he doesn't know and it brought people together and blah blah. Great, great, great, great. But I was just thinking, you know, what I like about our show is we have Reid Hoffman on, he's a techno optimist.


Yeah. You get to hear the full sales pitch for why technology's great. And then we have Jonathan, he on and you get to hear the full sales pitch on why it's bad. And instead of being like angry at these guests who have a different point of view, I would really wish people would be grateful that they got to hear the counterpoint to what they believe. I mean that's, that's what I so enjoy about the show. Yeah. And guess what? I don't know which one. I think Yeah. It's like I half believe what Reid's saying and I half believe what Jonathan's saying. I don't agree with Jonathan. Yeah. But I'm so grateful to hear a very smart person. We Gotta hear Opposite sides. Tell me the opposite point of view that I have.


And I just wish people could click into like, yeah, that's a gift to hear someone with a different point of view tell you what the opposite side thinks. It's not shut that person down and get them outta here. And I don't like what they're saying. Yeah, I agree. Now, if we only had one sides of all these debates, I think that would be a pretty reasonable criticism. Yeah, I agree. Yeah. I was burning a hole in my go ahead. You know what I'm gonna say? Yeah. I wanna hear it. It might sound disrespectful to the audience, what I'm about to say. Yeah. And I don't mean that I love our audience so much. Yeah. I love the arm cherries. I'm so grateful that people listen to us, but I don't care.


Right. That's healthy If they don't like an episode. I also personally, I don't believe it. I don't believe that what you're reading is indicative of what people think. And that it bums me out. That you get, you get like, yeah, Ensnared, well some woman told me I need to apologize for saying young men are disenfranchised. And I said, apologize to who? Like, who am I apologizing To? I know. This is the Like I know, I know. It's really tricky. Now I'd say the good news is like I'm not gonna change at all what I'm doing.


Yeah. So it's not like I'm subject to altering how I'm going to invite Jonathan on Yeah. And invite Reid Hoffman on. It's gonna have no impact on how I do the show. I think I have a, I do have maybe an arrogant, delusional belief. I could explain the value of hearing this and people might lock into it and go like, oh, you know what? You know, I'm gonna stop blasting everyone I disagree with. It's okay to disagree with people. You don't have to hate them. Yeah. Jonathan's a great guy. I totally disagree with a lot of what you're saying. Yeah. You know, but, but you, so I have this stupid belief. I can encourage people to embrace this and that's, that's my own delusion.


It is. It's a delusion. But you're only seeing like one piece of the whole puzzle. You're so Right. You don't know who you're even talking to. No, you're absolutely right. And I do think about that. So like naturally you're a nice debate about men and women obviously that's Yeah. Yeah. It was very polarizing. I expected that. And that's totally fine. Yeah. And, and I get it. I get it from both. I totally understand. From both sides. But yeah, it's like 50 people, you know, on, on either side out of, out of millions of people. 50. It could literally be one person. This is what I'm saying. Oh, That's got 30 guys. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. This is my point. Like to get wrapped up in it, you're strongest trigger is getting taken advantage of.


But, so when you react like this, yeah. I think you've been taken advantage of Because I got wound up about it. Well and You don't even know like, But, but what's what per what's perfect about it is it is a facet of this thing I obsess about without the comments. Yeah. Right. So I, your big concern is women's reproductive rights, which is makes total sense. It's a concern. Yeah. Yeah. But it's like a very paramount concern. Sure. And rightly so. Yeah. And you'll think about that a lot. You know, if it Feels threatened. Yeah. I don't think about it on a Right. Okay. But if it's, if it's threatened Yes, of course. And I am regularly so scared about the inability for people to listen to one another.


Yeah. I'd like think about it too much. And it really frustrates me and it scares me. I'm scared of the future where there's two camps on the planet and they don't talk to each other. Can can we deep dive. Yeah. Why is that so scary to you? Like of course it sounds, it sounds it's bad, right? Like Yeah, I think it's bad too. I'm like, this is a huge problem. But it do, I don't have this reaction. Yeah. That you have And, and I wonder, I mean obviously we know that if anything's like causing that much of a reaction. Yeah. It's something else. It's something about us or our past or our, like the fear is about us.


Yeah. I guess probably dysfunction. I grew up in dysfunction. I grew up in two parents that hated each other till they got divorced. Like dysfunction. Yeah. Not rising to one's best self to navigate these things. We have gotten embarrassingly dysfunctional. Yeah. And I see the total root of the dysfunction is us against them. Yeah. And I, and I see that as such a toxic quality. And I have children that are entering a world and I care about the world for them. So yeah, it really bothers me really deeply. 'cause my childhood was plagued by dysfunction and two people not communicating.


And it's winner takes all. And I hate that situation. Yeah. I don't it wasn't compromise. It wasn't working together too. Yeah. It was, you know, as I always say, the paradigm everyone needs to wrap their head around is, we're married, the left and the right are married. We all live in the same country. And so we have a Gottman approach through this marriage. Or we have a fucking, what's the famous war, the roses version of this marriage. And I lived through the war of the Roses versions of the marriages. And so for me, I didn't want that in my life when I grew up. And then when I feel ensconced in a whole society, that's way, and then I put out a show and I see people saying, you know, heights of conservative whatever.


Like they've just written him off. I think I've said this before, but it's like one time we went out to, and this is a ding, ding, ding. 'cause it came up on episode yesterday. We recorded, but Ted Olson, you know this, he was the most successful Supreme Court. He, he argued in front of the Supreme Court more times and more successfully than anyone else. And he very confusingly from my perspective, both one Citizens United. Yep. Which is a very Right. Cause giving businesses personhood. But he also defeated doma and he believed in both of those deeply. We had a dinner with him and there was three of us liberals and then him. And we started kind of hitting them, him with all of our points of view.


And then I, I said, hold on a second. We have an opportunity to be with one of the smartest people in the world who has a different point, point of view from us. Yeah. What an opportunity to hear the best version of this point of view that I disagree with. If you wanna look at it in a way that's selfish. It's good to hear the other person's point of view so that you know how to combat it. Well, You'll find If you combat it, some of their pushback will make some of your points fall flat. Yeah. And those are points you need to rethink. Yeah. Or jettison or figure out another way. But it's as much as you can learn from them, you also learn the weaknesses of your own point of view. Yeah. Which I like. I'm arguing with people all the time, and I get to one and, and I'm like, Hmm.


Yeah, that's not a good point. I gotta get rid of that. And that can't really be a part of my, I Also think you are in a program that requires self reflection, growth, checking yourself. And so I do think you're extra, I'm extra Hurt. No, no, no, no. Yeah. It, it bothers you more when you see people who aren't doing that or don't care to do it. Yeah. But there's just a lot of people who don't. And I, I I, I, I guess I, I respect that that bothers you to me. I think if that bothered me, I would die.


Like, that'd be too much. Like I can't take on Yeah. Yeah. That people don't wanna change. That's not my job to make people wanna change. And you know, like, I can only do me, I just wish everyone thought I have, I'm holding all my beliefs in my hand right now, and they're certainly not the best version of my beliefs. They're gonna evolve, hopefully. Hopefully that's what they're supposed to do. Yes. So you don't have the complete finished version of your beliefs in your points of view in your hand. People Really have a huge problem with wishy washyness. Right. They see that As weak.


I've heard that a lot, like Flip flopping, Flip flopping. And a lot about politicians. They say that a lot about politicians that, oh, they said this and now they're saying this. Yeah. If you Catch them having changed their opinion. Right. Yeah. I find that so strange. Yeah. It's really disappointing. Why can't they should be changing their opinion? It's so weird to me. I I it's so much worse to me that they would have said something so long ago felt stuck in saying that. And now they just have to believe that forever. That's a big problem. But I'll both sides hate that. Yes. Which I, I, I really do not. Yeah. Understand. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.


It feels very backwards. But, but again, like I can't get that riled up about other people feeling that way. 'cause I, I can't change them. But I think you're right. I think, I think this whole thing feels like dysfunctional family to me. Yeah. And I hate it. Yeah. And I want everyone to be a bigger version of themselves, myself included. Yeah. And it's disheartening to live in a dysfunctional family, which is this country. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. You know? Do you think that it's because when your dysfunctional family ended in, I mean, it ended in paying for you specifically and paying for your mom and pain. Well, All involved. Paying for all involved. The stepdads were miserable afterwards.


Yeah. Their, yeah. Children were miserable Because I think every, not everyone, I'm sure, I'm sure some people are spared this, but there's a fair amount of dysfunction that happens in a lot of families. And I, I think I also grew up with Some dysfunction, Dysfunction amongst the adults, but they didn't split up over it. Obviously, for me, having grown up and seeing things I didn't like, I think, well, I can't do that, like, for my life, that I don't wanna replicate that. But I also am kind of like, eh, like it sort of worked out and it's kind of fine. And I don't, I don't Know if I were you, I might want to challenge me by saying maybe everyone's happy with this.


Yeah. Which is also possible. You know, maybe right now the right's super pumped and they're pigs and shit, and the left is vindicated and validated and feeling even more self-righteous. Maybe. Maybe everyone's getting exactly, exactly what they want out of this. And so that's an interesting thing for me to consider. Like, you're trying to fix something that people will like, as much as that's true. They might not wanna say they like this, maybe they do. Yeah. Maybe the person that's like Jonathan Height's, a monster felt awesome. Yeah. And told nine of their friends they did that and they love it. Yeah. I, it, it's hard for me to, I Also think people imagine, I mean, imagine again, the generous offering is that they want their opinion to be heard, heard, and seen.


Yeah. And they wanna feel, people just wanna feel like a person Yeah. Who's, who's who exists. That's right. I mean, we all just want proof that we exist. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And that is a version of it. I will watch them exist and validate them without that approach. They don't need that approach. Yeah. You know, but I know I sound like, and, and that's why I said I didn't wanna say anything. I, if I were that be like, just, Hey, shut the fuck up above the counters, just stop reading. I fully get that criticism. And it's, it's true. It is true. But yes, it is this, it is a perfect little encapsulation of this other thing I spend too much time obsessing about.


And if I were really working my AA program, I would just accept this. Yeah. I would accept that. That's how it is. There's Nothing you Can do. And if someone's attracted to my approach, that'll be appealing to them. Exactly. More so than me saying someone should have this approach. Yes, I Agree. And, and I should just have faith in that. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's funny that you brought up hating, because on my ride here, I was listening to a podcast and they were talking about Meghan Markle, and they were, they weren't saying that they hated her, but they were saying like, there is this like vitriol around her.


Yeah. And, and there is, and it was, oh, yeah. It was interesting because I, it did make me think People really dined out. They like On her show. Oh, Yeah. But people like really hate strangers. Like it, to me, that is so interesting. And then I was thinking, I was like, who do I hate? Well, I think we're hardwired to do it. Right. It we're, we're hardwired to extremely punish someone who has values and morals outside of our in-group and make a, make a emblem of them. Right. So I do think when someone represents some, you know, yeah.


I don't even know how they articulate why they hate her, but, yeah. She's interesting though. I have a story about this, but I, I I want you to Yeah. You expound more. No, I was just gonna ask If you hated anyone When they first, when, when you were gonna ask if I hate her, Hated anyone. Oh. Oh. Because I was like, I don't act when I really think about it, I, I mean, I don't hate any strangers and even people in my life Yeah. Who I like, who, who I, I do have like friction or cause stress. Yeah. I don't hate them. Like, I don't think I hate anyone. Actually, I hate a couple people in public. I hate Tucker Carlson. Right. I just think he's a smug bully.


I don't even really give a fuck about his politics. Right. Is this this smugness about it? Yeah. Is there anyone else, like, I'm trying to imagine. And if you're saying you hate them, you have to take it to the, like, literally you hate them to the degree, If you saw 'em in person, you'd go, you're a fucking asshole. Yeah. Yeah. And so I think the only person I, I can think of him that if I met him real life, I go, you're a fucking piece of shit. Right. Would be him. Yeah. I feel like, I remember one time, years and years and years ago, probably when I was babysitting and we were playing games and stuff, Catan, I think I said something like, Ugh, I hate this. And you said, you say, you say hate a lot.


We've talked about this before. Well, It's been a minute, probably. Yeah. I was saying it just as a random word, really. Right. As an adjective. Yeah. It didn't, it didn't carry the weight that it was caring for you. But then I was like, yeah, that is a big word to be sort of throwing around. Yeah. And I think, I don't really say it as much. No, not At all. Yeah. Yeah. I think I used to say it too. I think that's one of the aspects of my point of view shifting of moving to California that I liked a lot. Yeah. I think when I was in Michigan, I had a very long list of enemies. Yeah. You know, people we hated. Right. A lot of, a lot of people we were against. Interesting.


Wait back to the, Okay. Back to Meghan Markle. Yeah. So I saw, I didn't even see it, but I saw some of the Oprah thing, their very first interview. Right. And a friend of mine from England, like, let it rip on her. Like, can you fucking believe this? Blah, blah, blah. Like, just outrage. Right. And so, and this friend, I really respect their intelligence, their empathy, the whole thing. This person's a very admirable person. Yes. I agree. And so I had to really force myself to imagine how could he have this strong of a reaction.


Yeah. And the scenario I painted in my head was, and I think I've already told you this. Yeah. When Obama was in office, a Russian kid go, comes to the DC falls in love with Malia, takes her to Moscow. He and her go on their biggest television show and shit all over Obama and accuse him of being racist and just trash the country under the guise of this Ameri or this Russian dude. And I was like, yeah, I would fucking hate that guy. I would absolutely hate him. And there's a layer of patriotism that has to be acknowledged Yeah.


That we all carry. And if I do think of that scenario, I just know I would hate the Russian guy who took Malia to Russia for the rest of her life. And they go on TV all the time and shit on America. I would hate that guy. I don't understand the Americans who hate her so much, but Right. I do understand the British backlash. They took the prize son, they all liked him more than the other one. Right. But he taking is so like, like he didn't have a mind of his own. Oh, I know. I mean, that's so, but then I'd be saying, Malia doesn't have a mind of her own, but if Malia Right. Left with this Russian dude made the choice never to return. I mean, yeah. And then when on Russian television and shit on America.


But I hate, I'd hate the whole scenario, I guess. I don't know. I I don't know that I would, I think I would be like, yikes. She like, no, but him. You gotta evaluate him. You gotta evaluate the dude. That's the part I actually can't relate to. Like for me, Harry made a choice about his life and his family. Yeah. And I don't see it as this woman like, took him away. I I a siren who called him to the rocks of America. Exactly. Yeah. I see it as, as a man who made a choice based on a lot of things, including the death of his mother. Yeah. And so I don't have a problem with him being like, there's a lot of fucked up shit over there.


And I had to leave it. But I think we have, we have clarity on that one. 'cause we don't have the in-group patriotic bias. Yes, True. But I think if Malia left and married this Russian person Yeah. And then they went on Russian tv. Yeah. And they were talking about it, and she was saying like, look, the White House was horrible and the media in America was horrible. And this is what they did. And this is what Happened. But really quick, if that, so I, well, I'm not talking No, I'm not talking about Harry and, and Megan. Right. I'm talking about this theoretical Malia and This guy.


I know. Yeah. Yeah. I would go, oh, you hate the media. You're on the biggest fucking show in Russia. You can't hate the media and then willingly participate in their biggest media outlet. Well, they hate It's, You're such a media fucking hypocrite. Well, No, we, That's what I would say to this imaginary people who's on the biggest media outlet in Russia complaining about media attention. But I'm saying, me, me. They, they speak specifically about British media tabloids. Yes. And we have had enough people on who have corroborated that the British, I wanna be clear, I understand why I am not, none of this opinion is about those two. No, I know. I, I know this Is my, I but I do have strong knee jerks about this theoretical Yeah.


Defecting of Malia to Russia. I, and being on tv complaining about being on tv. I guess I don't, I just don't, like, I think if they were, if they were like, 'cause we have to make it equal. I don't, 'cause I don't, I mean, look, we have obviously media issues, but it's not the same. Well, let's just say it's the, the scenario I painted is actually less impactful than the one that really happened because Malia was never gonna inherit the presidency. Yeah. Well, you Harry could inherit the, the kingship. No, no. Yeah. His brother would've to die. No. Then it goes to the son William's son. Harry can't be the king. Okay. But the son dies. He could be the king.


Okay. It's a, it's, it's a long list. Yeah. Okay. I would They give the kingship to a 7-year-old. I don't think. Yeah. Like, I'm a little digging on this Joffrey, There's no inheritance in the presidency. So the, the scenario I'm painting is even less impactful. I agree. I mean, that's why we don't, it's like hard to make this Yeah. Equivalency. But but also like, why should he possibly stay in this thing that he sees as fucked up? Oh yeah. Yeah. Like, I, I, I don't know. I just Commend, I get it. But an outsider came in and then the beloved person left. And that's easy correlation to get upset about.


I mean, Look, I, ISI But maybe Harry would've defected on his own without a wife. That was American. That's possible. Yeah. But we don't really know. 'cause it didn't happen that way. But we also, we also, you know, more than anyone that, like if someone, if you're in love with someone and people around you are not treating that person well. Yeah. You gotta protect them. You're gonna protect them. Yeah. And you're gonna say ultimately say, fuck this. Like, this is a problem. We're gonna go now. Yes. But yeah, thou so I already agree. I understand why he left and I would've left. Yeah.


A thousand percent. You are just Saying you understand why people don't like it. And I get, I totally Get understand why people don't like her that are English. Right. I, it's not hard for me to understand. It's Not hard for me to understand. I do wish they would take a second look at it. Like it doesn't affect them. It really doesn't. Well, they lost their cutest royal family member. Get over it. Like, I mean, And I, I hate royalty. Yeah. But I understand something you value getting, quote, taken from you. I don't even say taken. I understand losing something you value. So it's like they do value that. I, I I can't understand it. No. Sure. The notion of like Royalty. I actually can understand that weirdly.


Right. You like royal. I can buy into the royal family and thinking that's cool. And that's a part of your history. Yeah. Yeah. Like I, I do get that. Yeah. Even that, like, IC even feeling that way. I don't think I would feel personally injured. Yeah. By one of them going to live their life. I think differently. I think people don't like her 'cause they think she's fake. People think she's fake. People think she's mean. But she pretends to be nice. Like there's a lot of, and then with the new show, they're like, what is this? She's just moving pretzels from one bag to another bag. This is stupid.


I don't know that reference, but I'm laughing right now. 'cause the description was really funny. I just, Megan, Marco, I didn't see that. So I'm not laughing at, I, you know what, I'm not laughing either. Because it's clear that she does like it. She, it, it's not, I don't think it's fake. It may seem ridiculous to someone who's like living a life going to work Yeah. And having to come home and then turning that on. Living Paycheck to paycheck. Exactly. Turning it on and seeing that her day is spent moving Zel from one bag into another bag. Well Now I really wanna watch this episode. She, it's like, that's a very Simple, simple, Simple explanation.


She's having a guest over and she's gonna put together this like cute little tray Yeah. By the bed for the guest. Yeah. That has like flowers and stuff. And then she like buys these pretzels, I think with peanut butter. They look delicious. Okay. And she put them in another, she took them out of the bag. She put them in another cute little bag and put like the Okay, so you've watched it. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And put them like, you know, wrote pre peanut butter pretzels. Yeah. And like tied it up. Made it Cute, cute, cute font. Yeah. She made it cute. Yeah. And I think that does bring her joy. Yeah, sure. I don't think that's a lie. Right. And, and so it's kinda what we talked about before with the, with the, you know, podcasts, the, like men's podcasts and stuff.


Yeah. If you don't like it. Yeah. Just don't watch it. Yeah. If, If you think this is sort of offensive because your life, it's not reflective of your life. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Macy's. Do you have a special event coming up? Macy's is the perfect place to get a fresh suit or stunning dress for a spring wedding or other celebratory occasion when a big day is on the calendar, you wanna look your best. And trying clothes on in the store really does help you find pieces that are guaranteed to look and feel incredible. I waste so much money and time by not trying things on and ordering 'em. It's so much better when I go and try it on first. I love going to a store. You know that The selection of special occasion clothing at Macy's is next level. So you're sure to find pieces you will love. They've got a huge array of choices from the best suiting brands, including Calvin Klein, Tommy Hilfiger, Michael Kors, Hugo Boss, and be by Brooks. Plus this month they're having their men's semi-annual suit sale where you can score incredible savings. Men do this, go do this because you're always like, oh no, I don't have a suit. When you need it, now's the time to get it. Have it in your closet. Be ready. And look, If online shopping is more your style, which I can relate to, you can get the same great deals at macy's dot com. Get ready to be voted best dressed at your next event, shop now at macy's dot com or visit your local Macy's store.


I bet the core thing that people are triggered by is like, why does this woman get a show about the thing she likes? Yes. Why don't I have like why would I actually build bird houses? Right. Right, right, right. I actually do X, Y, or Z. Yeah. And I do think it's easy to think in some abstract way she got something that you deserved more. Right. As if her thing took from you. Yeah. And that in general, people who don't deserve things are taking opportunities. Yeah. That should go to deserving people, Right? Yeah. You can like quickly get into some very large moral imperative stuff.


Well, Yes, because who deserves anything like we in do we inherently, I mean, we deserve like dignity, but to me, other than that, we as people don't like come out deserving of money or I don't know. It's a weird thing. I am yes and no. Yeah. A yes and no. There's like a n list version of me that I can tap into pretty easily, which is like, who's kidding? Who We're all staying busy on this. Yeah. Circular globe until we die. Yeah. There's no god, there's no one is evaluating what should and shouldn't and better and worse. Like we're just all d distracting ourselves in the most entertaining fashion we can manage until we're dead.


Yeah. So there's that version where it's like, yeah, what are you talking about? You don't deserve, you deserve for 300,000 years. You deserve to come out without clothes on and be ill-equipped for this world. In the best case scenario, you ate and had a kid. So the notion that you, at some point a TV show was human right. That Exactly. Or a cell phone's a human right. Or, I hate to say it, that healthcare is a human. Right. These are all really, really incredible advanced modern privileges. They're Yeah. They're advanced privileges. Yes. Okay. And now also on the other side, yes. Brene Brown deserves a podcast more than a lot of people because she has spent a good chunk of her life acquiring knowledge that is useful to other people.


Yeah. And yes, she does. I I would, I would have to be lying to say that the guy in front of seven 11 who's repeating the same sentence over and over again, isn't, it should have the same level of success on a podcast that Brene Brown has. I can acknowledge some people do deserve the success more than other 'cause they've put more effort into it and they have more dedication and they have more skill. Jordan deserves his six titles. Yeah. More than a lot of the players. It's not like everyone who entered the NBA deserved six titles. You know, I just mean we don't all deserve to be a basketball that, I mean, like, that's the whole, my whole point.


Yeah. We don't come out deserving everything. Right. We have different skills and, and privileges and things that allow us to like live the life we're gonna live. Yeah. But I don't know that we deserve, like, I dunno that, I dunno that Brene, I mean, of course I love her. So I I think she deserves Yeah. We're biased. Yeah. But the seven 11 guy, if, if, If his one sentence repeated over and over again, If it is one sentence repeated over and over and over again Yeah. Has a massive impact on people Yeah. And it changes their life and it like, makes them think about the world differently. He deserves It. Absolutely. But what I think is even more interesting is, so I feel that way about that topic, but what I can admit and acknowledge is there's another scenario you could paint that is the same principle at hand.


And I'll go the other way. Yeah. I think that's what's much more fascinating and more fun to pay attention to is of course the illusion that I have a consistent policy. Yeah, exactly. And I Don't Yeah. None of us do. And what really happens is I look at the person and generally I like them or I don't like them on some weird gut level. And I'm generally accepting of the things that people do that I like. Yeah. And I'm critical of the things from people I don't like. Yes. I I do. And I frame it under this well thought out logic I have. Yeah. And it's just so inconsistent that I have to acknowledge Yeah. I's a lot of going on. I do think so much of dislike though is jealousy. Oh yeah. In general.


And for all of us, if we dislike a lot. Not always, of course there's like people who do horrible shit to other people. Yeah. You're gonna dislike that. But like, when, when you're just like irked by someone who you don't know Yeah. It's probably because there's something that you're triggered that you wish you had. Or, I mean, again, this, this thing she's presenting is, is perfection. Right. Like she has, she's able to make her own honey. She has this beef on, she has her own bees. Yeah. She has her own bees and she makes her own honey. And then she makes these, like, have I told You bees have rebounded. Really? Yeah. Really? It's like great news. Remember that panic we were all in.


Yeah. They totally Rebounded 'cause of her, Perhaps. Oh my God. So we all owe heard that of credit. Wow. That's, that is good news. Yeah. But like she makes her own like raspberry. Yeah. Preserves and like, because she has a raspberry bush and so people are like, I want a raspberry bush and I Want, I wanna spend my day doing this nice fun stuff. Exactly. Well there's probably that and then there's also Martha Stewart. Yeah. There's Martha Stewart who has spent her entire life really becoming a master at all these things. Yep. And then she has a show. And by God it's very, very helpful and useful to people. Yes. Because she's a master. Yes. And so if you're comparing these two people and they both have a similar sized show, I can understand people being a little frustrated.


Right. It would appear that one person really is now benefiting from their dedication and love for their whole life. Yeah. To something that's a good story. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Versus like, and I could do this. I'm not a good woodworker, but I bet your ass, I could sell a show to Netflix tomorrow about me with a wood shop building things. Yeah. And if I was a master woodwork, I'd be like, this is bullshit. Why is it? And that would be fair. And also if I wanna do a show about woodworking, and I think it's fun and people are interested in it. Why? Why can, Can't I do that? Why? What do you, exactly. So I think all these things are true. So Kristen came home to me and she said, oh my God, I got like five texts from people.


Like I could, they were salivating to share this news about Meghan Markle show. And she started calling people out. Like, yeah, it seem a little too excited about what you determined was a failed attempt by somebody. That's like a, if you're taking a lot of joy out, a failed attempt on somebody I know. I is that who you want to be Yeah. Is a bigger question. Exactly. That's and I Right Thing. I also think it's worth de lineage. 'cause I'm critical as you know, I'm, I'm trying to shut the fuck up about it. But I am critical of people that are allowing someone to make them miserable, as I've said. Right. Circles back to what I Said earlier. It's 2016 to now, If you've been miserable for nine years or, or an hour of your day is spent in anger.


I just think that's a rough use of your life. Now If you are seeing the thing, the Megan thing, and you're excited and you share it with your friends and you all gossip and you all have a good time doing that. Sure. At dinner, I guess I'm not critical of that in a weird way. Yeah. I feel bad for the subject of Sure. The ridicule. But I also can just, again, in a utilitarian way, look at, oh, these five people had a really fun dinner for two hours gossiping. Which is a, which is an adaptation of social primates. Yep. Like we're wired to do it. Yeah. I guess I also can go, yeah. Okay. You guys had fun shitting on somebody. Everyone felt better for some reason about themselves. I mean, that's the part that's That's a bummer.


Yeah. But if, if the end result was you all did that versus you all got together and you like this motherfucker and I can't believe this. Yes. Outrage and, and feeling defeated and overwhelmed and all that. I weirdly have a distinction between those two things. Yeah. Once harmless and the other one is causing harm, personal harm to them. Right. The people who are doing it. And I mean, I do think it's, it's a privilege to be Kristen or be me and I'm like watching this, you know, I'm just watching the show and I'm like, oh yeah. Like I want that back. It's not Yeah. I'm like, oh my God. Like I should order some of those tomatoes and make that Because you're not frustrated with the outcome of your life.


Exactly. Yep. I am not like, well why does she get to have that? You have plenty. I think I have plenty. That's right. That's Right. And I have more than I should have. That's right. And, and, and I do too. And I'm not as bothered by a lot of things that people are bothered by. And I know it's a, a privilege. What is so tempting to tell, try to tell people is it is a product of your own. You think this person's objectively one thing. Yeah. I know. And it's helpful to understand. No, if my cup was full actually, and shockingly I wouldn't feel the same way. I know. And you kind of want people to know that. I know because I think it is helpful for development, which is like, my opinions of things are dramatically impacted by how I feel about my own self and my own Yes.


Outcome. Yeah. And I would probably be best served trying to love this version of myself enough that I don't feel anger when other people Are doing well. Real quick facts. This is for Mary Claire Haver. Great episode. Solid. My assumption is it's Get that topical vaginal cream. Everybody Go out right now and just start smearing it all over. She already, she posted about it. She did. Oh, it was really sweet and cute. 'cause it was out early and she said it was really, she had a good time with us. Can I Easter egg that I got the text of my life last night that I shared with you guys.


Yeah. We can't say anything else. I Urge people to hang onto the show a little longer. I know a lot of people are thinking about quitting, but just, just hang out for a couple more months. Don't. Wow. Wow. Wow, wow. I'm gonna have to get a facial. Heart is I'm gonna have To, I'm gonna have to jerk off before the interview so I can last during the interview. Yeah, same. Yeah. I don't have to wear really strong pants. Not ones that can explode. You're gonna have to be in fucking steel trousers. Woo. Might wanna go short skirt. I see you go all the way. If ever there's a time to take the biggest shot of your life. This is this, you might wanna go skirt Bra top Braless.


See-through top Skirt. I do short skirt. Have the new skirt. Top skirt. That skirt is pretty. See-through. Oh my God. And If you, If you did, and this person's a fashion icon. Yeah. So they would just be like, oh yeah. Fashion. Oh My. I couldn't maybe get away with it. I think you should go, You'd have to blur it, Rob. Oh, they could. Yeah. That could be done on YouTube. Yeah, No problem. But For the, for, For him. For him or her or her, whoever I guess is Wow. I can't wait for That's a, that's an even more fun element to think about is coming how I'm gonna show Up Yes, yes. And how aggressive you'll be. And I just want you to know that I am encouraging you to go above and beyond Okay.


The realm of what you think is tasteful and you'll be sitting directly across from this person. Yeah. But you know, my instinct is to just play can your legs a lot, so cool. No, Go For it. I know. I dunno. On Your deathbed I on Your death, This person, I think this person might be more intrigued by someone playing it. So cool. I don't think so. Let me just, lemme give you some inside baseball. Thank guys. Okay. Yeah. There is no guy who's gonna see a rock and bot on display and think Hmm. Not for me. I mean, there'll be no straight guy. Right.


Who thinks that? Yeah. Jess says he's starting to turn the more he hangs out with me. Oh My God. So you guys might end up, might end Up together after all. What a great time. And then you guys bring back Mon and Jess love boys, but it's like Mon and Jess are married each. Oh, That would be more boring. That'd be boring It. Well, no, you'd be fighting. It's true. All this fun you're having will quickly turn to fighting. So true, true. That could be entertaining. Oh man. Wow. Anyway. Okay. Well that's TBD for people. Yeah. Yeah. That's exciting. Okay. Some facts. Okay, Rob, can you help me? What did you type in to get the names of those guys who did the WIH study?


I looked at DAXs notes for the episode. Oh. And saw what he wrote down. That is i i for the life, I was trying so many ways of typing this into Google and I can't, it won't, it's, that's not coming Up. It won't bring it up for me. It won. Yeah. Do you want me to spell it? Slosky? Yeah. Let me find it again. Slosky and Tki. C-H-L-E-B-O-W-S-K-I. Kowski. I just, and A-R-A-G-A-S-K-I. Okay, so these are for the Women Women's Health Initiative. This is who you say was a part of the study and this is who I could be conflating.


I I just want to be clear, the stuff I was saying that both Attia and Lane Norton are all over. Yeah. Is Schabowski and eras. Okay. They're the ones that keep doubling down on this bad Data. Okay. So maybe they've doubled down, but they, I don't think are part of the original study. Okay. Dr. Bernadine Healy, this is in 91. She was the female director of the NIH and she announced her plan for the Women's Health initiative. There was a ton of people involved in this. And it was a 15 year study. I mean, and it was wrong. Yeah. It was not right.


It was not right. It led to a mass panic. Okay. Now peak suicide rates for women female suicide is concentrated in the 35 to 64 year age group. That's 64.8%. I Don't know why. That's so weird for me. I mean, I get it. I get why it's weird. I wouldn't have expected That. Again, it's weird, but obviously we were just given the explanation. Yeah. Which is menopause. But it is. Yeah. It's just not the time you're, you think that's the time of your life. You start fully accepting who you are. I know. And what reality is and start transition. Yeah. But it's Those hormones, brain changes. Scary, but good to know.


Like if you're starting to feel Yeah. That no, you're in when you're in the danger zone. Yeah, exactly. Ah, yeah. To the danger zone. Okay. Now, male pattern baldness. MPBI say one thing. Yep. I was eating at a restaurant this morning with Nate. He left. I paid woman came over to the counter or to my table and she said, I just wanna thank you for the Blaze episode. Oh, I have BPD. Oh My Gosh. And I think that episode probably saved me like two years on really of my trajectory to dealing with this.


Great. So she realized she had it because of these? No, I think she already knew, but she hearing from him something he did, you know, she's like, it just kind of like fast forward her two years in the process. Amazing. And it was very good for me to meet her because I think a lot of times you're like mom, BPD, they fuck up the person's life who loves them and you villainize them. And it was very helpful to look at this young woman who's so grateful for help. Yeah. For this thing she doesn't want. Yeah. I was very happy to That's Lovely. Yes. Yeah. I Like that. So fucking good luck. BPD survivors.


Yeah. Yeah. Wow. It's first time you've ever said survivors. You don't say survivors. I don't like that term. I know. Yeah. Just like the most PC you've ever been. Yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Okay. Okay. Male pattern baldness doesn't exclusively come from the mother's side. It can be influenced by genes from both parents. The, the AR gene is located on the X chromosome, which men inherit it from their mothers. However, other genes and environmental factors also play a role. If your mother's father has male pattern baldness, you're more likely to have it too. If your father is bald, you're twice as likely to have it.


Hormonal fluctuations, fluctuations, nutritional habits, stress level and lifestyle choices can impact the onset and progression of baldness. Yeah. Genetic factors from both parents' significantly influence the likelihood I'm fighting for my life. You're doing fine. I think I'm, I'm doing fine in the battle. Yeah. But I'm fighting. I'm fighting with all I got. Oh, I see, I see. It's Morning and night. That fucking topical that I hate. I hate how it makes my hair feel. Yeah. I gotta hold my head back so it drips back. It's, i, it's, it's embarrassing to see me at night in the mirror dealing with trying to keep my hair. Do you wanna do that thing that Ike did? What did He do? The TRP. Oh. I don't believe in it. Oh, okay. Yeah. Great. What I really want more than anything is for them to figure out how to clone hair.


And I want to go in and get my hair cloned and have massive surgery. Oh. And get the thickest Lion Mane head of hair and have long braided hair. Oh my God. God. Like a viking. Oh, wow. And maybe I'll be in my Viking outfit for Our guest and you'll be in your outfit and we'll let the chips fall where they may. Well, both maybe I'll be wearing a and I'll be, we'll be topless. I'll be in a kilt crossing and uncrossing my legs repeatedly. Okay. Yes. Oh, we're gonna be competing. Oh, this is great. What is So in 1970, Poor Guest. We're doing the river dance.


This poor guest. I know. This poor guest. Oh my God. Okay. And then, oh, real quick. So she, she said that there are, there are places that you can donate your eggs for free and keep some Yeah. Like, so that's cool. And there's one place called Co Fertility that does this. I don't know if this is the one she was talking about. I can't endorse this. I don't know much about it, but it is one of the places. It is something that came up in a Google search. Yes. If you'd like to look into it, that's a place. All right. That's it for Mary Claire. Thank God she was awesome. She came in that I'm gonna use it. She really rattled me. I'm gonna use another word.


I don't like Say it. I'm on a roll. She's a rock star. You Don't like that? No. I feel like you say it. Oh no. Oh, okay. Yeah. Sorry. This is, the list is long. It's hard to keep track of all the things. Atelier, artisanal rock Star. Oh my god. Atelier This past weekend Cock. I hate the word cock. Oh, That's a thing that like agro dudes used to try to emasculate other men. Oh, they call them a c It A cuckold. Yeah. Oh, weird. Yeah. Last weekend I was doing a long walk. I walked on Sunset, I was doing this whole thing and I passed a new coffee shop and I went in and I tried it and I texted Rob and I asked if he had tried it yet.


And then he went the next day and he reminded me there was a merch there that said a tiler on it. Ah, Yeah. Did you buy it? No, I almost did. Yeah. To put in to put in here. Yeah, I know. I considered it too soon. Together. We Have a t-shirt. Armchair atelier. I've been saying that. Yeah, just, I was just repeating what you said. Just doubling down on what a great idea that you had. I've been saying that. Hey. Hey.


Okay. Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey


At 24, I lost my narrative, or rather it was stolen from me and the Monica Lewinsky that my friends and family knew was usurped by false narratives, callous jokes and politics. I would define reclaiming as to take back what was yours. Something you possess is lost or stolen, and ultimately you triumph in finding it again. So I think listeners can expect me to be chatting with folks both recognizable and unrecognizable names about the way that people have navigated roads to triumph. My hope is that people will finish an episode of reclaiming and feel like they filled their tank up, they connected with the people that I'm talking to, and leave with maybe some nuggets that help them feel a little more hopeful. Follow reclaiming with Monica Lewinsky on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to reclaiming early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts.