
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple. Podcasts Or. you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. experts on Expert. This is A real departure from previous experts in the most exhilarating way. This was a riveting And it's a ding, ding ding from Monday's Episode. Yes. From Anna Kendrick because of her new movie Woman of the Hour. Our guest, Matt Murphy was a technical advisor on it, as well as an actual prosecutor on the case. Matt Murphy is A former homicide prosecutor and a current legal analysis for a BC news. Maybe you've seen him there. And he spent two decades assigned to the sexual assault and homicide units of the Orange County District Attorney's office, which you'll learn in this is the third biggest in the country.


3 million people under their purview. Yes. He has tried some of the most headline murder cases of all time. A lot of shit was happening in Orange County that I kind-of didn't realize. Yeah. He was like Golden State Killer. A lot Of I he A dirty jaw. Yeah. Oof. He has a book out called The Book of Murder, A Prosecutor's Journey through Love and Death, which is fantastic. It's so good. And he profiles all these different cases he's worked on as well as educate you a ton on how they actual mechanics of that job work, which I find fascinating. And then, and then his own personal journey, which is it.


This job took an enormous toll on him the rest of his life. Yeah. Whew. Yeah. This was awesome. I loved Matt Murphy. I hope you do too. Oh, oh.


We are supported by Audible Audible's Best of 2024 picks are here. Mm. Audible's curated list in every category is the best way to hear 2020 four's best in audio entertainment. Like a stunning new full cast production of George Orwell's 1984. This is the one I am most excited to indulge myself with. I'm so excited to listen to James, which is a new title by personable effort that is very, very hot right now. Mm. Well there's so many good ones on the list. We, Love, Audible. This is How you Go to Bed. I love Audible. I swear by Audible. I can't wait to listen to the Orwell 1984 off this list. I'm also doing fleas by autobiography right now, which I'm obsessed with. I can't get enough Audible in my life every night. Go to Audible dot com slash dax and discover all the years best waiting for you. That's Audible dot com slash dax.


We are supported by Audible Audible's Best of 2024 picks are here. Mm. Audible's curated list in every category is the best way to hear 2020 four's best in audio entertainment. Like a stunning new full cast production of George Orwell's 1984. This is the one I am most excited to indulge myself with. I'm so excited to listen to James, which is a new title by personable effort that is very, very hot right now. Mm. Well there's so many good ones on the list. We, Love, Audible. This is How you Go to bed. I love Audible. I swear by Audible. I can't wait to listen to the Orwell 1984 off this list. I'm also doing fleas by autobiography right now, which I'm obsessed with. I can't get enough Audible in my life every night. Go to Audible dot com slash dax and discover all the years' best waiting for you. That's Audible dot com slash dax.


He's an We're pretty willy-nilly Matt. Don't let this nice set fool. You we're kind of Just my speed. Catty Wa Catty. Wampus is A. Good word. Now You're handsome. Let's start with the fact that you're very handsome Devilishly devilishly. So, And I'm being sincere now. It has to be a little bit of an advantage when you're a prosecutor to be handsome. It'd be preferable that the jury likes to look at you. Right. You know what's tough is for the women, pretty women prosecutors, it's brutal.


It is. Because People don't take them seriously As a guy. You walk in the bailiffs, your buddy, you talk about fantasy football, the court clerk wants to set you up with her divorced friend. And a lot of the women have it tougher because half the women on the jury will want to hate her for her suit. The court reporter is jealous. The men feel emasculated that she's smarter than them. So they hate her on the jury. Yeah. It's a minefield. So Matt, this will be a fun interview for us because we've not had anyone weirdly in this realm. We've had a lot of defense attorneys on as they tend to write books. Yeah. So we've not had a prosecutor on, and I can't tell you how immediately, how many questions I realized I had. Oh, I love it. Yeah. First of all, you're a California native, which is weird.


Yeah, I grew up, actually we were just talking about it not far from here really? Oh really? Yeah, I, I grew up in Beverlywood. Why don't I know where Beverlywood Is? Nobody knows where it is. It's Beverly Hills know where Rancho Park is by Fox Studios. Oh yes. So Literally Chevy Hills. Chevy Hills. Yeah. So's the second part of Chevy Hills on the other side of motor. Okay. So it's basically Chevy Hills. And what did mom and dad do that you were living There? My dad was a doctor. Mom was a nurse. Met at LA County General. Oh that's born a cliche. Really Cute. They were working together. They were working together. Yeah. It sounds cute. I don't think two humans have hated each other more. I should not exist. I kind of nerd out on some of these astronomy things and somebody tried to calculate the odds of humans existing with like Jupiter and absorbing all the asteroids and like whatever that list is, I'm the least likely person to actually Exist.


How long did they stay married? They Were married for 10 years. Probably talked to each other for at least one. Well my sister's two years younger than me, so at least eight years they, you know. Okay. Okay. What kind of doctor was he gi? He started doing rehab centers. Probably made a lot of money doing that. He Did. And he got in like in the late eighties was one of the pioneers. Anthony Keis and Scar tissue. Did you ever read that book? I haven't, but I know Anthony and I know his story. That's A good read. So he actually talked about my dad in that book. Oh, He did? What? Drove him Maybe working in the county now. No, I don. He's like Hopeless alcoholic for a long time. Your dad was both my parents. Yeah. Oh, interesting. I'm a thoroughbred Baby. Did your dad get sober? Yeah. And then he wanted to open a treatment center.


Yeah. Tim's sort of like a passion. Life's big AA guy. In 1975 he got a DUI and it was undignified experience for him and he was prominent dude. And he got sober. My dad got his fourth DUI. He was gonna go to prison and he went to rehab and it Stuck. It stuck with Him. Yeah. He died sober. So it's an interesting experience to grow up in aa. Right. I was an AA kid. Me too. Really? Did you go to like INE and All made me go. I lived with him in high school 'cause my mom was still drinking and he was a legit guy. He was all in. It was like a religion to him. Was he into course in Miracles or a COA or all the other fringe outgrowths of the eighties. aa A COA. Yeah. Adult Children of alcoholic. Yeah. Yeah. When I moved in, that was the condition.


I had to go to INE meetings. Matt, You've heard me say this. Yes. So I never lived with my dad. They got divorced when I was three and then in ninth grade he had gotten in a terrible car accident and he needed someone to help him. And I was about to get murdered at the new high school I was gonna go to. So many kids hated me. So I moved in with him and he said, yeah, come in. There's virtually no rules. You have no curfew, but you have to go to one meeting a week. Holy shit. This is so funny. That was Started. And so I started going to like all teen or whatever it was, he encouraged me to go to like the Al-Anon portion. I was like, these aren't my folks. I'd rather be in an actual AA meeting. So I was going to AA meetings before I ever had a problem. I ultimately did have a big problem. So I moved in in ninth grade. Now was the rule.


No curfew, no nothing. I Had to go to an INE meeting a week. And the rules basically were, I mean this is kind of bad, but don't get caught with whatever I was doing because I heard a thousand times knocking Bailey outta jail. And I mean we used to go to punk shows down the street from where we are right now, including the Red Hot Chili Peppers back in there. Oh really? I mean they were more funk back then. We are both Tall, lanky gentlemen that were in the punk scene living with dad, having to go, Hey, this is pretty fucking nuts. Private school? No, I went to public school. Okay. So I went to public school up to ninth grade and then I went up going to Loyola with actually a bunch of Los Filo kids. Oh, no kidding. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Do you live here Still? Manhattan Beach. Okay. Yeah. And then I'm splitting time between here and New York. Now You are the correspondent for A B, C News.


A B, C. For true crime. All things murder mayhem. Oh Boy. Okay. So let's find out. So this is incredible that you had that experience because the group of friends is so unique. The kids I met in there were a blast 'cause they were already fucked up and got sober. Great Bunch. Totally. And a bunch of kids that you could really relate to 'em. I had friends, came from really nice families. My family was so fucked up that when I got in there with those kids, they were sort of my people. Did mom ever get sober? She got sober at 75. Whoa. Yeah. No way. Yeah, yeah. Right When I thought I was completely done. And she was a nurse, so she retired and like a lot of retired people, she went off the rails completely. Yeah, of course. And a friend of hers called in a welfare check and they went in and she was a four, two blood alcohol level.


And that's what finally kicked her. I Can't believe she wasn't in a coma. I know. Oh. And They found her past out at 75, a four At 75, 4 2. She would've lived to be one 60 if she had been Yeah, I Know. Scotch Irish jeans, you know. And she had to be a five. Oh At least at her peak. Oh my God. That that event. Was She in your life? Oh yeah. Yeah. I love my mom forever. She died a couple years ago. Well you have to. 'cause dad leaves and now he's the bad guy and she's, but he lived with his dad. I lived with her and then I moved in with him in ninth grade 'cause she was a mess. And my brother and sister too. How do you get college bound from this childhood? I wanted to get the Hell out. Where'd you go to college? UCSB. So I'm 15 years old. I grew up surfing here.


I took a surf trip with a bunch of buddies. Like when your first friend gets his driver's license. Yeah, yeah. You know, and then you're packing like eight kids into the car because now you have freedom. Yeah. We went up there and there's a place called Campus Point at UCSB. You live in Santa Barbara for a spell For one year. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And I was lured there by visiting Ivy right outta high school. And I was like, get real Disneyland Has nothing unhappiest place on earth. Right. Yeah. Yeah. It's impossible. And I went up there, I'd never been, I'm 15 years old and we roll on it. It's like one of those classic Southern California days. And the one day of the year that campus point is firing. So it's the best wave I've probably ever seen at that point. And there's beautiful girls everywhere. Yeah, yeah, yeah. On bikes. And it's like, where the hell is this? And that was it all I wanted to do. Yeah. It's like I found the next phase.


Okay. So you got BA at UCSB and then where'd you go to law school? San Diego. Oh. Went down there. Lived on the beach for another three years. Okay. You were just chasing beach lifestyle. I Was. I got the sun damage to prove it. Unfortunately. Now. And when you were going after a law degree, was it your intention to be a prosecutor or a defense attorney? I Kind of stumbled into it. I started a sexual assault education program as an undergrad. 'cause we could make fraternity pledges and sorority pledges go. So like I got your classic women's center orientation where they were yelling at all us for being men. And then I had a friend that got sexually assaulted. It was actually somebody I was dating when I was on Semester at Sea. And I came back and it was a horrific experience. So I thought I could maybe take a different approach. It caught on.


So that caught the eye of the FBI and this woman Kathy Harper, her whole thing was sexual assault. That was her background with the DA's office. I got recruited by the FBI and by her In law school or under? In law school? In law school, yeah. Oh My. It was kind of cool. And this fancy PI firm offered to be a track to make a bunch of money. I'd said I'd give the DA's office a Whirl. Boy, really quick. You asked 23-year-old me, I'm probably going to the FBI, I want to kick some doors down. It looked Really, really cool. But the rule back then was that they wouldn't assign you to an area where you went to college, where you grew up, where you went to undergrad. I'm a talentless surfer. Trust me. Way too lanky. But I loved it and I just wanted to keep doing it.


Yeah. So at age 23, I was like, as soon as I can't surf anymore, which is the logic, totally frigging, you know, 23 going on, 15-year-old. So I thought DA's office, my plan was to do it for three years. And at the end of my first day as a junior law clerk in 1992, I was hooked. I knew it's what I wanted to do. The longer you stay, the more interesting it gets, the more skill you get as a trial lawyer. And that office, back then it was a trial philosophy. So they really wanted you to get as skilled as you could. It's like a craft picking a jury. And I sucked so bad when I first started, but it starts getting more and more fun and stressful. And then you start doing felonies and then it gets more interesting. I kind of resisted mentors for a long time and then I don't know what it was, but I had a couple of these guys take me under their wing.


And then I really felt like I had an actual teacher. So I'd go in and try things in a courtroom and then you'd start dealing with real victims. I went to sexual assault and I spent four years there. And when you sit down with a crying mom whose kid has been sexually abused, sexual abuse is so ubiquitous. And so many of us have had that happen to us over the years. I've had juries where the judge, they'll ask a question, you know, have you or anybody close to you been a victim or experienced something similar? I've had every hand go up in the box. Yeah. 12 outta 12 jurors. So then you start dealing with that and with real pedophiles, the predatory ones especially, you do some good when you get one of those guys on a tough case, when you win those, you are impacting the lives of victims. Dozens, Victims Of people, probably. Yeah. And then you get to homicide, which is varsity.


And that's where it gets fascinating. That's what I wrote my book about was that journey showing up and knowing nothing about murders and starting at ground zero. And I tried to take the reader through my experience on that. Well, Let's set the stage. First and foremost, you are here because we just interviewed Anna Kendrick and we just saw her movie, which is great. It is A factual case. of course it's been artistically interpreted, but it's a real life case from the seventies. And as it turns out, you were on that case, an iteration of it. But you were with the DA's office in Orange County, which I think this shocked me even knowing about Orange County. But it's the third largest DA's office in the country. And under your purview is 3 million people.


Right. I. Don't think people would really know that. New York. And then you got LA and then Orange County and advised for third depending on the population of, I think Detroit. I think Atlanta had a really big one for a while. But yeah, it's up to third largest DA's office in the United States. And so you had a 27 year career there. 17 of which was with homicide. And in that 17 years you prosecuted and or worked on a lot of the cases we know about from pop culture. Yeah. And we're outta the gates dirty. John. I read, I was like, what are the fucking odds that will meet the person? So that's pretty wild. But I think we start at the beginning. 'cause it's a wild ride. First and foremost, when you were working the sexual victims unit, you were warned by an early mentor.


You said the move is to find a buddy. Hopefully you have one, to have someone show you the ropes. And they said to you, your love life is gonna be in shambles after this. And you're like, not a chance because of SVU, The subject matter. Yeah. I mean it's for a variety of Reasons. But Matt was like, I would've been like, Hey, get real. What? What? Fuck that. I'm, I'm mid twenties. Whatcha talking about? Yeah, Superman, Nothing. Yeah. And it was the buddy of mine, he's a couple years older than me in the office, still one of my best friends. And he's like, dude, forget it. And basically the women tend to do a lot better in that unit for whatever reason than the men do. There's a thing called pornography. Not that I've ever watched it before, however, it's like why? You know it exists. I know it exists. I read about it Anyway, it's like 10 hours a day of anti-porn.


You're immersed up to your eyeballs in the worst stuff you can imagine. And it doesn't take you long before you realize it's 99.99% men. You know, male sexuality. It really does kind of screw your head a little bit. That line between normal sexual drive and healthy relationships. Well, it's a continuum. And you're like, huh, I'm here. Where does it get pathological? Right, Right. It screws through your head like nothing else. It's hard not to bring home. I'd very rather see murders for sure. Honestly, it's a lot easier. And I mean a lot of murders, there's a sex element to 'em. Like I wanna get into that. Golden State Killer was one of mine as well. Oh my God. A lot of the serial killers start out with to sex crime, fundamentally. And I talk about this a little bit in the book, my next book, hopefully if I get another deal, it's gonna be about serial killers specifically.


'cause I feel like there's so much meat on that bone. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And we're gonna build to that. 'cause I have a lot of sexual questions around that. It does seem, I mean truly it seems like, at least from the stuff I consume, there seems to be a really ubiquitous sexual insecurity driving a lot of this. That's an interesting observation. I've never heard anybody say that before. Really. I think you're exactly right. An insecurity element. I gotta think about that. Like let's just say my penis is so small, I can't be with anyone in the normal way. Yeah. But I can force myself in this and then I can end their experience. I can give you kind of a news flash here that nobody knows and I don't mind saying it. And I hope he's listening. Joseph dangelo, golden State Killer. Yeah. Tiny dick.


Like micro small. Yeah. Really. I don't think that's ever come out in any of the books, but yeah, I intuitively know that's part of some of these things. There's something To That. It's gonna work in tandem with My other hunch I have about all them is they're kind of all smart and they're underachiever a lot. And they think they're supposed to be someone important because they were intelligent enough to be so, and then they underperformed be if they have this entitlement, I should have been this and I'm fucking angry. You Have no idea how right you are. It's entitlement. And there's a myth out there with a lot of serial killers that they're a product of abuse. I've had an issue with it. I showed up looking for Buffalo Bill, thinking all serial killers. Like I saw Silence of Lambs. I know what it is. You know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I got there. And a lot of serial rapists tend to be super arrogant, entitled, just like you were saying, they're very, very smart.


A lot of 'em are spoiled as kids. They were told they were great and then they get out there in the real world and women aren't so interested in in 'em. And there's a component of that for sure. And they feel entitled to Do it. I was owed this And I'm gonna take it. And they get off on it. There's kind of this myth out there. One of the most common questions you get when you're actually prosecuting those cases is what made 'em do it. And the answer is, they fucking want to do it. And a lot of times, can I swear in this? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. They want to do it. It turns 'em on and they get off on it and they feel like they're entitled to do it. God's powerful. That's right. Yeah. They get off on the power And they're proving to everyone. Right. The more sadistic fear and pain they can inflict on their victims, the better. Alcala, you know, Anna's movie, how Do you say his last name?


Alcala a actually Cantwell High School, which is another college prep school. Oh really? That was a varsity Letterman. Oh my God. Genius Level iq. Mesa certified, the whole deal, brother went to West Point my here in Vietnam. Totally successful mother who loved him, never abused or bullied by anybody. And the guy probably murdered a hundred people. Anna Kendrick, I gotta tell you. So I get a call in the middle of Covid from her people and it's, Hey, Anna Kendrick wants to talk to you about a movie. of course, I'll talk to her right away. She was super sensitive about the victims and wanted to make sure that they were making a movie. She was sensitive to that. And the way Orange County works is A little different than most DA's offices. It's called a vertical system.


So I was assigned Costa Mesa, Laguna Beach, Newport, and Irvine, and then I became one of the two cold case deputies, which is how I got Alcala. And we start the night of the murder. So we'd go to the crime scenes ourselves, we'd help with warrants, work with the detectives from the minute the murder happens all the way up. And then the detective that you're with that night is with you at council table when the jury comes back and therefore sentencing. So it's a real team thing. So as a result of that, first thing I would do is meet with the victim's families after I filed charges and whatever kind of murder it was. And you bond with those people, you get really protective of 'em. So when she said she wanted to make a movie and wanted to make sure she did it right from the victim's perspective. Yeah. She's telling their story, not his.


Yeah. Right. Which I think is admirable, but love me with a ton of questions about him. Yeah. Which you can answer. Yeah, I can answer Him. No, I think it's a very cool and respectful approach to it. The new serial killer to me is the mass shooter. Mass shooter, because it's, to me, very similar. The type, the insecure boy almost always who has trouble with women or girls, but feels entitled and is on this power trip. I feel like serial killers have moved into that realm. And it's the same type of person. So the FBI, I would say that's a spree killing and a little bit different. The psychology. And I like your theory on that. For the true blue serial killers, like the Bundys, the Jack, the Rippers, there's a sexual component. The school shooter tends to really be that outcast.


Kind of picked on, bullied kid. Interesting. I was gonna say, the way I've seen those folks is A little different. And I witnessed it so much growing up in the way I did in the time I did, which is the system ruined a lot of kids that didn't fit in. There's a lot of kids that are so hurt by that. I'm not justifying it, but I think it's a different motivation. It's not, I'm entitled, it's that you guys are making me suffer so much, I'm gonna make you suffer back. It's like a revenge. It's a different animal. And I go through kind of the taxonomy of murders. A domestic violence murder is very different than a child abuse murder. Interesting. Which is very different than like a tweaker rob, the seven 11 murder, you know, like the conspiracies to kill for money. So they're all a little bit different.


You always wind up with a dead body at the end, but you start seeing some of the same things over and over if you do 'em long enough, like serial killers love to collect trophies. It's almost like they go to school for it. Well again, they're proud of themselves. They've proved that they're smarter than everyone else. For anybody that's interested, I gotta end up probably the all college chapter more than anything else in the book. Because the deeper you look in serial killers and the psychological motivations to me anyway, the more fascinating it gets. And when you get into the history of 'em, I always thought it was a product of modern American life, sort of the disaffected youth and all that. And then you get into, I read Mind Hunter by Douglas, who's the FBI agent who wrote Signs The Lambs originally. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then from that there's an A great FBI paper and they talk about the first real attempt to get a handle on him.


And it was this guy, Dr. Von Kraft Ebbing, and he wrote a book in the 1880s. He was a contemporary of Freud and he was a German psychiatrist. Never been to America. It's a whole section full of serial killers that we've never heard of. Ah, going back hundreds of years. European. So it's not an American thing. It's timeless. Yeah, it's timeless. It's something in the human community, psyche, whatever it is that there are those guys. The Only primate that we have that kills for pleasure other than us is chimps. And what do chimps have in common with us? They're incredibly intelligent and they have a very stratified hierarchy. So if they're low status and they feel low status, the outcome of that is often homicidal or chimp oal.


What Is it like 98.9% of our DNA? Oh, I Knows. So chimp crazy. No. Oh, you must on HBO or Max now. Oh God. Everybody's face gets ripped off. Yeah. Again, look how chimps kill people. Tigers, they get you around the neck, they kill you. They want to eat you a chimp, unleashes fury. It's a crime of passion. They want to make you suffer. Yeah. They don't even really Necessarily want you dead. They want to man you. You and Hurt. You Just hurt you. Yeah. Yeah. It's so disturbing. It's, it's, it's in us all. It gives you that sense. It's just so close at all times. Circling all the way back, what was it about the being in the sexual, do you think you could articulate specifically? One is like you're seeing horrific graphic things that's disturbing.


And that will not make you hor. That'll make you anti horny. Anti horny, yeah. But I think deeper and more interesting is coming to terms with where you're at in this weird thing. You possess the same weird drive and we all have levels of perversion. Is it almost like seeing a glimpse your own sexuality gets scary to you? That is A real effect of that. Your job is taking down the guys that are hurting people with their sexuality. Right away. You become so paranoid of your own sexuality as a man, you Have to govern this drive. And you maybe get a sense of like, wow, ungoverned, I'm afraid of who I would be or who anyone would be. That's A huge part of it. And also for me as a guy, we all have to learn.


You have to control those urges. And that's something that I think men in a sort of traditionally masculine way, we learn that very early on. And among other men, a lot of people don't talk about this. The dude who can't control his urges becomes an outcast if he doesn't get his ass kicked very quickly by the other man in whatever little crew he's in, if he's surrounded by any sort of decent group of guys. So you learn to control it. And then in that unit, what happens is you overcompensate. And I think that I became, I mean this is probably way more information than anybody, but What's great about your book is it's your personal story interwoven with your professional ones. Right. I became passive sexually, probably the point of being a lousy partner. My girlfriend at the time was gorgeous, got her master's in architecture and graduated from UCLA and she was a catch in every way.


And then here I am. You're retired From sex. It's scary. Yeah. I retired at age 28 from, Yeah. Yeah. Probably didn't do much for our Relationship actually. You're in that unit for a while and then you get called up to the big leagues, which is homicide and everyone's aiming towards that. And you have this kinda well worn stereotype or trope, which is you're nervous the first time you go to a crime scene because you know of these people who've come before you who show up and throw up. And we see at movies, right? Just rewatch seven. Ah, it's a great movie. Such a good movie. Masterful. So good. So good. I mean, Kevin Spacey, who I think he's getting UN now, I think is he?


He just said a Broadway thing. Oh really? Yeah. But Oh my God, I don't pretend to know how, how Any of that stuff works. But amazing actor if nothing else, Bryce. Yeah. Well. That is true. I won't take that from Him. But Brad Pitt and that was amazing. Morgan Freeman was amazing. They're incredible. It'd probably the equivalent of you're an actor and you have just wound up doing your first scene with somebody like a Morgan Freeman. I had the biggest imposter syndrome ever. You Are in ordinarily young for the position as well. I was on a rocket and I looked like I was 12. And I go to the crime scene and come on. Every thing you see on tv, the new guy always pus. Right. I'm literally walking into that going, don't puke Murphy. Don't puke because anybody's capable of throwing up on a dead body or doing something that dumb. It's me. I'm 33. I was surfing that morning trying to get over a broken heart from Oh no.


From the UCLA grad because she, She moved on. Yeah. She moved on to a guy who was my buddy Greg. She wasnt retired sexually quite yet. She was not. She was not. And my buddy Greg, as he put it, the guy she wound up marrying, he's just like you, dude. Just a little better in every way. Walking into that crime scene, we had a dead guy on his back in a kitchen. And the majority of the crime scenes are inside and a lot of 'em are domestics, which is what this wound up being. But I walk in and it's like, don't puke, don't puke, don't puke. And I look down and he had a folding knife in his left hand and a wallet chain into his right back pocket and immediately jumped out at me. Like why would a right-handed guy have a knife in his left hand or a left-handed guy, have his wallet in his right back pocket. And here's another thing that isn't in the book.


First thing, the detective Boton, who wound up being one of my best friends and he wound up being the lead in so many of the stories I talk about in so many of the cases. But he lifts up the shoulder because what happened was the killer, who was his mistress, I guess we could call Her, he was married having an affair with her. She had just gotten broken up with by her boyfriend who she still lived with. Right. And so she starts seeing our guy and I don't know if he's still living with his wife or if they were separated. And this is super weird, and this is also not in the book. His brother had a dream. His brother is A, really deeply religious guy to the point of being kind of out there a little bit, has a dream where his brother is killed. Again, my whole thing with the families, and he told me this, he has a dream that he sees his brother's death. And so he talked to him and said, God came to me in a dream and showed me your death and he's gonna strike you down if you don't end this sinful relationship and go back to your wife and kids.


That's true story. Oh my God. And if that isn't the weirdest freaking thing, oh, and I'm not religious, But We always kind of thought he had this talk with his brother and he went over to end it and she couldn't handle two breakups. So she shot him. He was hauling ass for the stairs. And there was one gray wound to his arm. And we see all these bullet holes on the wall upstairs, broken glass as he's going down the stairs, she got him once in the back, then he goes down and he's on his back and she shot him twice in the heart. Once in the temple. Once in the mouth. Oh. So the detective, I'm 30, this is my first murder scene. And I'm just thinking, don't throw up. Don't throw up. He lifts up his shoulder to show me the two bullet holes in the wood underneath, which is significant. 'cause it indicates degree between a first and second also is A six shot revolver.


And there were eight holes. So she had to reload. Oh. Which legally is all very significant. He lifts up the shoulder and I'm in the don't puke mode and the guy groans. Oh no. 'cause Yeah, A lot of people, the air came Out of his mouth, the air came out of his mouth and it's like, ugh. I mean it's like haunted and out. You're just trying to act like you bet. In this situation a thousand times, I've seen this a million times. It's Like, are we sure this guy's dead? Dead Men don't talk. Sometimes they do, sometimes they do. Oh Yeah. So that was my first one. And then what happened? She bails out, this is my first week in the unit I Want to add. She is financial manager, Financial planner. 41 years old, never been in trouble. A day in her life. Ties to the community, grew up in Newport Beach area. So she's got a right to bail. And back then it was $250,000 and she can make it.


And I've got no arguments to keep her in. And this is statutory bail. She gets out and tracks down the ex-boyfriend who had just broken up with her and they were still living together. He's in a hotel and he falls asleep. Unbeknownst to him, she brought in a tire iron from the car, bludgeons him to death in his sleep. What? Next night? What? Yeah. Right after bailing out and then goes to the place called the Firing Line in Huntington Beach, rents a gun and kills Herselfs herself. Suicides. Yeah. In a firing range. This is my first week and I think I've got the shortest career in the homicide unit because I must have screwed something up. My boss, who is wonderful, he is like, how is this your fault? You know? He's like, she had a right to bail. Right. I hate to tell you this, I'm so relieved. That was the first story because I'm so sick of us men killing everyone and hurting everyone.


Anytime a woman's a piece of of shit, I'm like, well, thank God there's A couple of 'em. Somebody on their team. I want something wrong. Yeah, it is weird. 'cause normally women kill themselves. Normally she would've killed herself first before killing everyone else. It's The tire iron where I go, oh, bitches can get down too. Boy, we can all be nasty. You can go in and bludgeon someone to death with a tire iron. I mean, that is A dude moving. And not only like, she didn't hit it once or twice until he was shaking. She bashed his face into the point that we needed fingerprints to identify him with a pretty good idea who it was. Because he rented the room. She went Tonka, Full Tonka. That's one of the chimps from the dock. Yeah. You'll learn. Oh, okay. Yeah. Full Tonka.


Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Klaviyo. Klaviyo helps brands build smarter digital relationships with their customers. And here at Armchair Expert, we know a little something about how challenging that can be. Here's how Klaviyo does it. Their unified data and marketing automation platform turns customer data into personalized connections to make every moment count across AI powered email SMS analytics and more. Klaviyo powers smarter digital relationships for more than 151,000 successful brands, including Hedley and Bennett Fish Wife and Dagney Dover. Build smarter digital relationships with your customers. Visit K-L-A-V-I-Y o.com to make every moment count.


We are supported by Amazon Prime. You might think of Prime as your gateway to incredibly fast free shipping on all your Amazon orders, which it definitely is. But Prime is so much more than that. Being a Prime member gives you access to prime video, Amazon music, prime gaming, ultra fast grocery delivery, and tons of other benefits. It's a game changer, especially during the holiday season. Wanna get in the holiday spirit while relaxing at home? Press play on a holiday playlist on Amazon Music or stream a festive movie on Prime Video. Hmm. You've got an instant ticket to holiday cheer. Sounds like a great night. Another way Prime saves the holidays. Let's say a coworker got you a holiday present and you somehow forgot to get them something seamlessly. Shop for their gift on amazon.com and then use Prime to get free one day or same day delivery. So it's like they were on your gift list all along. So what are you waiting for? Become a Prime member today and get more out of whatever passions you're pursuing, whatever you're into, it's on Prime.


We are supported by Quince. Tis the season of holiday gifting, but finding the perfect gift can be pretty overwhelming for timeless gifts made from premium materials at an affordable price. Quince has your back. Quince lets you treat your loved ones and yourself to quality essentials like their Mongolian cashmere sweaters, which start at just $50. That's an elevated gift at a price that won't break the bank. Or for more winter coziness, try their super soft fleece sweatpants or their packable puffer jackets both perfect for anyone who's traveling for the holidays. Yes. Okay. They also have, they're called ultra stretch point P-O-N-T-E, straight leg pants. And they are really, really great. They're great for travel, they're very cozy Gift luxury this holiday season without the luxury price tag. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for 365 day returns, plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dx to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dx.


We are supported by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all in one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. We of course have a gorgeous website that we designed and by we I mean Rob, that's right on Squarespace using their great templates. And it looks so beautiful and it functions and So official. Yeah. So whether you're just starting out or managing a growing brand, Squarespace makes it easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience and sell anything from products to content to time all in one place, all on your terms. If it's your first time creating a website, no worries. Squarespace Blueprint is A new guided system that helps you build a unique online presence from the ground up. Your site will be perfectly tailored to your needs. And with the help of engaging email marketing tools, you can share your brand story with your community and even grow your audience and reach through targeted email campaigns. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash dx to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash to get started today,


what is the experience working with detectives and maybe delineate that you guys have different roles, what the detective has to do versus you have to build a case. These are kind of separate things. So what are the pros and cons of those relationships? First Of all, beginning with the FBII got to work in some of those task forces over the years. And the FBI agents, in my experience, are some of the best people I've ever met. Yeah, they're so cool. They're so cool. A lot of people don't know this. A lot of 'em are lawyers. They try to get me outta law school, the FBI as an administration. Like when they want to tell you no, and there's no logical reason for it. The word protocol and you deal with some of the most ridiculous shit dealing with the FBI. Yeah. And the agents were wonderful. So they made up for some of the negative experiences you deal with, with the admin, with the Bureaucracy. So the philosophy of the vertical unit, there is A guy named Francisco Eno who just passed away.


He is A Supreme Court judge, but he used to be head of the homicide unit. Vietnam War Hero came back with a guy named Ed Freeman, who back in the early eighties was a World War II war hero. So you got these two guys and they built the homicide unit and they came up with this vertical concept. And what they wanted was for their young women and men in the homicide unit to be able to bond with their detectives to eliminate a lot of those problems. So especially Southern California is A patchwork of small cities. My cities of Newport, Costa Mesa, Laguna and Irvine are all small police departments. And when you go in, it's like that day, I think in a way Boton was trying to freak me out a little bit. It was a little bit of a hazing, the new guy, and can this guy hang sort of thing, Rite of passage.


It's a rite of passage. And right when I walked in the door and I'd left this outta the book, they were literally, it was like seeing straight outta tv. They forensically processed the living room part of this town home and they were eating a pizza. And the guy said to Matt, he goes, she killed the shit outta him. Yeah. Basically stapled him to the floor. This guy is A. Lot of detectives are funny as shit. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You got him. You have no choice. The Gallos humor. Another interesting thing about the best detectives and the best prosecutors too, I think it's the guys that are one bad decision away from being the same people they're investigating A thousand percent. Oh Jesus. Those Are the one Tables. Well, 'cause you can understand, I have this too. I'm a scumbag. I'm a recovering addict. I can drop into a mindset pretty easily of feeling like I'm owed something.


I'm justified for this. As far as detectives go, there are detectives who literally are boy scouts that live this very Joe Friday life. You know, just the facts ma'am. And you encounter those. And they're great at the documents, the police reports, there's no spelling errors in 'em. And they have their advantages when it comes to the really bad, the serial killers. You gotta catch the cases that are impossible that nobody else wants to take on. Give me the mutant that almost got fired a couple times and that's the person, person You gotta get in their head. Well, that's the person that's gonna win it for you. Yeah. And that's the one that you can also, when they're sitting next to you during jury selection, that's the person you can lean over to. I keep saying guys, a lot of these are women. Some of the best investigators I worked with were women, But I'm sure increasingly so over the course of your career in 92 or 93, Even then, they're the women that have been divorced a couple times.


It's the same thing. They're paying the same price. Everyone else pays for that job a Hundred percent. And they're the ones that the more twisted they are, that's the one you can lean over to and go, juror number 10, what do you think? And you need that kind of guidance, especially when you've been doing it for a while. I need as much help as I could get. But you know what's interesting? We would do these juror questionnaires on the really heavy stuff like the serial killers and the death penalty cases. This sounds crazy, but I do think we should just mention for people who are 25 years outta jurisprudence, when the case begins, you're starting with an ample amount of juries and you're gonna get to kick some off as the prosecutor and the defense is gonna get to kick some off. So you're trying to figure out who's gonna be helpful. Right. You get 20 challenges on a life case for no reason. They're called preemptory So. I can boot a jury for any reason other than race.


But if they come in and they're wearing a shirt you don't like, you're allowed to kick 'em if you get a bad feeling in your gut. And so when you come up through the ranks, I could did 37 misdemeanor jury trials before I touched my first felony. And you don't get to do questionnaires in any of those and questionnaires. You get to ask 'em all kinds of things. And I learned over the years that you gotta trust the gut, not the paper version, because they can look really good on paper. It's kinda like dating in a way. Well Also, people answer questions in a way they think they're supposed to answer versus there's a quadrillion bits of information coming at you that are non-verbal, which Is the most important thing from chimpanzees on up. But back to, oh, so the police, they're very helpful, right? So those detectives, yes. Sorry, I took this on a tangent. The thing about a vertical unit is you get a relationship with 'em, you win a couple tough ones, and pretty soon those cops are listening to everything you have to say because they want to win.


I would meet with the families, but these cops would do the death notifications. And imagine that, I think the most extreme emotion I've ever experienced is of course for the dads too. But for the moms who have had a child that's been murdered, and imagine you're a cop who has to break the news to them. No thanks. And that cop, when they go through that, you talk about tolls on relationships and alcoholism and all that. When they got the right guy and they know they got the right guy, they wanna win that case. And when you bring it home for them and then you win a tough one. Well, It's this beautifully symbiotic relationship, which is you gotta gather everything perfectly and then I'm gonna slam dunk this. And when you're in the foxhole like that with somebody and you go through a really hard trial, that detective sitting next to you, you come to love them and they love you back and they wind up being some of your closest friends.


I would imagine that y'all's integrity gets tried probably more than almost any other job I'd imagine. It's quite tempting. I bet it's presented all the time that you could massage something and you would know I'm kind of violating this person's right, but I know they're guilty and it's worth it. I bet that comes up a lot. It definitely happens. And as a defense lawyer, I've seen more of that. I defend a lot police officers, and I'm dealing with the case right now where they've pulled some stuff that I've been shocked. As a former prosecutor, I can't believe that anybody did That the prosecution's doing. Yeah. However, when you do it long enough and they let you actually be a pro as a prosecutor, you learn pretty early in your career that the only thing worse than a family losing a love on is losing a love on getting a conviction and then having to do it all over again because somebody doesn't turn something over.


Because here's a hypothetical I could imagine happening. I could imagine finding a bit of evidence and now if I take that on, I'm legally obligated to turn that over to the defense. Right. And I might go, I'm just gonna skip that all together. I didn't see that. I don't have to incorporate that 'cause I don't really wanna turn that over. Those little question marks probably arise. So when I came through, there's a guy named Chris Evans, who's now a superior court judge, real world guy. He was a fireman who went to law school at night. And so he was a citizen of the actual world, uniquely gifted as a actual trial lawyer. And I used to go watch him when I was a law clerk. What he told us was, make sure the defense has everything and then beat him with it. That was what we got taught. And so for anybody that's holding evidence back, number one, it's totally illegal. Right? The state of California, it's actually a felony.


But the people that do the dirty tricks is defense lawyers or prosecutors. They're trying to compensate for a lack of game. Yeah. Yeah. And if you've really learned the craft and you've studied it as a prosecutor, if you can't convince a jury, you shouldn't win the case. Right. Even if you were convinced the guy did it, you can't cheat to win. You Have to have a level of respect for the system. You Really do. And your reputation's all you have in that business. The best prosecutors really are kind of like my buddy, Jim Mendelson was an actual fighter pilot before he went to law school. And they're gunslingers, they wanna fight. They don't wanna cheat and win. No, there's a spectrum of talent in anything. But like the guys I was in the unit with, and you know guys including women, they were some of the most twisted diabolically genius people. They were superheroes in my eyes. And they would turn everything over the ones I worked with because they would never admit they sweated any defense lawyer they were coming up against.


They wanted to beat 'em. And the tougher the case, the better, as weird as that sounds. Now, If they were prone to be problematic, where was it generally gonna surface Muni court and doing misdemeanors? The ones who suck are never gonna get to homicide in the first place. Gotcha. Place. And so you wind up with kind of the exact opposite. You want put the bunch of people who were kind of brazen, sharp elbowed, who relished the challenge. As a prosecutor though, one of the tough parts is there are three things alleged on every appeal. The appellate defense counsel will always accuse the trial lawyer, defense attorney of being incompetent. So they get accused of incompetence. The judge gets accused of some sort of malfeasance and forgetting to instruct on something, some sort of incompetence. And the prosecutor always gets accused of misconduct.


right now, the police have had a hard time and some of that goes over into prosecutors and there's people that are open to that idea And also what gets made, what do I watch? I'm very heartbroken and interested when I see on Frontline the Confessions and they got seven confessions from seven guys who are all below a third grade reading level that were scared that sting of injustice on that level. And innocence is so strong that obviously you could probably mis evaluate how prevalent. Who knows? I sit On a board with Purdue University, it's a post exoneration board where our whole task is trying to find people in Indiana that have been falsely convicted. And I work with a guy named Timmy odonnell on that who's an exoneree.


I freaking love this guy. Of all the people on the board and there's a bunch of rich, fancy famous people, Timmy's the guy. So he did 21 years for a murder that he actually did not commit. And there's coming from a career prosecutor, actually innocent, there's a bunch of mistakes that were made and they kept offering him deals and refused to take it because he really didn't do it. What A proposition to present to somebody. Oh yeah. Talk about a devil's organs. It's not. And he's like, no, I'll stay in prison before I'll admit something I didn't do. Name of integrity. Yeah, absolutely. It happens. And if you got a heart, which you clearly do, it's the worst injustice imaginable. That's Why our system's set up the way it is. To let many guilty people go is preferred to a single innocent. That's right. And that's the way it should work. It gets problematic when we get into the serial killers that are gonna victimize other people.


Yeah. I think it gets into problem there, and I think where jurisprudence is most problematic is in sexual assault. It's still almost impossible to prosecute a hundred percent in my opinion. Let me hit you with this. I was reading Missoula, the John Krakauer book on the kind of rape epidemic at Missoula. The problem prosecuting these kids and then the problems with the juries, even if they get the stuff they need, it needs degrees like murder. I think that's one of the problems is you have these jurors looking at these young people and there's no degree, so it's all in or all out. And they have a hard time finishing a young person. Yeah. Not that they shouldn't be finished, that's not what I'm saying. But I think if there were degrees within it, it could move the needle.


That's a Really interesting idea because you're absolutely right. Like a 2 88, that's sexual abuse of a minor. There's one charge. I mean there's different subsections of rape, but that word is A heavy thing. And a lot of jurors, you're right, I prosecuted my niche was date rapes. And you don't want to tag a kid as a rapist for life for a misunderstanding or a drunken miscommunication. You have two people in a blackout, or we're reconstructing two people's blackouts. And It's a really tough thing. Words are important. Maybe if there were degrees, but Who's gonna come up with the degrees? That's very tricky too. To me. There's some things that are worse. I'm gonna get in trouble for just saying that worse than others. But there are, look there I was molested. There's worse versions of the way I was molested.


I can tell you as someone who was molested, if that was my parent, that's fucking worse. If it were reoccurring for years decision, yes. If there was violent for me, there's degrees of what I experienced, for sure. But You know what's interesting about that? A lot of people you encounter that not to spin off on a tangent, a lot of people think that that's like a zombie bite. So many people have been molested. I still don't think the public understands that. I admit it. I say it out loud. I didn't know of an actor when I was a kid that said he'd been molested. I thought I was the only person. Now people are talking about him. I Will bet a majority of men in Hollywood with the victims of sexual abuse at one point or another, because I'm ready to come to terms with the idea that a majority of men in general in America at one point or another, were sexually abuse as a kid. Yeah. The conservative estimates are like 25% of us that grew up in the east work And our parents, they were smoking and drinking and we were wildings in our generation.


Yes, for sure. Completely unprotected. But, But one of the things about it is there's a weird stigma that needs to be relaxed, especially when it comes to men. A lot of people think it's like a zombie bite. We know what happens when you get bit by a zombie. Right? Or bitten by a vampire. Oh. Like you will then become a predator. You'll become, right. Yeah. I grew up with that paradigm. Right. So A lot of people keep quiet and that is not the case at all. Right. In fact, it's the exact opposite. A lot of people that have been sexually abused know how fucking awful it is. So they would never do it. And I understand that there's some psychology behind it, and some people that are horrifically abused, it affects them. But the vast majority of time, and this is four years in sex and 17 in homicide, which half were sex cases anyway, the majority of the offenders were never victims themselves.


And I'm here to tell you that is A pervasive myth. I think that's another part of the stigma that people are gonna be like, oh, I. Don't wanna leave 'em around with my kids. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. I want to hear about a few. You do a dozen or so cases throughout your long career in the book, I guess since it was prompted by Anna's movie. Let's talk about him for a minute. The notion that this motherfucker was on the dating game blows my mind. Right? Right. So tell us about him a little bit. So he Grew up loving home, never abused or bullied by anybody, and this is the best investigators. He went through three different capital trials, which means you have A through K factors is what is known in a bifurcated jury system in California. So those are the factors the jury gets to consider in weighing whether there's any mitigation.


So a factors like circumstance of the offense, how brutal it was. Beef factors, other crimes of violence, and you go down the list and essentially a serial killer is motivated in a life or death sort of way to come up with any sort of abuse possible as a mitigating factor percent to their jury. So he had three great defense teams. They were unable to uncover a single instance. So he grows up in a loving home, successful siblings mother who loved him, aunt very much in the picture. Father died when he was young, but went to prep school, varsity Letterman on the yearbook committee, graduated from UCLA film school, genius level iq, and handsome for the day, and charming for the Day. I mean, currently he would, he needs a haircut in 2024.


But yeah, he's a good looking dude back then is The part in the movie where he worked at the LA Times as a photographer. He Was a type setter, and he worked for the LA Times Gainfully employed. Oh. So this guy, actually not far from where we are, 1968, he kidnapped rapes and almost murders. An 8-year-old girl named Tally Shapiro. So anybody that wants the background, Anna's movie was wonderful. The detectives were involved in it. I give it an a plus. And the final scene, the only way it could have been more true to real life is if she'd made it longer. Phenomenal job. So anyway, so he kidnaps this 8-year-old Good Samaritan, sees it, follows him to this little Hollywood bungalow. And all of this is in the book. I think people would be interested in it, I hope. But this cop, his name is Camacho, LAPD Officer, hero Cop shot in Vietnam, comes back from the war shot in the Watts riots.


It's his first day back at work. Oh my God. And he gets a welfare call and nothing about it seemed any war, right. In 1968 than would today. So he knocks on the door and he hears one second, kicks the door in, and all call is going out the back naked. And he finds this little girl, eight years old, she's been raped. She's in a coma for 32 days. Stop. She's got a barbell across her throat, seconds away from death. So this cop saves her life. Whoa. Alcala gets away, gets to the East coast, enrolls in NYU film school. He'd already graduated from UCLA After that event. He decided to get out of town. He fled. And inside his apartment, they find hundreds and hundreds of photographs of young women and boys in positions of vulnerability.


Oh. Out in the woods, in rooms with him. Some of 'em are sexual, some of 'em are pornographic, some of 'em are remodeling. Hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of these things. Oh, what age is he at that point? They Lost. So this is 1968, mid twenties, I think at this point. So he's like prolific. This guy is the real deal. Yeah. Okay. So goes to New York, they catch him. He's working at an all girls sleepaway camp in Vermont, and there's a rainstorm and two little campers go running into the post office to get outta the rain, FBI 10 most wanted list. They look up and they're like, that's weird. That's Mr. Berger. 'cause he's a counselor at the camp. They catch him, they extradite him back to California, winds up kidnapping and near death of an 8-year-old, and he raped her.


There's a photo in that. This is one of the scenes that sticks with me, even though I wasn't physically there, because I was 12 when it happened. Little white Mary Jans in more blood than should ever be able to come out of an 8-year-old at the scene. So she survives miraculously, they extradite him. The prosecutor decides to give him a straight child mosque case. And he goes in, he gets a life sentence. They paroled that guy after 34 months. And that is A cautionary tale. So he gets out and they violate his parole. They catch him with a 13-year-old girl that he was certainly on his way to killing. Oh my God. But they had marijuana. They wound up prosecuting her for possession of marijuana. Oh my God. 13 years old. Fucking God. So he gets about a year and a half, they release him again.


It's like Forrest Gump again. Gets out. And then he kidnaps Monique Hoyt, she's 15-year-old. Runaway rapes her, sodomize her. She wakes up. He probably thought she was dead. She comes to and says, we can't let anybody know what we did. He then had a moment of emotion, broke down crying, and then transported her wherever they were going. And she jumped out and called the police. And then the court has an obligation legally to presume the rape and kidnap is true and assess danger to the community. And knowing all the background, the judge lowered his bail. He got out and he kidnapped and murdered a 12-year-old girl outta Huntington Beach named Robin Samso.


So he gets convicted, goes up, case gets reversed once by the California Supreme Court, convicted again in 1986. Goes back up. Now it's the ninth circuit that reverses it. So the case has been twice gutted. Then it winds up on my desk. So we don't know anything at this point. This is late 2002, 2003. I get it assigned to me because I'm one of the cold case deputies. And this poor family has had to go through this twice. Now, every time a case gets reversed, Re-interview everybody. Oh, well. So we gotta figure out what kind of evidence we have. The police in 1979 got into his storage locker. And again, different batch found hundreds and hundreds of photos. How can you more young women and girls? I don't understand. He killed a hundred people after he was released from California State Prison.


So he killed a 21-year-old computer programmer in Burbank, very close to where we are right now, named Jill Pero. We didn't know that. So once above my desk, and I talked to my old mentor and I'm like, what do we do with these? 'cause the case got gutted twice and there was a photo found. This is kind of cool, of a girl named Lori Wirtz. She's on roller skates in a place called Sunset Beach that's right next to Huntington Beach that was in a storage locker. And it turns out that was from the same day that Robin Samsa went missing. So we can put him in the area and then we're kicking it around like how do we freaking prove this thing? And there were signs in the background that were still in the cement. And we found some guy in the Navy of all places that was able to give us an exact time that that photo was taken. Wow. Based on the shadows.


Wow. So I'm locked and loaded. I'm ready to go again. No sooner do we make the decision that we're gonna retry this fucker. Yeah. That we start getting DNA hits outta LA County for unsolved murders because California just entered the Coda system. So we get 3D NA hits in LA County, plus a fourth. He was a suspect in one Jill parent of the computer programmer. So now we got five. So we constructed a whole thing. And then like a lot of good serial killers. 'cause he's a psychopath, they can't resist the control. So he wound up representing himself. Oh, this is A big move, isn't it? Oh yeah. They over index him representing themselves. Don't, a Hundred percent. A hundred percent. Which is awesome because they all suck at trial. Yeah. Whatever disconnects them, that makes 'em all talk about Mission of their arrogance. Oh my God.


And it's the greatest thing Ever. If I were you, I'd just go like, so this guy's representing himself. I think that tells you everything you need to know. We rest our, oh, there's a great adage, And I threw this in the book that you learn in law school, anybody who represents himself as a fool for a lawyer and a jackass for a client. It was surreal. But I had to deal with him every day. I had to go in and talk to him. Oh my God. Because You gotta, you gotta talk to council, right? Yeah. And for me being kind of twisted, it was fascinating. Oh, I would've enjoyed, tell us, what was he like? Oh my gosh. Well, first of all, so there's this moment, like they don't give us any training on how death row actually works in California. And I just thought it was one big prison yard, like a prison within a prison, Salton San Quentin. And I didn't know yet that they sub classify them. They have a yard they call themselves and they divide it up into yards called the Weenie Yard, which are the guys that aren't dangerous to staff or other inmates.


And so we just sentenced this guy, big white supremacist gang leader, super gnarly dude. He'd just gotten the death sentence outta Orange County. So he goes up, I'm sitting there, we're waiting for the judge one day, and I literally had to talk to this guy several hours every day for six months. Yeah. You know, he's representing himself. So you develop a rapport. Can I ask you one hard question? Sure. Because we interviewed the defense attorney that was representing the victims for Epstein, and he had several lunches with Epstein while he was representing those people. And he said, he's so fucking charming. I'm there experiencing what they experienced and leaving going, boy, that was fucked up. Did you have any of that? A Hundred percent. That's why the actor who played right now, call in Anna's movie was frigging brilliant.


Oh He, yeah. He's so good. Brilliant. He Won the dating game of the Three Bachelors By being charming and funny. And the actor nails it because it's like, who would get in a car with that guy? And the answer is almost everybody. Everyone. Yeah. Because they're so fricking charming. But that's the thing with All Call Us. So I'm like, Hey Rod, just outta curiosity, what do you do when a guy like Billy Joe talk about a cartoon character and this guy's fricking SWAs tats everywhere the whole deal. Aren't you worried that a guy like that is gonna get to you? He goes, Matt, buddy, you know me, I'm on the weenie yard. I'm not violent. I'm never gonna see that guy. He was offended, right? That I would think that he was a violent guy. This guy murdered a hundred women and smashed their faces in with rocks. And that other guy's a Philistine. Right, right, right. He's Like, Totally, That guy's a racist prolo.


What? He tug me. He's got ska tattoos. What do you mean? Do you think That he believes that in the Moment, right? Yeah. Oh Yeah. Totally in the moment. Yeah. And that's the charming watch the Bundy tapes where he's getting interviewed. Oh, it is fascinating. Bundy has a moment where the reporter says, Hey, what's it like to know you're gonna get executed tomorrow? And Bundy's response, I'll never forget this, like my odds are getting executed tomorrow about the same as yours getting killed in a car accident on the way home. He goes, God forbid that shit happens. There's so much concern for him. Yeah. So Much concern. God forbid. What a horrible analogy to, he's like, I'm concerned with you. And they did. They fricking juice Bundy the next day to the betterment of all mankind, the really smart psychopaths. They understand intuitively where that good heart opening is and they take advantage of it.


Well, no one likes this, but sociopaths over index in empathy, they're very, very good at knowing exactly how you feel and what you want to hear. That's Exactly right. And that hypersensitivity to it is connected to their love of inflicting pain. Even for the sociopaths that haven't killed anybody, like the ones that are running businesses, there's that little element of cruelty that so many of them have. They get off on it. I wanna Go through a couple more. 'cause the book is just full of so many riveting cases that you covered. I didn't realize Orange County was such a bed of activity. Seriously. Yeah, but Skyler Deion. Skyler DeLeon. Yeah. So he was a power ranger. He had a speaking role. He's a child actor. No. Yeah. You know, he was, of all of the guys I dealt with all the fraudsters.


Ed Shin was one of mine that I talked about in the book. Skyler was the best liar of anybody I'd ever seen. Really? Yes. Because His name rhymed with it. Or Skyler's a liar. Good job on that. Couldn't help myself. I Like It. I like that. She's got a new Mason sweater on. She's feeling pretty good today. Made me feel sure. This guy who was in the Marine Corps for about a second and went awol, a lot of 'em also joined the military and go awol. I'll call it. Did my naive guy did my last one. That's another common thing that you see on the psychopath. So he wind up putting together this scheme to basically murder people to get their money. And there's this beautiful couple retirees, Tom and Jackie Hawks. Jackie was in a motorcycle accident. She was in her twenties, couldn't have kids of her own Mary's Tom.


He had two young kids at the time. So she got to be mom. And then one of 'em had a baby. So they'd retired onto the ocean and sailed around on a yacht. Now they got a grandchild and Jackie just wants to experience that. So they decided to sell the boat and they go out for a sea trial, which is basically a test drive for a yacht. Never seen or heard from him again. Oh my God. And so Skylar is there with all the bill of sale paperwork fingerprints that we sent to the FBI. It was Tom and Jackie's fingerprints. They actually signed all the stuff and there was one problem. The S on her signature didn't match, but everything else did. That became important. They show up with these documents indicating they bought the boat. There was a notary that notarized the documents, they'd filed it with Prescott, Arizona.


Everything legally they could do, indicating they'd purchased the boat they had done. And so we had to untangle that. I do an annual surf trip with a bunch of buddies to Indonesia and you sit on a charter surf boat for 12 days or whatever. I was gonna skip that year. And anyway, I catch my girlfriend making out with the groomsmen at a wedding. So that's bad. That's bad. So, so I decided the last second, I'm gonna take this surf trip and I wind up on this boat, this guy Gary Burns, who was a part of the boating world. And he's a totally legit guy, but he had seen sort of the underbelly of it and met some smugglers and actual pirates along the way. There's Tom and Jackie, like three months later they're missing. It's a Newport case. I'm working with Boton again, that same detective who moved the body and made the guy grown.


And we were at a dead end and we suspected something bad had happened, but we did two forensic workups of the boat. So the boat was found, Boat was found. They're not on It. Tom and Jackie are missing. And you got Skyler and Jennifer saying, Hey, we bought the boat and here's all the documents indicating we bought it. By the way, when you find these people, they promise to teach us how to operate it properly. We would hate to have to sue them. Oh, this is A pretty good. And I telling you that's a cool angle. So I watched his interview credit to the detectives. I believed everything he was saying. Yeah. He was on probation for a burglary at the time. And he goes, look, this is cartel money. My dad was involved in the cartels. You can look it up. I can't tell you where I got it. Or they'll kill my family. Wow.


It, it was so convincing. Wow. And it's like I was buying this in a money laundering scheme. That's why I was buying the boat. It's all cash. It came up. This could almost work like this almost makes sense. And the thing is, there's a difference between what you suspect and what you can prove. And we had frigging nothing. And we had a weird story, but it was convincing as hell. So I called Gary in Australia, the charter boat captain, and I'm like, dude, what are we missing? And without skipping a beat, it's almost scary how fast he said it. I don't even think I finished the sentence. He's like, missing anchors. Look for missing anchors. If there's murder on a boat, there's gonna be a missing anchor. Everybody thinks they invented the wheel. Everybody gets tied to an anchor. That's how they do it. And we go back to the boat for like the 20th time. Sure enough been staring us in the face the whole time. God, there should have been two anchors on the bow.


God there was one. And so we hook 'em the next day and the whole house of cars fell down. So what Had they done? How had they, So what they did is they lured 'em out to sea. They brought in, this guy was a Long beach, insane Crip. But yeah, they got muscle. They went out, they lured 'em out to sea. They tasered them both. They threatened to beat her if he didn't sign, they threatened to taser him again if she didn't sign. And they tied him to the anchor begging for their lives and threw him overboard. Was the intention just the capital gain? Did they just want the boat? Yeah, they wanted the boat. And they also had a power of attorney indicating that they should have had access to their bank accounts too. All money motivated. All money motivated. And then when we got the search warrant, we found an LAPD Interpol liaison card to a totally separate murder the year before in Mexico.


A guy from southern California named John Jar, who got into drugs, he was a pilot, had back issues. A lot of people have experienced that where he's sober, goes back on, painkillers, fucks him up and he gives him $50,000 in cash. Skylar cut his throat. Oh Wow. Did you watch this newest Zodiac doc? I haven't. And you know, here's my problem with Zodiac, please. They never catch him. It is matting to me. Well, the Zodiac doc is really, really well done. And I think it's exploring a different aspect, which really hit HOAs. The guy, the Zodiac was a school teacher in Atascadero. Wait, did They finally figure out who Did it? Oh they know. Oh, I didn't know that. A thousand percent who it is. Oh, he just, they Haven't died before he got, He died, he was on dialysis.


He died at like 58. Oh, okay. And why was he called that again? He named himself fat. Yeah. Oh, very smart guy. He was a champion diver. He was a scuba guy. He was enormous. Man. He's a teacher in Atascadero. He meets these kids. There's seven kids. The mom of the seven kids husband is in Atascadero State mental prison because the dad had molested the kids. Or one daughter in particular. Wow. She's in Silver head. She's got seven kids. This teacher shows up and he starts taking them to the movies. Some nights he's their teacher. She trusts 'em. He develops this relationship with the whole family. What's neat about this doc is it's not focusing as much on him like the other ones have is this crazy thing where you can know somebody who's been so generous and benevolent.


This is A duality that can exist between what you think is A serial killer and then the absolute torture of getting presented evidence after evidence. But you know this man and he was kind to you. Ugh. And it's riveting. People want everyone to be a cartoon character of a serial killer. Yeah. They don't want it to be the teacher that was kind to you. And you know, that's the thing. And to see what they had to deal with. There's the victims, but then there's this whole family that it tore them apart and one brother finally admitted. No, no, it's him. It's incredible. Okay, I'll watch it. It's incredible. It's heartbreaking for this family. Yeah. Well Rex Erman, that's the latest, that's the Gigo Beach one. Another huge guy that's more East Coast news. But he's kind of that modern, I think he represents the next wave because he figured out a way to defeat modern forensic science.


Oh Really? They made a DNA hit on a hair and it's mitochondrial DNS and the numbers are like one in 50 as opposed to one in 18 octillion he killed probably 19 they think. And he was an architect in midtown Manhattan. Wife kids, the full deal. Yeah. And he would wrap him in burlap, which probably had something to do with fingerprints. And yeah, he got away with it for years and years. But so did my Golden State killer case. That guy got away with it for years. Yeah. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Sonos. Sonos is the world's leading sound experience company. They invented the smart sound system that makes it easy to play anything in any room. Which We Love. Sonos was the star of our Halloween party. It was, I had it playing outside by the guest house. I had it playing in the garden. I had a plane in the kitchen. Kept the party rocking no matter where you moved. It makes a big difference. Yeah. The sound is so good you, you really gotta take your favorite holiday movies and holiday songs to the next level and experience them with Sonos and with holiday gift season upon us, Sonos products are a perfect solution for that hard to buy for person on your gift list. They've got amazing ace headphones. And since you know we are podcasters, if you know any arm cherries in your life Really smart, It's a great gift for them so that they can really get us in their ears properly. Whether You gift a sleek soundbar, a sturdy portable speaker, or our favorite headphones, your lucky gift recipient is sure to be impressed. Sonos has great gifts for everyone on your list. Visit sonos.com/dax to save 20% on select products. That's sonos.com/d.


We are supported by SKIMS. If you're in the market for holiday presents, SKIMS has got you covered. Boy do they. They just launched their holiday shop with some incredible gift ideas. You know I like giving you Yes. You're a gift expert and you approve. I do. And when I gave for a white elephant, I gave a SKIMS robe. Yeah. Once before. It was a huge hit. It was stolen immediately. Immediately. And they do, they have this amazing soft lounge sleep set from the SKIMS Holiday shop. Really cute seasonal colors. It's so nice to get festive and get in your SKIMS and bop around. You gotta eventize, you gotta, it's so fun. And who doesn't love a gift list? It makes holiday shopping that much easier. Shop SKIMS holiday shop at SKIMS dot com available in styles for women, men, kids, and even pets. If you haven't yet, be sure to let them know we sent you. After you place your order, select podcasts in the survey and select our show in the dropdown menu that follows.


Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com


And Zodiac. So he would teach the kids ciphers, right? He'd teach 'em how to do ciphers like you draw a grid, A, B, C, D, eef. You drew a symbol and taught them how to write code letters. And he was submitting these to the San Francisco Chronicle and they're running them on the front page. And there was these ciphers they couldn't break. One of the ciphers got broke last year, 50 years long. His cipher didn't get cracked. Wow. He was like, he was writing nonstop. I'm the zodiac. What? Figure out this cipher. It'll tell you what I'm gonna do next. Yeah. I gotta watch. I mean it. It was so twisted. Oh My God. And he is A very smart dude and very competent and a pedophile as we come to find out. And this whole sexual, did he kill all his kids?


He killed teenagers who would be making out at make out points. Yeah. They're equal opportunity. These guys. Oh my god. Boys, girls, women. He was into self aggrandizement. He killed a cab driver for no reason. 'cause he wanted to kill the guy in front of a movie poster of a movie he loved. And he used to teach the kids. I mean, it is so, yeah. Dense with craziness. I gotta watch it. You gotta watch it. Yeah. And my heart to this family, I can't help but try to think of it in terms of addiction. And I think about like, are they like me buying coke? Like, okay, we're buying coke this time, but we're not gonna buy coke anymore after tomorrow. Are those deals being made in their head? Are they trying to quit? Here's the difference In my mind. And I mean, look, everybody in my family's an addict.


For the addict. We can have sympathy. It's like Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, you know Stevenson, right? Yeah. The duality of man, the vehicle he had to use was spontaneous transformation. Like Dr. Jekyll was a noble man working for science. Mr. Hyde was the monster that would kill. And when you know, it turns you into something and you know that you're hurting other people. Addicts only hurt themselves. Typically There's collateral damage. But in general, yeah, sure There's collateral damage, but it's not predatory. Right. It's secondary. I Just wonder, are they trying to quit? Yeah. Is it like a compulsion and then they feel Guilty or they're like, I'm doing this till the day I get caught. Yeah, I, I'm just so curious. There's an arrogance that goes along with it. I don't think you see an addict. And also sadism is an inherent part. It's the thing called the hair psychopathy checklist. It's like the most common traits of actual psychopaths and grandiosity is on that list.


But the very first serial killer case I did was a serial rapist in downtown hunting beach. Finally killed one of his victims named Victor More Guerrero. And he was living in a tiny little place and he had a notebook. He write Victor King self portraits with a crown on his head. Oh God. And it's like, oh my god. Textbook type stuff. Addicts. It's a little different, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. For sure. I only meant the element of trying to quit for A lot of those guys, they get off on it so much. It's more the opposite. They can't wait to go out and do it again. And I don't think they feel guilty about it at all. Okay. I had some questions that have just kind of always been on my mind about someone with your job. How do you deal with the frustration of knowing you have someone and you don't have the evidence and you're not gonna have it?


What does that do to you? How do you compartmentalize that? Or how do you process that? Yeah, the answer's not very well. I lost a lot of sleep over those. I'm almost shocked there's not more vigilante justice. I bet back in the day there was, It's funny you raise that. People forget there's a social compact and one of it is somebody murders your family member or somebody you love. The deal is we don't exact revenge because the state is supposed to do it for us. And that's what a lot of people forget as we tack back to like early release. And I'm as pro reform as anybody. But for the sexual predators and the really bad guys are the ones that unnecessarily hurt a family or a victim is The biggest predictor. I have to imagine rapists are just en route to that.


And All rapists don't want up being serial killers, but virtually all serial killers were rapists. They start out with like peeping or flashing and they work their way up. They'll steal some underwear. The beef I have with the FBI definition on serial killer is it's too broad. It's two or more victims by the same perpetrator at different events that encompasses gang members and mafia hitman and drug dealers. They get in beef. The real predatory guys are the sexual offenders. I watched this great documentary about chess masters and there's this very common pattern for chess masters. This happened to Bobby Fisher. It's happened to a lot of them. They spend their whole life anticipating doom and they exercise their brain in that way.


And when they are not concentrating on just a huge percentage of these chess masters become paranoid. It's a liability if all your folks, so are you aware that you have had a unique view of life and do you attempt to correct for that? A lot of bad Guys. Yeah. You have a little bit of a misleading worldview I might argue in the same way. Lemme add one other one. So my wife's mom was a nurse and she came to me on the first time we met and she said, oh great, I'm glad I'm meeting you. You have to help me get Kristen off of birth control. And I said, well, I don't think that's my position. Do you know how many strokes I see at the hospital from birth control?


And I said, I bet you see more than anybody, that's who they come to. Yeah. But if we look up right now, car accident deaths per 100,000 in strokes from birth control, I would be more apt to get her to quit driving a car. It's not a realistic, but I understand why to you It is. No, I think you're exactly right. of course there's this nice old man that we are on the same schedule and he would ride his bike past this elementary school in Manhattan Beach. It's, I'd be on my way to work. And for years I'd passed by this guy a couple times a week. And after about a couple months in sexual assault, it was like there's that freaking pervert. I know what he's up to. You know? Yes. You definitely get jaded. Yeah, for sure. And you're right, I would've a very skewed worldview. And I don't think anyone couldn't. So I Yeah. Zero judgment saying it'd be Weird if you didn't.


Yeah. I'm skewed by my weird experience in life, right? I travel around and meet a bunch of artists all the time. I think the world's Full of creative, wonderful People. Yeah. I'm Delusional. I mean, I've stepped over a hundred dead bodies over the course of my job. Yes. And that definitely gives you a viewpoint there. Now here's a great question. So I have a tolerance and an appetite and a capacity to understand gnarly stuff still needs to go on in life. People gotta do gnarly jobs. Some cop answers a call to domestic disturbance and they walk through a door to a house they've never been in. They know violence is happening. That is A very intense, gnarly situation. And we need people to go do that. I think some people have lost their appetite for the reality of what has to go on they have.


And so to those people, I'd argue like, Hey, you have to have some understanding that gnarly shit's gotta get done. And guess what? Gnarly shit getting done goes wrong. Often you have to some tolerance for how ugly and gnarly all this is. And Split second decisions too, that police are put in all the time. And that Is not to excuse any of the, of course not the clearly racially motivated, horrific things that have happened. Yeah. Just everything's happening. Yeah. And you have to have some tolerance for this. And you also have to have some self-correcting if you're you. And I'm wondering how one even does that. You know, I Scuba dive a ton. I still surf every morning I can, even though I'm getting rickety in my old age. But this is gonna sound weird to say I started shark diving a few years ago.


Nothing quiets your mind more than cageless shark diving. And it's a lot safer than anybody would think. And sharks get a bad rap. I'll take your word for it. I've Go to Cuban two weeks to go shark diving there and it is A frigging blast. That's been really zen for me. And like you, I gotta be very careful about using anything chemical to balance that out. 'cause that's a very slippery slope in that job. Yes. Yeah. Well, okay, great. That was one of my questions. Funny enough, the rate of domestic violence is really rough. It's over index. The rate of alcoholism is really fucking high among police officers. Yeah. Do all those same things plague das. Yes. I. Don't think to the same degree though, as cops. And I think that we still have a lot better than they do. And it's rough to be a police officer right now. You're putting your life on the line for $80,000 a year in a community where You're hated, Where the community is being taught to hate you.


That's I think what really gets them. As you even pointed out in the book, most of your colleagues aren't in thriving long-term relationships. No. Not in homicide. They're not. And my mentors, and I don't really mention this 'cause I kept 'em out. The rule is you are either a genius and there are a few that came through the unit that are able to balance that and be great husbands, wives and fathers and mothers. But generally you go into that unit if you're single, when you go in, you're single when you come out. And if you're married, you're probably getting divorced. Yeah. You know? 'cause you can't do the job. At least me. I wasn't smart enough to have good bandwidth on both. And I decided that I had to go all in. Well, How can you be at dinner not thinking about this thing that has to get done in order to get this person off the street?


Like to be able to leave that at the valet is A tall order. Yeah. When you have the responsibility to the moms, that's what it always came back to me, is when you meet the mom and they want you to bring it home for 'em. And for me, I'd wake up in the middle of the night, and what's hard about the dinners is when you get the call outs, you know, I talk about this in the book. I had a notorious case outta Costa Mesa and I got the call in the middle of the woman I was dating at the time was her birthday. And for me being awesome boyfriend that I was, it was just like, all right, we're out. That's tough on relationships. But in retrospect, I was a lousy romantic partner for a lot of that time. Obviously it's hard to watch people you know are guilty and you don't have the evidence. But what about the opposite? Is there ever a time where you're like, God, I hope it's the right one.


So That's a great question and thank you for asking me that. The answer's no because your ethical obligation, your sacrosanct duty is to do justice. And it's not to get convictions. And when you entertain a doubt, especially if you're working for a good office like I was back then, it is understood. As soon as you say, I have a doubt. But a lot of times it's not just whether the person did it or not. A lot of times it's on an enhancement. Like I had a case where we go and it was very wealthy couple Newport Beach about to get divorced and I filed a murder for financial gain because you only need any part of the motive being financial that satisfies the element. And the guy was so rich, we were afraid he was gonna run anyway and UK citizenship and all that. And then we get into the computers and as soon as the forensic analysis comes back, like six weeks later, FBI.


So maybe eight weeks if we were asking for it in four. Yeah. The real problem is he was going out visiting the services of sex workers, I believe is the politically correct. And he was bringing home STDs. That's what they were fighting about. So now I knew what they were fighting about and it wasn't money. And we also learned in the course of investigation, each side of the family had tons of cash. So I had to dismiss that right away ethically, even though concerned that he might run. And what did he do? He fricking ran. But yeah, so ethically, whenever you entertain a doubt, you gotta dump it. And I had another one, a guy actually charged with murder. He was a choker. He had a whole history of domestic violence where he would choke his ex-girlfriends and ex-wives. So it was his third fiance. And they get in a big argument and she's found dead. He calls 9 1 1, the rigor's already set in.


She, she's been dead for hours. She had bruising to her strap muscles, which happens in strangulation, particular hemorrhaging in the eyes, which is when the blood vessels burst. There's always telltale signs for when somebody's been strangled. So he fought with her, choked her. Cause death was asphyxia easy. Charged 'em with murder. We get the tox back, toxicological results of her blood. Turns out she took about 500 sleeping pills and you die of a asphyxia from, right, Right, right. Yeah. Stubborn. So that's one had to dump it. You don on Pasco. You immediately call the court, you go in and you dismiss it. We prosecute him for the domestic violence. He went to prison for that. But yeah, so that's part of the job. Yeah. Okay. Is murder reflective of the time in culture, the way everything is? Is there a trend in murder? Is there a style in murder?


Has it changed since the eighties? That's a really interesting question. So murder itself, I think the motives have been the same for a hundred thousand years. Jealousy, greed, anger, lust. It's like the four horsemen that you keep seeing over and over. Throw a little booze in there. 4th of July, barbecue dispute with the neighbor. Next thing you know the gun comes out and somebody gets killed. Yeah. So it's the same thing over and over again. What we're seeing now, and I think that this is kind of a weird byproduct of the fascination with true crime, is you're getting guys like Rex Erman who are figuring out, they don't want to get caught. So they're getting smarter about it. Almost like a Dexter type thing. And that's a new thing. Most of 'em aren't smart enough. The vast majority of murders are one-offs. It's situational.


Right. Never to be repeated again. But for the real predators, they are getting smarter. So that part is A. Yes. There's also social media impact on the way some of the psychopaths are able to manipulate the public. And we've just seen a big example of that. I don't want to necessarily go down this rabbit hole, but the Menendez brothers, oh, you know, that's a fascinating thing. We got Netflix and we've got this outpouring of people that feel very, very strongly because they think, oh, they were sexually abused. Yeah. Therefore we gotta let 'em go. And it's a dicey area. And keeping with my normal, trying to always find the middle ground. What's interesting is there's two options on the table in this debate. They either were not molested and they belong there or they were molested and they don't belong there.


Here's my position, They're molested and they still belong there. I know where you're going, right? Yes. Yes. I watched the trial and what is undeniable is their testimony would be seen so much differently today than it was then. And I'm grateful it would be seen the way it should be today. For sure. I think that was a fucked up family. And I think really bad shit happened to 'em. I don't think either of them are that good of actors. Yep. And I know that world and I believe them. Does that mean you can cut down mom with a shotgun? And Therein lies the rub? Remember? And this is one of those things that forensically, it's Mossberg 12 gauge. That is A six cartridge weapon. And there were 13 shots. And It takes a while to load a shotgun. It sure does. It takes A while. Shotgun. It's a pain in the as you cut your thumb, sticking them in there. That's right.


It's a pain in the ass. And they'd practice with them. They bought 'em with with fake ideas. But Lyle Menendez went out to that car, got ammo, reloaded the shotgun, and literally put the gun to his mom's face and blew her face off. We can say everything we want about whatever Jose did or didn't do. Yeah. Great. Unless you're after the money, why do you kill mom in that debate? Nobody will come up with a good answer. Well, How about this? I can even make that argument. You were supposed to protect me. Right? You turned your eye, you could have saved both of us from all this. Exactly. Right. Still fine. But then we're talking about a revenge killing, not self-defense. Yeah, yeah. Right. So it's just interesting. Again, to me, what's frustrating is it lines up the way every fucking thing lines up, which is it's binary. You're on this side area and that side. Exactly right. Well, no. 'cause you middle ground also has a flip.


Right. Your middle is, they're abused, they should serve time. And maybe it's time to let them out. That's not in illegitimate position at all. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That's How I feel. Yeah. They've been in there for 30 years. I think they've Done enough. Yeah. They're not strangers. They killed their parents. They raised them. I've got no issue with that. My problem is A zeal that everybody's gone into it with, they've all forgotten the first trial and they've all forgotten how Lau was bragging about how he lied on the stand in the first one. There's so many nuanced pieces like reloading and shooting mom in the face, Buying two Porsches of Rolexes spending spree that started four days After Mez, all that. Right. It's all rough. Didn't make no one's. I mean, I guess some people Maybe are, some people love him. Bill Maher has a great thing. I'm gonna butcher the quote, but it's brilliant.


It's basically, America never reacts. It just Overreacts. Right. We don't have act, we have overreact. Which is exactly What you were just saying. Yeah. There's a middle ground that everybody ignores. It's because everything has to line up politically. So it's like all of a sudden, once you find out what your identity is. Yeah. What's our team doing? Well, I don't wanna lose my team. God, it's not a coincidence. You're presented with two options. Right. 'cause there's two fucking parties and there's two identities in this country. Which Is Which is madness. It is madness. Covid, you gotta act like there's not a disease to be a member of your group. That's nuts. You gotta act like we gotta be separated forever to be a member of your group. You can't let it go. What happened to the great rational middle that I still think exists. It does. It Does. And see with juries, that's the job. As a da, you have to get a disparate group of people who are across the spectrum and get 'em to agree on something basic.


Especially for murder. This stuff predates Democrats and Republicans. It predates empires and kings. This goes back to Rabi uniform. Like what happens when you kill somebody? Well, there's degrees of badness in it. One of the First laws they wrote down, literally the First letters were dealt with killing people. Yes. And the 10 Commandments, that's a sequel to a lot of the first writings. How do we deal with each other as human beings? And I can tell you from my experience, the grief of a mom or a dad losing a kid to murder is the same now as it has ever been. And together as a society, like if we can't all agree on that, we're lost. Yeah. I think that that might have something to do with the fascination and true crime because it, it's kind of a refuge where people can get away from the screaming heads.


It's one of the last areas where people, regardless of their political affiliation can agree. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Have you been involved in any penis choppings offs? I've been involved in penis choppings offs. You Have? No, you have? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I thought you were being funny. I was kind of being funny, but also I wondered, oh No, I've had a couple. What? Couple? A couple. Yeah. I've been involved in a couple, but my last trial was a Hussein NAI case. This is actually a great Story. Good one to go on. Yeah. Yeah. It was a marijuana dispensary. Owner gets kidnapped and the marijuana world in California is still like the wild west. So the way it works is you can't bank from marijuana proceeds. So it's all cash Really quick. So people understand the federal government hasn't legalized it.


Right. So any proceeds that were in a federally FDIC insured bank, you could go in and get all the money that F and the FDIC stands for federal, which is A federal crime. So they can't use visa MasterCard. So we've legalized marijuana in the state of California without a plan in effect to deal with that. So the result is it's all Cash. You immediately open up the door to an actual narco trafficker saying I own a dispensary. Here's how I explain this. Million dollars of cash. I put it in the bank. The cartels are involved in so many dispensaries in California. Yeah. It's a problem. It's just sitting there is A great laundering situation. Yeah. But you got legitimate business guys that are coming in and they're squeezing out and they're lowering the margins for the criminal elements that's been responsible for that business.


It's like the old bootleggers. Yeah. For years and years. Like those guys weren't seagram's whiskey makers, they were criminals that were willing to fill the need of bootlegging back in the thirties. As a result, the bad guys in the marijuana world know who's selling a lot of product and they know who's got a big pile of cash at the end of every day. So this guy, he owns a dispensary in Santa Ana, totally legit, super licensed. And in fact, the guy didn't even use weed himself. So he is like a legit business guy. They put trackers on his car and they surveilled him and they took him, he was out in the desert on a meaningless trip with a friend. And they got it in their little brain, said, that must be where he is burying Alibaba's treasure. Oh geez. So they kidnap him outta Newport. They drive him out, they torture him the whole way out.


They get him to the GPS coordinates where they'd stopped. They're like, give us the money. And he's like, I've told you for the last time, the money's in the safe because why wouldn't it be in the freaking safe? Yeah. Yeah. I don't need to use the desert. Yeah. But again, psychopath in love with his own brilliance, they've tortured him. And he's like, for the last time it's in the office, it's not out here. So he is like, fuck you. And he cut off his penis and he took it with him. What? So they also kidnapped his roommate's girlfriend. So imagine this, she's along for the ride. Basically. They didn't torture her. So in the middle of the Mojave Desert, they dump her out, they're still bound, they throw a knife down and they're like, if you can cut your way out, you might be able to get out. If you can't, you can just fucking die. So the van drives off. So she manages to get this blindfold off and sees lights off in the distance.


And she's in her pajamas and goes running through the California desert. First car she sees is an off-duty sheriff's deputy going to work. Oh my God. And so they're able to get to him before he dies and now the search is on. And so long story short, our mastermind fled back to Iran where he was originally from. And he grew up in California, a California kid, but he still had citizenship and he still had family back there. We don't have a great extradition policy with Iran as I can remember. Yeah. They're not real big on that. Which is A. Huge problem. So we've got the mastermind of this thing. We wound up, and this is kind of cool, they do a canvas of the scene. So canvas is just when the cops go and knock on doors. Right. So they knock on a door. You're old enough to remember it. Bewitched, you're too younger. Witched. Monica Witched.


Yes. This is Travis. Always looking out, knows no's. 59 years old, do you believe? Look how good she looks. They've got a neighbor and you never get anything on a canvas. It's when you're out of Lee's, it's a due diligence thing. But she's like, as a matter of fact, I did see something, I saw these boys, it looked like two went up on a ladder into the house with the kidnapping happened. But I didn't see them come out. They were wearing hard hats that looked too clean to be real. And the cops are like, please tell us. You can describe the truck. And she's like, well would the license plate due? She wrote down the plate number. And of all the brilliance and all the planning that went into this, we had a really smart psychopath guy. And you had helpers and one of the helpers was a stone. This Is why you can't do everything yourself.


Right. Yeah. That's why you gonna kidnap, you kidnap somebody doing yourself because someone's penis off. You better be doing the whole thing. Yeah. So anyway, he used his own truck for that event. So we catch one of 'em, the other guy flees to Iran and we get pretty much everybody else, including the wife of the mastermind. So we've got her, she was in law school at the time. Oh my God. And now the game became, can we lure the guy out of Iran? It was one of the coolest things I ever got to do as a da. So we flipped her to help us lure him into the Czech Republic. And I still can't believe it worked, but we threw a net on him, the Czech border police. And that was a A case where the FI were heroes. So the former Soviet Yeah, yeah. Countries absolutely will extradite to the US because they actually trust our legal system.


The UK is terrible. France is even worse. Spain not so good. Oh Really? Surprisingly so, but yep. Oh wow. Pain in the ass to get anybody outta those countries. Wow. So we could pick any country in the world. The checks, we get him here, extradition is successful. We put handcuffs on him in New York, transport him back, we're preparing for trial. And he frigging escapes from the Orange County Jail with two guys that were in there for murder and they were on the loose. You read headlines about this back in the day. You don't remember, but oh the fuck, for a week they're out. Oh, you Got this guy out of Iran. Now you've lost him I don't know how present you were at whatever girlfriend's birthday it was happening that week. But I'm sure you were not fucking thinking about, I was not popular either. He's Out and he left my photo on his bunk along with my trial partner, Heather Brown, who I love to death.


And it was escape from Alcatraz. They tunneled out through these plumbing tunnels behind repelled off the roof. Literally something out of a movie. Oh yeah. God leaves my photo on his bunk. And Iran, a lot of people dunno this have pretty warm diplomatic relations with Mexico. 'cause they're both OPEC countries. Mm. And they have a full blown embassy in Tijuana, like about 15 minutes from the border. Oh geez. So all he has to do is head south. So I'm convinced the guy, we spent a year outsmarting, Oh my god. That we got outsmarted by and instead, for whatever reason, he went north. And so we got him in San Francisco. A week later, they recaptured him. That was was my last trial as a prosecutor. And he took the stand. And that was my final question to him was, dude, tell us why couldn't you just leave it there and give the poor guy a chance that it would be reattached?


And You asked that grapher that question, and he Was enraged by that question. I mean, he was so pissed. Which is the goal, you want the violent guys to flash in front of the jury. Oh, yeah. Which allowed me to argue in the end, ladies and gentlemen, I asked him something he didn't like, and his answer was, you are done personally. You're done. You're done. You got A movie moment out of it. I have a movie moment out of it. You can't Handle the truth, you're gone. It, I feel great. And then the beauty is you connect that to closing where it's like, ladies and gentlemen, think about this. In between you, a group of people who are deciding his fate, a superior court judge, and in a courtroom full of armed guards and bailiffs, he, He couldn't handle it. Threatens To kill me.


Yeah. Or whatever you're done means. Imagine what he's like in the back of a van when he's not getting the million bucks that he thought was buried out there. Oh, Nuts. Yeah. So Hussein nai, wow. Yeah. Did he ever say what he did with the penis? Did he Lorraine bob it and chuck it out the window of the van? One of the three guys in the van, and he said he threw it out the window. Down the road. Now I called him to testify, but it was one of the co-conspirators. Weird. Yeah. What does one do if they're walking down the side of the road and they see a penis there? I mean, immediately you should call the authorities. Right? No one misplaces them intentionally. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Matt Murphy, this was awesome. The Book of Murder, A prosecutor's journey through Love and Death. There are a dozen of those stories in there as well as your own.


What else I want to add about it is, it's a great education on a district attorney's job. You learn a lot about jurisprudence while you're hearing about all these crazy cases. Hopefully An interesting way for the reader, the audible's doing really well. I narrated it myself. Learned. I write in tongue twisters. Thank, but thank you for saying that. Yeah. So everyone check out The Book of Murder, and I look forward to your next book. This has been incredible. Thank you so much fun. Thank you guys. I really did. All right. Good. I sir. Hope there weren't any mistakes in that episode, but we'll find out. When my mom, Mrs. Monica comes in and tells us what was wrong, just real quick. What if I was, people do this, some people wear sunglasses inside Anna Wintour.


Yeah. So you might Like It. What if I wore sunglasses? I Don't like not being able to see your eyes. Yeah. It's a bad look for me. But just what if, try to wrap your head around the fact that I'm the type of guy that, like, I'm always wearing my shades, you know? I'll catch up. I'll be the dude in my shade. I'm always in my shades. I should have worn my leather. This is tricky. Okay. This is A deep. This can change exactly how you feel about somebody. Right. This little ACC mall, You putting that on is gonna change your whole personality. Right, right, right. So what do I do if I hate your new personality, but I love you. What ha What happens? What happens? Yeah. I mean, really, like, people do change over time. Well also re remember my uncle, he had had that procedure for his epilepsy.


Oh my God. Where they told, they warned he and his wife. Like he may have a radical shift in his personality that was on the table. Yeah. It's an interesting question. Do you have a friend though that had a, like, do you think a radical shift in their personality? Because I could be that friend to some degree from where I grew up To those people. Yeah. That's Interesting. And while this guy's like, he's sober and he he's liberal, Do you think your personality's changed? Because those are just, those aren't, to me, personality things. They are, we might confuse them as personality things, but those are like some beliefs and some just ways of walking through the world. Yeah.


And I imagine you have a bi I have a bias where it's like, I think I'm aware of the things I've gotten better at and I'm not necessarily sure which ones I've gotten worse at. Yeah. So I think a lot of people that were friends with me in my early twenties, like they got me, but I would alienate certain people or I was too provocative or I'd get drunk and, and then I think a lot of my friends were often having to apologize for my who I was to their friends that didn't know me. I think it was a little too much for some people. So of course I would chalk that up as like, well now I'm, I'm, I'm better. Right. Calm down A bit. But maybe some people would be like, he's boring now. I I like the guy that was a little too a little crazy.


Right. This guy's a a fucking yawn fest. Now I just thought of an idea for a furniture line called, what word did I just say? Yawn Fest. You wanna do yarn Fest? I want to do yarn furniture, like lawn furniture. Oh. But it's comfy furniture for taking a nap in. I like, that's called yarn furniture. Is it still for outside? I think it should be. Sure. I feel like you must be in a really good mood today because you have your hair up and you have a bow in. And that to me is usually a, a cue. Wow. Like, you got up this morning and you're like, I feel pretty good. I'm gonna do a thing. And, and now here it is. That's a great guess. That's not what happened. Okay. I put my hair, I, I just grabbed the first clip I saw and put my hair up to do my makeup.


Yes. And then when I was done with my makeup, I was about to take it down and I thought, oh, I'll just leave my clip in. It Landed right. It landed Right. It's hard to, Sometimes you just get lucky. Right. It's hit or miss. Throw it up and then you pull off an orna. Exactly. Yeah. I should have taken one day accidental perfection. That's right. Okay. So I guess You don't really wanna talk too much about personalities. No. I love talking about personalities. Do you think you've changed a lot? Yeah. Yeah. I did a pod, I did a awesome podcast yesterday called She Pivots. Okay, great. It was really fun. Awesome host Emily Sussman. And she asked me, well, my personality was like, as a kid, like, was I, I must have been very wanting a lot of center of a attention.


Yes. Because I went into entertainment. Yeah. And could not be further from the, I was so shy. You were shy, So shy. But you always made a lot of friends. So that's a little, I did make friends. I did it in, but quietly and slowly. Right. I did it in the way I still make friends. Like I'm not at a party out Taking huge swings like me, me Taking make swings, making Yeah. Loud noises and like Drawing attention. I'm not drawing attention. You know, I hate that. Right. I hate Ian's participation. And like Jess is very like you. Right? Yeah. Here I am. Yeah. Yeah. And I love that. Like, I, I, I do joke with him though that I, the first time I ever met him ever was at one of the Hansen Christmas parties and he was like, had his like shirt off or something and was doing a dance.


I think those, those heightened events could bring out an even heightened version of himself. So, And I was like, This guy's dangerous. I'm scared of that person. Yeah. I'm not, but I, I want distance from that person. Yep. And I think that's what a lot of people's reaction to me was in my twenties. Yeah. Well and that's so funny because I obviously have a pattern of thinking like, ah, I'm, I'm scared of that. I don't want that near me. And then I, I always find my way towards those people. Moths Of the flame Germany. Opposites of attract. Yeah. Laws of attraction. Germany, remember I read that fascinating article about how they're like, they're so buttoned up and responsible and yet they keep, they get drawn to the chaos.


Mixed Messies, inexplicable. One Of our old school go-tos, our Tropes. Anyway, so I used to be very shy. Yeah. And I am not shy anymore. Oh, congratulations. But no one would, I can't imagine anyone would miss your shyness. Ooh, that's a great que my mom probably misses it because I was probably nicer. I know what you're about to say. And I I don't think you've ever been shy to your mom. Well, no I wasn't, but I was stuck to her hip. Okay. Like Well. that would've been nice. Yeah. Like a little monkey. Yeah. But actually this was probably a lesson for her. She probably didn't like that. She was probably like, can you like go away? No, she never said that to me. But she was probably like, I need some space. I've been working all day.


And then there's this kid here. Yes. Stuck glued to me. Glued. Oh That's sweet. Yeah. You were, you were glued to Normally. Yeah. Oh well, mainly in public. Okay. Because I didn't, you kind of hide behind her body the way kids do. I guess she, she would describe it as, yeah. It was like always kind of glued to her. My cousins, Mandy and Kelly, who are the funnest people on planet Earth, you, you'll remember they visited not too long ago. And we had the very, very fun blast. Mandy is the younger sister and she as same personality I do. Right. Look at me. And then Kelly, who's my exact age, was very, very shy. And she would just move through the world hiding behind Mandy at all times.


Which she was much bigger. Yeah. But I have such a clear image in my head of anytime we would leave our little bubble and be at a Kmart or a thing, Kelly would be behind Mandy. Yes. Like go ahead. Do you do, do all this stuff I don't wanna do for us. Interesting. Yeah. It's a, again, maybe a birth order thing. Oh my God, you would've loved this. So the update no one's asking for is, I went to the dentist. Oh right. And my hygienist was five Xs into astrology as you are. Wow. And she was really mad that you hadn't told me what my rising was. But I I've Asked you. I said I think she has, I think she made me take a test to find out my rising.


That's right. But I forgot it. I only remember Capricorn, but she was a Capricorn. But she had like five. And this is the thing about you guys that are really into it. All of a sudden you have like all the signs. 'cause she's like, I'm such and such rising and I'm this waning and I'm blah. And I'm like, well you've got now a fourth of the signs. Yeah. No it's Real. I loved her by the way. Very fun hygienist. Great. She was swearing and stuff, which I love. That's Fun. And of course I asked her 'cause it had been almost to the day, seven years since I had been there last time. Sure. Yeah. And she was like, whoa. Seven years. I go, no, and I'm gonna ask you to do something that's really maybe even impossible to do. 'cause you already know the seven years. But I'm gonna ask you to pretend you don't know that.


And objectively assess my mouth to see how long you think it's been. 'cause this is what I asked last time I was here and this is when she started swearing. She was like, oh my god, shit. Yeah, you're just genetically lucky you don't have any tartar. She's like, you have no tartar. And you know what she told me, which I find really fascinating is remember my calcium heart score, which I brag about all the time. Yeah. You do a lot of bragging. I do a lot of bragging. It's unbecoming of a gentleman. Do You think that's a personality change? Or has that always been there? Well, No. In fact when you, what I was gonna say, the grody part of myself that I think is diminished is I used to, if not directly brag, I was really trying to brag all the time.


Okay. So that's gone down. It's gone down. That's good. And even now, there's a zone of things I'll brag about and there are things that I should be in trouble for, but I'm not. So that's the brag. So my calcium score, I was terrified to get it. 'cause of my diet is Sure. Meat. And so I was so relieved and delighted that it was zero. Yeah. Similarly, I haven't been to the dentist in seven years. I've been one time in 17 years. That's disgusting Because it was 10 years before the last trip. I know. It's foul. Everyone is throwing up their tuna sandwich in their car right now. I am bragging about it. And then here's my other justification because this is what I told her. She's like, yeah, some people genetically are lucky they don't build up a lot of tartar and that's you.


And I said, I'm gonna take it. 'cause I have some other genetic stuff that's like psoriatic arthritis and stuff. Sure. So these things that I have that are just blessings from above. Yeah. My Teeth. We all have a grab bag. Yes. I what a great genetic lottery I hit with my teeth. Yeah. That's nice. I'm really lucky. 'cause I hate going, Speaking of bragging. Yeah. Something that you've bragged about recently that I've been excited to bring up. So the cognitive test. Oh yes, yes, yes. I, I have, it's now it's your turn in the catbird seat. But there was a huge revelation that happened. I got my test results back hour and a half long with Dr.


Richard Isaacson. Fascinating, fascinating. All the cholesterol stuff, you know, I started my stat and I told you that. Oh right, right. All the cholesterol stuff, all the other stuff turns out minus the cholesterol, which is really, really, really bad. But we're working on it. Everything's tip top. Wonderful. Yeah, That's great. Everything's great. My liver's great. Which I was worried about. Yeah. I would be too. Yeah. But it's fine. So I can keep powering through. You're built for It. Then the cognitive test results. And of course I was very anxious about this part of it. Yeah. You thought you'd convinced yourself you did bad. Yeah. Even during it, I I think I said on here, I said, this is very, very humbling. And she said, I had had people walk out and we got, you know, and I was like, yeah, this is really bad.


I did. I'm doing horribly. I'm doing horribly. And then when he And what I didn't even realize we, we were taking an IQ test. I didn't realize that. Were we? Yes. The the number is an IQ score. It is. Because there was none of the fun riddles that I love from Test. Maybe the kid ones may be different. No, no. A standard like to get into Mensa IQ test has a ton of computation and long form pattern recognition and prediction. Well, this is pattern we, there was a lot of pattern or no, maybe not pattern recognition. There was identifying, but there was no predict. It's not like they would go a DH what's the next letter?


I love those. That's True. Okay, well, whatever. Anyway. Right. It is what it is. Okay. So so was an IQ tab. Yeah. Why didn't he give us an actual number? Did he give you a number? He did. Did he give you a number? That's my whole thing. Okay. Okay. So he said cognitive tests, don't worry. Your cholesterol hasn't affected your brain yet. Or what if you were even smarter. It has. Okay, well we'll get to that. So he said hasn't affected your brain yet. You did. Fantastic. The guy you know, who evaluates it said words like superior excellence. Wow. So I was just so relieved at this. Yes, of course.


And he said, you did a teeny bit better than your co-host. And I said, yes. This is so exciting. He's been bragging so much. Yes, yes. And he said, well actually I don't have the numbers. One of you did a little bit better. I was like, ah, Okay. Okay. So one of us did a lot Better. And I said, oh man. Well if, if it was him, I think this is because of the seahorse and racism. Sure. And there was an Indian man also on the call and I was asking him about seahorses. He also was very hazy. Really? Yeah. He was like, sea monkey is, Wait, that was, you had two people on your call. I had like eight people on my call. Why did I only have one I? think I am a very interesting case. Oh wow. They brought in notes. He Didn't say, I have an interesting case.


Okay. Okay. So anyway, while I was commiserating with the Indian man Yeah. On seahorse Sea monkeys, he, Dr. Isaacson told Holly to pull up the A, our actual numbers. Okay. And when he was doing it, he goes, oh my God, are you serious? It took his breath away. Holly, are you serious? Is this, is this real? We scored the exact same score. Oh My. What could Be to the 10th of a point. Oh my god. Nothing could be better. Nothing. No one's hurt feelings. I know. Yeah. I think my dad did that for us. And obviously we both definitely scored differently in parts.


But it all added up to the, That's kind of crazy Exact same number because Again, there's all these columns of intelligence and some of them I know I did terrible on. So the fact that like our terrible things evened out to be the same. It's crazy. So they give you an IQ score? Yeah, we cut it out, but I won't. Yeah, I'll, I wrote it down, but now I forget it. But hold on. I, I sent it to Eric. I still don't think it's an IQ test, but I'm gonna, unless it's great. Then I'm gonna say it's a really good IQ test. Do you know what I'm saying though? Where you have to get those really good Riles? I know. This is an IQ Test. Okay. Sorry. Felt like a memory test. Okay. Oh my god. Okay. The, our number is First before you tell me, have you taken a bunch of IQ tests?


I've taken a bunch. So I told my mom the number. Yeah. And my dad, I was like, good news is my brain is doing well. This, you know what I, whatever. I explained the whole thing and I was like, this is my score. And my dad was like, yay. That's great. And my mom was like, well when you, you were five, you got five points higher than that. Or Seven when I was seven. Okay. So I was like, okay, well she's keeping me humble, you know? Yeah. Wait, where? Hold on, hold on, hold on. Yeah. I reject that. I'm not trying to make you mad.


This is my own self-preservation. That was your score. Okay. I Don't know what to tell you. That's lower than I want. Yeah. And actually this is, I wasn't gonna say this, but now I'm gonna say this. Okay. Based on my reaction. Your reaction. Okay. To me it's so telling about men and women. Okay. Because I'm taking this test and I'm like, I'm fucking this up. I'm doing so badly. Oh right. I, oh my God, this is so embarrassing. I'm stupid. The self-doubt. Yeah. And then my score is Exemplary High and I think men don't do that as much.


Or let's take you who ended up with the exact same score as me? Okay. This is A great comp. 'cause after we talked, you know, we talked after your test and you didn't think that I didn't, I mean, you weren't like I did amazing. But you weren't, I wasn't remember there were quite a few that I thought I did bad on. I don't think I was like overly bullish about it. I think, I thought. I definitely nailed a few things. That f thing, you know, I bragged about that. Right? Yeah. You did some bragging. Yeah. Before You got your score. I didn't feel like you For sure. Yeah. On the spectrum. I didn't feel like you Yeah. Uhuh. So I just think it's an interesting takeaway. Yeah. Of how doubt, Doubt and Confidence how men and women walk through the world and when they're put through tests, like what is happening in their brains.


I'm teaming with testosterone, which like is the chemical that convinces you, you can do things you can't. Right. And it's just funny. Yeah. I'll say My brain was more you what you were thinking, Monica, after I took the Test Right. As a comp, we got the same score. Which is why I can say that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because I, I didn't do poorly. Right. And yet you thought you did. Yeah. Yeah. And I wish I could do these things with more confidence. Right. Like borrow some of of that feeling. I wonder like if we dug into it, what's under that? You know, is it for you that being smart is, is A very defining characteristic And so here's this thing that has the potential to destroy your identity.


I'm just throwing something out. This isn't what I think per se, but I'm just like spit balling Now. Is it that the stakes were higher for you? Whereas for me it's like, well I know I'm gonna tank a lot of this and I don't, You don't. In fact, that's what our just fight just now was. You're like, I reject that number. I'm higher than that. Well, because I've gotten better scores than that. And so of course I'm gonna believe the one that made me seem the smartest. That's like my self-interest. Yeah. So you don't have what you're saying, you have, you think you're, you think you believe, Think you're right. That's a paradox. Yeah. It's a paradox. Yeah. I don't know. I don't Know. I think also like wom, a lot of girls are told like, oh, like girls don't score as high on tests or girls aren't good at math or girls aren't X, y, and z.


Right. Still. And so yeah, I don't, I am in there thinking like, well I ha I, I mean it's all subconscious, but it's like, yeah, I can't be very good at this. Yeah. And to be interesting to know what young girls now, because Yeah. When you grew up, the admission rate for men in STEM at universities was still in the eighties probably. Right. But now it's completely flipped. So now like two thirds of girls are getting into college and only one third of boys or whatever the number is pretty, yeah. Just crazy now. Yeah. Hmm. I watched the, I guess it was a holiday concert. Oh. Last night at Lincoln School. Oh, nice.


And as you would expect, lots of bawling. Yeah. I'm watching all these little girls. Yeah. It's all girls school. So cute. And they're singing and it's so beautiful. Yeah. And I'm crying. Yep. And then I look at Krista at one point and I go, you know, daughters are really the best thing this planet has to offer. They're the best thing that this planet has to offer is little daughters. Yeah. Fuck me. They're all, I was looking at all of 'em. They're so cute and sweet. Oh yeah. Gotta protect 'em. Yeah. Oh man, it was so touching.


I was also tripping the fuck out that I have a daughter in a Catholic school outfit. Like I in a bazillion years. That is so funny. That is not what my fantasy of having kids was. Yeah, I know. Yeah. It was, it was great. That's sweet. Do you think a lot of men feel that way About daughters? I think a lot of men want to have a son. And I could spitball for an hour on why that is just historically what that has meant until recently. But the second you have a daughter, every man I know that has daughters. Right. The first thing we say to each other is like, aren't we so fucking lucky? Yeah. Like we got so lucky that we have these girls.


And you know that study that just came out that it adds like 1.5 years to your life per daughter you have And it's cumulative. Yeah. It does something very good for us. Stay tuned for more armchair expert If you dare. Okay. This is great because people may remember a while back, you and I have debated, which is better, acetaminophen or ibuprofen. We sure have. So I, for me particularly headaches, I gotta go Tylenol. Yep. But I do like Motrin for muscle pain. I like Motrin. Yeah. You won't even play. I Play What about for headaches though? I mean I'm Motrin, you're Team Motrin.


Listen To this. I'm just team Motrin. Stop trying to make me who I'm not The gods have intervened and we have a perfect solution. Motrin and Tylenol have finally settled the great debate by teaming up and introducing Motrin dual action with Tylenol. Oh, they did this for us to save our relationship. I think they may have. Why just use one when you can have both the pain targeting strength of Motrin united with the pain blocking power of Tylenol. Ibuprofen is the active ingredient. Motrin and acetaminophen is the active ingredient in Tylenol. Motrin plus Tylenol brands provide over a hundred years of combined pain relief experience in one product. Whatever your needs, Tylenol and Motrin are here to help fast acting, long lasting by Tylenol, Motrin, and Motrin.


Dual action with Tylenol on Amazon or at a store near you. Use product only as directed. Tell me, makes you love your dad. No, I mean I love my dad. Yeah. But no, it's Like. It makes me so happy to hear that. And yet, And then you have a disconnect. I have a disconnect. Why do we stop caring about women after a certain, like really, I mean, yeah. Not to be political, but women, I'm gonna say for me just took a big hit and from men and women, right?


Oh yeah. Yeah. So that is so curious to me how we can like look at these be be so proud of our daughters and you know, want the best for them. And I believe that, I believe that, I believe that most people want the best for their children and half of their children are girls. Yeah. To me there's just like a hypocrisy, not you obviously. Yeah. But there's a hypocrisy where it's like, oh, I gotta protect my family and I gotta, and then you don't. Yeah. But, and this is where you and I often disagree, which is like, yes, if your conclusion is that it was an opportunity to vote for women and that was the thing that drove your voting, then it's very disheartening.


But Oh, but I mean more just Well that too, but also just rights. But I, I personally think that it wasn't a vote on women as much as maybe it should have been and I voted that way. But if I just look at the exit polls, that's not what people were saying was their concern. That's My point. That's actually my point is it was not their concern, But let's just be as generous as we can. If you are somebody who is having an impossible time feeding your family in your conclusion right or wrong is that it's because of the left. Well, feeding everyone and keeping everyone safe would trump other things. It's like first order of business is like food, shelter, and water.


Yeah. Once we have that, of course then of course we move on to these other things. So it could be that they very much want those. Well we know 70% of the country wants those rights for women. But they may have said to themselves, but I, I am more scared about my income currently and that's gotta be what I'm gonna vote to. Well, and then we can disagree on what the best route to That is to those people who truly are like, well again, I, yeah, I I think there's some misinformation about what would help those people. Sure. But they, to those people who really, they're in like, I can't put food on the table.


I'm not, I have no judgment of those people. I, I, I don't. Right. That's a very specific situation. I am not talking about that group. And it's, you know, tens of millions of people. Yeah. It's, but there's a huge percentage of people that, that did not vote for women's rights, that do not have trouble putting food on the table and chose to still just like in my, again, the most generous thing I can say is chose to pick their tax dollars over women's rights.


And that is, there is just, to me there's a, there's a disconnect between the way we think about young girls and then what happens. Yeah. Overall it's Just interesting. I think people just triage their priorities, you know? I think Yeah. It's, and then, and then, and for you, which is totally understandable, that's, that's number one for you on all the issues that were being voted on, was that was the number one one. And there's some other stuff you totally care about that went to number two. And if, Well, everything I cared about unfor like, not, not unfortunately, but was belonged to one party. Sure, sure. So I didn't, so didn't have to make big Sacrifices. But let's put it this way, I do believe if you had virtually two centrist candidates on the right and the left and the, and on the right they were pro reproductive rights and on the left they were anti and they wanted to extend, I think you would've flopped.


You would've A hundred percent. I would've. Right. So I do think it was in the same way that for the people that were are pro-life, that that, that one always trumps all the other ones. I think we often have certain issues that trump a lot of other stuff we care about. Yeah. Just bums me out. I can feel, I can really feel it. I don't know if you can sense this too, but I've been around a lot of women lately. Yeah. And like everyone's in a tough spot. Yeah. I I feel it. Yeah. It's, it's, it's like, Well I talked to my ex-girlfriend Carrie. Yeah. I sent you the text. Yeah. Then I FaceTimed her and we haven't had a FaceTime.


Like we just check in with each other once every few months and or she'll send me a song she likes or I'll send her a song. But we had a full like hour and a half FaceTime to talk about this, all these issues. Yeah. Yeah. She doesn't need that from me normally. Like that's not something she's not reaching out to me to go like, how are you not freaking out? Kind of a situation. Right. You know, and so Yeah. I can see in, I can see. I see it. Yeah. You know, you brought this up and I think it's right that a lot of men, young boy, young men feel un not seen or not spoken to. And, and, and I really, I guess I'm just to our male listeners who are in a position of influence at all, it's on, it's on you, not you, but you as a group to help these men.


It's, if I don't think it's on women to do it, Is that on the, is that on women, it's on the party. The party has to have a plan for Yeah, but I'm, I'm saying the way to change the, the seed, the culture, it happens from within. And we had Sharon on and she was like, it's not that, it's not the government that's gonna come in on a white horse. Oh right, right. And change people's opinions with a scroll and change. Exactly. It comes from within. Right. And I was also thinking about this, speaking of daughters and fathers ela, where my parents are from is A very matriarchal society because originally it was the, the wealth was passed down through the female Yeah.


Matri local. So there isn't this like, because I was like, why is it, I'm like, why doesn't my dad have this? And even my grandfather who was much, you know, of a old generation. Yeah. Yeah. He didn't have that at all. Right. And I was like, what is it? And I was like, oh, it's not that they're like special. They didn't grow up in a patriarchal environment. Yeah. And it's, it's for everyone to start moving more away from that. Well so much of it too is just, you're kind of a product of your environment. And as you know, Keith Payne said it's like, yes, we all believe we've thought through all the issues and come to the best conclusion, but it isn't suspicious.


I can predict 90% totally what your conclusion's gonna be. I think that's relevant. And so like I don't deserve applause. 'cause I'm an a feminist. I was raised by a force of nature woman and there was no dad around. I was seeing no lowered status. I just am the lucky beneficiary of having grown up with a gangster mom. Yeah. And I was just on a trip with a dude who's also only dated and is now married to gangster women. And I said to him, was your mom must be a gangster. Was she? And he's like, oh yeah. She's like the ultimate gangster. And it's just like, yeah, that boy is the beneficiary of that. And I was the beneficiary of that. And that's just, we got lucky.


You know, he was born into a house with this. You got lucky. But also there's societal things that make it harder or easier. Like when there's equal pay, it's easier to grow up in a household where your parents are equal. Yeah. You know, there's, that's what these systemic things are about change. You know, that's why we have to change some of these things. 'cause it it, you're absolutely right. It's what you literally are born into. Also, some people dispute this data, but let's just say for one second, it's true that, that men will date laterally and below them and that women date laterally financially above them. Yeah. Or even like status wise, educational attainment, these different metrics, right. But on social dating platforms that it's really pretty staggering.


And I was like, why is that? Right? Why is that? And what occurred to me is like, oh yeah. For a guy who grew up in the eighties, his dad worked and the mom didn't work or make money and probably didn't go to college and have a degree. So like his, the primary love in a boy's life was this woman who probably had less status than the man in on the scene. Yeah. So of course that makes sense. Whereas if you're a girl, dad had more status and money and power than mom and you're trying to marry dad. So like boys are trying to marry mom and girls are trying to marry dad.


So of course this pattern exists. That's exactly what you saw growing up, maybe For a large swath. But for a woman who has a level of success, a certain level has hit a certain level of success. I, I don't think that's, they're not looking for someone with more that's hard. Like, oh yeah, that's really rare and hard to find. But like a lot of women would not want to death. I'm, these are air quotes, a deadbeat boyfriend, but there's so many rich dudes that are happy to have a wife who's never done anything but look gorgeous. Right. That's weird to me. Like what, why is, why, how could that be? Why is that like not triggering for a guy? And that would be hugely triggering for a woman.


Most Of the people in my life are with partners that are a hundred percent on par Comparable. Right. They're, they're all working. They're all working and make around the same amount of money. I guess my conclusion's hopeful for me, which is like, oh, well as this primary structure evolves, perhaps the baggage of both those things will go away. Like I think there's very much product of like fifties, sixties, seventies, eighties family structure. But it more and more and more people have either a mom who makes the same as dad or more, or I know a ton of people here, which I didn't exist in Michigan in the eighties.


There was no stay at home dads. I never met a single kid whose dad stayed at home. And, but here, I don't know what the percentage is, but I, all the time I'm meeting men at school who that's what they do. Yeah. So conceivably their daughters aren't gonna think that a guy who, you know, that that's, that would never be an issue for them. Because the other, the other conclusion is that it is just so bleak. Like there's the kind of, you know, Scott Galloway, who I love so much of what he says, his is pretty bleak, right. Where this is just gonna get exacerbated. 'cause less and less men are going to college. So less and less men are even gonna achieve something laterally significant or above. So it's just gonna continue to self perpetuate, which I can see that's a very defendable position.


But I'm, I'm hopeful that as people's role models and parents evolve Yeah. That they'll just, it'll maybe take care of itself. But why, what's his take on like, why it would self perpetual? Why can't men get themselves to college anymore? Well, they're being outperformed by girls very simply. They're, they're, they're getting, you know, now that the reins are off of girls and the shackles are off of girls, well lo and behold, they perform better. They, they, they test better. You know, they're, they're more mature. There's all these things that would, But it's I don't think it's that. Like I don't think the stat is that boys are getting rejected from college.


It's that they're not going No. Well in these elite schools with hard emissions, way more boys are applying than are getting in. Yeah. And but metrically girls are doing much better. They're getting in at a much higher rate. Yeah. But I, I mean we, I guess that's an outlier, right? Like trying to get into an Ivy League school, I mean, just a regular public college institution there, there's no reason other than from within that group that they shouldn't be able to go. Like that's what I, what is happening. But they can't compete. But What if though they, what if they can't compete?


Well I think there, there literally would be affirmative action for men. Like if, if I think that if 90% of women, if it was like every school is turning into 95%, they're becoming based on five 'cause of merit. Yeah. Malcolm was saying, yeah. Like yeah, that two lane is becoming a exactly. A women's only college. But, and then, then that gets into is but then why because is it then draw more women and draw less men? You know, that whole thing, whatever. There's so many factors to it. But there would definitely be fixes for that. Currently. I don't, I just don't know why they Can't go. Well how about just anecdotally, your high school experience and I'll say my high school experience.


So on average, girls were much better students than the boys. Like the boys were highly distracting. You know, they were distracting in class. I was one of them. Yeah. And I think the only reason they weren't before blasting boys outta the water is that they didn't apply or they weren't expected to do that or they weren't Yeah. Encouraged to do it. Exactly. Or they were discouraged to do it. But like once that, I think once that like when everyone's aims were the same, I'm not shocked they've blasted by boys just from sitting in classes my whole life. Right, Right. Boys were kinda, you couldn't get 'em to fucking settle down for 10 minutes. Yeah. I don't know what's happening there.


Right. Physiologically, but I'm not shocked that now that the governor's off girls that they're doing better. I, that doesn't shock me at all. Well it's Not shocking to me that they're doing better, but that it doesn't explain to me why men are just dropping off the map. I think what men are feeling is, we made a very specific decision about 30 years ago where we said, okay, our economy is transitioning from a manufacturing economy to a brain economy and we're gonna invent stuff and we're gonna administrate and we're gonna do all this stuff. And then, so NAFTA's a very appealing policy 'cause we're not gonna be manufacturing anymore. It'd be better to get cheap labor in Mexico. And a lot of, a lot of decisions were made to pursue that goal of a brain economy and we have the results.


So I think at least when I was going to high school, in fact, I can tell you my, I told I I, a month or two ago, I said I reconnected with him. Joey Riccardi. Joey Riccardi wasn't a good student. His dad was a bricklayer. He had a work ethic. Like no one's business. He owns this incredible excavation company now and he's done incredibly well. Yeah. He could have never, he was not gonna go to college. Yeah. There used to be a lot more avenues like that. The trades. The trades were bigger. The trade, you know, manufacture, I'm from Detroit, like most people went into manufacturing. Yeah. And they had great lives and they had ski boats and you know, so that is really fallen out. So that's a real issue. It is A real issue.


Yeah. But in the same way that when we talk about AI here and if, and if I say like, well I think we should put regulations. And you're like, well we can't because we have to compete with these other countries, they're not gonna stop's. Exact Same. And I say that not 'cause I don't agree with you. I say that because I think I'm working backwards from a reality I don't think, no, I think we should do that. Yes. So I'm making the same equivalence here. Like if we, if we said we're not gonna be a brain economy, how the fuck are we gonna compete with China and India and these other countries that are full brain economies. But luckily we have some models. So it's like Germany's doing both things. Germany is leading in tech and in engineering and yet they also have this huge manufacturing base.


You know, I don't Think they're leading in tech of the best. Germany isn't leading in tech. Okay. They're very, they're a very high tech civilization. Yeah. And they have a, their own stock market that's, you know, they, they have all the things we have. They're kind of winning on both fronts and they have a, they've made a lot of legislative decisions that these skilled la a when you're in school, they drive you if you're a boy to a vocational school. Yeah. I think that's very smart. And you pick up an actual trade there that you will make $45 an hour. Like you'll be a middle class. Yeah. Whether they're unionized or not, they just culturally Yeah. I think because we have at least a model of it where it works. Where you can have both things.


You can have a brain economy and a manufacturing economy. I think we need to do a lot better. I do too. But so that, that's sort of, how do we get those people to hear? 'cause this is the truth. The, the, the party that wants to do that, the party that wants to do free community college to offer v retraining and vocational skills is not the party they're voting for. So I don't know how to get those people to understand that what is in their best interest and this country's best interest of that, of actual training that group to be middle class or above.


And there is an avenue for that. Now look, some of these things are dog whistles. I'll totally agree with you, but it's very simple messaging. It's like 2016 Trump's the only person in American that's like fighting for coal jobs. We're going, we gotta get into green energy. But what else did she say? And so we have to retrain, Hillary said retrain. I heard it so many times. Yeah. Retraining. Retraining. And that's correct. But listen, you can totally disagree with it on an environmental stance. But you had one side saying, we're gonna get into green energy, which is A very high tech energy. It's all happening in Silicon Valley. It's like the solar panel companies, the wind turbine companies.


And then you have oil and gas drilling, which is North Dakota, South Dakota, Minnesota, all these places where dudes are roughnecks and they can go make $60 an hour and nothing they can do solar and wind sounds like they're never, that's never gonna be for them. But coal mining and, and gas and oil, which the right is very in favor of gas and oil and the left's very against gas and oil. You just gotta acknowledge that, that that's a whole sector of jobs that a lot of these guys were gonna have. And they think that once I once to get rid of all those jobs, the last of their high paying jobs, if you can just table the environmental aspect for a second, I understand the appeal that that's not like hard for me to get is one side saying I'm gonna protect all these jobs that the left says are too dirty for the world.


And the other side is saying we're going to green, which is high tech in Silicon Valley. That all makes sense to me. And it's a lot simpler to understand than Then the reality Some something more complicated. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, here we go. So this is for Matt Murphy. Oh this was a fun One. Yeah. The percentage of DNA that we share with chimps, 98.8% Almost our temperature. Mm. That'll be our, my new way of remembering it. Remembering it. Okay, Great. Al blood alcohol levels. His mom was five and 0.08 is the legal limit, so that's really bad. Oh, that's insane. Really, really bad. That's insane. That's insane. Very bad on the Wondery plus episode.


Yeah. We do a little fact check now for the Wondery plus episode. So for the Matt Murphy Wondery plus episode, the facts are a little different than they're the same, but they're different because I have, I found a different fact. Oh wow. You keep going. Yeah, because in that episode I said that he, Kevin Spacey is currently in a play and he's not. He's not. No. Okay. But I guess he's unemployed currently. Well I guess he's set to appear in a movie. Okay. Peter five eight. Okay. And where he got the standing ovation, he, it was at a theater in Oxford, which is why I guess I was confused. It says his first stage appearance since being cleared of sexual assault after performing a brief scene by Shakespeare.


So he just did a scene, little One off. Exactly. He did a five minute scene And that received a standing ovation. I guess so. Alright, so he's not currently in a Play. Okay. There was a standing O last night. Oh, that's nice. Yeah. Do you call it a standing OI used to, yeah. No, you know you're off of it. Am I doing so bean Dorky? I haven't said in a while. Okay. It's a little I love it. Go ahead. It is A little dorky. No, it's fine. Okay. You said 25% of boys are molested ish. And the last time we talked about this I was like, yes. I found that stat. Now that stat's gone, They took it off the internet. Yes. Oh yeah, it's gone. And what's left is one in six, I guess that's this big number.


And then there's a site called one in six.org. Then all these other places are saying one in six. I looked a lot for the other thing and I couldn't find it and I kept finding one in six. One could be data from today and one could be data from the eighties. Like I'm always referencing body keeps a score. Yeah. But, and that stuff was all about the generation in the eighties, But one is data from today and the other's data from last week. Oh no, that's, I don't have an explanation for that, but I could see where from my generation to my kids that it has dropped. Yeah. Also, that's nuts. It's nuts. If you're at a football game, it's terrible and you're looking at those many thousands of people and you're saying one of every six people you see, it's Awful. It's crazy.


Okay. That's more than that have been in a traffic accident. Yeah. I don't know those stats, but, Okay. So are you more likely to be sexually abusive if you were sexually abused? Again, some conflicting info, there's Stop it now.org, which we talked about that basic stopping now.org says, no, you're not more likely to be. There is A study by the NIH among 747 males. The risk of being a perpetrator was positively correlated with reported sexual abuse victim experiences. The overall rate of having been a victim was 35% for perpetrators and 11% for non perpetrators.


Of the 96 females, 43% had been victims, but only one was a perpetrator. A high percentage of male subjects abused in childhood by a female relative became perpetrators. Having been a victim was a strong predictor of becoming a perpetrator, as was an index of parental loss in childhood. Hmm. And that is All. Well, I love you. This was fun. Yeah. You rose to the occasion of your bar at Thank you. I rose to the occasion. Yes. It's a rose. Oh it is. Oh my lord. Alright, love you. Love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hello ladies and germs, boys and girls. The Grinch is back again to ruin your Christmas season with tis the Grinch Holiday podcast. After last year, he's learned a thing or two about hosting and he's ready to rant against Christmas cheer and roast his celebrity guests like chestnuts on an open fire. You can listen with the whole family as guest stars like John Ham, Brittany Broski and Danny DeVito. Try to persuade the mean old Grinch that there's a lot to love about the insufferable holiday season. But that's not all. Somebody stole all the children of who v's. Letters to Santa. And everybody thinks the Grinch is responsible. It's a real whoville who done it. Can Cindy, Lou and Max help clear the Grinch's name? Grab your hot cocoa and cozy slippers to find out. Follow tis the Grinch Holiday Podcast on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Unlock weekly Christmas mystery bonus content and listen to every episode ad free by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Spotify or Apple Podcasts.