
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple. Podcasts Or. you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan She and I'm joined by Lily Padman. Hi, let's start at the beginning. Angela Duckworth. Yes. Gave us a few book recommendations. Yes. And one of them was A Brief History of Intelligence Evolution, ai and the Five Breakthroughs that Made Our Brains and I read the book. and I absolutely loved it. And I've actually now read it two and a half times and been talking about it forever. And this is the author, Max Bennett is here. Yes. Max is an entrepreneur, a researcher.


He started a company, Albi an AI company. And he's very tall and very, very charming. He's Very And shockingly and impossibly smart because this isn't really his field. And yet he's really done a masterclass on the evolution of intelligence he Has. It's so fascinating and, and it's also broken down in a very like linear way, which is nice. Yes. To follow The five breakthroughs. So fun. I had so much anxiety walking into this one. 'cause it's a very complex topic. And. It's a very dense book. Yeah. And then he was masterful and wonderful at just walking us through very lay person style. It was great. Yeah. I love him. Please enjoy Max Bennett.


We are supported by Audible. We know you love audio content. Thanks for listening to the show. But if your ears are craving more audio, Audible is the place to go. I probably in true spend more time on Audible than any other place 'cause any other app. Yeah. I'm listening every night for an hour before bed. There's more to imagine when you listen. Whether you're searching for the latest bestsellers and new releases, or you want to catch up on a classic title, you can find it all in the Audible app. And as an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. What Are you listening to now? Well, I'm just finishing the worlds I see by Fei FEI Lee. It's so good in moving and I. Love it so much. I'm, I'm sad it's ending. Now listen, new members can try Audible for free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash dax. Or text Dax to 500. 500.


We are supported by Wayfair. We just got a new Wayfair coffee table. And. we sure did. Filming space and I. Love it. It's beautiful. It's gorgeous. Listen, right now is the best time to shop for everything you need for holiday hosting. And Wayfair is the place to shop for all things home this holiday season. From extra seating for the whole family to festive cookware, cozy bedding, and holiday decor galore. Wayfair helps you make your home way more you at a price that works for you. So whether you're looking for bedding sets for your guest room or kitchen brands you love, gift your home with Wayfair this holiday season. Plus they offer free and easy shipping even on the big stuff. They'll even help you set it up. Wayfair is your one stop holiday shop for everything on your to-do list this season. Head to wayfair.com right now to get your home holiday ready. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home


He's in. Here's the reason that halves are kind of worth it is inevitably for me, I'm six two and a half. Okay. I'll say I am six two and then I'm with another person that's six two and I'm taller. And they go, no, I'm six two and one. You're right. Or I say six three and someone's six three. I'm a little shorter. Yeah. Yeah. So it's a humbler one to, It's just like you kind of gotta own it 'cause Right, right, right. Inevitably someone will disagree with you. Yeah, that's right. How are you my Friend?


I'm good. We already got called out on having a fake book. I'm sorry. What book? Well, I was so excited because Stranger in A Strange Land is an incredible book. It's one of his favorites. And, we just put it there. It's just color coordinated. Well, It's not faking that there's no text inside. Right. I haven't looked I don have no way me. It's, it's fake. That And, we didn't read it. Yeah. Stranger In a Strange Time is your favorite. Yes. Strange Land. Where is it? It's the left to left Left's A pretty red one. What is That? Sci-Fi. It's Sci-fi. Okay. I would believe that for you. Why? What does that mean? Well, you've profiled me correctly. Let's start there. By the way, this is terrible. Oh no. I know. Do you have eight hours? I know? I know. I'm gonna own my total anxiety and terror right now, which is, I've read your book twice.


It's so comprehensive and dense that I was like, yeah, I could go for another. And then in anticipation of this, I'm like, well, I don't really have to research much. I've read this book twice. And then I was like, no, this book's impossible to remember. I gotta go back through it. I have to be honest. 'cause this is what We do here. You are not what I was expecting. Why Were you expecting? Yeah. There's even more than what you're about to say. But continue. They trained me. He's ai. Wow. That makes more sense. No, I knew we were interviewing you. I knew your name. I didn't look you up. and I knew what you wrote the Subject matter. Exactly. And I did know. it was really comprehensive. So I did expect an older Older man.


Yeah, man. A very professorial type. Yeah. Polsky type, But not as playful. I was like, oh, I hope this is animated. And then I walked in, I was like, oh my God, this is gonna be fun. He's a six foot four babe. Exactly. It looks hill. I love Robert Polsky. So I think it's got a great look. Well, Your book's often described as a mix between Sapiens and Behave, which is fair. Although Behave is such its own masterpiece. A hundred Percent incredible. And one thing I think is so inspiring about his work there is he integrated so many different fields. That was absolutely an inspiration for me. He didn't only come from the space of neuroscience, he integrated a ton of psychology, evolutionary psychology into one comprehensive story, which I thought was really beautiful.


Yeah. Just the notion that he himself is an armchair primatologist that is the foremost expert on baboon behavior. Yeah. He is preposterous. That's not even his field. He Lived with baboons for a long time. Yeah. Like he really put his money where his mouth was. Yeah. Okay. So similarly, your book does that. But even knowing a little bit more about this, I still expected to see that you would've had a PhD in neuroscience or perhaps computer science. Not the case. Nope. Let's start at the beginning. New beginning. And let's go through your pretty unimpressive academic background, if I can be honest with you. Oh, I love this. Versus how profound your book is. Yeah. I like this. It makes me like you a lot. Where Do we wanna start? Where did you grow up? I grew Up Upper West Side New York with my mother.


Single mom. Single Mom. Great. Same. A lot of time alone. Reading books by myself. Self-Learning was a very standard part of my upbringing. Siblings, I have two half brothers who I adore And they're younger. Younger. So mom, remarried. Mom, Never remarried. I, don Dunno if I should say this on podcast. I think she's mostly sworn off men. Sure. That's fair. But very happy. She goes on world trips with her cadre of 70-year-old single women. They live the best life. My dad remarried, so I have a stepmom. There we go. I should feel like I should introduce my mom, Laura, to your mom. 'cause she's in that phase of her life too. Too. Great. She's dating a lot. My mom loves dudes. Yeah. She's not sworn off. Yeah. She'll probably be on a date in hospice at some point. Wow. Yeah.


Interesting date. Like your dad, you Know? Yeah. Similar. Yeah. They were match made in heaven. Okay. So Upper West Side. Any stepdads in the mix? No stepdads. Okay. You dodged A big hole. No, no drama there. Now you go to Washington University. It's probably an incredible school. I hadn't known that there was a Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri. Yep. Yep. So how do you find that school? What is that school known for? How do you end up there? So there was a bunch of schools that really interested in me, but what I loved about Wash U is how interdisciplinary it is. Most schools, when you go into an undergraduate program, they force you into a single program. But Wash U lets you take classes across the board. So I started studying physics and then I did some finance, economics, math. So it really lets you try everything, which I loved. But my first job outta school was actually in finance.


Because Your degree was economics and mathematics. Yep. I grew up in New York where you get this bug where you're supposed to be like in finance, be a lawyer, a doctor. I worked in finance for a year and did not like it. Yeah. At Goldman Sachs. At Goldman Sachs. Don't hate me. I left. I can share some funny stories. I'll need to check if I can share this publicly, but I think it's fine. Yeah, yeah. Well you didn't kill anyone there. I Didn't kill anyone. No, there's no deaths. But I should have known that I wasn't a good fit when after the 12 week training program. So they just put you through class for 12 weeks. The first day, Friday was casual Friday. So I was like great casual Friday. And so I showed up in my shorts and a T-shirt and I was like, I'm so excited to have casual Friday. Casual Friday meant no tie. Oh My right.


You went all the way Oh. yeah. You thought it was like it was beach day Friday. I thought it was beach day. I thought it was gonna be casual. I'm gonna meet my new friends. And when I showed up on the desk, they had security just to mess with me, escort me out, put me in an Uber and drop me outta Brooks Brothers and say, come back when you have a suit. Oh, that was day one, Oh. yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I love that they took you to Brooks Brothers. Did they give you a credit card like you? No, no. No. Okay. So you're one year there. What were you actually doing? So I was a trader and I traded Latin American interest rate derivatives. Okay. Great. Latin American interest rate derivatives. Explain That further if you're interested. But I'm gonna guess. No, I kind of just wanna guess, which is it's not even based on playing the interest rate game.


You're not buying and selling their money. There's a product based on when that moves. Exactly. Some other complicated product. Oh man. Yes. The only thing I really know about derivatives, I got weirdly interested in credit default swaps post 2008. Okay, there you go. and I was quite shocked to learn. and I think most people would be that you can basically get an insurance policy on securities that you don't own. That is the premise of a credit default swap that's preposterous. Yep. And the notion that you'd be heavily incentivized to make a company go out of business is also really crazy to me. Yep. Yep. Okay. It's a problem. And, we saw the manifestation of those problems. So The people that they brought in to work on derivatives were A lot of you mathematicians, A lot of 'em have math backgrounds.


Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So you did one year of that. And was it hard to quit because you've kind of gone to where ideally you'd want? It wasn't for me. There's nothing wrong with people who love that at all. I don't wanna disparage that, but I learned a lot about myself, which is I am much more of a collaborative. I like working with the person sitting next to me. I don't want to compete with the person sitting next to me. I'm much more interested in long-term projects where we're working together towards a common goal. And in retrospect, it's silly that I thought I would like being a trader, which is the most cutthroat competitive thing ever. So it just wasn't who I was. And so it was actually quite easy to leave. How about the bro scene? Were you getting invited out to like Rock? Yeah. Yeah, bro. Gross. Yeah.


Yeah, yeah. And that's also, so not me. I mean, I grew up with a single mom. I'm trained to be very averse to that. Cocaine and strip clubs wasn't a natural fit. It wasn't a natural fit for me. No. So When you leave, do you know immediately what you're gonna do? Or do you have a period of trying to figure out what you're going to do? I Didn't know this was gonna be like a whole life story. Oh. yeah. This is great. Oh. yeah. I think we Care about the most. Well, I can tell you why. Okay. and I think Polsky's a great person. My other favorite one is Sam Harris, which is, I think a lot of people know a ton about a lot of things and they're not really curious why that was even appealing to them, or they were driven in that direction. and I find that element to be really important. 'cause I think there's certain concepts that make us feel safe given our own background and childhoods.


And for whatever reason, those are very comforting to us. And then we just pursue them. And so don don't know, I just feel like that should always be a part of, of the recipe of why you would land There. Makes sense. Okay. So I got a job as an unpaid intern at this company called Techstars, which is a startup accelerator. And so I was like the free business help for all these startups going through the program, which was hilarious 'cause I had no business experience. But for whatever reason, they thought I did. and I met these two very close friends of mine now who added me as sort of the third co-founder of this business idea. That's when I got into ai, and that's where I spent nine years of my career. This is Blue Core. This is Blue Core. Blue Core, as I understand it, it uses ai, but in the column of marketing. Yep.


Walk us through how that actually functions. Sort of My whole career in business has been about empowering companies to compete with Amazon. Oh, That's our new mom, And. that is our boss. Okay. But let it rip. you know what? Let's see if we can get into Boston. We're honest here. Yeah. Daddy trouble. Ooh. Our corporate daddy, Amazon has obviously an incredible business and they have an incredible amount of technology to help both with their marketing. So they do incredible job personalizing marketing. The emails they send are based on all of the things that you've done on Amazon. Their recommendations are incredibly intelligent. And so most other brands in retailers did not have that technology.


And is that a two-prong issue? One, you don't have the actual tech two, you don't have the database. Correct. Of all their info. Both of those are problems, which makes the AI problem harder because you need to make an AI system work with less data. And so what Bluecore was all about was how helping brands like Nike, Reebok compete with an Amazon. Isn't It funny to think of Nike as like the underdog, the David and the Lia story? Yeah. And so that was where my original interest in the brain came because when working with machine learning systems, it begets this thing called more OFX paradox. So Hans Vek was a computer scientist who made the following observation, why is it the case that humans are really good at certain things like playing basketball or playing guitar or doing the dishes that is so hard for machines to do.


And yet things that are really hard for humans, like counting numbers really fast, doing arithmetic are so easy for computers. And this is classically called more of X paradox. Like why is that the case? And so that was the beginnings of my interest in the brain. The book starts with the most intriguing premise for me, which is what we're trying to do now in this phase of our technology, is to get these computers to have intelligence that either matches ours or exceeds ours or is similar to ours. But what's really funny is we don't know how our intelligence works. So we're trying to replicate a system that actually we don't really truly know why and how we're intelligent and I think that's really fascinating.


How are you gonna recreate something that you don't actually understand in the first place? So it's just a very intriguing jumping off point. And then you break this story. These are co-evolving narratives. One is the birth of AI and where we're at today. And then one is the birth of the first brain and the first intelligence and the first neurons. And you break it up into five really helpful sections of evolution where these big leaps happened. Was that an intuitive way to frame this? So my original intent was actually never to write a book. I started just by trying to understand how the brain works. The whole book wouldn't exist without a huge dose of being naive, because I thought that I was gonna buy a neuroscience textbook, take a summer and read it, and I'd understand how the brain works.


Sure, Yeah. Yeah. I would've thought that too. It should be that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And after reading a textbook, I just realized, wow, we have no idea how the brain works. So then I bought another textbook, and this process continued for about a year and a half until I had unintentionally sort of self-taught myself neuroscience. And yet I still felt like I had not satisfied the itch of understanding how the brain worked. So that led me to start reaching out to various neuroscientists because I wanted to collaborate with them. And no one would respond to my emails. To your point, lack of impressive academic background. No, I think he should Apologize For that this point. No, not at all. It's true. No, I was expecting Harvard and Stanford and PhDs. It's a very good school. I thought you were gonna say like Arizona State.


Hey, you're on a real run about buying that Arizona State Sun Devil Stadium. Flaky Jakes. No, listen. They have Go-karts. They have a floaty thing around the whole Campus, A lazy river. I think it's okay for us to say that. Anyway. Sorry. So No, No. Sorry to drag you through the mud on her So no one would respond to me. So what I decided to do, 'cause I started coming up with these ideas, which were not based on evolution, actually. My original ideas were trying to reverse engineer this part of the brain called the neocortex, which I can get into 'cause a lot of fascinating things with that. And so I had an idea for a theory of how that might work. So I decided the only way I was gonna get people to respond to me was I'm gonna submit it to a scientific journal because they'll reject it, obviously. Who am I? But they'll have to at least read it to tell me what was wrong with it.


And this is where this whole unlikely journey began, because to my surprise, it actually got accepted. He wrote a theory and it was peer reviewed and it was published, And I won what's called the Reviewer Lottery. Just by luck. One of the reviewers is a very famous neuroscientist named Carl Friston. He became sort of an informal mentor of mine. And then sort of this started cascading into this self-directed academic pursuit. How many years ago was that? That Was four years ago. Oh my god. My God. This is so accelerated. Yeah. How old are You? I'm 34. Oh no. Was I supposed to be younger or older? Oh, way older. Stanford old, Younger than me is upset at Yeah, You're a loser now.


Big boy I know. Oh, that's rough. 34. Okay. Wow. So you were 30, but You've had a few articles published now. Yeah. What was your novel proprietary theory? So with the neocortex, and in large part, I don't think this approach is actually gonna work that well, which is why I pivoted to the evolutionary one one. But the broad theory, it's a little nuanced, but the neocortex is so fascinating because if you look at a human brain, all the folds that you see, if you remember an image of a brain, that whole thing is neocortex. And what it actually is, is this sort of film. It's like a sheet that's bunched together. What we've always thought is different regions of the neocortex do different things. So the back of your brain is your visual neocortex.


If that gets damaged, you become blind. There's a region of neocortex that if it gets damaged, you can't speak. It's a part of neocortex that if it gets damaged, you can't move. And so one would think that this isn't really one structure. It's actually a lot of different structures Each have a unique structure that would facilitate the scene or the hearing. Exactly. Yeah. And what is mind blowing is if you look under the microscope, the neocortex looks identical everywhere. What? And somehow this one structure does all of these different things. And this was when I started becoming really fascinated with this topic And can be relocated and moved. Right? You can co-opt areas of the neo interchangeable. Well, if one area is destroyed, you can relocate into another section of neocortex to perform that task.


You K clearly remember the book. I'm Impressed. Oh, right. Well, we'll get into the columns at some part. So the best Study that demonstrates this, it's a very famous study where they took ferrets and they rerouted their visual input from the visual cortex into their auditory cortex. So if it is the case that these regions are different, then they shouldn't be able to see appropriately. But what they found is they could see pretty much just fine. And this areas of auditory cortex were just repurposed to process vision. And this is also why after strokes, you can regain abilities. The region of neocortex has damage, doesn't actually grow back. There's No repair. It's just relocation. Oh wow. Correct. Take a second. What a fucking thing. The neocortex just, is it how running this Now? Me and you? I mean, max is known for four years.


I know. I'm gonna say how long I've known, but we'll just say, yeah, I'm just learning now. I was a full humble. Okay, so that really sparked your curiosity. Yes. And what paper do you write based on that? So I wrote A paper that was trying to understand how the neocortical column, so what we now think, what the neocortical sheet actually is, is a bunch of repeating columns called a micro circuit. And there's a big mystery to figure out what does this micro circuit do that makes it so repurposable? And there's a few theories that we can go into, but my question in particular was how does it remember sequences? So how is it the case that you can hear a sequence of music one time and you can hum it back to someone?


There's a sort of mathematical framework where I theorize how am I do that And? that part is still a great mystery. Right? We're getting into memory too. Where is that at? We can't observe it. We can't see anything etched into a neuron. Presumably there's new connections in a new pattern of connections. That pattern of connections somehow represents that sound. We heard There's pretty strong consensus in the neuroscience community that the physical instantiation of memory is in changing the synaptic weights. So the connections between neurons either delete or more get formed or the strength changes. But the big question is for a specific memory, like a memory of your childhood or the memory of how to do something where that lives is more of an open question because it doesn't seem to live in any one place.


It seems to be distributed across many different regions of the brain. And There's components to a memory, right? There's an emotional component. There might be a smell, there might be a color. And those are all drawing from all areas of your brain. Correct. To come together for this one memory. And one way we feel there's a lot of confidence that the brain is different than computers. In computers, there's something that could be called register addressable memory. The way you get a memory is you need to know the code for its location on a computer chip. You lose the code, you lose the memory in the brain. There's something called content addressable memory, which is the way you remember something is you give it a tiny piece of the overall memory and the rest is filled in. Oh wow. Right. And this is why when you smell something, a memory pops back into your head or you forget how to play a song. But you start playing the first chord on a guitar and then the rest starts flowing to you.


Okay. So and now I'm gonna have to consult my notes, which I try not to do. But here we are. Let's first talk about the complexity of the brain, which is 86 billion neurons and over a hundred trillion connections. I mean, that's hard to really comprehend Within a cubic millimeter. So if you look at a penny, like one of the letters there is over 1 billion connections in the brain. No, It's boggling. Right? Okay. So the way you decide to lay out the book is instead of trying to reverse engineer how the brain works so that we can apply it to how the AI should mechanistically work, let's start at the very beginning and then just take the ride up the ladder.


Because everything that's already happened in evolutionary terms to previous iterations, animals, amoebas, it's all still here. Right. I think that'd be the first concept that might shock people is virtually everything that happened 600 million years ago. We still have that. And then we've added things on top of that. Evolution is very constrained. So every iteration of an evolutionary step, in other words, another generation, it can't redesign things from scratch. It has to tinker with the available building blocks. And that's why you see that our brains aren't that different than fish, even though our common ancestor with fish is 500 million years ago. Because once a lot of these structures are in place, it's very hard for evolution to find solutions that reverse engineer them.


So usually it just tinkers with even bird wings are a repurposing of arms. It didn't just reinvent wings, it repurpose an arm over time. You Even go back into, say, scales become the feet and the feet become the wings. It's all one steady line. We can follow back. So what is the first version of what we might think of as a brain? What's the first animal that has neurons? Okay. So interestingly, there were neurons before there was a brain. So if you look at a C anini, which side note, because most of my learning was self-taught, one of the most funny parts of me entering the sort of neuroscience community is I pronounce words wrong all the the time. Oh, sure. Oh Good, good. I do too. Yes. 'cause you've only seen it in print.


I've only seen it in print. But this one's actually, I don't have a good excuse for, I used to say animo until my friend was like, did you ever watch Finding Nemo? It's not Animo. So Anini a CNY jellyfish, these are creatures that have neurons but no brain when they have what's called a nerve net. Their skin has a web of neurons that are implementing a reflex. But there's no central location where decisions are made. Each arm or tentacle is independent largely from the other tentacles. The first question is, why did neurons evolve? And there's a really interesting diversion between fungi and animals that I find fascinating. Yeah, I love this because we are actually not that different than fungi, even though they look very different. 'cause at the core, the way we get energy is through respiration.


In other words, we eat sugar from plants or other animals. And, we breathe oxygen and release carbon dioxide. We Combine sugar and oxygen to make fuel. Exactly. So we can't make our own fuel. Plants can make their own fuel. They just need sunlight and water and they're fine. We can't survive without plants creating sugar for us. So fungi and animals, very early in evolutionary time, took diverging strategies to get sugar. Fungi took the strategy of waiting for things to die. I just wanna say one thing on this, 'cause that's really fascinating. It's the birth of predation. So prior to this, and the earth is four and a half billion years old. This is only hundreds of millions of years ago, organisms that lived, they just lived and they got energy from the sun and they didn't eat anything.


Fungi is like the first thing that it's going to need other organisms to exist. It's gonna consume other organisms for its source. That's really crazy that that even happened. Totally. And so, even though there might have been some minor forms of predation before oxygen was around what's called anaerobic respiration is much less energy efficient. So trying to do respiration without oxygen, but when oxygen came around, you can get way more energy by consuming the sugar of others. And that's really when you got the birth of predation. So fungi, they survive by having fungal spores all over the place. They're around us all the time. And when something dies, it then flourishes and grows. And this is why when you leave bread out, there's fungal spores everywhere. And, we will just start eating them.


The gross filaments emerge. Animals took a very different route. Their route was to actively kill other things. And so this is where neurons are really important because even the very first animals And, we don't know what the first animals actually looked like. There's theories, but the best model organism is A CNE. They probably sat in place, they had tentacles and they waited for things to fly by and then they would just capture them and bring them into their stomach. They just waited. They can't see. They can't hear, they can't smell nothing. There's no data coming in. They're just existing. And hopefully things will bump into them and they'll, right. They have data which is touch. So like if something touches their tentacle, then they pull it in. So that's one of the main reasons we have neurons. And with that, there's a bunch of commonalities to your point about how evolution is constrained.


Our neurons are not that different than jellyfish neurons, which is kind of mind blowing. Yeah. Which is the unit of intelligence between us and a jellyfish is not really much different. What's different is just how it's wired together. Some of the foundational aspects of neurons, which are, they come in excitatory and inhibitory versions. So some neurons inhibit other neurons from getting excited, and other neurons excite other neurons from getting excited. You see that in a CN. Why does that exist in a cny? Because even in a basic reflex, you need to have an, if this not that sort of rule. If I'm going to open my mouth to grab food into it, I need to relax the closed mouth muscles. If I'm gonna close my mouth, I need to relax the open mouth muscles. So you need this sort of logic of one set of neurons inhibiting another set of neurons.


It's very binary, right? Yeah. It's like on or off, exciting or calming. And that's a fun parallel with just how computers up until whatever quantum happens, I guess. Yep. But that is also the basis of computing, right? It's a ones and zeros. It's on and off. It's binary. There's a really rich history in computational theory and computational neuroscience about the degree with which neurons and computers encode things. Similarly, there is a big debate around that. Some neurons we know and code things in their rates. So it's not really ones or zero, it's how fast it's firing. So pressure is like this. So the reason you can tell the difference in pressure is because your brain is picking up the rate that a specific sensory neuron in your finger is firing. Ah-Huh.


But we also know other parts of the brain are clearly encoding things in a different way than just rates. Other parts of the brain seem to be encoding things more like a computer. And so it's a big mystery, sort of how it all comes together. But the brain's probably doing both. Okay. Fascinating. So now as organisms are going to consume other organisms, and there are versions just waiting to get lucky and have food bounce into them and then eat it, somehow some new organisms develop or they decide, no, we're gonna go and search of the food. And this is the first brain. The First brain. And so the first brain is all about locomotion and steering. Bingo. Yeah. Break that down for us. One thing that's fascinating about this is this is an algorithm that the academic community would call taxes navigation.


I think steering is a simpler word for it. And this algorithm exists in single cell organisms. So how does a bacteria find food? Bacteria has no eyes or ears. The bacteria doesn't have complex sensory organs. All it does is has a very simple sort of protein machine on its skin. And if it's going in the direction of something that it likes, it keeps going forward. And if it detects the decrease in something that it likes, it turns randomly. And this takes advantage of something, the physical world, which is, if I place a little food in a Petri dish, the chemicals from the food make a plume around it. And the concentration of those smells are higher, closer to the food. So if I have any sort of machine that detects an increasing concentration of this food, if I just keep going in that direction, eventually I find it right.


And If you turn And, it decreases very quickly. You'll know. Mm. Wrong direction. You turn again, it decreases again. I turn again really quickly. You're going to run through the trial and error of it. Exactly. It's like playing a hot cold game. So that works on a single cellular level, but on a large, not large to us, but from a single cell, very large scale of even a small nematode, which is very akin to the very first animals with brains 600 million years ago. You can't use the same machinery that a single cell uses because they have these tiny little protein propellers that can't move an organism with a million cells. So this algorithm was recapitulated or recreated in a web of neurons. So the same thing happens, but it doesn't happen in protein cascades within a cell. It happens with neurons around the head of nematode or worm-like creature that detects when the concentration of a food smell increases and drives it to go forward.


And another set of neurons that detect it decreasing and turn randomly. And what's so cool is the point of the very first brain is you have to integrate all this input to make a single choice. And they've tested nematodes, which are good organisms to experiment with what early brains were like. 'cause they're so simple. And you can create a little Petri dish and you put a bunch of nematodes on one side and you put a copper line in the middle. And nematodes hate copper for a isoteric reason that it messes with their skin. And put on the opposite side some food. Does it decide to cross the copper barrier? Mm. Ah. And so the very first brain had to make these choices And. it depends on two things which would make a lot of sense. One is the relative concentration of each. So the more food, the more of them are willing to cross.


And how hungry they're the hungrier they're they're more willing to cross. Yeah. If the other option's death at that point, if you're full, don don't need to cross it. Exactly. If I'm about to die, there's nothing at risk. Are they gonna die anyway from the copper? No, the copper is just uncomfortable. I see. Yeah. Oh wow. Makes 'em cranky. Yeah. Is the medical and scientific term, Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by bite. Did you know you could be straightening and whitening your teeth while you listen to our podcast? Bite offers at home teeth aligner treatments that are easy to use. Simply order an impression kit from bite.com to complete a mold of your teeth, then send it back in the mail. Then a licensed dentist takes that mold and creates a 3D treatment plan for you. And bam, your custom aligner trays are delivered directly to your door. And if you're not looking for aligners, it's all good. Bite has a ton of other great products to up your oral hygiene game. I have the travel pen. Yeah, the stain pen for Whitening. Yeah. And just dab, dab dab on my big, big front teeth. Yeah. To get 'em a little wider. And. It's so easy to travel with. It is nice because I do think the older we get, the more stains our teeth are amassing. Yeah. More coffee. Coffee, coffee. More coffee, red wine. All of these things. So stainers. So we need, we need a little pen. Finally, get the smile you've always wanted with Bite. Get your impression kit for 1495 when you use Code dax@by.com. That's BYT e.com. Promo code Dax. Start your confidence journey today with Byte.


We are supported by Squarespace. Whether you're just starting out or managing a growing brand, Squarespace makes it easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience, and sell anything from products to content to time all in one place, all on your terms. That's why they call Squarespace the All-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. Now listen, we put our money where our mouth is. We have a beautiful website that WBE wob designed on Squarespace. It's gorgeous, it's user friendly. Couldn't be better if you're not sure where to start. Squarespace has your back Use Squarespace Blueprint to choose from professionally curated layout and styling options to build your unique online presence from the ground up. And once you've gotten started, keep it going with Squarespace ai, which can help you generate instant personalized results that know and show your brand identity. Check out Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dax to get started today.


We are supported by BetterHelp. Spooky season has officially begun And. we love it. It's happening. I'm already planning the hayride. You are adding a hamburger truck to the mix this year. Oh my gosh. Exciting. Gotta every year get bigger and better. Oh, I really gotta plan my costume. Get on it. Okay. Halloween lets us have fun with what scares us. But what about those fears that don't involve zombies? And ghosts Therapy is a great tool for facing your fears and finding ways to overcome them because sometimes the scariest thing is not facing our fears in the first place and holding ourselves back. I had therapy last week and she's just so good. She really put something into perspective in a way that I was really unable. I would've never been able to see it. That you wouldn't come do it on my own, on my own. No, never. If you're thinking of starting therapy, try BetterHelp. It's all online. So you can have a therapy session from the comfort of your home at a time that's convenient for you. It's quick and easy to get started. And if your therapist isn't the right match for you, you can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Overcome your fears with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HE p.com/dax.


Okay, so that sounds so simple. I want to talk about room because that too is very interesting. I think it's in this realm, but just right outta the gates, I would say there's a much bigger implication to what you just laid out, which is I'm detecting more of that food. I move towards it, I'm detecting less, I turn inadvertently. That's created good and bad. The very foundation of good and bad. And the way that I'm constantly lamenting that we're so drawn to binary, it's so appealing. And, we follow people who seem to know which of the two binary options is the correct one. It's like our Achilles, our binary wiring. It's from the very jump, good and bad. There's less food or there's more food.


That's how simple the world is. And we're inheriting all of those neurons in that evolution. And yeah, that's a hard thing to transcend. Yep. Well see as we go forward in evolutionary time, there are aspects of humanity that are not binary in that way, but evolution does seem to have started in a binary way like this. And one interesting thing about the brain of an nematode, so an nematode, the most famous one is called C elegance, where people study this nematode a lot. You Have a poster of him on my own. Okay. Yeah. He's a great guy. Very Famous. Oh, no, That's it. Don't trick Me. My brain is already working Really hard right now. He was setting it up though like that. He was the Brad Pitt of the nematode. You gotta meet C Elgan. He, Oh my God. He c elegance Have a Neuron.


So what's interesting is when we see things in the world, our neurons in our eyes encode information in the world. It goes into our brain and then elsewhere in the brain, we decide if it's quote unquote good or bad. Human brain is much more complicated. But an an nematode brain, whether or not something is good or bad is directly signaled by the sensory neurons themselves. So the neuron that detects smell directly connects to the motor neuron for going forward and is directly sensitive to how hungry the nematode is. So in these early brains, there was only good or bad, there was no measuring the world in the absence of putting it through the lens of whether it's good or bad. Right. So how does emotion originate in this phase? Ooh.


So this was one of the most fun parts of doing this research. I found this to be one of the most elegant things that I had not seen discussed in the sort of comparative psychology world of studying other animals in humans. There's two neuromodulators, we're probably all familiar with, dopamine and serotonin, And. we hear a lot about these two neuromodulators. They do very complicated things in human brains. But by and large, we know that dopamine tends to be the seeking pursuit, want more chemical. And serotonin is more of the satiation relaxation. Things are okay, chemical. So let's go back to an nematode and see if we can learn anything about the origin of these neuromodulators by seeing those two chemicals in their brain and what you see is something completely beautiful, their dopamine neurons directly come out of their head and detect the presence of food outside of the worm.


So it detects food outside, floods the brain with dopamine and drives a behavioral state of turning quickly to find food nearby. Serotonin lives in its throat, And. it detects the consumption of food And. it drives satiation and stopping and sleep, Digestion, Digestion. So this dichotomy between these two neuromodulators one for there's something good nearby, quickly get it. And another for everything is okay. You can relax, you see in the very first brains. Whoa. That is crazy. Yeah, it's wild. Right? Wow. Good time to talk about Roomba. Let's talk about Roomba, because Roomba is so impressive. The first time you see a Roomba, it's vacuuming someone's home. Who's in charge? How does it know?


And there were really complicated attempts, right? To create this self vacuuming device that didn't work. Gimme the history of Roomba a little bit. So Roomba, Tell me about Roomba. So Roomba was founded by the sky, Rodney Brooks, who actually, he's a computer science, MIT roboticist, did a lot of writing about the challenges with trying to implement AI systems by reverse engineering the brain for exactly the problems we were talking about, which is the brain is so complicated, he gives this great allegory. I'm gonna botch it a little bit, but the general idea is suppose a bunch of aerospace engineers from the year 1900 went through a little portal and woke up in the modern world and were allowed to sit in an airplane for five minutes, and then they were sent back.


Would they correctly identify the features of an airplane that enables flight? And he argues no, because you would look at the plastics, you would look at the material on the edge of the plane, and you'd be confused by the actual features that make flight possible. And so he thinks that's the same problem with peering into the brain as it is now. We're at risk of thinking certain things are important when they're in fact not. Right, right, right, right, right. Interesting. So he started, interestingly, don don't think he thought about it this way, but the serendipity is interesting. His robot, the Roomba works not that differently than the very first brain because he decided to simplify the problem dramatically. And he realized you don't really need to do many complicated things to create a great vacuum cleaner. All it has to do is turn around randomly, and when it hits the wall, it turns randomly, it'll keep going and it'll just keep doing that.


And then eventually it'll get around the full room. I mean, there's slightly more complicated algorithm it uses, but by and large it's the same thing. And most interestingly, the more modern Roombas have something called dirt detect, where if it detects dirt, it actually changes its behavior for a minute or so. And, it turns around randomly. Why? Because the world is clumpy. If you detect dirt in one area, it's likely there's dirt nearby. This is exactly what nematodes do, right? Yes. They flood the brain with dopamine and they change their behavior to turn quickly. Wow. And search the local area. Now I need to watch more docs on Roombas, but I would imagine the first people trying to crack this, we're thinking the thing has to map the room first, and then it has to come up with a very efficient protocol for going back and forth and not overlapping.


Maybe the goal also was to steep. The Roomba is clearly going over stuff that's vacuumed a bunch. Is that the case? Yes. But who gives a fuck? It'll eventually get it all. Exactly. Yes. You could also start with maybe too high of a Goal. A goal. Yeah. It's like it needs to be so efficient. Yeah. Like the way this must work is it must know every inch and then it'll design the most efficient route through here, and that's how it'll work. Yeah. But that's not how the organisms were working. Okay. Now, breakthrough number two, reinforcement learning in the first vertebrates. And you were gonna tell me when those came along and maybe tell us about the Cambrian explosion. Yeah. So in the aftermath of the first brains emerging, the descendants of this nematode like creature went down many, many different evolutionary trajectories.


And eventually they get caught in this predator prey feedback loop. And so this is where evolution really accelerates because for every new adaptation that a predator gets to get a little bit better at catching prey, creates more pressure for the prey to get another adaptation to be better at getting away from the predator, which puts more pressure on the predator. And you get this back and forth feedback loop. So the Cambrian explosion is around 500 to five 50 million years ago. We see an explosion of animals in the ocean Before that, the Eddie Akron period, very sparse fossils from that period afterwards. You see animals everywhere. That arrow is mostly run by arthropods. So if we went back in time And, we were in a little submarine around the Cambrian, our ancestors would be hard to spot.


it was mostly these huge insects, crustacean like looking creatures. And our ancestors were a small, probably four inch long fish looking creature, which were the first vertebraes. And there's a bunch of brain structures that emerged there. And maybe We set up Marvin Minsky at this moment too. Yeah. Because as we were saying, the book so elegantly parallels the different evolutions. So really 1951 is the very first time we hear artificial intelligence. So what's Marvin Minsky up to? Marvin Minsky is one of the sort of founding fathers of ai. In the fifties, there was a lot of excitement around using computers to do intelligent tasks. And of course there was a winter after this what's called an AI winter because a lot of the promises from the fifties didn't come to fruition.


But in relation to vertebrates, one of the interesting things that Marvin Minsky tried was training something through reinforcement. And so this had been discussed in psychology since the 19 hundreds. We know that you can train a chicken to do lots of really complicated things by giving it a treat when it does what you want. Same way like Pavlov's Harnessing the reward system. The reward system. So Pavlov was about sort of learned reflexes. Thorndyke was the one who saw that you could teach animals to do really interesting things, not just have a reflex. Oh, I see. Okay. So thorn dyke's famous experiments were these puzzle boxes. You put like a cat in a box and you put a yummy food, treat like some salmon outside of it. And the only way it can get outta the box it's fully see through is it has to do some behavior.


Let's say it has to pull a lever or has to poke its nose in something thorndyke theorized that these animals would learn through imitation learning. So once one animal figured it out, he let the other animal watch it. And this did not happen. They never learned through imitation. That's A primate thing, Right? But he found something else. He found oddly that over time the speed to get outta the puzzle box just slowly went down. And what he realized what was happening is it was just trial and error. When they got out, they just became slightly more likely to do the behavior that happened before that got them out. They didn't really understand how they were getting out, but through trial and error, they just slowly were getting more likely to do these things. So that had been an idea from the early 19 hundreds And, we would Call that reinforcement learning. Reinforcement learning, he never used that word, but Yeah, we would call that reinforcement learning now.


And Marvin Minky had this idea of what happens if we try to train a computer to learn through reinforcement. So he had a sort of toy example of this where he tried to train an AI system to navigate out of a maze through reinforcement. And although it did okay, he quickly ran into problems with this. And he identified this very astutely as the problem of temporal credit assignment. And so, although those are a bunch of annoying words, it's actually a very simple concept. If we played a game of chess together and at the end of the game you won, how do you know which moves to give credit for winning the game? You make a bunch of bad ones, you make a bunch of good ones, and then the net result is you win. But how the fuck would a computer know which of those Was the key?


Exactly. Yeah. It's so complicated and so long and so multifaceted. You can't point to anything. Exactly. Well Yeah. 'cause it wouldn't just be one, right? It wouldn't just be one. Yeah. And now is where is a fun time, I think, to introduce just how many possibilities there are in checkers. So in the game of checkers, there are 500 quintillion possible games of checkers. That's not even a word. That's not a real word. Which is nothing compared to how many possible games of chess there are. Yeah. That's 10 to the power of one 20, which is more than there are atoms in the universe. So the computer would have to have a data set much faster than the total amount of atoms in the universe to have played every single scenario and know.


Yeah. So it's not possible to what you would be describing as like brute force search every possible game to decide the best move And. it doesn't work to simply reinforce the recent behaviors right before you win because the move that won you the game might have been very early. And so this was a problem in the field of AI for a very long time until this guy, Richard Sutton, I've met him now, he's an amazing guy, invented a solution to this in ai, which turns out is also how vertebrae brain solved the problem. And that's what's so cool. This Is the actor and the critic. Yes. This one to me is one of the concepts I struggled with a little bit more. So lay out the actor and the critic. Richard Sutton's idea comes from a little bit of intuition. So let's imagine we're playing a game of chess.


You could imagine partway through the game, I make a move that makes you realize all of a sudden, holy crap, I'm in a way worse position right now. The points didn't change. Yeah. But all of a sudden you go, holy crap, I made a mistake. And he asked, what just happened there in that moment when you have an intuition that the state of the board just got worse for you, maybe that's something that the brain is using to teach itself. So his idea of an actor and critic is the following. Maybe the way reinforcement learning happens in the brain is there's actually two systems. There's a critic in your brain when you're playing a game of chess that's constantly every state predicting your likelihood of winning. And then there's an actor that given a state of the world, predicts the next best move.


And the way that learning happens is not when you win the game, it's when the critic thinks your position just got better. So when the critic says, oh, I think your probability of winning just went up from 65% to 80%, that's what reinforces the actor. Interesting. And what's so weird about this is the logic is kind of circular because if you start training a system from scratch, a critic's probability of winning depends on what the actor's gonna do. And so the critic should be wrong a lot. And yet there's this magical bootstrapping that happens when you train a system like this that the critic gets better over time. The actor gets better over time. They make Each other better. Exactly. Wow. That is, It's complicated though, right? Yeah. Or you got that really easy. It was so easy.


Yeah, it was easy peasy for you. But you're saying that that's equivalent to the predator pre evolution. Well, we're gonna find out now yet how, yeah. Vertebrates basically created this system. What happened in their brains? So there was a whole history in the nineties where there was a big mystery about what dopamine does in the brain. Because we used to think that dopamine was the pleasure signal. And there was a lot of really great evidence by this guy, Kent Barage, that discovered that dopamine actually is not the pleasure chemical. And there's two reasons why we know this is the case. So he came up with this experimental paradigm to measure pleasure in a rat. And you can do some babies too. A rat when it's satisfied, will like smack its lip. And when it's unsatisfied, it like gapes its mouth.


So it's like a facial expression. He asked the question, okay, when you give a rat's brain a bunch of dopamine, it eats a lot. We can see it consumed dramatically more food, but is it enjoying it more? And what he found is actually, if anything, it makes less pleasurable lip max. It's just consuming 'cause it can't resist. And so dopamine doesn't actually cause pleasure, it just creates cravings. This is where Buddhists enter the chat. Exactly. So dopamine's clearly not the pleasure signal. When we record dopamine neurons, we also see that it doesn't get activated When you actually get a reward, it gets activated when some cue occurs, that tells you you're soon gonna get a reward. And so what's interesting is in a game of checkers, that's exactly the same thing as the signal.


When you make a move and all of a sudden you realize, holy crap, my position just improved, that's when you get a dopamine burst because you're likelihood of winning goes up. And that's the learning signal that drives you to be more likely to make that move in the future. So there's a part of the brain called the basal ganglia. You Love this. This is your favorite. I love the basing for the basal ganglia. It's a great brain structure and the basal ganglia, a fish is pretty much identical to the basal ganglia in a human, which is kind of crazy. I mean, there's some minor differences, but the broad macro structure is the same. And there's a lot of good evidence that the basal ganglia implements an actor critic like system. And so if you go into the brain of fish, you see these same signals where when a Q comes up that makes it look like the world's about to get better.


The regions around dopamine neurons get excited the same way that happens in mammals. And so there's good evidence that invertebrates in order to learn through trial and error, which we know Phish can do, it implemented something akin to Richard Sutton's actor critic system. And this enabled it to learn arbitrary behaviors. This is why you can train Phish to jump through hoops, through treats. This is why Phish will remember how to escape from a maze a year later. They can learn through trial and error. I didn't know Phish were doing that. People don't appreciate phish enough. Man underestimate. Not at all. You don't see them at SeaWorld doing any cool tricks. Yeah. Yeah. That's why Good for them though. Not a sponsor. They Dodged a bullet. Phish are the sponsor. If you go to YouTube and you look up fun, phish tricks you can find, I'm sure you'll do that on your spare time. Oh. yeah.


I'm pretty busy watching crow tricks. I see. Okay. I love crow tricks. Crow tricks. Yep. They can do like an eight step problem solving. Yeah. Yeah. They're incredible. Okay. So within this new development in the brain, we also get relief, disappointment and timing and pattern recognition. This all happens in this section of evolution, the reinforced learning section. So how does relief and disappointment enter the equation? So when you have a running expectation of some future good things. So if you're playing a game of chess and you have now a system that's predicting your likelihood of winning, then when you lose, when you have an expectation that doesn't come true, this is the emergence of disappointment.


Relief is just the inverse. When you expect something really bad to happen, And, it doesn't happen. That's relieving. So when you have an expectation of a future reward, that's what begets the emotions of relief and disappointment. We discovered quickly that AI systems can't really be taught sequentially. Like what they first started doing when they were just teaching the computer to add, they started with ones and they taught it how to add by ones. And then once it mastered that and they taught it how to add by twos, it would've forgotten how it added by ones. Which is weird to me. I'm not fully sure why it would just ditch what it just learned, but that was a big issue in teaching these computers and Still is.


So what's called the continual learning problem is still a big area of outstanding research and ai. The way we train these neural networks is we have like a web of neurons. We give it a bunch of input, has a bunch of output, we show it a data sample. So let's say we have a picture of a cat and then at the end we say, this is a cat. We look at how accurate the output was. And, we nudge the weights to go in the direction of the output we want. The problem is when we're updating the weights, we haven't figured out how the brain knows not to overwrite the weights of previous memories. So the way We do this AI systems is we give it a bunch of data at once. There's a bunch of techniques for doing this, but then when we send it out into the world, we don't let it continuously update weights 'cause it degrades over time. So this is a fascinating part of ai and I learned it from this book. and I think it's really interesting.


If you're familiar with chat, GPT 1, 2, 3, when those things are released, they're at peak efficiency. They're never gonna change. They were educated with all the debt at once so it couldn't overwrite things and get rid of things. And then it can't take on anything new. So it itself can't evolve. It has to stay put oral, start ditching everything it learned. I Don't wanna overstate the claim. The AI research community has lots of techniques to try and overcome continual learning, but by and large, they're not nearly as good as the human brain does it. And the best proof and principle of this is we don't let chat CCP t learn from consumers talking to it. So when you talk to it, it's not updating its weights, it only updates, its weights. When researchers at open AI retrain it and meticulously make sure that it didn't degrade in the key features that they wanna perform it at.


And then they send a new version out into the world. But the AI systems we want are like humans that we're constantly learning as we're interacting with each other. We're constantly updating our weights in our brain. And, we don't have AI systems that do that yet. Well, the relief and disappointment is kind of interesting 'cause it was reminded me of when I won state Monica's the state champ cheerleader. Yes. Hell yeah. And not like Go Bengals like flying in there competition. Bam. Yeah. Yeah. So the second We won twice. Its a really, Wow. Yeah. But the second time We won by one point and it was very close. And the expectation was that we were to win. 'cause we had won last time. And the feeling of winning was not happiness.


it was just pure relief. and I cessation and I always thought that was weird for all of us. We were just so relieved. Where does happiness fit into any of this? It doesn't really. Well, happiness is a big mystery. I think it's also a problem of language. 'cause I think when we use the word happiness, we are referencing many different concepts, but there's a loose connection to reward. And so we definitely know that if you have a high expectation of a reward and you still are given a reward, but it's lower than your expectation, you get a decrease in dopamine. And so we know that there is a running expectation of rewards that affects how much dopamine you get when you receive something. How Did curiosity evolve? That was the last one.


Curiosity is so interesting because when we were building AI systems to play games and DeepMind, which is now a subsidiary of Google, did some of the best research here. We Interviewed Mustafa. Oh great. There's certain games that they still, even with all of the smart actor critic stuff, figure out how to play. And most famously Montezuma's revenge, which was like an old game, well Really quick. It had conquered all the Atari games. Yes. Deep Mind. It could win every game except for this one game. They couldn't figure it out. The problem with this game is there is no reward for a long time. The first reward is like five rooms over when you escape from this first level. And so the system just never could find it. And they realized it was because it never had a desire to explore.


So there's classically this thing called the exploitation exploration dilemma in AI exists in animals too. Once you know something works, you don't know for sure that it's the best way to solve the problem. So when do you actually explore new approaches to figure something out? Even though you've got reward, there might be a better way. Yeah, there might be more reward. So imagine that you enter a maze, you go in, you turn right and you get a cool whatever. When you go in the maze the next time, are you gonna do that same move or are you gonna try somewhere else? Original AI system, solve this problem by just saying 5% of the time you're gonna do something random. But that's an issue because if the solution's far away doing one move locally in this area isn't gonna get you to the full new room. So what they came up with was effectively imbuing curiosity into the system.


What they do is they have another perception module that's trying to predict what the next state of the screen's gonna be. And whenever something surprising happens, that is a reward signal. So the system actually tries to surprise itself. Once it's explored a room, it gets bored And, it likes finding the way out of the room. And, it gets excited to see a new room armed with curiosity at beat level one. Wow. And so we see curiosity also emerge in vertebras. What a task to diagnose. Oh, it's lacking curiosity. Yeah. And then trying to think of what is the solution in code for curiosity. Incredible. Yeah, it's, it's really mind boggling. Yeah. Okay. Breakthrough number three is simulating in the first mammals.


Now we're getting into the zone that endlessly fascinates me. So what happens? 150? Oh my God, this whole thing has been so insane. Well, it's gonna peak at primates as you would imagine. Chimp. Crazy. Yeah. Theory of mind. That's so crazy that we can imagine what someone else's motivation is and what they're trying to do. But we're a couple steps away from that. But simulating is the first step in route to that. So what is it that mammals do uniquely? When people study the neocortex, people usually think about the neocortex as doing the things that it seems to do in human brains. So movement perception without a neocortex, humans can't see here, et cetera. But what's odd about the argument that the neocortex does those things is if you go into a fish brain and a lizard brain, they don't have a neocortex.


And yet they are pretty much just as good as perception as we are. I mean, you can train an archer fish, they're called archer fish 'cause they spit water to get out of the water to catch insects. And you can train an archer fish to see two pictures of human faces and spit on one of the faces to get a reward. No. What And it will recognize the human face. And you can rotate the face in 3D And. it will still recognize this. No? Yeah. Oh my Lord. So fish are just as good at perception. So then why did the neocortex submerge in these early mammals? What was the point? So this is one of the big things that motivated me to go really deep on the, what's called comparative psychology literature. See what really are the differences between most mammals and most vertebrates? I need to make one caveat here.


Evolution independently converges all the time. So just because fish can't do something that mammals do, doesn't mean all vertebrates can't do it. A great example is your love of crows birds seem to have independently evolved. A lot of the things that mammals did, that's just an important caveat. There's at least three things that seem to have uniquely emerged in mammals and they seem different at first. But then through this sort of framework, it became clear to me that I think they're actually different applications. The same thing. One is something called vicarious trial and error. So this guy, Edward Tolman, in the thirties and forties noticed that rats when put in mazes would stop at choice points. So a point where there was a fork in the road, And, it would look back and forth and then move in one direction. And he theorized, I wonder if what the rat is doing is imagining possible paths before deciding.


And he was largely ridiculed for this idea because there's no evidence that the rat's actually doing that And. it wasn't until this guy, David Reddish and his lab, I think it was the early two thousands, went into the brain of a rat and confirmed that they are doing exactly this what? And the experiment's. Very cool. So in a part of the brain called the hippocampus, there are something called place cells. So you can see that as a rat is moving around a maze, there are specific cells that activate whenever they're at that location. So neuron A activates only when they're at location A, neuron B, location B. By recording them, you can see a map of the space. Usually these place cells are only active when the animal actually in the location that they are. But when they reach these choice points, the place cells no longer are the current location.


You can see them playing out possible paths. Oh Wow. You'll see A, the neuron fire for location C or D, Not only location C or D, the path to location C Or D. Whoa. So you can watch a rat imagine possible futures. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. Oh my gosh. And, we like to think, wow, it's this weird paradox where we're so high on ourselves, we're really reluctant to acknowledge that other animals are doing hundred percent rats. The modeling, which is what it is. You really think about the ability to model a scenario in your head and predict the future and create the whole thing and see the whole thing. What a step forward, Mind blowing. And you can imagine, I mean the ecosystem that this ancestor of ours grew up in was one ruled by dinosaurs.


Our ancestors were very small, four inch long squirrel like creatures that hid underground and in trees in a world that was ruled by huge predatory dinosaurs. And so it's speculative, but it's likely they use this ability to come outta the borough at night and try to figure out, how do I get to this food and back without getting eaten? 'cause they have the gift of this sort of first move. I can see where the predators are and decide and plan will I make it back and survive? And that's sort of the gift of MAs And. we can see birds probably have this too, that evolved independently. By the way It's even pointed out. We would intuitively know that there's something different. 'cause if you watch reptiles move around, they're kind of clumsy. They're still kind of moving in the like, oh, turn this way, turn this way.


Whereas the mammals are moving much quicker. They can predict where they should land on a branch. They can predict which part of their body should be used. So fine motor skills emerge. There's two other abilities that I think are good to go through. So David Reddish did a follow-up study. He wanted to ask, okay, if I can imagine possible futures, might I also be able to imagine possible pasts? And so he came up with this experiment that he called Restaurant Row. So you put a little rat in this sort of circle, and there's four different choice points. And every time it reaches one of these doors, a sound goes on and the sound signals whether if it goes to the right, it will get food in one second. Or if it has to wait 45 seconds. Ooh, That's a big delta.


That's a big, big choice for rat. It is Tap, it's Life And. it learns which treat is at each location. So one is a cherry, one's a banana, et cetera. And once it passes the threshold, it can't go back. So it's a series of irreversible choices. So here's the experiment. We know that rats, he verified this rats prefer certain treats over others. So what happens when it's next to a cherry And? it gets the sound for one second. And the next one is a banana, which it likes way more than cherry. It has to make a gamble. I can go to the next one and hope for the banana, but if it gets 45 seconds, I'm gonna regret it. I should just had the cherry bird In the hand. Exactly. So what happens when the rat makes the choice in 45 seconds goes on, he goes into the brain of the rat and he sees two fascinating things. One, you can go into the part of the brain called the orbital frontal cortex, and you can see the rat imagining itself eating the cherry.


Oh my Lord. It Regrets the choice. And is imagine the alternative one. And you can see it look back, oh my God. And the next time around it becomes much more likely to say, screw it. I'm just going for the cherry. So you can see rats imagining alternative past choices, which is really useful for what's called counterfactual learning, which is imagining if I had done something different, the outcome would've been better. We do a lot of that. And that's an ability that evidence suggests emerge. Mammals, Counterfactual learning. Yeah. Give some more human examples of counterfactual. How We do this all the time. We play a game and at the end we lose and I go, man, we would have won had I done this one single thing. That's actually incredible feat because reinforcement learning alone doesn't solve that problem. All you know is you lost at the end.


But we're capable of imagining what move would have won us the game. And that's a really powerful ability. You're right. You're doing both things at the same time. You're playing through the whole event from your history, and then you're modeling future or different options. And then seeing how that would've played out. You're juggling a bunch of different timelines. Right? One really cool study of this too is you can play rock paper scissors with a chimpanzee. You can train them to play rock, paper, scissors. And they've found that, let's say a chimpanzee loses when it plays scissors and you play rock. What is it more likely to do next? Eat You probably eat Your face. Maybe play rock. If you played rock And, it played scissors, the next move is likely to be paper because it's imagining what would have won.


Right. The prior move, if it was just reinforcement learning where it wasn't being able to model these things, it would maybe be less likely to play scissors. But it wouldn't be more likely to play paper. But because it's imagining what would've won, it does. Well, I'd even argue if it was strictly reinforcement, it would just play rock. 'cause rock won rock's a winner. Sorry. I was imagining the chimp as he lost it, played scissors and you played rock. Right? It lost. So then the chimp next time, if it was strictly reinforcement learning Yep. Would probably play rock. No. If it's capable of imagining them in your shoes. Yes. But all it did was it took the action of scissors and lost. So a chimpanzee probably could do that. You're right. But standard reinforcement learning is I take an action, I get an outcome, and then that's it. and I just don't play scissors again.


Right? Right. Is all I can really think right now. Henry Zen is an interesting character. He is kind of like Phineas Gage. He's the Phineas G of the hippocampus. Phineas Gage of course lost his frontal lobe And. we learned a lot about that. That he had a pull. Yep. So what happened to Henry Famously patient? Hm? He had to get all of his hippocampus removed. 'cause had Epilepsy. He ding epilepsy. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He had very Bad epilepsy. Monica has very mild epilepsy. Ah. Excuse Me. Well, you don't have to have your hippocampus removed. I Don't I know. You're right. You're right. So I guess it's very, very mild. Call me when you've had your hippocampus removed. Yeah. Yeah. So patient, Hm. Lost the ability to create new memories when he woke up from the surgery. Everything Else is the same.


Monica, his personality hasn't altered. He's competent, but he cannot make a memory going forward from that moment. Which again, would really lead you to think that memory's in the hippocampus. But that would be incomplete. Right. Well, the fascinating thing about this is one reason why, if you take like an intro psychology course, they try to divide memory into different buckets. This is one of the canonical studies that differentiated what's called procedural memory from episodic or semantic memory. Because he could learn new things, but it wouldn't be an episodic memory of an event. He could learn to play piano and he would be like, I don't know how to play piano. But then you put him in front of piano and he is playing. Oh wow. Wow. And he doesn't know how. He knows it. Memory broadly lives in more places, but a certain aspect of memory was lost.


We see this with Alzheimer's a lot. Yes. Also, which comes out of this new ability and mammals to model, is goals versus habits. This one really hit me this morning because we can all relate to this so much. Let's talk about the mice and what they learned in goals versus habits. The famous study around this is what's called a devaluation study. So the way it works is you train a mouse or a rat usually to push a lever a few times and then get a treat. Now what happens if separately from this whole experiment, you give it the same treat, but you lease it with something that makes them sick. You verify that it doesn't like the treat anymore. 'cause the next time you give it the treat, it eats way less. When you bring it back and show it. The lever does it push the lever.


And what they found is if it's only experienced it a few times, the rat will remember what the lever leads to is the treat. I don't want it, it simulates the goal and says, I don't wanna push the lever. But if it had pushed the lever 500 times before, it will push the lever. It'll ignore the food. But it can't stop pushing the lever because it's built this habit that I see lever and I push it. Whoa. Yeah. And a hundred times or less, it'll stop pushing lever. But if it's gotten to 500, it'll just keep doing it. and I was just thinking of humans and like smoking. you know, it's just something you've done a hundred thousand times by the time you're five years into it. And really nothing's gonna combat That. There's good evidence that when behaviors become automated, they actually change location in your brain.


So they shift to different parts of the brain that are more automated. And this is obviously useful for us. It's the reason why we can walk down the street and not think about walking or drive a car Or Drive a car. It's more automated. Daniel Kahneman famously talked about system one. System two habits are also the cause of lots of human bad decision making because we are devoid of a goal when we're acting habitually. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Dr. Odyssey from a b, c From 9 1 1, executive producer Ryan Murphy comes the splashy new medical drama. Dr. Odyssey starring Joshua Jackson as the charismatic new doctor on board a luxury cruise ship. He and his team navigate high stakes medical emergencies and steamy romantic entanglements miles from shore. The series also stars Philip Assu, Sean Thiel, and Don Johnson as their fearless captain. Come aboard for new episodes of Dr. Odyssey Thursdays at nine eight Central on A, B, C, and Stream on Hulu.


If If, you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple. Card. Apply for Apple Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval savings is available to Apple Card owners subject to eligibility, Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch member FDIC terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


We're driven by the search for better. But when it comes to hiring, the best way to search for a candidate isn't to search at all. Don't search Match with Indeed. If you need to hire, you need Indeed, indeed is your matching and hiring platform with over 350 million global monthly visitors. Ditch the Busy work. Use indeed for scheduling, screening and messaging so you can connect with candidates faster. And listeners of this show will get a $75 sponsored job credit to get your jobs more visibility@indeed.com slash match. Just go to indeed.com/match right now and support this show by saying you heard about Indeed on this podcast indeed.com/match terms and conditions apply. Need to hire you need Indeed.


Okay. So somehow Alpha Zero and Go are involved in this some way. And I'll just add, we laid out the number of possible moves in a chess match being 10 to the one 20 Go's even more complicated. Yep. So this game go, so Alpha Zero was the first AI And that was DeepMind DeepMind As well. Yep. They beat go. But it can't do this in the real world. It can do it in the framework of there's limited moves to be made, but once it's in a world with mushy background and lots of variables like it can't handle that, how are we handling that? And they aren't. There's classically two types of reinforcement learning.


There's what's called model free, which is what we talked about in early vertebrates. It means I get a stimulus and I just choose an action. And the response to it model based is what we've been saying comes in mammals. That's when you pause to imagine possible futures before making a choice. And model-based has always been a harder thing in AI because you need to build a model of some worlds and you need to teach a system to imagine possible futures. And as we said, you literally can't imagine every possible future in a game of even checkers, let alone chess or go. So the brilliance of what they did in Alpha Zero is it did imagine possible futures, but not all of them. What they did is in simple terms, they repurposed the actor critic system and instead of just predicting the next best move, they said, you know what?


Why don't we play out a full game assuming you made this next move and then let's see what happens then let's go back and let's choose your second favorite move and play a full game and let's choose your third and let's just do a few of those and do that maybe a few thousand times in a few seconds. And so that was a clever balancing act because it wasn't choosing a random move. it was choosing a move that the actor was already predicting, but it was checking to make sure that it was in fact a good move. But to your original question, still the game of Go has certain features that are way simpler than the real worlds on any given board. There's only a finite number of next moves you can make, even though the total spectrum of games is astronomical from a given position.


There's only really a handful, maybe a hundred or so, I forget the exact number in the real world right now. The variables of where I put my hand and how I speak is infinite. Yeah, yeah, yeah. These are continuous variables. And so that's a much harder problem of how do you train an AI system to make a choice when there's literally an infinite number of possible next things to do. Yeah. Okay. Now we're getting to primates. My favorite, and this is mentalizing. So what happens in the brain and what is the outcome? One thing that I found fascinating going into the brain of non-human primates is how incredibly similar they are to other mammals. I mean, there's not much different in the brain of a chimpanzee from a rat other than just being bigger. But there are two regions that are pretty substantially different. One is this part of the front of the brain called the granular prefrontal cortex.


And there's another part in the back of the brain with complicated names. And so there's a big mystery of what these brain regions did. Phineas Gage is an example of this odd thing where we've known from the forties that people with damage to the older mammalian parts of the brain have huge impact. I mean, if you damage the old part, the original mammalian part of the frontal cortex, you become mute. The older mammalian part of visual cortex you don't see. But if you damage these primate areas, people seem oddly fine. In fact, some people's IQs don't even degrade that much. But the more you inquire, you realize there's all these oddities in their behavior. They make social faux PAs. If you start testing them on their ability to understand other people's intents, you realize all of a sudden they struggle to understand what's going on in other people's minds.


Sometimes they struggle to identify themselves in a mirror. One of my favorite studies to differentiate what were these new primate areas doing is they looked at three groups of people, people with no brain issues, people with hippocampal damage and people with damage to the primate area of prefrontal cortex. And they asked 'em to do something very simple. They just asked 'em to sort of write out a scene in the future. And what they found is people with hippocampal damage would describe a scene with themselves so they could articulate themselves in that scene. But the scene was devoid of details about the rest of the world. The people with prefrontal damage was the exact opposite. They could describe the features of the external world, but they couldn't project themselves into their own imaginations. They were absent from it. Yeah.


Like finna couldn't imagine what would happen when he left whatever room he was in. But he could imagine the room. He could he you could say, what's a kitchen look like? Yeah. Or picture of the kitchen. But he couldn't see himself traveling forward in time. As I remember. When we now look at primates, And, we say, cool. So what would that suggest? That would suggest some set of theory of mind, sense of self emerging in primates. And there are some really cool studies that you can show that chimpanzees and monkeys are very good at inferring the intent in other people, much more so than it seems like most other mammals. There are, again, exceptions, dolphins, dogs. There are some animals that seem to have independently gotten this. So one experiment I like about this is you teach a chimpanzee when it's shown two boxes, the one with the little marker on it is the one that has food.


So then you have a experimenter come in and they bend over and they mark one, they stand up and they accidentally drop the marker on the other one. So the queue is identical. A monkey always knows to go to the one that they intentionally marked because it can tell what you intended to do. Oh. Because they saw the accidental, they Saw one was a mistake. Right. Wow. And one was intentional. Wow. Wow. And then they also have this wild thing within that same experiment, right? Where there's two people administering and one experimenter is incapable of giving them the treat because he simply can't see it or she can't see it. Their ineptitude is preventing them from giving the chimp what they want. And then the next experimenter clearly knows where the thing is that they want and is choosing to not give it to 'em.


Oh. So the result is saying they don't get the thing, but when given the option of who they want to be in the room with, they'll always pick the person that was just oblivious to where it was. Wow. 'cause there's some chance they will discover it. How fucking complicated is that? Wow. It's like a intent. That's when people go like, not to get political, but it's like intentions don't matter. Outcomes matter. Well, no, they really matter. They're really what's driving almost all of our good faith and goodwill towards each other is like we are acutely aware of intention. I think we're gonna ignore. Intention is bonkers. Yep. Yeah. Also, let's talk about the one I really liked from it And. we can talk about how this evolved and what probably incentivize it is this political arms race where you're living in a multi-member group.


The hierarchy is kind of flexible. There's ways to outwit other people knowing their intentions is gonna be hugely rewarded. And so Bella and Rock, I love this story too, when I stumbled upon it. So this researcher, I think his name was Emel Menzel, just So you know, on this podcast, I've told this story, if you know Oh. yeah. Like when I was reading the book, I was so excited about this example in a fact, check I was like, Monica, this fucking chimp figured out that, you know, sorry, I'm still kind of stuck on the other thing. Do you think then people are more likely to choose a partner or a friend who they think is stupid over mean? Well sure. If you've dialed their intention to be harmful to you, yeah. You would definitely pick a dumb dumb that might accidentally hurt you.


I guess so. But there's this whole thing on TikTok. Liz taught me about I love, you always have to qualify why you're on TikTok. I know it well enough because she just realize it. But there's a grid of partnership and it's like stupid and cute. Mean and cute. Like you pick and I mean. I picked Hot and mean and I picked Smart and hot first. Obviously it sure does. But I did pick hot and mean. You don't like Huff Puffs. This is all inky. I guess it makes, So to be fair with the monkey experiment, it wasn't that one of them was just so dumb they couldn't help out. it was that it was hidden from their view, for example. Oh, so they just were unaware of the treat or it was in a box they couldn't get into.


So it wasn't like the monkey just liked the dumb human that They were in napped. It was that you maybe would have the intention to help me. You just weren't capable of it. But the other one could have. and I knew they didn't want to. That's the difference. Interesting. Not that it, you know, Not that it changes my grid, but Yeah Also that cost benefit analysis is quite simple. One could result in a treat and one will definitely not. Right. Exactly. For so. So you're way better off rolling the do. Exactly. Even if they had little confidence that the dumb dumb was gonna figure it out. Right. it was possible. Okay. So MM Menzel. Yes. He was doing studies in the vein of Edward Tolman I was telling you about Put rat in mazes. And he wanted to experiment with the degree with which chimpanzees could remember locations in space. That was all he was trying to study. And so he had this little one acre patch of forests that he had a few chimpanzees living in.


And all he did is he would hide a little treat under a tree or in a specific bush and show it to one of the chimpanzees, Bella. She very quickly learned where to find the treat. And so she was also as many chimpanzees are good sharer. So she would share the treat with rock, who was a high ranking male. And very quickly he became a jerk. And he would take the treat from her, Wouldn't share, he'd eat it all himself. Of course. Yes. Well typical. Yeah. And what happened from there? He wasn't expecting, which is what got really interesting. So then Bella decided, okay, I'm gonna wait for rock not to be looking, and then I'm gonna go get the treat. Okay, that's kind of smart, but maybe not that crazy. And she would sit on the tree. I think that's a part of it. They'd show Bella, she'd see it, she'd sit on it, and then she'd just wait for rock to not be around so she could gobble it up herself.


'cause she too is a selfish little pig piggy. No, she's hungry. And as this mean guy keeps eating all her Shit. I agree. I'm on Bella's side. Yeah, We all are. And so then he started pushing her off. He would know what she was doing. Oh. Then he started pretending not to pay attention until she would go to the treat. Then she decided to start leading him in the wrong direction. She pretended the tree was over here. Then he would go Run around. Oh God. He'd sit on something for a while. He'd shove her off and could start rooting around. Then she'd go gravel. This is how this romantic games started. Right? Yeah. Then Bell and Rock all. Yeah, exactly. So this cycle of deception, counter deception demonstrates an incredible theory of mind because they're both trying to reason about what's in the mind of the other person and how do I change their behavior by manipulating their knowledge.


Yes. Whoa. In these multi-member chip groups, there is a hierarchy, but some are clever enough that they will call out leopard to the whole group predator. And the alpha of course has to respond to that and rally the trip. So he's, oh, I'm gonna fucking deal with this. And he goes over there and then the subordinate gets humping on the female and passes on his gene. So right there, the intelligence and the deception was rewarded. And you can see quite easily how that would ratchet up over time. Where cleverness would be Yeah. Rewarded. Rewarded. And that's why we're just innately deceptive. Interesting. That's the brown lining of this. We can overcome it. We can transcend it. Yeah. Okay. So this obviously has not been completed.


We're not there yet, but maybe we introduced the paperclip conundrum as this theory of mine would be a solution to one of the problems AI deals with, right? Yep. So Nick Bostrom, who's a famous philosopher who wrote the book, superint Intelligence, has this famous allegory. And in the allegory he imagines we have this super intelligent AI system that's fully benign. So it's not an evil, it's not trying to hurt anyone And. we give it a simple instruction. We just say, Hey, can you make as many paperclips as possible because you are running the paperclip factory And. it goes, okay, cool. And. it quickly starts enslaving humans in the nearby neighborhoods to make paperclips. And then it converts huge chunks of earth into paperclips. And then it decides I'm gonna turn all of Earth into paperclips, And.


it starts taking over the solar system. And his point, as silly as that sounds, is it demonstrates that you don't need an intentionally nefarious ai. You just need to misunderstand our requests. And I will point out, I do think this is where most people are fearful of AI are actually on the wrong path. I think Stephen Pinker points us out. We would've to program it to have that strongest we'll survive. I must dominate it, you know? But a confusion, a well-intentioned accident is actually what you should be afraid of. Exactly. And. we don't realize this, and we'll get into this into breakthrough five with language. But when we're speaking to each other, we're always using mentalizing. We're inferring what the other person means by what they say because our language is a huge information compression of what we mean.


If you asked a human can you maximize paperclip production, they would very easily be able to infer a set of outcomes that you clearly don't want. Like converting all of Earth into paperclips Or making more than needed. Exactly. But an AI system might not. Well, The great little exchange that could detail this for you is the exchange. Bob saying, I'm leaving you. Alice says, who is she? We would all know immediately what that conversation means. Bob has not been faithful. Yeah. She wants answers. But an AI couldn't understand that. Well, so it's a really interesting, the way all this is unfolded is if you ask chat CBT, these theory of mind word problems, it does pretty well.


But the question emerges, how is it solving the problem? And is it solving the problem in the same way that the human mind does? 'cause the way it solves the problem is we've written millions and millions of theory of mind word problems and just trained it on those word problems. And so it's a big open research question, the degree with which it's actually reasoning about our mind. And that's important when we think about embedding them into our lives. If we want an AI system that's gonna help the elderly or help with mental health applications, we really want to know how is it thinking about what's going on in people's heads? Oh, great point. Because the data set will be based on quote saying people, and now you're dealing with some level of insanity. We're pretty good at intuiting. What is really going on here with the person who's saying gibberish, but if there's no comp for this gibberish, how on earth are they to?


So What you're describing is the problem of generalization, which is how well does a system generalize outside of the data it was trained on? And humans are very good at that. And it's an open question. The degree with which chat GBT is actually good at it. What we really, really do is we just give it more data to try and solve these problems. Right. Okay. So then that brings us to the last breakthrough, which is speaking and I. Think it would be interesting to just initially set up how the way we communicate does differ greatly from other animals who clearly have communication. Animals have calls, there's some dictionary of over a hundred words that chimps use, or maybe words isn't the right word, but they have calls. Yep. Yeah. Is this where we break off from those other primates?


Yes. The argument in the book Which is not novel. Lots of people have identified this is the key thing that really makes us different is language. Now there is a small subset of the community that it's important for me to nod to that thinks there's many more things that make humans unique. For example, there are still some comparative psychologists that think only humans have imagination. I find that evidence not very compelling and I don't agree with it. But there are people that make that argument. To me, most of the evidence suggests that really the dividing line between us and other animals is just that we have language. And the more you learn about language, you realize how powerful this seemingly simple tool is and why it empowered us to take over the world. So right, the bird calls and the different calls we've observed in nature, they do a very specific thing versus what We do.


We do declarative labels. So we can assign abstract symbols to things. Whereas, and I thought this was fascinating. If you look at different chimp troops, even though they've never had contact with one another, their calls are pretty much the same. You could travel all of Africa and you'll find that they're kind of the same, which is interesting. It's almost suggests that they're implicit or they're in their brain already. In fact, different species of apes have similar gestures. And so when we go into the brain, it's likely that their gestures, their communication is more akin to our emotional expressions. Our smiles are laughs, are cries.


Not the words we speak. Okay? So our ability to have these abstract symbols and have this enormous lexicon now opens up really like a rocket ship to progress as a species because we can transfer thoughts. Now, break that down for us. One really cool framing of this whole story that I find satisfying is you can kind of look at these breakthroughs as expanding the scope of what a brain can learn from. So the very first vertebraes could learn pretty much only from their own actual actions. When mammals come around, they can learn from that, but they can also learn from their own imagined actions. I can imagine going through three paths, realize only one of them leads to food and I don't have to go through all three.


My imagination taught me that when you go to primates, I can also now learn from other people's actual actions. Primates are really good imitation learning because with theory of mind, I can put myself in your shoes and train myself to do what I see you doing. But never before language, was it possible for me to learn from your imagination? Never before. Was it possible for you to render a simulation of something in your head and for you to translate that simulation to me so we all share on the same thing. And that's the power of language that Is fucking mind blowing. I have a section in the book where I call that we're the hive mind apes, because humans we're sharing ideas all the time and we're mirroring each other's ideas. Although our minds are not actually physically tethered together in principle, we are tethered together because we're constantly sharing these concepts And a fascinating graph to look at side by side as the physiology of our brain in the last 300,000 years as homo sapien sapien has not changed dramatically.


But if you chart our understanding of the world, because it compounds and compounds, anything learned is not lost. Yeah. It's built upon. It becomes this crazy trajectory by being able to pass all this on. Right. Ideas become almost their own living thing. Because even though humans die, ideas can keep passing through humans and evolve. you know, we like to think We do a lot of invention, but really what happens is we're given all these building blocks and then we kinda just remerge them together. That's our contribution as a generation. And if you took Einstein, you brought him back 10,000 years ago, he is not gonna figure out special relativity. And this is how we always sort of move the puck forward a little bit. As a generation, all we're doing is receiving ideas that are handed down from thousands of years of other past humans and we're tinkering with them a little bit and then pass them on 0.01% better, ideally Better.


We hope, you know, not always. When does that hit critical mass? Like when is there so much prerequisite info already obtained that just acquiring it takes a lifetime? When does that curve start slowing down? I even think about what I had to learn 20 years ago in college versus what you would have to learn now. And, it just keeps building and accelerating, I guess in some way. That's why AI is almost essential at some point where it's like somebody has to keep all the building blocks. I'm not an expert in this, but there are cases that I've read about where in anthropological history we've seen where groups of people get separated. There's huge knowledge loss because before writing, which is a key invention that changes the dynamic you're describing, all the information needs to be passed brain by brain.


And so because it can't all fit in one brain, there's specialization in who passes what information. And if you get a separation in this group, knowledge is lost. So there's several cases where we've seen groups get separated and technology goes backward in time. But writing changes a lot of that because writing allows us to externalize information in a way that was never before possible. It's a hard drive And it. Exactly. Anthropological hard drive where I can pass information across generations. Yeah. Do you ever play with this experiment in your head? I imagine myself going back to the 1880s. Yeah. Like I have time traveled there and I have to take what I know and somehow try to implement that in real time. I Have thought about this. Yeah, right. It's like I think I understand a helicopter when it got down to it, all this stuff I inherited, how much of it could I actually deploy?


Like could you make an iPhone? Like yeah, Noah. Right, right, right, Right. There's tons of stuff I couldn't in and then stuff. I really could, What do you think you could make The steam engine? You could Unmute, respect, man. Yeah, yeah. Well I fully understand the internal combustion engine and the steam engine and yeah, if I could work with a guy that could fabricate metal, I could do it. I couldn't do much. I Think most of us couldn't do shit. Yeah. Like we would just be telling people like, no, you wouldn't believe it. There's this box and on it you see other people doing other things like trying to, yeah. They'll be like, Prove it. It's like I can't, I can't Do it. Kind of understand how the diode worked, but not really, you know, like, like What did you do in that life? Well, I had a podcast.


I shopped a lot. There's a lot. Really great. Where are the shops on the island? I did get a shop. What if your first order of business, Monica, in the 18 hundreds was to create the row modern day. The row I was, But in some ways then I guess I would be creating money. So that's huge. Sure. That's a big deal. So how does then AI kind of fold into this crazy ability to transfer thoughts and to build on thoughts? Where is it at in that process? So the thing that's been so interesting about the recent developments in AI is how they've taken almost the exact inverse process that evolution took. So all of the big developments over the last few years have been in what's called language models like chat, GBT.


And these are systems that by and large, even the language was the fifth thing. The final thing for us, start from language. These things don't interact with the world. They don't see the world except for newer ones. They don't hear the world. All they're done is they're given the entire corpus of texts that humans have made pretty much. And they're just trained to reproduce that. And not to disparage that in incredible amount of intelligence emerges just by training it to do language. It's remarkable what chat GBT can do having been trained solely on language. By the Way, I'll add, we were with Bill Gates for a week in India and numerous times we heard him say, do we know how it works? you know, like we really don't know how it works. That was a good impression. and I just feel like, wow, if he doesn't know it Works, we don't.


Well the interesting thing is we know how it was trained because what we've done with these systems is we build an architecture, we define a learning algorithm, And, we just pump it data and then it figures out how to match the training data. And so we don't know how it solves these problems. In some ways that's great, but in some ways that's scary. Now, to be fair, do humans always know why they do what they do? Right? No, but we're a little bit better at explaining our behaviors than it seems chat. BT is. And so that's sort of a interesting challenge for us to overcome. Is there a world in which you could ask it how it did that And? it wouldn't not. You can do that. The new model that was released, if we go back to the system one, system two dynamic, one reason why we're smart at some word problems is we pause to think about them first.


And so a lot of these things that used to trick language models don't anymore because they actually did something very clever. So there's something called the cognitive reflection test. It's sort of pits our system one habitual thinking against our system to deliberate thinking against each other. So imagine the following word problem. 10 machines take 10 minutes to make 10 widgets. How long does it take to make for 500 widgets? This is hard. We can have Hold on, hold on, hold on. it was hard. No, no, I got it. I got it. I got it. hold on, hold on. We have 10 machines. 10 minutes to make 10 widgets. Yeah. How long does it take for 500 machines to make? 500 widgets? 10 minutes. Okay. Smart man.


Because the way I describe it, yeah, You'd be inclined to think it takes one minute to make a widget. Exactly. So we want to sort of fulfill the pattern recognition, but if you pause to think about it, you realize actually you just increased the number of machines that should just take the same amount of time. So if you ask questions like that to chat GBT in the past, it got those wrong. Oh it doesn't anymore. And one of the main things they do now is it's something called chain of thought prompting. And what you do is you say, think about your reasoning step by step before answering. That's one reason why chat GBT is so long, it's belabored, it writes it's thinking out a lot before answering. 'cause they've tuned it to do that 'cause it's performance goes way up when it thinks. What's so interesting about this form of thinking is it's transparent.


You can look at its thinking right in front of you. And the new version of chat, GBT they just released does even more of this. It does a lot of thinking beforehand, but all it's doing is talking out loud. In some ways that is recapitulating the notion of thinking because it's saying things in a step-by-step process before answering. Yeah, it's like reflecting before. Before. Exactly. Okay. I just wanna flag this one thing because this is in the book actually. There's a neat case of a guy who has face paralysis. He can't move his face. And so if you ask him to smile, he cannot smile. But if you tell him a joke, he will smile and laugh because you have motor control in your amygdala as well as motor control elsewhere, which is kind of nuts.


I would've thought. Motor control. But his face is then moving. Yes. Because the amygdala's firing the sequence. Oh of electricity to engage the muscles. Whereas the frontal cortex or whatever area of the brain, you would decide to make a smile that's damaged, but the amygdala's not whoa. And okay, this is my own pet peeve. Now you can shoot this down or whatever. But as I hear the war march towards AI and everyone's freak out about ai, I keep checking in with where we're at robotics wise, and we're fucking nowhere And. We get really, I think, distracted with how special our brain is at modeling and thinking and communicating.


And. we really under value our brain's ability to move these trillion muscles in an infinite amount of ways. And taking the informa, I mean, what We do physically to me is as impressive as what we're doing mentally. And we're like nowhere near that in ai. Like when I hear all these people going like, oh, we're gonna lose 8 billion jumps. Like you think there's a robot that's gonna be able to fix my car, it can go out in the garage and open the hood and diagnosed. That's fucking hundreds of years away. Do you watch South Park? Did you see the South Park? No. There's a hilarious South Park episode where all the lawyers are out of work, but the mechanics are flying to space. Yes. Oh, that's Great. There's that whole thing that doctors could be replaced, but nurses not really because they have to like put the bandaid on and they have to check, draw the blood.


Exactly. It's very hard to make predictions on these things. I think a lot of people thought that visual artists would be the last thing that AI could do. And now we have these models that produce incredible visual art. And yet, yeah, doing the dishes is still so hard to figure out how to get a robot to do that. And there's a big schism in the AI community. I tend to agree with you that I think we're gonna need new breakthroughs to figure out how to get robots to have the motor dexterity of a human. There are other people that are trying to scale up existing systems to solve these problems. I'm skeptical that approach is gonna work. I just wonder if they'll have to go through the same processes where they identify when did this motor control start? How do we build it in a much simpler way and keep adding as opposed to like trying to crack how our brains do all this.


Totally. I just think it's miraculous the way we can move our bodies through time and space and no one's really talking about that. Yep. Well listen, I was really, really intimidated by all this. It's a very, very dense and a great way book. You cover geological evolution, animal evolution, the AI history, and it's all cohesive and multi-disciplinarian, as you talked about. It's such an impressive book. You made it quite easy. So Thank You so much for helping me, me through this fucking guys put in your apps to Washington in St. Louis. Yes. That's a, has that ever been explained? They have an incredible PT program. Mm, I do know that. 'cause I know a lot of PTs.


Yes. Monica's kink is PTs. I just happen to have a lot of friends who are PTs and it's a very good program. Yeah. So you're in this space. What's the big next thing I guess that we need to kind of solve before this becomes the science fiction? Everyone thinks it is already. I think some Of the doom discussions or distracting from the more immediate challenges that we need to solve for these language models are going to be embedded all over our sort of lives. We even saw with the recent Apple announcement, we're gonna have these language models like chat g BT directly on our phones and I think there's a few things that we should think about as we roll these systems out. I think the chance that these things wake up and take over the world is not the concern.


We should be primarily focused on things like misinformation. Things like when you ask Chad PTA controversial moral question that humans don't agree in what the right answer is. Who gets to decide what Chad PT tells our children? And these are tough questions and I think these are the types of things we should think about. Also, a concept called regulatory capture. When Congress doesn't understand a new technology, who are the people that are guiding them in how to regulate it? If it's the people who get the financial benefit from deciding how it's regulated, that's a problem. Yeah. Yeah. And so making sure there's more diverse voices in those discussions, deciding how do we wanna regulate these systems to make sure that we capture the upside for humans.


I mean there's amazing things. Even just the AI systems we have today can do. For example, imagine someone who doesn't have access to high quality medical care in developed countries, is able to ask Chad CBTA question and get amazing medical answers. Play that forward five years to when it's actually way better at answering medical questions. That's incredible. That for free you can effectively have access to an incredible doctor. Think about education. I was grateful that I really loved my educational program. My wife didn't really feel like she jived with the way she was taught in high school and middle school and so on. And the reason is because we have to just train to the average. Yes. Right? Or to one group. We can't give everyone the same pedagogy. 'cause people are all different. And, we only have one teacher. But with these AI systems, you can imagine that everyone has their own personalized tutor that helps 'em learn the way they wanna learn.


Like these are incredible things we can do. So we don't wanna regulate AI to the point where we can't capture these amazing benefits, but we need to protect against the possible downsides. And, we wanna make sure the right voices are part of that process. Seems really obvious that academia is gonna have to play a huge role in that. Right? Because who else is gonna know about all this stuff and stay abreast of it in the way that an entrepreneur's gonna, I mean don don't even know if academics can even be on par. The reason I'm hopeful is 'cause social media was kind of like training wheels for this AI thing. The way we approach the social media problem is we always post hoc regulate. We always say let it play out. Let's see what goes wrong and then we'll try and bandaid the problems. and I think most people agree that approach wasn't a great one with social media Didn't really work out.


Yeah. Right. Right. Although I'll just add into that. So many of them are absolutely unimaginable. I think in good conscious, those people at YouTube designed their algorithm to give you more of what you wanted. Not anticipating you'd get more radicalized in the process. But that's what he's saying. It's after the fact that it's like Oh. yeah. That's bad. As opposed to anticipating. That's why I'm only flagging that is like, that's what people are calling for is more anticipatory regulation. But my argument against that is you actually can't anticipate what things emerge from these something. Okay. I mean, to some degree you can, but it's like we just saw it time and time again where it's like the best intention thing. Well wow, this fucking result was inconceivable. I'm not advocating for any specific regulation. I'm not even saying we need lots of regulation.


All I'm saying is we definitely want our eyes on the ball. The answer might be, you know, the risks aren't worth doing anything. And, we wait and see. But making sure we have our eyes on the ball is I think important. And the conversation's not fully complete unless you also acknowledge the geopolitical pressure. Of course we should regulate this and slow it down. Okay. But no one else in the world's going to, well, that's not an option. Just kind of go Well, okay, so really we're just on this fucking missile because everyone's on the missile. Yeah. And we're gonna do our best. But I just think it's a little naive to think we can either stop in ways. It's unfortunate, but also I think it's the reality. Well don don't think anyone's asking for stopping, but I think regulation can also help actually with progress.


If we have regulations and other countries don't, we're like, oh no. That actually might implode for them. Yeah. Maybe there'll be one where we go, we're gonna sit this one out. They might get the advantage or they might collapse. Yeah. You got dark. Yeah. Anyways, max, this was awesome. I love your book Thank You. It's so good. I've recommended it to so many people. I'm gonna listen to it probably a third and fourth time. I hope everyone checks it out. Thanks so much for coming. A Brief History of Intelligence evolution, AI in the five Breakthroughs that made our Brains and just all love to Angela Duckworth. She's the one who turned me onto this book. Do you know her personally? Someone Sent me the podcast she was on. it was like, Angela likes your book. So I reached out to her. She's so amazing. The best. Oh, She's so awesome. She the best.


So we've become friendly. We've chatted a few times. She's amazing. Yeah. Oh, I love her. She is a content mega bomb. She's so great. Alright, well good luck with everything everybody read. A Brief. History of Intelligence. Until your next book. Thanks for having me. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert. If you dare. Have you ever covered a carpet stain with a rug ignored a leaky faucet? Pretended your half painted living room is supposed to look like that. Well, you're not alone. We've all got unfinished home projects. But there's an easier way. Thumbtack is the app that makes it easier to care for your home. Pull out your phone and in just a few taps, search, chat, and book.


Highly rated pros right in your neighborhood. Download Thumbtack and start caring for your home the easier way. We hope you enjoyed this episode. Unfortunately they made some mistakes. New jumper. Yes. Yes it is. You know, your question kind of stuck with me last night and I was ruminating on like, oh, why don't you ever say anything about JD Vance anymore? Hmm. And I had like an answer while we were driving, but I really thought about it more and I think, my conclusion is six and a half years ago, everyone loved him. Everyone was sucking his deck and loved his book and, and I was like, this guy's full of shit.


Warning, this guy's full of shit. That was what I wanted to shine a light on. This guy's full of shit. So once everyone agrees that there, he's full of shit. I don't, I'm not inclined. and I was thinking, yeah, that's my worldview. So you and I fought in November where I was going, Biden is not competent. He's, it's not, he's not gonna win an election. And everyone was mad. Come July, everyone sees the debate and they're like, Oh. yeah. He can't do it. I'm not, a lot of people thought at that time of the debate, I'm not going, he can't do it. Like I already, I was sounding the alarm. You normally do say this though. You do normally say like, yeah, I've been saying this for a long time. Like, I've heard you say that many times. Yeah. My, your, I think worldview, what you scan for is like who's being oppressed, which is great.


And how do I advocate for people? Mine is my triggers group. Think when I think everyone's like under the spell of somebody or there's some weird group think that I think has gone awry. That's my calling. Like that's the thing that'll animate me and motivate me to be loud. But you also do want people to, to think like when you said he's full of shit, you wanted people to think that that's also group think that you're hoping that turns into group think. No, I'm hoping it shatters group think Into a new group. Think like it's all Well into reality. Reality was he was full of shit. Like that's been demonstrated. Yeah, definitely.


I and I told and I was, and I was screaming at. Yeah, exactly. So in essence like that's been accomplished. The group think had the spell has shattered on him. So don don't have a role in that anymore. Yeah. I was just surprised. I never heard you say like, yeah, I've been calling that for a long time. Like and I told you so or something. Yeah. Because I do think you can do that. I have heard you do that in a good way when he came onto the political scene and it was so shockingly abrupt. Crazy. Yeah. And very different from the guy In the book. Exactly. Yeah. I said to you, I was like, oh my God, you were right. Yeah. Like you were right. And I've also told many people like D's called this for a really long time.


Thank. You for that. I just was, I, I realized why like, it was a very legitimate question. Like why did you hate him so much for six and a half years ago? Now the guy's actually gonna maybe be vice president. You have nothing to say about him. Well, I feel like you're done saying bad stuff. Which I find kind of, there's a part of me that's like, well now that he is associated with this other side, that I do think sometimes you try to protect that or Yeah. I think that's what you thought it was motivated out of, which is very legitimate guess at what's going on. And so I just, I really thought about what's going on. 'cause that's not what it is. I mean, other than I'm not trying to piss off Yeah. Half the country ever. Yeah. But at that time he didn't, he didn't represent a political faction.


He just, in my opinion, was a guy, everyone exactly bought into that I thought was full of shit. Yes. So, and I think the Biden thing's the same thing. Like, I had a lot to say when it seemed to me like I wanted to go, guys, guys, guys, we have to pivot. Like we have to figure this out. Yeah. And then once people were ready to pivot, I was done. you know, I was past that. Like, the thing I had hoped would, would people would finally get on board with had happened and So. yeah. My focus is, it's just my think my nature. It's like now I'm, I'm looking around, I'm like, what's, what's another thing that we're all kind of a little delusional about and I think is gonna explode or implode? And that. And that. Just my, I think that's my nature of, that's the thing I'm always looking for and sounding alarms.


Yeah. you know, that makes sense. If I look at my history of who people I have like agendas against. Sure. It's never the popular bad guy. Right. I'm not, and then that may be my outsider punk Rocky. I think it has a lot to do with single mom in a really IIC neighborhood where everyone was married. Yeah. I think that's where the chip on my shoulder comes. Like that was the group think. Right? Sure. And I was like, you guys are wrong. Like our whole hold is is is actually very truthful and very, has a lot of integrity and honesty. you know, So. yeah. I think that's my kink and I think that's why I used to talk about 'em a lot. Now I'm not not interested in talking about 'em and I think if you look at who I'm current, like my little things I'm stuck on right now, if and when those ever turn out, I'm right about those.


I will, I'll have no interest in them anymore. Interesting. That make any sense? Yeah, It does. It was fun to think about. Well good. Yeah. What did you think about I have We won an award last night. We did. Yes. Yeah. We won an award, which is, this was A post award chat on the car ride home. it Was, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We won a really nice award from Variety. Yeah. Greatest podcast of all time award. Yeah. I didn't read what the official award was, but that was, but I think it was That's what they were indicating Greatest podcast in the history of podcasting. Yeah. And it was, it was lovely. And, we And, we went to FKI think that's how you pronounce it. Is That how You say it? I think So. F-U-N-K-E. Yeah.


Which is a very hard to get in restaurant. And they like did this whole thing us. We were on A rooftop. Yeah. it was, It was nice. It was very nice. Rob. Will you look up when the official first podcast ever was? Oh, that's a good question. I just wanna know how embarrassingly short the history of this medium is 2003. Okay. 21 years. 2003. What was it? So this is technically Radio Open Source by Christopher Linden was the first podcast launched in 2003. Thank You, Christopher Linden. I feel like we should have a portrait of Christopher Lyndon. Yeah. I'm assuming he is not a Nazi or something. don don't. I haven't done enough research. Let's Do some deep dive.


Let's just figure out if he'll, if he's worthy of having Yeah. I feel like he needs to be honored. I do too. He gave us our lives. That's a ding, ding, ding. Because I just, I was editing a one sheet for an upcoming project that we're all involved with that has to do with an early podcast experience. A early podcast that I found that I loved and was obsessed with. But that did have me thinking about podcasting before I was in podcasting. Yeah. Which is crazy. 21 years old years Clive Bethal. What was the name? it was 10. 10 windows ago. Yeah. Shit. We're supposed to honor him and I already forgot his name.


Oh fuck. Very honor. I'm very bad at honoring everyone. Christopher Lyden. Christopher Lyden. Christopher Lyden. Christopher Lyden. Lyden. Yeah. L-Y-D-O-N. Oh, That makes me think of Johnny Lyden. Don Don't know who that is. Lead singer of the Sex Pistols. And then PIL. Cool. Great. We're not here to honor him. I am a loved PIL. He just moved on so quickly from Clive. Well it's gonna help that I can remember his last Christopher. Oh, Christopher. Lighten. Lighten. Let's put a picture of Johnny Lighten up. No, I'm against him. That's Group Think. What was his nickname? In In In The Sex Pistols? It wasn't Johnny Leiden. it was like, it was Sid Vicious and I.


Think he had like a gross nickname for himself. Johnny Rotten. Johnny Rotten. It's like when you talk about cars, speaking of we're ha we're recording with the guest today that I Know. But I love, I'm so excited. But I know there's gonna be a chunk chunk of time that's gonna go to some car talk. don don't prepping mentally. I don't think we're gonna have time today. I started the book last night. It's so good. It's so good. It's so fucking good. Don don't normally do that. I don't like to do that. Yeah. Yeah. But I couldn't help myself. Myself. How you resist such A good author. Help myself. Yeah. It's so tasty. The way this author crafts their stories, which is very proprietary to them, which is so interesting, is laying out like 30 different stories at a time that are ultimately gonna get all woven together to this overarching hypotheses.


Hypothesis. Hypothesis. It's a singular hypothesis. He's so playful. So last night you guys wouldn't have know this, but I was so distracted from the moment we got on Fountain because we were driving behind a 1988 Mustang GT convertible. Okay. What color? Black. Oh wow. Of course. In high school. And I'll give him specific credit. Johnny O'Neill. Johnny Leiden. Pretty similar. This kid was, he's the most gorgeous kid. Colleen's older brother. Okay. Colleen. Who I was in love with. Suna Kaha. Oh. Who is Suna girl? There's so many people. History. That's Randy Hamina Junior High. This is now high school.


Okay. Got it. But I thought you were with Carrie the whole time in high school. No, Randy Hamina was off and on from seventh grade till ninth grade. She broke up with me when I moved to another town. Okay. Very early into ninth grade. Oh, what a day. I was already such a loser at my new school. and I had a really bad haircut. and I had, I didn't have cool enough clothes. Yeah. and I had a lot of acne. My nose got big and I lost weight. it was a rough, and then she dumped me, by the way, she should have dumped me. it was n nothing on her. We didn't live in the same town anymore. And. we were fucking, it was more Logistics issue. It wasn't around long distance. Lot of sight outta mine. Yeah. That's ninth grade. And then I'm pretty much girlfriend lists as I recall, until probably 11th grade.


Okay. and I had had that hot streak sixth through eighth grade. So it was a real adjustment. Okay. it was completely lonely. Then I then, I don't remember the order. I think Stephanie in 11th grade for a while and then before that fall in love with Colleen. But Colleen's not having it. Oh, Colleen wasn't having it. Oh, okay. Okay. God bless it. So she was in the 10th grade realm. 10th till Forever. But her older brother, we've gotten totally di So he had a 1988 Mustang gt. Whoa. White. Oh, white titanium white. Wow. Five speed stick. Wow. Convertible very 5.0 with the rag top down so my hair can blow in the circa of vanilla ice.


That's cool. And he was gorgeous. Mm. And he had all his whole, his whole wardrobe was the cavariccis. Wow. And Gerbo. Wow. They, so they were rich. His family, They were loaded. Wow. The dad did commercial plumbing for fucking assembly plants. Wow. Yeah. Good for Colleen. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I have since heard updates. I don't wanna spread any disinformation, but I, Johnny has taken over that company and I think it's a fucking enormous. And what I love about his Johnny, it was a total fuck up. Of course. He was just gorgeous and a good dancer. you know, A really cool car. I thought he was the greatest. He's probably two or three years older than me. Yeah. Anyways, so that car, for me, I was like, man, if I had that white Mustang, I'd be just like Johnny O'Neill.


Oh wow. I'm surprised you didn't get one. That's my whole point. So I have been longing for that car, by the way. They're not that expensive. Sure. It's not like I want a Mercedes or anything. Yeah. It's an eighties Mustang. It's the Fox mug. Yes. Or the black bear I guess. But I have been longing for it, wanting it last night, driving for 20 minutes. Completely distracted by the car in front of me. Mm. How's that a stick? Is it this, did he keep the factory wheels on it? Does he have the fan wheels on it? All this stuff was happening and then me going like, why don't I have that car? I can afford that car. I should have that car. We should all be driving in that convertible car right now home from this dinner. Wow. But I'm like, it's almost more fun to want the car. I know when I have the car, it'll be another car that battery is dying and the airs pressure is always wrong 'cause I don't drive it enough.


And yeah. All this stuff. Yeah. But my fantasy of it is really fun and cruising around like Johnny O'Neill. Yeah. And being a great dancer and running a huge HVAC company. I mean, what was the first one? Gorgeous. Is that what I Said first? Maybe. I don't remember. But I mean, you have achieved all those things. I do own A-H-V-A-C company. Most people don't know that in the audience either. You know what I mean? Yes, yes, yes, yes. So you don't No, I just Great. You don't mean you don't need to be him. You, you. Well you became him. Well that is the great joke of life is that like none of the things that you think are gonna heal the wounds that you have do.


And so, yes, I can intellectually acknowledge like I became Johnny O'Neill in so many ways. Right. But that car will have the magic it had. Yeah. For my whole life. Which is awesome. The GT bicycle will have the magic, the horror will like all the things I wanted that I couldn't have will always have their little magic. It's kind of neat. It Is neat. I, well then I agree. You shouldn't get it. and I don't like convertibles Noted. Do you understand? Don't ever mind me a convertible unless it's Okay. Good to know. An 87 to 90 Mustang. Oh My gosh. Ah, so many words. Do you know How long I listened about mugs with a smile on my face?


Yeah. But here I don't care about mugs. I care about mugs. As much as you care about cars. Listen. Do you think that I talk about mugs as much as you talk about cars for real. I think. Think you talk about fashion and clothes and bags in the row and mugs collectively much more than I talk about cars. Okay. That might be true. I don't know. We'd have to do a a, I guess Rob go through everything. I'll have the calculation a compliment. Do ask AI to tell us, I guess what's esoteric is subjective. Oh, for sure. 'cause don don't know anything about these bags. Yeah. Like for you, the reason one bag's better than the other Or We were driving on the way to the event last night and from like 200 yards, you're like, I have that same purse the woman has.


Yeah. That purse to me. Yeah. you know, I wouldn't be able to delineate it between any other purse. Sure. I get it. I could describe it as medium, small or large. Yeah. Yeah. I wasn't, I wouldn't have expected you two. Like I would. Oh right. Yeah. I'm just saying it's esoteric for sure. Yeah. It's esoteric from my point of view. I think they're the same. Yeah, I get that. Yeah, they're probably the same. Yeah. So this is for Max Bennett. He was great. He looked so much like my friend Max to me. Callie's Max. Yes. Callie's husband Max. To me they looked very similar and they both really liked Sci-Fi. And they're both tall and they're both named Max and I.


Thought that was some sort of rip in the, in the, you did FaceTime continuum. it was a, it was a sim glitch. Yes. And in your And Callie's Max's defense, because I think he'd be really pissed if I didn't point this out. Okay. They did diverge on their thighs. Oh. Because Max, your Max Callie's Max has world class tree trunk thighs. That's nice of you to say. And Max Bennett's were great. Yeah. There was nothing wrong with that. No. But they were in no way the once in a lifetime thighs of Ymax and Kelly's Max. Well that's very kind. I believe Max's parents listen to this. So, good job.


Really great station. Really great. I've been getting some con, some legitimate complaints that they're not hearing. Hey y'all. Really great station. Oh, enough. And that's a Thank You for calling us out on that because that, that is an oversight And, it should be said needs once every third episode. It Needs to make its way back. Yes. In the rotation. Hey y'all really great. Stay shown. Has any, do you think that should slide down this way so your feet can fit under it and it's not Right on. Yeah, probably. Lemme see how that looks and feels. Let's see how that goes. That would be good. Well, does it affect your feet though? No, I can chill with this. Okay. Yeah. That's better I think. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's great. I gotta go a little bit this way, if that's okay. There it is. Okay.


Great. For anyone that's viewing this, this is a new purchase. I went out on a limb. I'm not generally in this trifecta of creatives allowed to make stylistic choices. That's, I've been kind of famously with the lazy boys, a lot of criticism. So I just, despite all that, I'm like, I'm still gonna take a big swing on a coffee table. Yeah. You wanted to get a new coffee table. Yes. I didn't like that. That one was too wide. Although this one isn't ter much narrower. Yeah, it looks similar. But I also wanted something dork in the middle. Dork in the middle I know that's our difference. Yeah. That's our difference. This rug is too white for me.


So when you looked at, in my opinion, the wide, and you had this very light rug with that really white coffee table there, it's there. it was a washout for me. I wanted some dimension. Got it. Yeah. Well, does that make sense? It Does make sense. I am, I You like a lighter coffee table? I don't like it when it's all dark. Right. And. it does. This space is on the darker side in a good way. We have dark green and it's very library esque. So. yeah. I like a light mix in to that. Yeah. But I think it's great. and I, I like the length. The length is good. it was a little short. That coffee table. That's a fun gender thing. I wish that maybe Kat would've brought some of that into it because most of the wives, I know, want a white everything.


They want a white kitchen and they want a white couch and they want white, white, white, white. don don't know. It's interesting. Yeah. And guys are like, I want a den. Yeah. and I want dark and I want dark wood. Why would men be more drawn to darker colors and women more drawn to lighter colors? That is, that's fascinating. It is interesting. There must be something like cave-Like Evolutionary maybe. Yeah. I don't know. To be clear though, I don't want a white all white. That's not for me. Okay. I like color. My new kitchen is not white. In fact, it's quite dark. It is, yes. Okay. But it, but I need pops of light and I need like a lot of light coming in. Yep.


When the guy has his dream space, it's like a dungeon. Yeah. With a dark bar and a dark everything and dark leather, everything. Yeah. Yeah. It's so interesting. It Is. I, I mean, I guess the stereotype is like, it needs to be dark to play your video games. But I don't, I don't know how evolutionary don Don't play video games though. I Know. I know. But, but Yeah, my favorite room in the house is definitely the theater room. Yeah. You like watching stuff. I like being in a like ca a dark cave, minimal stimulation. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. As soothing. Yeah.


You are also mixed messages. You like your cave and you like minimal stimulation, but you also, as you said last week, you thrive on chaos extroversion. Yeah. On people and, and stimuli in those stimuli. Those types of things. So it kind of, So great. Yeah. We might be onto something. Okay. Let's figure it out. So I think because my external presenting real life is generally I seek out stimuli chaos when I'm doing my chill thing. Yeah. I want none of that. That makes sense. And then I think conversely for like Kristen, who doesn't want to go out and be super extroverted and social and get overstimulated. Yeah.


In her little world where she's in the house a lot, she does then need it there. Sure. That makes sense. Yeah. You didn't see when you walked in. But Alex Reed from Bill Gates's team send us a beautiful photograph Oh. Of our time in India. Oh, wonderful. Yeah. Which is nice. We'll have to figure out where to put it. We Got some blank space over there. Yeah. We'll we'll find a spot. Yeah. And that. We also gotta get Chris Leiden up. That's true. Don't Make room for I got it though this time. Yeah, That was good. Only 'cause of Jimmy lied. Johnny lied. Sorry. Max. Bennett. Okay Max. So how many atoms in the universe? According to scientific estimates, there are approximately 10 to the power of 10.


10 to the power of 78 to 10 to the power of 82. So that translates to a number between 10 quadrillion ilion. Ooh, wait, 10 quadrillion ventil and 100,000 quadrillion ilion atoms. When do you think we'll have our first ilion there? Yeah. Ilion. I don't think I've ever heard that word. I might not be saying it right. It's V-I-G-I-N-T-I-L-L-I-O-N. Vil. Yeah. The you. The G might be pronounced, I'm not sure, but I would guess it's not. And What was chess 10 to the power of one 20?


Say it again, sorry. I Think chess was 10 to the power of one 20 as opposed to 10 to the power of 78 or 10 to the power of 60. I think it's 10 to the power of one 20. Chess. Chess outcome. What Permutations There is, this says, It's in my notes from the episode. It says, yeah, the number of possible variations in chess is so large that it is estimated to be between. This just says Too many. I Think 10 to the power of one 20. Yeah. Okay. That's, but what is this? Are you in the national museum's? Liverpool? What is this? That makes no sense. Right, Exactly. But it says, which Is more than the number of atoms in the observable universe number is known as Shannon.


The Shannon number. Ooh. How did Shannon get her name on that number? That's cool for her. Because I don't recall. Like, there's not a famous grand master named Shannon a Mathematician. Claude Shannon. Claude Shannon. Look, I'm just gonna say the AI overview Is a little lacking there. That was not right. Yeah. It didn't understand something there. Yeah. Ding, ding, ding. Yeah. Hallucination. Ding, ding, ding. Human intelligence. A brief history. Okay, now chimps. So you said they had like a hundred word vocabulary, kind of like dictionary sort of Calls. Yeah. So it says they, how they squeak, they bark. Sometimes they scream, then grunt, then bark, and then scream all in a row.


And they capture 900 hours of primate sounds. This is, as it turns out, chimps are particularly fond of a few combinations. Hoot pant, grunt hoot, pant hoot and pant hoot pant scream. Hmm. Sometimes they combine two separate units into much longer phrases. Two thirds of the primates were heard belting out five part cries by combining the letters that chimps had roughly 400 calls in their vocabulary. Hmm. When we did the gorilla trek. You're with some, what we would call here like DNR people, like state rangers, Rwandan state rangers. And they speak gorilla.


Wow. So as they're coming closer, like they're kind of, they're telling them it's cool. They're telling them to back up. They're telling Wow. And they do the pant and the hoot and the grunt. And they fucking speak gorilla. And it's so impressive. That's So cool. Yeah. Yeah. And they're, they're talking a lot to them, Right? Yeah. They're really communicating with them. God though, is this like chimp crazy where it's like everyone feels that, that they know each other so well and it's a trusting environment and then the gorilla just will attack. Well, gorillas aren't like chimps. They don't do that kind of thing. Okay. Okay. Because of their structure. Right. Oh, they're, they're pe they're task False the way they're a range. They're a harem group.


So there's one silverback. He has access to all the females. The other males that live there won't get a silverback. Now, weirdly in the Salza group we were looking at, there were two other silverbacks. But that's 'cause they were the brother of the main silverback and they had already gotten their silver and another troop and then rejoined. Okay. But, but regardless, they're not having to fight nonstop. They do it kind of, once they have their tenure, then they get overthrown. Whereas these, the chimps are fucking a, they're hunting other monkeys. They're fighting leopards. Yeah. They're fighting other troops. The gorilla troops rarely interact and fight each other. Like just the lifestyle of the chimp. They have to be so much more aggressive and wild.


Yeah. And scary as fuck. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's the difference between having a cow as a pet and a tiger. Right? Like they have different instincts. They do different things in the wild and they make better or worse pets. Interesting. Yeah. But I still wouldn't recommend getting a gorilla as a pet. No. 'cause think how much damage the chimp at 200 pounds did Travis. Yeah. And a male silverback has 450 pounds. Jesus Christ. Four 50 as you recall. When the one came at me and shoulder checked me, I felt like I was in a sh in a movie with giants, you know? Yeah.


Scary. Oh, it was something. And it's not four when we see a 450 pound man. Yeah. It's mostly collected all around their abdomen. Right. The 450 pounds is in their shoulders, just in their bicep and their lats. So when they're coming at you, you're seeing like hundreds of pounds of muscle. They've never attacked. They do often. Okay. So 50% of the time that they interact with a group, the silver back will grab one of the humans. Okay. Then. But it grabs one of the humans, And it drags 'em out of the circle and drops 'em. They don't ever bite 'em. They don't ever tear down it. It's Never happened According to the, the Rangers.


Really? I don't think they could bring groups of people up in there. Like there, we also went on a chimp trek in Rwanda and you're, you can't go interact with them. Right. You can't get close to them. You're hoping to hear them, maybe hoping to spot them. By the way, on that track, I was a mess. I didn't like it. Yeah. Because I know what chimps can do. Yeah. but Yeah the, the silverbacks won't. Now, if you were to run in and grab one of the babies Right. It would Kill you. But if you're just sitting there observing and it'll just come demonstrate I'm in charge here. They drag you out. They drop you, and then that's it.


And they said it's gonna happen to half the groups we bring up. So if it's you, here's what you do. You just go limp, you submit and he'll just drag you. Ew. Let you go. No, no. Yeah. And everyone's wearing a backpack. Right. 'cause you have your water and shit. And so they grab you by the backpack. They generally don't even grab you by like an arm or anything. Oof. Yeah. That's so scary. Yeah. It's so scary. We love it. But I'm much more afraid of a 160 pound chimp than I am a four 50 pound gorilla. Crazy. And We've seen this footage where babies fall into the gorilla enclosure and like the silverback go and protect the, the human child. That's Yeah. Yeah. But we're not babies.


No. But they have a much sweeter Side. Yeah. I guess I could maybe if they grab me, I would say Go Kaga. That's, try to pretend that A really good strategy. Yeah. Yeah. Gaga. Well if I was doing that, Like what's going on with this human? We should kill it. It's acting very weird. Well, If he grabbed me, my training took over. You never know when training's gonna take over. No, no, no, no. If I try to wrestle. No, no, no. Oh my god. You know, I do have weird desires of ch like testing myself against other animals. Yeah. I know you do.


It Really all started when working at Chosen Chutes. Maybe I've told you this in the past or not, but the, I worked with a guy whose dad had wild animals up northern Michigan and they had a cougar. Oof. And he was regularly talking about how scary this cougar was. and I said, the Cougar's only 110 pounds. I would, for the right amount of money, if everyone here at chosen shoots was willing to pay like 20 bucks, I will get in a full leather motorcycle leather and a helmet, And it, something to protect my neck. Oh my God. And I'll get in the cage and wrestle the thing. Because as long as I'm protecting myself from like punctures, I can overpower 105 pound. I could lift it up and I could do things.


Ugh. and I was really inching towards maybe that happening. Okay. It just didn't. But certainly on a drunk night that could have happened. Jesus. But I think I draw the line up at the Cougar 110 pounds. Okay. And there's some, well, no, you've been wanting to fight a mountain lion. Well, that's a cougar. Yeah. Oh, they're the same thing. Yeah. Puma cougar, mountain lion are all the same thing. Huh? I thought pumas were black. There are black pumas. In fact, I just read, wasn't it in our guy's book? I think it is in our guy's book. Okay. Which one? Max's? No, our upcoming guest. Okay. They discovered this insane thing about cheetahs. Okay.


So the cheetah population was dwindling dramatically. And at some point in the eighties or whatever, I don't know what year it was, they decided, well, there was a general movement in zoology to go like, let's stop taking animals from the wild and start breeding programs at zoo so we don't have to take them from the wild. So great. I stand by that. And they were having an impossible time breeding cheetahs and they couldn't figure out why they couldn't get any of these cheetahs to procreate. And then they discovered at some point they did a bunch of work on them and they discovered that cheetah's experience this really weird collapse in their population. And they're pretty sure the entire, the entire population came from a single mom with like eight pups.


So it's an, it's the most inbred species. Whoa. That they know about. They talk about skin grafts. So skin grafts are nearly impossible to get to take human to human. Mm. Your body will reject if you, if I take some of your skin, it'll reject it immediately get necrotic. Okay. The only people that can really do skin grafts are identical twins. Oh wow. Because they have the same DNA and the body doesn't. That's Cool. Recognize it as foreign. Wow. They can skin graft any cheetah at any cheetah. Oh, weird. And they test it just, well maybe cheetahs except skin grafts. No. Then they do like a house cat rejects anything that rejects. But you can skin graft any cheetah at any, there's no diversity. Right.


So two things, when they would procreate, it would reject nonstop. The way our body does, our body is 50% of all pregnancies self terminate. Half because half the time it observes some genetic anomaly. Or there's disjunction. you know, some, all these things happen. Well what was happening with the cheetahs is they're aborting all of them, basically because they're all detecting these genetic abnormalities because of the inbreeding. Yeah. And then what really sucked about it is that in this population, they finally got some ground with breeding them. They caught a coronavirus and they all died. Whoa. Because they have the same genetics. So if if, if it's gonna be lethal to one of them Yeah.


It's gonna be lethal to all of them. Yeah. Interesting. So they're so, they're so, you know, vulnerable. Yeah. 'cause of the lack of diversity. Ding ding, ding, ding ding. We love diversity here. Yeah. Interesting. This episode was brought. Interesting. No, don, don't say welcome. I say we are supported by diversity. Oh gosh. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Oh, Pumas. Yeah. So the Florida panther, which is a puma, which is black. Can Be black. So panthers, pumas. Yep. Panthers, COEs, Puma, mountain lion. No, not coyotes, mountain lions, Cougars and Cougars are all the same.


What? Species? Species. But they're different. Right? Well, What They can be black, they can have spots. That's D in the same way you can be, be brown and I can be white and we're the same species. Totally. I'd say there's more variation in human species than there are between these pumas. Huh. Okay. So The Florida panther was getting incredibly rare and also getting very, very inbred. And so they wanted to protect the Florida panther. But in order to protect the Florida panther, the really only the solution that they had to use is they had to capture a dozen Texas pumas.


Okay. And let them loose in the Everglades so that they could give some variety in the genes. And there was a bit of an, I guess, intellectual or moral quandary. It's like, well if we're trying to protect this specific animal, but the way we protect it is make it a different animal. Is that Oh? yeah. Interesting. Yeah. What do We do you know they did it though, And. it helped. That's good. That's also diversity. Yes. Yes. And Texas meets Florida And interracial marriage. Yeah. Yeah. We're pro it. Yeah. Absolutely. We almost prefer it. Yeah. Mixed people are way better looking than non-med people. Yeah. Beautiful. Beautiful people. Look at Calvin and oh my god, Vinny, my god.


God, Jesus. Petes. So did they call that a different kind of panther? No, they're calling it the Florida panther. They Still are. Okay. But we all know wink wink. It's a bit of Texas puma and Okay. Maybe white nationalists now reject the panther. you know? 'cause it's not pure anymore. Yeah, probably. Yeah. That's the funny thing about this desire for purity. It's like really a desire for vulnerability. Sure. Right. It is. It's making yourself very vulnerable, counterintuitive and dumb. Yeah. As much of the white nationalist agenda is Well true. True.


They're consistently, That is very, very true. Do you think we have any white nationalist listeners? Oh my gosh. I We Do an arm. I gotta applaud them. If they can get through this show with such a radically different mindset than ours, I almost have to apply the open mind applaud. The open-mindedness. You're hesitant to applaud. What Is don Don't think I can allow us to ever What just one aspect of their like, here's a great example. But they could hate watch it like And that I, oh, I don't want that. Well, if they're hate watching it, then I don't applaud it. But if they're like, I totally disagree with this, but I'm open to hearing what they have to say, I am gonna applaud just that sliver of their personality. Okay. Kind of like you gotta, this happened. This is Brene Brown's great example of during the hurricane in Houston.


Yeah. Her great example is that when the people in boats showed up to the people drowning, no one said, what pol what are your politics? Sure. Nor did they ask before they rescued somebody. What are your politics? And so that's a very beautiful part. Yeah. And, we just cannot, we can just celebrate the heroes who rescued people. Yeah. We don't need to, we can, we have room to do that. And then also hate maybe other aspects of them. Sure. Yeah. But I don't, that's not the same. The white nationalists aren't heroes 'cause they listen to us. No, but they're demonstrating an open-mindedness. That is impressive. Sure. Yeah. I mean, I hear you. But it's, it's their inha their, their whole being is not open-mindedness.


Right? Yeah. So if they're taking this radical step, well Maybe they like you. You're a white tall, white Arian guy. I'm A good post, I'm a good masthead For their movement. Yeah. I know that we're well I am. I guess it's like if they get, if they listen to the fact check Yeah. Then I guess It's worth some. It's interesting. But also they probably wanna kill me. How about this? Lets, they definitely want me to be, let's go eradicated, Let's go broader. 'cause I think this is like, this is a pretty agreed upon parenting technique. It's like you can spend all your energy focusing on the things you don't like that they're doing and have a very negative approach. Or you can just positively reinforce and celebrate the things they're doing that you like. I think it's in that Zocdoc that we loved about that kind man who sat and talked to people.


I think that's what he did. Yeah. I did that my whole life. I had to do that my whole life. There's a lot of people. A lot of people. My, a lot of people you had to overlook. Love a lot of people. I love parents. A lot of stuff. Yeah. Who I still love. But a lifetime of practice, of turning a blind eye to things that actively are AG against my best interests that are, that are hateful and mean. Yeah. I had to find the good in order to survive there. Yeah. And it's exhausting. Yeah. To live a life like That. I'm sure I'm, and I would, can only imagine.


So like, I guess at this stage out, I don't have to do that anymore. Yeah. Yeah. and I don't, We don't wanna Do that. I'm kind of tired of it, you know? Yeah. I think I like put my time in on that. Yeah. But here's the other, the, this is the other truth. Those, those people in my life, they're still, they still are. I still love them. Yes. And your involvement helped bring them closer towards where you would Want. I wish, but I have to. I don't think so. You don't think so, Especially like seeing the trajectory over time and seeing where those people are now and what they're All About doing. Yeah. I don't think so. Which is a bummer. It does bum me out because I So is your take throwing the towel, like it's just not worth, those people can't change, you know, there's no, Well, I definitely don't think I can make anyone change ever.


and I think that's like a lesson learned across the board for me over and over and over again. and I think that's like a, that's a good lesson. Like you're not gonna change anyone. Right. So. yeah. Those are, those are their beliefs. Yeah. And I'm not here to change them. Yeah. And so the people that are already in my life, I love deeply. Right? Yeah. And like, that's not changing. But I don't know that I'm interested at this stage in life of adding more people in who I need to do that cycle with. It's not who, well, Brene, Brendan ding, ding, ding again. She said, yeah, maybe it's not your job to set the table for that. Totally agree. I I certainly have the capacity to do that. I haven't been exhausted by that. I haven't had to do that.


Yeah. And then also I've watched a lot of those documentaries. Now I've yet to see the one where I thought I was watching the white nationalist person and I was like, yeah, that person's really smart and they're really educated and they had a lot of opportunity and they were really loved. Sure. And so they have all those things and they're deciding this clearly. Well, I'm writing them. Fuck them. you know, they're, I'm right. Pretty often I think like as much as I delore that group and their thoughts, I also think yeah, they're probably a victim of their circumstances. Of course they are. Well, not all by the way, a lot of these people Yeah. Not all that I'm talking about are rich entitled white people. Yeah. Yeah. But Yeah, I'm talking about these weird white nationalists I see in these documentaries.


Sure, sure. Or they'll fucking whack jobs who tried to kidnap the governor of Michigan. I fully agree with you. I'm like, that's that's a, they're a product of their background and their history. But even more so why I'm like, I'm not gonna be the person to come in and and change it. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm just not, yeah. It's not their fault. I still, you know, I do abide, I do stand by that. It's not your fault, but it is your responsibility. Right. Right, right, right. and I think the stories I find most inspiring is the episode of Blame. It's the Jewish gentleman who brought Megan Phelps roper Yeah. Jewish food on her hate line. Yeah. Like, if, if I talk about who I would most aspire to be and don't even think I have the capacity to be, it is those people.


It's the ones that I'm like, wow. How did you find it in your heart to be that generous to the enemy? Yeah. That's like, to me, the high watermark of what a human's capable of or blame this man murdered my daughter and I'm still gonna develop this friendship with him in prison. Yeah. Is like, that's who I would pray to be. Sure. you know, it's, it's kind of aspirational. Yeah, it is. Well, there weren't obviously very many facts From that. He knows his facts. He knows 'em all. He knows every fact. So there weren't many. There weren't many. There were many there. One more you want go to? No, there is something I wrote down, but I'm not gonna say it. Okay.


Because things are too contentious. Well, no, it's just, it's too esoteric. Okay. Okay. It's about the row. Oh, I don't care. I, I, I don't ha I don't have a problem listening to your stuff. I Know. But I, I, I enjoy it. Sure. I just, but it is, if it is eso it is esoteric and so people might not wanna hear it, but there's some interesting stuff. The Row Oh no But. everyone will like to hear about a billion dollars is the money. This is, this is what makes it not esoteric. Okay. So it's An American business success story. Yes. The Ro Mary Kate Nash, the has been evaluated at a billion dollars, Which is Congratulations. Gales A huge deal. Congratulations. Wouldn't be crushing this year.


I know. I love It. You got Alex Cooper? Yes. You got Taytay. Yeah. Beyonce. You got Beyonce. You got Barbie now you got the row. We have, there's so many, like all the like Pop Girl summer, all the awesome women. They're crushing. Yeah. It's so cool. I have a personal stake in this. Like, I, I you tell me that and like, I go back to being in her kitchen in New York while she's meeting with her first round of different artists to start working on this stuff. Yeah. So cool. Like, I feel it's fun for me 'cause I saw it in its very infancy and it was a very bold move to go from an enormous clothing line at Walmart.


Yeah. To know I'm gonna do the like highest end premium. Yeah. Like what a bold swing. Well, they had some steps in between. They had like Elizabeth and James that was Yeah. Like maybe like a rung below. Yeah. But still fa like fancier actually one of It just be, it'd be like Hulk Hogan going, I think I'm gonna win an Academy Award in 10 years. Yeah. I mean they, And then he does it. So impressive. Yeah. It's awesome. Such awesome business people. Oh. And they're also so elusive. Like they don't talk to anyone. Love that. Which I really like. Love that They're very, very protective of the brand. They still own majority stake. Yeah. They're just really protective of it and I like that. Yeah. They're cool. Wow. I wonder if this is the only time you would ever like cars.


Ooh. And you already know this. Sometimes I like cars. Yeah, yeah. But this is one of the things I thought was coolest about her Oh. Yeah. Is that she had like a 2002 Cadillac DT Sbl black, and then she had a G wagon, a MG. And I was like, dang this. This girl knows she got good car style, she's got good style In general. She's Got Styles really, really cool. Bye love.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


What's up guys? It's your girl Kiki. And my podcast is Back with a new season. And let me tell you, it's Sue Good. And I'm diving into the brains of entertainment's best and brightest. Okay. Every episode I bring on a friend and have a real conversation. and I don't mean just friends. I mean the likes of Amy Poer, Kel Mitchell, Vivica Fox, the list goes on. And now I have my own YouTube channel. So follow, watch and listen to baby. This is Kiki Palmer on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Watch full episodes on YouTube and you can listen to Baby. This is Kiki Palmer Early and ad Free right now by joining Wondery. And where are my headphones? Because it's time to get.