
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple Podcasts Or. you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. experts on Expert We. have two physical phenoms today as our experts We. sure do. Sue Bird and Megan Rapino Sue of course, is A, WNB A champion and Olympic gold medalist Megan is a two time World Cup champion Olympic gold medalist and bestselling author. They've got a new podcast that's out on Wednesdays weekly called A Touch More. The podcast So I. encourage everyone to listen to that. This was very fun. Couples are fun. They are fun. They are fun and they have such a great rapport and they're so interesting. And it's a subject we don't know that much about And. they have a great rapino In addition to Their rapport.


please enjoy Sue Bird and Megan Rapino.


We are supported by Audible Audible's Best of 2024 picks are here. Mm. Audible's curated list in every category is the best way to hear 2020 four's best in audio entertainment. Like a stunning new full cast production of George Orwell's 1984. This is the one I am most excited to indulge myself with. I'm so excited to listen to James, which is a new title by personable effort that is very, very hot right now. Hmm. Well there's so many good ones on the list. We, Love, Audible. This is How you Go to Bed. I love Audible. I swear by Audible. I can't wait to listen to the Orwell 1984 off this list. I'm also doing fleas by autobiography right now, which I'm obsessed with. I can't get enough Audible in my life every night. Go to Audible dot com slash dax and discover all the years best waiting for you. That's Audible dot com slash dax.


We are supported by Bally. Bally Breathe has arrived. A new collection from Bally, the leading national bra brand. It's a breathable and stylish collection of bras, underwear, and shapewear with products that feel as good as they look. Monica, you got to try out some of the products from Bailey Breathe Collection. What did you think? Great. Very breathable, very comfortable. You know, these are really important things when you're dealing with undergarments. Yeah, Well of Course. Comfort is everything. Support is everything. I really liked it 'cause it's very high quality materials and you can, you can tell Is it attractive? Is it gorgeous? It is. It's a nice, nice aesthetic. Yeah. Oh, and what I really like is they've got matching sets. You know, I love a set. Sure, of course. You gotta have a set. Oh, it's even when nobody knows you're wearing a set. Mm. It's underneath, you know? You know. And it really brings a little pep That you're ready if the opportunity arises. That's Right. Visit bally brass.com and use code Dax for 20% off your purchase. That's BALI bras.com with code Dax for 20% off your first order.


He, Oh my God. Are You? All right, Well let's see if I can recover. I mean, that's a big one. Do That's a big deep breath. That's the most egregious in seven years. Yeah, It happens. It happens. Yeah. Yeah. School happened but Not today. That was Sue and Megan. I know. Athletes have to be on time. Yeah, the coach will kill you. Yeah. Oh God, that is true. It's like drilled in our existence. Wait, let me take in your shirt.


Loving Rock Kids Juice. Got it. Yeah. That's cool. I mean I overpaid for it but it's fine. Okay. I was listening to one of y'all's episodes and I thought for a second we were gonna have a huge issue between Monica and y'all. I can't wait. Is it Because one of their Let's Fight sponsors Is the row stop But it's not that row. Okay. I was like it's is it? I hope so. I'm sponsoring us. Everyone's eyes just got huge. I would love to be sponsored by the row. What do too? I think the row you guys were promoting was some area of some town where there's lots of shops and there's Oh, down here there's a row. I. Don't even know. I think it's like an area.


It was like visit this and this, but when I first heard the row I was like, oh, Monica's gonna be really upset. We Love the row too though. Aw. Dream sponsor I. Don't think the twins sponsor anyone or give discounts or give a fuck with anyone. Honestly. No, they sure don't. They heard. Sure don't. They've Heard about their friends and family discount. It's quite minimal. Oh, even a friend or a family? I think they do have it. Probably just for Elizabeth. Ol said Elizabeth, what's she paying? She gets 10% off. 10%. You know, I don, I don. It's Probably, but Probably if my siblings you You have a twin? I have a twin, yeah. We. Love. It's scary. Interviewing two people. Yeah. And learning so much about two different People. I'm dating two people.


Yeah. Not really, but Rachel. Rachel. Yeah. Yeah. That's weird. You guys are fraternal. Yeah. If your twin sister Rachel started, that's not a good comp. 'cause it's Elizabeth we're talking about. Right. You would expect to get way more than 10% off your sister. Right. I would expect it all for free. Yeah. Three 99% for sure. I'm coming in there and you need to tell everyone at every store in the world who I am. And I'm just like as if it's a closet off the sisters hair. Yeah, the sister, everybody. It's like get early releases a good shopper, times A Million and you get the hem. But it happens that day. They get it. They need to be on site. Correct. No, I'm getting everything for free. I know. Aren't they so cool there? They're so elusive. Do you like elusive or are you like that's too much?


I mean obviously like the row, but in general elusive To a certain extent, but sometimes I'm like, well how do you get it? You know? I guess that's the point's. The work. I'm on the outside sometimes when it's too much. I mean like the restaurant situation we're talking about with reservations in New York sometimes. How Long have you guys lived in New York? Just A year. I'm from there originally. Long Island. Long Island. Yep. So it's like a coming home, which is really nice. Megan always wanted to live there, so I was like, great. You're from Redding? Yeah. Okay. Redding's a vibe. Let's talk about Redding for a second. I'm The only person that would Say that. Oh yeah. I've been there for sure. I think when you think of California, you think of LA and San Francisco and super progressive and liberal. But redding's kind of blue collar.


It's not. But people would think of with California. No, honestly, whenever I tell people from California, they're like cool. And I'm like, not that one. And then they go north and they're like cool. And I'm like, not that either. They're like, what else is there? Yeah. What Do you mean? Do you surf redwoods or snowboarding? I know red is really interesting because it's situated right on I five. So it's this sort of throughway all up and down the west coast In the meth pipeline. Totally. Yeah. Yeah. In the meth pipeline. Drug use is especially historically totally rampant, especially meth. But then it's right next to the golden triangle, which is the best we in the world. But also gnarly shit happening in the golden triangle. It's Progressive in the like anarchist zero government kind of.


So it's like where hippies meet no government and you're like, what's happening Here? Yeah. Sovereign citizens meet hippies. And then there is also traditional granola hippie vibes going on in and around Reding. I think a lot of people go there to like be left alone or have gone there to be left alone. But then it's also just a very normal conservative. And then there's like this evangelical church has gotten really big up there, Bethel, which I don't fuck with at all. And they've gotten into like conversion therapy and mysticism and it's Timmy bad news bears and it's just a wild place. You have super fun eyes. That's just an earmark. Who are we having where we realized their magic power? Oh, it was Heidi Klum.


Oh. Where the eyes are somehow a third mouth. They're very expressive. Would you agree as someone who stares in her eyes a lot, Her face is very expressive. Yeah. And the eyes almost can smile or something. Yeah. No, you tell a lot with your facial expressions for sure. I know good and bad. Yeah. Same or same for me. It could be goofy, it could be Kooky. Your face betrays you a lot. I mean, yeah. I don't think she minds people knowing that. Yeah, true. That's true. Yeah. Okay. So you're from a very huge family. Huge. Yeah. What did mom and dad do in Reding? My mom was a waitress for the whole time we lived there. She actually just retired a couple years ago. Jack's Grill, which is like a really cool sort of simple steakhouse bar. It was one of the nicer restaurants, but it's not like nice.


It's saltines on the table when you were Yeah, I like that. No, like wine tablecloth or anything. And then my dad mostly worked in construction. And Were they born in Redding or were they part of some diaspora? Hippie anarchist. Not even hippie. Anarch I don. Honestly, I don't even know. The car broke down in Redding on the way up the five. Yeah, they were in San Diego and I was like, what happened? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. And then when they got together, they moved to Carson City. I think my mom's mom was sick at the time. They went to take care of her. And then I don't know how they ended up in Redding. I still have a lot of questions of what happened there and then they never left. Okay. And then seven siblings. Six siblings. You need a tree. It's like five or seven. Yes. My oldest actually my aunt, it's my mom's youngest sister who she raised.


And my youngest brother is my nephew. It's my brother's child that my parents raised. Oh wow. Okay. I say seven. It's really five. Who cares? I just leave it out there for people. It's a big Christmas is what I'm imagining. Yeah. Yeah. How hyster? Oh my god. Sue has one sister and she's like, whoa. Yeah, that's a big old chain. No, that's Great. That's kind of what I'm hoping to establish is it does feel like opposites attract in a lot of fun ways. Yeah. Just learning the seven Redding versus Long Island Russian Jewish father, one older sister. What's the vibe in Long Island in 1980? What movie was now and then? Ah, kinda like that.


Like all the houses are the same. Okay. You can ride your bike everywhere. Yeah. Like pretty chill. Middle class. What little pocket of Long Island? Pset. So it's in Nassau County, north Shore. Any other famous alumni? Yeah. Who? Natalie Portman. Oh shit. What's her last name though? Hershaw. Herschel? Yeah. Yeah. So Natalie was a year younger than I was. She went Went your high school? Yeah. She switched high schools. Yeah, She did. You did too. I also did. Yeah. So we only went to high school one or two years. Whoa. How bizarre. She came in, right? I left like a year or two later. That's crazy. But she had already been in the professional. Yeah. So she came into school, we were like, oh shit, that's the actress. Okay, great. We can do a parallel with Caitlyn right now. Yeah, that was the episode I listened to. Okay. The basketball player, were people gunning for her?


No. No. Not at all. They were excited? Yeah. Yeah. Honestly, the way she is now when you're around her, almost unassuming. Yeah. Just kind of chill. Same thing obviously it was just in a blockbuster movie if you will. And just totally chill. Yeah. Yeah. I can't even explain it. I don't wanna downplay who she was, but at the same time it was like she wore sweats to school. Yeah. Just so chill. Just another kid. Just another kid. She wasn't Walking around like a movie star Night. Not at all grade at all. Not at All. And you come into sports because your older sister is interested. Yeah. Yeah. What's the age gap there? Five years. Same. I have the same gap. It's a lot when you're younger. Okay. So I'm gonna project onto you. Okay. Did you have this experience where in your mind you were like, well I'm the weakest worst at everything in the world.


And then I started competing with my peers my age and I was like, oh, I'm kind of strong. Like, 'cause I'd only been wrestling with this dude five years older than me my whole life. And then when I got around people my age, I was like, oh, I'm a good skateboarder. I thought I was a terrible skateboarder. No, not really. Okay, great. But, but only because we had very quickly different lanes. She's way smarter than I am. Academics was her thing. She also played sports, but sports was my thing. Yeah. Okay. And so we didn't have a lot of competition in sports. I probably was beating her like very early. So you had an older brother? Yeah. Yeah. It's different for boys. Like we weren't wrestling. It wasn't like a physical, I beat him up at 14 when he was 19. It was the greatest day of my life.


I Bet. So it probably took this stick that that's what I felt when I first like scored on my dad. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. My dad's six three, I'm only five nine. So who knows what I was then Five foot. And when I finally scored on my dad while we were just like shooting at the park, that was like a big day. Okay. So this would be a good advice column moment for you parent wise? So I struggle with this 'cause I have two little girls and I play a lot of things with them and I'm always like, how much am I gonna let them? I wanna, you know, I wanna give them the taste. Don't let 'em win. Don't really don't, don't Work. That's hardcore. Well You think they should feel the win once so that they chase it? No, you want them to get it on their own. Oh wow. Because when you earn that, that's yours. Yeah. Forever. Wow. Okay. Yeah. I'm not saying if it was basketball, it's not like you gotta block their shock crazy all the time.


Every time. You don't have to Every time. Yeah. To come in tumble them. But no You don't have to like let them. Yeah. This actually very sad with Rachel and I and our older brother. He's great. Michael, he kicked our ass in basketball. He's like 10 years older than us, like more. He's probably 15 years older than us, to be honest. He's so much older. You don't even know, you still dunno anything about that. This He's either my uncle or my son In that family, one of them. So we dunno. And we played him like two V one. We were probably 14 years old. He was barefoot in the street. He tore his feet up so bad he had to put like maxi pads on his feet and he kicked our ass and he gloated about it. And we were just like, first of all, whatever your fucking grown man loser, you're gonna beat us.


But we were pissed. Like he could very easily let us win. We were just like, no, we had to try our hardest. I mean we didn't beat him and I'm sure we took it out on some other kids at school. Probably took it out on our basketball team. Okay, here's where I'm doing it. This feels right. Okay. They just started playing basketball. How old are they? Nine and 11. Okay, we'll play pigs. Okay. We're not up to horse yet. We'll play pig A. I'm shooting close so they can make it. I'm not like out above the yard trying to make it. It's not a fun game if they have zero and they're pig every time. Go ahead. Not the move. I don't Know. I, don dunno. I'm like trying to think when I play with my nieces. Same. I don't shoot like deep freeze off the dribble. I'm not like doing that. Can I Add she has the best three point shooting percentage in NCAA history?


I think 48.4. Holy. Yeah. Shit, that's An impossible three point percentage. Oh that's so cool. Yeah. Played on good teams. No, that's not how that works. Joking, Because You're, I don't think that would affect Your percentage. I, I'll tell you why I shot well in college. So I was injured my freshman year. I basically missed the whole year. So I really only played three years in college. And the fall of my sophomore year, it's very common in preseason you have these 6:00 AM workouts. So we had them three times a week after every 6:00 AM workout, he would make me shoot threes. It wasn't crazy like 30, 45 minutes, but like three times a week. Oh wow. For two months basically being season. Yeah. Me and a coach. And then he would watch. Really. And I'm sure you don't have the actual metrics, but how much did your percentage change? Good question.


Just from that exercise of the Year? Yeah. In shooting percentages, if it goes up up 2%. Yeah. Yeah. That's ginormous. I bet if you looked at my freshman year to my sophomore year, I bet there was easily a 15% jump. Wow. I just add that Jordan never ever scored more than 39% of his two point shots. Somewhere in that range. We don't need 'em on We. Love last dance. But not can't Bring 'em on. We already have Sue, can't we can't bring him on. Embarrassing. But I'll tell you what, he didn't take it easy on me. I'm answering your question. Yeah. Okay. He was a pain in my ass to be honest. You know, my kids aren't professional sports bound either. So you're kind of like, what's the point of this? Are we supposed to have fun? Well, at what age Is that determined if they're gonna be professional sports bound or not? And even a broader question that I think is really relevant is do you think the parent has to lead it or do you think the kid has to lead it?


I'm of the opinion that the kid's gonna demonstrate that that's for them or not. I agree. Yeah. You Do agree? Yeah, A hundred percent. Yeah. I absolutely agree. Okay. I think that's both of our experiences. Yeah. There's of course times where they're tired, they're being little shits or whatever and you're like, no, these are things that are important. My parents were always like, you guys lead. But the one thing they were like, you're gonna try hard if we half-assed or something, they were like, oh no, no, no. We're not putting all this time and effort in for that. And there's certain life things that you've gotta teach your kids. But I think in general it kind of shows itself. In kindergarten, we were like busting kids ass in kindergarten where the most athletic kids in kindergarten. Yeah. Like from a young age you're probably gonna be showing some signs of athletic aptitude, talent and aptitude.


Just like if you were, you know, music anywhere there. Yeah, exactly. But your family in particular, they were committing a ton of time. They were driving you like two and a half hours to go compete somewhere. Sacramento. Sacramento in the Bay Area. Yeah. So I guess when they do show that interest, you're just there to support. IE drive them five hours of day. Yeah, exactly. And I said they honestly had very frank conversations with us of like, if you two wanna do this, great. We'll sacrifice our whole life for this. No problem. No. They were like, we'll do this but we're not gonna be dragging you through it. They made that very clear and we were like, no, we wanna do it. And they were like, okay, let's go. How did the competition between you and Rachel play out?


I think when we were younger it was in a play sense. We just played everything together all the time. I think we made it similar to your relationship with your older brother. It was like we made each other better because we could go without any insecurity as hard as we wanted at each other. And we played one-on-one baseball, one-on-one football, one-on-one basketball, one-on-one. Like we played one-on-one everything baseball ghost runner goal. He was like, I love a good ghost runner. You're batting and running and hitting all at the same time. And we didn't really have that jealousy of each other. We more so were like, we're playing this together. We always played different positions. We went through different times where like she was a lot better than me pretty much until midway through high school. I feel like I hit puberty kind of later. She was always much better and more confident.


Midway through high school, maybe like my junior year. I feel like I grew and grew into myself. But we were both great. The Best two of your team in high school? Yeah. Of our team. How about when you went to Portland? Portland was a little bit more difficult honestly for both of us. We both had a lot of injuries. Rachel was severely anemic her freshman year and she didn't know it and it was undiagnosed. So it was kind of like a shame on her thing of like, you're not working hard enough or you're not fit. But really she was severely anemic. So all through her first year it was really difficult. And were they able to treat that really quickly? Yeah, She had to get iron infusions. She was in like the cancer ward. Oh wow. Getting Like Bags of iron. Yeah, it was really crazy. Her levels were at like one and two, her hemoglobin levels.


It was really bad. Oof. She actually went a season before I did. So I deferred my first season because I was playing in a youth world cup. So she played a season before and then I came, she was really struggling with her anemia I was playing. And then my sophomore year and junior year I was out with knee injuries. Her junior and senior year, sophomore and junior year she was out. So we really only played together basically our senior season, which was great. She played forward and I was a winger and we had a lot of fun together. But it was hard 'cause we were kind of parallel pathing, these really difficult things and we were trying to figure ourselves out and had no language to do that. Yeah. And we're twins and the world's comparison when it comes to twins is difficult.


No matter what you're always gonna be compared to each other. 'cause it's like, how are the twins? How are the babies? It's such a story for people. Totally. That we wanna know everything. Yeah. And so it was, I think, hard for both of us in ways to really understand and navigate that. And now like 20 years later, we're starting to talk about it. So it's good. That's Good. Yeah. Well you're like a married couple in that you have a shared identity way more than just normal siblings do. Totally. How does that compound coming out? Does it Well, It compounded it because I outed us both to my mom. That's awesome. Lemme tell you how I compounded that. Oh, okay. Yeah. Honestly Put it in the compounder. Yeah. I, I have a tendency to be spontaneous in the Best of ways, but it's also really impulsive.


So I'm working on integrating that Also. Just what if your mom asked you, is Rachel also gaining you a it's your eyes. Your eyes. Your eyes did a whole thing. I think it was your mouth too this time. Yeah. I came right outta my mouth. I just honestly thought my mom would be like, well obviously we know. When I figured it out for myself, I was like, oh my God, this is kind of embarrassing Megan. This is really obvious. So I didn't really have the struggle with it. And so when I told my mom, I think it was just hard for her in the beginning. This is not the dream that she saw. Not that it was bad, it was just she was like unprepared for it. Yeah. And I was like, well Rachel's gay too, obviously this is fine. And we're both doing it.


Oh my god, fine. It's normal. God. So that was tougher. And I think she struggled with it a little bit more and she was kind of struggling with her religious views and she was in this sort of evangelical, fake progressive church that was honestly just kind of hateful and really conversion therapy vibe. So I think she was really struggling and struggling to find herself. And then I outed her to my mom. So I'm really sorry Rachel. I'm still sorry to this day for that. Well my intuition would be that you would come out to Rachel first. Yeah. And then also I could see where you'd come out to her last because of this shared identity thing. Yeah. It was almost like we were kind of figuring ourselves out at the same time. It's like when you're so close you can't see it. Ah. And so we were both doing at the same time and it was confusing.


And we both went to college for the first time. It was like we were in Portland. It's so progressive compared to reading. Yeah. Yeah. Everything was just new. Yeah. Coming from such a small place. Is it Interesting for you that you had this shared identity and in some ways you two have a shared identity, also very public shared identity. It's like in some ways you've hopped. Yeah, I know. Hundred percent. Yeah. Yeah. I know. I'm codependent. I'm working on This serial Monogamous. I know. Well we just have patterns, right? Yeah, totally. We talk about this a lot. I think. Especially since we've both retired. I think when we were both playing, it was just naturally separated. Now we have to work really hard to have separate realms and it's been hard.


And we're figuring that out. It's really only a year into both of us being retired. No, this seems like one of the most dangerous situations possible because I have a few friends that are either married to professional athletes or I know a couple almost universally retirement's rough for so many reasons. And maybe you'll tell us about them. But if you just take the schedule, your whole life is scheduled. Yep, yep. And has been for decades and then it's not That's so disruptive. Very. Yeah. I know. Honestly, we just, we just interviewed Alex Morgan recently. Oh cool. She also retired. Yes. And she brought up this one element about showering. So to really make your point about scheduling, when you're an athlete, your shower is built in, you're showering after the game, you're showering after practice.


You really don't have to think about showering. And now all of a sudden it was like 24 hours are going by and I'm like, I haven't showered. Yeah. So even down to the shower. Yeah, I bet it's disruptive. And this change is disruptive And you build on top of it. Or many athletes, right. Build on top of it. Then their own weird routine that is kind of superstitious and control oriented. Right. So it's like also this other thing was scaffolded on top of it, but the foundation has disappeared. So now your own little weird rituals too are probably changing. Yeah. It's like you kind of have to be a little psycho to be a professional athlete. You have to have that routine. The routine is great 'cause it's so structured, but it's also really unhealthy in a lot of ways.


'cause you're forcing yourself to do the exact same thing every day. They disguise it with words like discipline. Right. But it's really like crazy. It's controlled. Oh Very. Yeah. What I would imagine is it's a great distraction from your whole life. Like it's a bubble you enter at a certain time of the day. Totally. And you can only focus on a single thing and ignore all the childhood stuff. You're Rewarded for things that aren't necessarily gonna help you in your personal life. Yeah, Right. I feel like when you retire you have to come face to face with that in a big way. Or at least I did. Yeah. And then the other thing I hear is really disorienting is being the member of a team. I think from the outside, I remember I watch a great doc on Brett Favre and he got very depressed after retirement and all these things happened to, and people would think it's like, oh, they miss the attention.


And it's like, hmm, that's not it at all. They miss a purpose. They miss the team. I hear is the big thing, Very safe on a team. I always say teams are so interesting because you will simultaneously know who your teammates are dating for us. I'm like, I know when my teammates have their period who needs a tampon? And then at the same time, I don't even know if all my teammates had siblings. I don't know if I know their hometowns all the time. It's kind of intimacy. Yeah. So yeah, you're like simultaneously so intimate and then also not. But it is really safe because that intimacy is automatic. Once someone comes on your team, that's it. You are in lock step. You got each other's back. If they got traded the next day you'd be like, see ya.


And you wouldn't think twice. Whoa. It's A shared goal. Yeah. And that's like driving the entire Thing. Yes. And it connects you in these really wonderful ways. But I think to your point, when you don't have that, it's been such a safe place in some ways it shows up as family. By the way, even with all this intimacy, the differences, you do have very real relationships with your teammates too. Yeah. The ones you click with do become family. Whether it's the end of a season or retirement, all of a sudden you go your separate ways and then you just might not see them for months and months and months. Yeah. This is the most literal manifestation of ingroup, outgroup tribalism, which is like, you're a team, you're a group. It is you against everyone. Not even figuratively. It's you against the world. And how about when they depart and you see them again as a competitor?


Ugh, That Sounds awful and sad. It's not really. Yeah. If anything, if it's someone you're cool with, you can't wait to go out to dinner with them. Okay. And then when you're on the court or the field, whatever, you just do it. You compartmentalize very well with that. This is exactly The thing that you were talking about that maybe isn't great for life. This level of being able to compartmentalize to such a degree is great in sport, but in life, Tough. Not great. Not gonna, not so great. It just doesn't work in life that way. To compartmentalize your emotions and the things that you want, you have to ask different questions. Even to your point about attention, it's not necessarily the missed attention, it's the very clear value structure for yourself of like, where do I find my worth in sports?


It's like if you're doing X, Y, and Z, it's a meritocracy. Yeah. In sports, it is A meritocracy. Like, you know, I have to do this, this, this, this, and this in order to do this. And then if I do that, then I'm gonna be valued and I feel good about myself and everybody else feels good. And then when you stop playing, it's like, well, where do you find your value? My sister asked me that the other day. How do you even evaluate Yourself? How do you even Eva? Yeah. She was like, where do you find your value? I? Don't know. I literally was like, I don't think I know yet. What is like assist and goals. Yeah. I'm like, I don't really know. I'm starting to figure out what kind of things I like. Or even just our relationship to working out and our bodies. Those questions that's have always just had answers. Yeah. And now it's like we're having to answer all these questions.


And for us, we played for a long time. So it's also coming at this time in life. You're 43, about to be 44. I'm 39. It's already the sort of second coming of the existential crisis anyway. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so it's all coming at that time. And now you're like, well what even is life? You guys should Remodel an apartment and have two kids. Right? At the same time We remodeled, we did the apartment, the kids were holding kids, kids were holding off on For now. But the other part that I would just add to that is for me especially, you go from never having your needs in the forefront. I got very comfortable. Like my needs don't matter. The team's needs matter. Yeah. As long as I'm servicing that this machine works and then my value gets shown, right? Yeah. And then I get rewarded. And then you go into your real life and you're like, I have to tell you what my needs are.


Yeah. How do you do that? Yeah. Yeah. How do I do that? Like what are they? Yeah. So at 43, well I retired at 41. I was like, how do I tell even Megan what my needs are? Yeah. I don Dunno how to do this. Are you guys in couples therapy? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. With Orna. Ugh. No, I love the show though. We do love the show. We. Love it. She just love the show. Yeah, the hair. I don't know how that disheveled and that. Perfect. I Know. Same time I'm like, is it wrapped up and braided? The show just comes in with something new. Oh, I wanna know if There's a method though. I wanna see Is it like a big wild Yeah, like a pizza dough. Like you wap and then it just sometimes She just has one. Has the brand. Yeah. Yeah. Always. Perfect. Never been the same way twice. Yeah. Nope. So true. Oh, We.


Love. A couples there. There Should be an Instagram account for Orna hair. Oh my God. If there isn't already. I've never searched. We Gotta talk to Netflix about that. Exactly. We gotta talk to him. Okay, so you're coming from a much different childhood than you are. Maybe use Names for People who are, that would've been smart. Sue and Megan are coming from much different childhoods. Our listeners, I'm not talking about Monica yet. It's funny, as I read your guys' path through high school and then college, there are these weird overlaps. I would imagine there's this confusing amount of shared experience and completely different experience. I even look at the injuries. Your ACL injury comes in what? Sophomore year? Freshman year. Freshman year. Sue's ACL injury.


And then Megan, you start getting ACL injuries. Now is everyone just getting ACL injuries at the time or Or is this suspicious that you guys go down? Everybody? Is everyone Very common? Very common. To me that might be the hardest part of doing this. You are mentally convincing yourself. You're immortal and invulnerable and all these things. And when one of those pops up, I have to imagine it's way worse mentally than it is physically. Yeah. You're dependent on your body in a way that you have no control over. And we always talk about like control the controllables. There's so many cliches in sports, but some of them are true. And you do, you try to control as much as you can. So maybe you eat right, you sleep, you work out a certain way, you make sure you're strong and yet you still have no control over it.


And yet you're totally dependent on it. Because if you tear your ACL, you hurt your finger. Whatever it is, you can't play and there's your livelihood. But it really didn't stress me out till later in my career. It Didn't. Because what I would hate to find out as I'm starting like college, the ride's really just starting. Ooh, I'm vulnerable to that. Am I always gonna be vulnerable to that? Can I still exert? Can I ignore that? Can I convince myself it's actually now been repaired and it's stronger? How does one navigate all those thoughts? I mean, in my experience tearing my CL my freshman year is the best thing that could have happened to me. Oh, Plot twist. Yeah. It woke me up in a way, I think I was very talented. Obviously, you know, you don't go to Yukon if you're not talented. But I needed something that was gonna wake me up to really put me on a track where like, I need to work harder.


It was just a reset that I needed physically. I was young enough. And you know, you're a little ignorant. You're like, okay, I'll fix this. It'll be fine. I'll move on. You don't understand. Yeah, the magnitude of it. Right? So you're lucky. I was 18 years old, like I don't fucking know. When I look back, by far the best thing that could have happened. Like I said, it just put me on this other track of focus that I really needed. And now I'm not taking it for granted. I'm actually focused on this, what people call a craft now. I wouldn't have called it then, but you're focused on your craft. You're trying to get better. I'm doing the shooting workouts at 6:00 AM I'm not complaining about it, it just put me in a whole other place. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Shutterfly. Reconnecting with the people in your life is so important. And sending a holiday card is A meaningful way to do that. But it can be hard to know where to start. Shutterfly makes it so easy to share a custom card that's perfectly you. They've got a style for everyone from classic seasonal designs to hand-drawn holiday cheer. Customize your card by adjusting the color to compliment colors from your photo. You can add more photos and texts to the back of your card for free and even upload your own design and take advantage of Shutterfly's high quality printing and simple mailing services. Shutterfly is so fun to use and you just blast them out. I receive them all the time. Me, my mother-in-Law is A big Shutterfly person and they're so fun. I love getting holiday personalized cards. Me too. Find the perfect holiday card for you at Shutterfly dot com and start customizing today. Enjoy 40% off your Shutterfly order with promo code DAX 40 and send something meaningful this year. Get free shipping on qualified orders. See site for more details.


We are supported by Klaviyo. Klaviyo helps brands build smarter digital relationships with their customers. And here at Armchair Expert, we know a little something about how challenging that can be. Here's how Klaviyo does it. They're unified data and marketing automation platform turns customer data into personalized connections to make every moment count across AI powered email SMS analytics and more. Klaviyo powers smarter digital relationships for more than 151,000 successful brands, including Hedley and Bennett Fish Wife and Dagney Dover. Build smarter digital relationships with your customers. Visit K-L-A-V-I-Y o.com to make every moment count.


We are supported by Sonos. Sonos is the world's leading sound experience company. They invented the smart sound system that makes it easy to play anything in any room, which We Love. Sonos was the star of our Halloween party. It was, I had it playing outside by the guest house. I had it playing in the garden. I had it playing in the kitchen. Kept the party rocking no matter where you moved. It makes a big difference. Yeah, the sound is so good you, you really gotta take your favorite holiday movies and holiday songs to the next level and experience them with Sonos and with holiday gift season upon us, Sonos products are a perfect solution for that hard to buy for person on your gift list. They've got amazing ace headphones and since you know we are podcasters, if you know any arm cherries in your life Really smart, it's A great gift for them so that they can really get us in their ears properly. Whether you gift a sleek soundbar, a sturdy portable speaker, or our favorite headphones, your lucky gift recipient is sure to be impressed. Sonos has great gifts for everyone on your list. Visit sonos.com/dax to save 20% on select products. That's sonos.com/we


are supported by Audible. Audible's Best of 2024 picks are here. Mm. Audible's curated list in every category is the best way to hear 2020 four's best in audio entertainment. Like a stunning new full cast production of George Orwell's. 1984. This is the one I am most excited to indulge myself with. I'm so excited to listen to James, which is a new title by personable effort that is very, very hot right now. Mm. Well there's so many good ones on the list. We, Love, Audible. This is how you go to bed. I love Audible. I swear by Audible. I can't wait to listen to the Orwell 1984 off this list. I'm also doing fleas by autobiography right now, which I'm obsessed with. I can't get enough Audible in my life every night. Go to Audible dot com slash dax and discover all the years best waiting for you. That's Audible dot com slash dax.


Was the work to be done a strength training in a way that would protect the knee? Or was it playing a different game? For me it was more mental. Basically I went from a relaxed version of myself to an incredibly focused version of myself. Okay. I could see almost getting addicted to that. Yeah. It's like a way of life Coming out of an injury stronger. Well they think about for Sean White, how much of that's part of his story? Yeah, exactly. Getting counted out. Huge face injury, almost dead. Exactly. Olympics looming. Okay, now I have the fuel in the system. I need a story ultimately is what's fucking crazy about our brains. Yeah. Is like we can lock onto this story and it's got a heroic outcome. You can find another gear.


How did yours manifest itself? I feel the same Megan I am. What'd you say? Megan? Megan, Megan. No, you're dead right. You're dead right. You're dead Right. I feel the same in that. I'm really thankful that happened. Yeah. So it happened after my freshman year, beginning of my sophomore year. Five or 10 games in. I had a great freshman year. I knew I was good, but I think that year in college against the best competition we won my freshman year. We won national championship. You couldn't tell me shit. I was like, I'm the boss. Yeah, Yeah. This is gonna happen every year. Yeah. I'm like, I'm the shit. I'm so arrogant. My head's big. I'm just like strutting into my sophomore year and then got injured. Even that injury, similar to what you're saying physically, I'm like, oh, I got this.


I'm gonna get back quicker than anyone. Kinda like still in that same mindset. And then I did it again a year later. Yeah. And I was like, okay, I get it. I'm not in charge. Oh fully not in charge here. Okay. I think it took me outta myself and gave me this sense. And I have more language for it now than I would've back then. And this is how I've approached all my injuries since then is like, this is part of it. You don't get to control everything. You're not in charge of everything. You're not God. You do what you can. You control what you can control. You can work really hard and set yourself up. But ultimately sports, the fittest you are, the closer you are to an injury. Oh really? The better you are and the more fit you are. I feel like you're always on that razor's edge.


Well 'cause you're playing as hard as you possibly can. You Playing as hard as you can. You're working as hard as you can. You're as fit as you're pushing the limits. Yeah. You're pushing the limits. You're always kind of right there. That's a risk that you take. You know, I tore my ACL again when I was 30. I obviously tore my Achilles at the end of my career. Literally the last step I took. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I tore my Achilles. The Achilles. Did you feel it? Go off your back? Yeah. Yeah. Stuff she got kicked was, it was like the classic who kicked me. I was like, you gotta be fucking kidding me. I was leaving. I was like, I'm leaving. I was already leaving like, oh God. When I was young, I feel Like. It gave me this perspective that was just like, this is part of it. This is life. It's an opportunity. Could we call it a surrender? Yeah, definitely. Like a surrender to reality.


Yeah. But there's also like an opportunity. So I've had probably eight lower extremity surgeries. My gosh. Six on my knee, one on each of my hips. And each one You're a little different after. Yeah. Yeah. You can never go back. So that's the surrender part. It's really hard to let go of the previous version of yourself as an athlete. Yeah. And try to now create a new, but once you do surrender and once you get comfortable, I think with whatever this new adaptation's gonna be, you're like, oh, it might be better. Yeah. And then you get a little cycle about that. Yeah. And then you get a little addicted to that. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I Can see that you have both won titles in championships and medals in different domains. Be it high school, college, Olympics, fifa, all these.


How would we rank these and do you guys agree with the elation? Because I know I talked to a lot of comedians who we all agree it just didn't get better than when we were performing for free at a theater without any expectation. That was really the most fun it ever was here. Yeah. And I'm just curious, Olympics feel special. National teams feel special. All these things feel special. Is there a way to rank them and do you agree on the ranking? Oh, That's a tough one. I feel like I could rank yours. No, I don't know the most special, special one because it was my first was my gold medal in 2012. That was my first world championship. We had been in the World Cup final the year before we lost. And then obviously 2019 for a lot of different reasons was I feel like the crown jewel in my career.


But that one, because it was my first, it was special. I'm, you know, an American kid obsessed with the Olympics since I was little. Oh. And back to the injury part, a lot of people don't talk about the Olympics is so stressful because if you get injured, that's it. Yeah. So short, you don't get to participate. It's not a season where you're like, oh, I'm out for a couple weeks or a couple months and I'll get back. I've had teammates that have torn their ECLS or done something right before the Olympics and then you just don't get the chance. Yeah. Yeah. So I feel like Olympics your grade than Years. Yeah. Yeah. Again, again. And it might have passed you up. Are you able to integrate that sense of doing it for your country? Is that part of the high? Definitely. And that definition I think has changed over time as I became more educated about the history of America and what I was standing up for and just who I am in America as a woman, as a gay woman, what that means.


But I always took an incredible amount of pride to be able to represent America. It's not always the version of America that everybody else wants to talk about or some people don't wanna talk about. Certainly after kneeling with Colin Kaepernick, that was a different sense. But I always took a lot of pride in being like, oh no, I'm American too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. Also, I'm representing America. I mean, you guys always had that. I feel like women's basketball just intersects with every sort of ism possible. But I always took a lot of pride in being like, well I'm American too. Yeah. Right, right, right. For sure. And how about for you? I am like, huh, going back and forth in my head on what I wanna pick here. I think for me it is the Olympics. That's probably the tippy top. And that's because there was no WNBA for me growing up. Right.


So yes, I wanted to get a college scholarship and that was kind of the immediate goal. But then it was the Olympics. That to me was You've made it. Yeah. Yeah. You're an Olympian. You heard about people going overseas, which I obviously did. But you know, I'm not 15 dreaming about going overseas to play basketball. Right. I'm 15 dreaming about being an Olympian. Yeah. So to achieve that, for that reason, it's kind of hard to beat. But I am jockeying between what makes something more rewarding. Is it the stakes? Is it what you're representing? Is it the expectations? I've been on teams where we weren't picked to win and then we did. Yeah. And there's something special and different about that. Yeah. The best. But I've also been on teams that were expected and we did. And there's something special about, it's also great. Yeah. But I think to answer it's the Olympics.


Yeah. You can find pride in both. 'cause when you're the team that's expected to win, there's more pressure. Oh It's hard. Yeah. Yeah. When you're the underdog, it's like however far you get people are, you Pumped money. Sometimes it's just a relief to win. Yes. Like I think in those situations that for the Olympics, certainly free, there's a little bit of a relief. The expectation is perfection. And so once you get there you're like, well thank God we didn't fucking lose because that would be be Terrible. Did Monica Cordie bragging tell you she's a two time state champ. Cheerleader? I did not tell them Monica. I kept that to myself. Yeah. What's Up? High flyer. I'm glad it's coming up now. Yeah. High flyer. I got you girl. Thank you. I'm new wing man. We won back to back and the first year we were totally underdogs and it was just pure happiness. Pure joy Is So special.


It was so great. And then the next year we were supposed to win and it was like down to one point and it was pure relief, which also felt amazing For young people. Right. They were two completely Different feelings. And it's wild. As an outsider, I would want the first because the other one seems like versus special. Yeah. Relief's not a great, I know. Feeling to chase. You know, it kind of implies that things were pretty shitty before we got the relief. Scary. It's scary. It's just like an abatement of fear really. You're also trying to recreate something from the year before and that's a trap. Yeah, Totally. You're like, but last year guys, we did it like this and this happened. Or last year we did it like that. Yeah. And it's a total trap that everybody when they're trying to retreat falls into to, to the relief point.


There also is something special about being able to be like, oh no, I am who you thought I was the best. Yeah. Yeah. Like There is some, it's like at the end of the day, I'm still in American. So I'm like, oh no, I am the best in the world. You know? Yeah. There is something about proving that to yourself and when you are on those teams that have those expectations and you get to look around and just be like, oh no, we are who we thought we were. Yeah. That is special too. But there's something just unexpected in a surprise about winning when you weren't expect. That's just a different kind of special I think. Yeah. What Tropes from male sports got grafted on to female sports that didn't work? I kind of think of, we just had an expert on talking about medically how we've not basically studied women.


So we find out, oh wow, guess what? You guys are twice as sensitive to ambient. Oops. You know, all these things pop Up. Yeah. They used to just like give us abient. And I'm like, I mean I'm gonna take it, but like also, Also I'm gonna wake up at Rite Aid buying something. Yeah. None of my male friends are doing this on Ambien. What's going on? Yeah. I'm Also gonna stay up for 30 minutes obviously to see what's going on here, but try To find my place in space in time. It was a crazy, that was a crazy time period in America. I never did the ambient train. They would like give it to us on planes. People Were peeing in aisles and Yeah, It was, yeah. That's What A draw. Yeah. We went crazy for it for a minute. Yeah, sure did. But do you think there's been things, because so much of this famous coaching in these famous approaches, they originated in male sports and which ones of them are like ill-fitting and have proved to be, that's actually not how we perform best.


A big part of what happens and what gets overlaid is that if it doesn't look and feel exactly like men's sports, which of course it isn't because it's women's sports, then it's lesser. Everything is just automatically like it's not gonna be entertaining, it's not gonna be fun. It's not gonna make money. Nobody likes it. Nobody wants to watch. And it's like, that's actually just not true. Women's sports, there's a ton of similarities 'cause it's sports, but it is A different business. It's a different fan base. Different business model things aren't exactly the same. If you go the business route for the WNBA, A big mistake was we took the N-B-A-C-B-A 2003, I think is when we first became independent.


The NBA actually owned the entire WNBA up until 2003. And then it went to individual team ownership, which is more the model we're all familiar with. Now. That's how NBA is now. Okay. So WNBA goes individual, so we now have to have a collective bargaining agreement and we basically just took the MBAs and like copy pasted it. Ah. And it's like, oh, that doesn't fit. We didn't really get to change that until our last one, which was 2019. What Was Ill fitting about it. Certain Ways in which free agency was gonna work. Certain ways in which the salary cap was gonna work. Certain rules, well one big one is that we didn't have maternity leave. Ah. So like that's different. Yeah. Right. That's the most obvious and most glaring. And then there's other smaller ways in which our league didn't get to have fun. Free agency.


Yeah. NBA, what do we all love about the off season? The free agency. Yeah. Where are these people gonna go? We were limited. Limited. The drama Of it all. Yeah. It just didn't work for our league. So there's like a business part to it. I think there is like a medical part, right? Nutrition, the way we lift, the way we work out. We've always been following male guidelines and we're obviously different. I feel like where you're going, correct me if I'm wrong, is are we being coached in a way? Yeah. I think there's this kind of alpha dominance model. There's fun coaches. We interviewed the Seattle Seahawks coach and he's an anomaly and that's not his approach. There are ways that I talk to other dudes that I don't speak to women that way. I just think there are differences in how we communicate and how we're gonna excel best.


And I imagine you just inherited a bunch of these, whatever worked for these legendary coaches. So I've played for men, I've played for women. There's always been this unspoken understanding or not understanding, maybe like a knowing that like the women coaches are more emotional. Right. And that's been a negative from The outside or internally On the team. No, even, even internally, like, oh, I don't wanna play for her. Like she's just so much more emotional. Oh. Meanwhile they're not, men are more emotional. Yes. And throwing stuff and having tantrums and not being able to control their emotions or name their emotions. It's anger. Yeah. But to your point, it's like, I think now we're finally getting to a place where we're questioning that. Like, well, is that bad? Right. Right. Because women are, in my experience, are more collaborative. We do like to do things intelligent together. Inte.


Yeah. Emotionally intelligent. And we take that into consideration. You look Each other in the eyes when you talk. You don't need to go on a walk and like look at other things. Yeah. I think the egos are different in women's sports than the are men's, they exist. Yeah. Yeah. They exist. I'm not trying to say they exist, but I think it shows itself differently. Yeah. Right. And we've always used the male model for judgment on those things. Yes. And I think it's starting to shift and you're starting to see coaches. I'm not super familiar with what the Seahawks coach was saying, but I think in women's basketball you're starting to find coaches that are looking to do it differently. The notion that you would have one coaching strategy for the white kid whose dad was also the quarterback at Stanford, who's arrived, and then now this other kid from the inner city who's black, who didn't have a dad and hates male figures for good reason.


But we're gonna treat these two the same. You know, one who's like had respect for authority for a good reason. He had a great authoritarian above him looking out for him. And then another, you know, how on earth do you have one strategy that's gonna motivate both of these kids in the same way? And I think he's really taking into account that I had a coach where we had a player who was dyslexic and she totally changed how she drew up plays, how she described things. Oh yeah. I think to your point, it's like meeting somebody where they are. Yeah. I mean, if is your goal to break a person and get them to follow your strategy? Or is it to figure out what would help them best excel? I have a lot more respect for coaches that can adapt. Yeah. Versus the ones like, this is how I do it. I've had success this way. You fit me, you make me here. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You guys will come and go.


I'll be here. And this is my show. I think historically there's been also the vibe with coaches that they're the boss and the players work for them. And it's like, no, we're all coworkers. Your job is to lead the team and make decisions. And there's certain decisions that are your job that aren't my job as a player, but also I don't work for you. Yeah. We're all working in an organization together. We can all respect each other and give each other the space to have different ideas or to disagree or whatever it is. I think historically with men and women's sports, there's also the added layer of sexism. And then if there's sexual abuse that happens, or sexual harassment or just like the vibes of it, there's all of that happening as well.


But I think even with men, just the sort of abuse that happens of just like, I'm gonna tell you what to do no matter what, and it's a privilege for you to be here. And it's like, no, they're here. 'cause they're just as talented. Probably more talented than you are. Yeah. And we're all working together to do this. Yeah. Like Bobby Knight throwing chairs at people and stuff. It's just like, well that's, talk About hysterical. Yeah. Seriously. Oh my god. Emotional. We did just have a psychologist on that was saying men are allowed to share their emotions, but in sport, that's the only place a man is allowed. Acceptable. Allowed to cry with happiness. Oh yeah. Or Oh yeah. Cry with disappointment Or hug each other. Or show physical Affection to grab each other's as each other. Yes. I know. Yeah. They do that weird pounding. Yeah. You can tell they have this little to be each other.


They're like, or squeeze. Squeeze. Like they can't Started on homoeroticism in male sports. It's strong. It's there. Yeah, It's There. Yeah. How old is the WNBA? I should know that. It's like 28. Okay. Ish. It's still so new since 97. Yeah. Well even when You were saying you didn't grow up with it. So the Olympics was the big goal. I was like, oh, that's weird. Because I felt like for basketball, the Olympics isn't a, but for men's basketball, I mean I'm sure it's still great, but for them I feel like that's like an extra, Well their version was more like, I'm gonna go be famous on a team, then I'll come together as this all star party group. Yeah. Money skews it. Yeah. Icing on the cake to go do something for the purity of it. Yeah.


That was the finish line for a female. Yeah. I think the men do take a lot of pride when they play on the Olympic team, but their decision to do it, it's totally different. Yes. Yeah. They're flying there first class, they're at a very nice place. They don't even stay in the camp, I don't think. Yeah, we don't. So USA basketball men's and women's, it's one thing. So we do everything together. Oh, you do? Yeah. And do you like men's basketball? I do. I'm a big fan. Who were you most pumped to be in a camp with? Like before? Yeah. Yeah. So I'm like 23 years old. I'd never met Alan Iversson. Oh yeah. So I was Like. It was kind of cool. Some of my favorite memories were just on the bus going to probably opening ceremony or something. And the whole time he was just like, name a sport, gimme a month.


I'll be an Olympian. He was Like It probably name it. We were like swimming. He was like, gimme a month. Because that's how insane of an athlete he is, to be honest. Wow. So that was cool and so gorgeous. Holy cow. Yeah. Ugh. I know. Afford, how does he spending any time with all of 'em? I could go down the list. We have good times. I think what I like most about the Olympic men's basketball team is these guys, they're all the best on their teams. They all have huge egos. They're all just like Mr. Man out there. And then they get there and the hierarchy shows itself. And I'm like, Ooh, I Like It. I like the drama and drama psychologically. Interesting. Yeah. Psychologically it's really interesting 'cause they're All good enough To play. And then you get in the game and it's like, oh no, this is stuff LeBron and kd.


Or you get in the game and it's Asia Stewy. And really those two were the best. 2004 Athens Olympics is the one I'm referencing with Alan Iversson, LeBron d Wade, Meow. Were on that team. Ah, Wow. They didn't play a lot. Ah, no. That's crazy. I was on the team with Diana Tessi. We were kind of the young bucks. We didn't play a lot. Oh. So the five of us were just like every night like, what the fuck? It's fucking bullshit. 20 Minutes you get tonight. Olympic sucks. Yeah. Yeah. It's an interesting experience. I love the drama. I mean, I'm here for all Drama. That's why I love the movie The Departed. Forget the movie itself. Oh yeah. Because you take like the eight biggest movie stars in the world. Yeah. And put them in scenes together and you're like, Ooh, who am I gonna look at? Yeah. Yeah. And for my money I was like, fucking Jack Nicholson.


Jack Nicholson. I'm a huge Leo fan, but I'm sorry they're a two shot. I'm like all eyes on Jack Nicholson. Ooh, it's tasty. I know. I Do. I'm Like, we are hierarchy creatures. We Love it. Yeah. I like to see it all play out. Now one of the other things, I imagine maybe you guys have thought a lot about this 'cause you are part owners of different sports teams now. There was the tropes of the sport itself and then maybe the coaching and these different things. But also the spectator experience has always been very male. Right. Some military dudes are gonna fly in, we're gonna send the jets over the thing, we're gonna have some sexy cheerleaders. Clearly the whole entertainment package is to appeal to men. And I don't know how much thought ever went into like what would the WNBA viewers that are female getting other than the game.


Is that part of the thing that's been left out? Yeah. So interestingly, the New York Liberty who are in the WNB finals now, they moved to Brooklyn a couple years ago. So they had to change their mascot up. And they have Ellie the Elephant, I think it's like short for Ellis Island or something like that. This mascot has tapped into something. I think in terms of spectators fans, the connectedness too. It's like arguably Ellie is like bigger than the players really superstar. But she was just on stage with Justin Timberlake. Oh my goodness. Yeah. When he performed at Barclays was on stage when Missy and Sierra came through perform with Sierra. Whoa. So the show when you go to the game is very much about the game and very much about Ellie. People go for Ellie.


And I think that speaks to women's basketball fans. If you see her perform, you'll understand what I'm saying. I must, I need to. Yeah. You have to see it. Check it out. She's twerking and jam. She does like, she'll do like a Beyonce set. She's like, this is my show. The football team that Natalie's an investor in here has, has done such a great job, is like the experience is incredibly fun. And they're sold out and it's a party. And they've like figured out how to make that whole experience, not just the game, really deliver what they would want. Yeah. I think too, men's sports has not always been an actually safe place for a lot of people to go. If you think about an NFL game, You can say the Raiders. Yeah, Yeah. Or the Cowboys or anybody else, you know, take 2000 16, 17, 18 and you are a queer person trying to go to the game.


You're, you know, a black family trying to go to the game. Maybe it's just not always the safest place for you. And it's very much marketed like, this is who we are. It's jets flying over. It's explicit conservative patriotism. And for women sporting events, I think this has always been true. Basically it's like, don't be racist, misogynistic, sexist or homophobic. That's the rules. Period. And then have fun. Bring your friends, bring your family, be queer, be black, be whatever you wanna be. And just come and enjoy the sport that's being played Without getting knifed in the parking lot. I, as a tall, strong white dude, have been afraid to go to a lot of these games just to include myself in that game. Yeah. Yeah. It's aggressive.


Aggressive. It's hyper masculine's, a lot of alcohol. Drunk. It's drunk. There's people fighting. All the men felt emasculated by the physiques of the players. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, traditionally I think women's sports has just had its own fan base for a very long time. Yeah. And I think as women's sports has gotten more popular over the last 5, 6, 7 years, people are coming to the games because they wanna support something bigger. Bigger. Yeah. Yeah. You know, a woman who's suffering equal pay issues in her own job is like, you know what? I'm going to the soccer game, Critics would probably go, I guess they would parallel it with like, I'm gonna vote for that person 'cause they're black or they're female. And they would go, you need to vote for them on their character that this or that.


It feels adjacent to that where a critic might go. Like it's gotta be about the sport. It shouldn't be about the movement around it or the vibe around it, but I would argue what has made the NFL so popular is it, is that it's the same thing. Yeah. It has this culture. Yeah. They're the ones doing identity politics. Yeah. I'm gonna do my fan rundown. The way I see it is this, in sports, there's like three buckets of fans. Okay. There's the diehards. They love the sport, they're in, no matter what, it doesn't matter. They're like doing their own stats. They're traveling to road games. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Then there's the people that don't give a shit. And that's okay too. There's people that don't like certain sports and they just don't care. You'll never get them. And then there's the bigger bucket, which is the casual fan. And I think for women's sports, we've had a really hard time tapping into the casual fan at times. And that's what you're seeing in this rise.


It's the more casual fan where it doesn't have to just be about the game. Yeah. For some it is, right. For some it's not. I remember when the Sounders, which is the MLS team in Seattle, when they started to get really big, and they average, I think like a league best. Yeah. They're 40,000 a game. It's like 40,000 a, they're selling it. Wow. Every game. And so I went to a game and the first thing I noticed was, okay, everybody's got the scarf on. People love a scarf in soccer. We'll get to that in a second. In group. What the Fuck This angry group. That's Right. Yeah. They were doing a tailgate thing. Then we got to the game and a large percentage of the people around me clearly did not know the rules. Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then I was like, what is happening here? And I was like, oh, you're a part of something. There's a community. So for some it's that. Yes.


And so I just think that casual bucket, who cares where they're going? Something touched them and they're going, yeah, it's that easy. And women's sports is finally tapping into that because for a while we were just the punchline. Yeah. Yeah. So the casual fan was like, why do I go to A-W-N-B-A game? They're making fun of it on SNL. Right, right, right. That's all changing. I might as well go to a baseball game. Yeah. It's cool to be at an NBA game. It's cool to be at an NFL game. Yeah. They don't care about the sport either. I'm so that I'll end up at one or two baseball games a year, maybe a football game, maybe a basketball game. And I am going because sitting outside and eating a hotdog at Dodger Stadium in the summertime. Awesome. Yeah. It's just incredible fun. The game's so boring and slow. Like you agree. You're not gonna miss shit. You can talk a lot every now and then.


You're like, oh fuck, we're standing up. Everyone's standing up. Yeah. Yeah. Home run. Yeah. It's just an event. It's a fun thing. It's a yes. Yeah. Change up your weekend. Yeah. And then I go to a hockey game and I'm like, this game's spectacular. Why don't I watch it? It's so fast in person. And then I just went recently to LAFC and I was like, this game is so dynamic in person and so fast that, I don't know why they can't capture that yet perfectly on camera, but I'm like, oh, this is incredible. And same thing, the soccer movement is, I think the movement of movements in sports. It feels like people, especially women, have a sense that it hasn't been defined yet and they can have ownership and Yeah. Right. I think there's some of that. It's a real sort of counterculture vibe.


Yeah. Sounders have that definitely here in LAFC, the chanting. And it's like all the football fans have been captured, the baseball fans have been captured. It's classic America sports. And this is like, ooh, it's a little subversive. Right. I think we like that. But Soccer's always been that way. So I played soccer as a kid and I, I hated jocks. I didn't like football players or any of that stuff, but I played soccer 'cause it was like a punk rock thing to do. Yeah. It's always kind of had that vibe and I'm glad to see it's like carrying into the professional side. Yeah. It's fun. It's a cool vibe with all the supporters groups and they're yelling and they got the flags and the flares and the tepo and it's crazy. And the scarves. And the scarfs. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know Why. Yeah. There's a whole section at the LAFC game. The tickets exist just for this union of people.


No one else can buy them. The supporter group people. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's like Mad Max. They're banging on trash cans and they sing the entire time. Yeah. It's crazy. It's quite incredible. Yeah. Okay. So how long ago do you decide to start the podcast? It started during the pandemic just on Instagram live. 'cause we were like, we know what the people need us drinking. Yeah. Us drinking and fucking around. That's sort of the ultimate origin story. But then we did a couple of live shows and those were just fun. Like at the Women's Final Four. Oh fun. Tell me more like, what was This like a bar restaurant, like a little bar tickets type five. The fans come and then we get up there. It's just like we kind do Like It. A version of a live podcast basically With a guest or without a guest, usually With guests.


And you have a list of topics you're gonna go through and how many did you set out to do and how many did you end up doing? Yeah, we're pretty good. We'll go long. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. That's kind of our, I feel like we're, oh yeah, I can, yeah, I can. We don't know how to not go long. Yeah, same. I mean yeah. But we're at certain events that beg for certain topics to be talked about. Yeah. There's not like as much leeway. We're at the final four. We're talking about basketball, we're talking about that. I missed, one thing I wanna talk about before the podcast. You guys met in Rio at the 2016 Olympics. Wow. Yeah. Okay. But you were in a separate village with the basketball players. Yeah. So we met at the Nike House, I think Getting free shoes. Yeah. Basically. Yeah. D's Dream. He's always talking about falling in love at the Olympics. Well as Athletes, thanks for painting it in such a positive light.


Yeah. I think about fucking, fucking Well that's what the village, yeah. I mean because Everyone's, Everybody's in amazing shape. You're just never gonna, I Always say it's the one place you go to be honest, to like, feel like shit about yourself because everybody looked Yeah. Even better. Perfect. So good. Yeah. Like you think you look good and then you see like a track and field way trait and you're like, and you're like, Oh yeah, fuck. Have I ever done a sit up like Yeah, I know it's happening because like we're obviously in shape but we're not worried about one 10th of a second. Right. Exactly. And that's a different kind of shape. Well that's my favorite part of watching the Olympics is Oh, this activity gives you that body. That's fascinating. All the female volleyball players, sand volleyball, all look the same.


All the sprinters look the same. Yeah. All the soccer players look. So when we first started dating, I was actually, like I said earlier, I'm only five nine in my world. I'm tiny. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm in the back in the middle seat. Always in the car. Like always. I just took that on as my identity. Then we got together and her teammates were like, she's huge. Yeah. She's a free shotgun For Sue. Where'd you get this Giraff? Literally. Wow. And it was interesting because I was like, oh, as a soccer player, you have to be of a certain heightened build. You have to run six eight, you have to be able to run. If you can't run fast, you can't play. Right. It's and runs run forever. Forever. Literally Straight. So you guys were at the Nike store. The Nike House. People do houses. Oh, tell me more. USA has a house.


Okay. Nike has a house. I'm sure Adidas has a house, Party house for mingling. It's More like a place to go. 'cause the Olympics are kind of wild. And for the athletes, you're in the village, you don't really get to see your family. They can't come in the village. So a lot of brands, a lot of different people will have these houses, which is really just a place you can go and bring your family. Oh, okay. See your people, they'll have like events or they'll have food or they'll have a little shopping section or sometimes they'll throw a party and it's kind of these multi-use spaces that's like Nike a landing spot's setting up here for the Olympics kind of Deal. And you were both there. Who were you with? Teammates or family? I was with My teammates. Our team had already gone out. We like bombed outta the Olympics. Terrible. Yeah. I think you were there socially. Yeah. Just hanging off or So Licking your wounds and getting free vodka, red Bulls.


Yeah. Literally a lot of my teammates, we weren't even in Rio for our games. The soccer travels all over. So we hadn't even gone to Rio yet. Most of my teammates, it was pretty devastating loss. We did terrible. They were like, we're going home. This is awful. And I was like, well I'm going to drown myself in Rio and I'm gonna have myself a ball. There was like six or seven of us that went down there. It was great. So you had not met before. We're in the same agency, not the same agent. And we both play in Seattle in our professional team. We knew of each each other. We had met once, but, but the Olympics really marked, was like, this is dumb. We're both in Seattle. Why aren't we friends and hanging out? Why aren't our teams hanging out? Right. Yeah. Yeah. This is stupid. And that's really how it started. Okay. And then so you're chatting at this party, you're going, oh, it's crazy.


We don't hang out. We both live in Seattle. How quickly though, are you going like, I'm acting like we should be friends for this greater purpose of our Are you gonna tell Seattle Kinship Are gonna tell him? I was dating someone at the time. Okay. Yeah. So that complicated thing dating is A. I was engaged with someone at the time. Thank so I know I'm like dating. I was engaged with someone at the time and yeah, we were going through a little bit of a rough patch and that wasn't gonna work. And then it obviously meeting Sue, it just became very clear. Clear that queer, Clearly queer very Quick. Yeah. Yeah. Then it escalated. Ah, Okay. After I broke up with real fun, I broke up with my fiance at the time and then we started talking.


Yeah. Okay. And then quickly thick as thieves do we become inseparable pretty fast. Yeah. You know how lesbians are all, well I have heard a great joke. Yeah. Yeah. I do love the one joke. What Is it is A, They already know it. What do lesbians bring on a second date? U U-Haul A U-Haul. See you bring a truck. What do gay dudes bring on a second date? What second date? Oh, I was like another date dude. It was like Hoppers, I. don Dunno. I know another gay dude. Who What? That's a good joke. That's a good, oh yeah. Oh, it's not true form. Those jokes exist for a reason. Yeah. When they hit a truth. Yeah. Yeah. It's what it's, Was it coordinated about retiring at the same time? Roughly. It's not right. You had done 20 years with Seattle. That's crazy.


Is that a record in the WNBA? Were you the longest playing Maybe? Definitely up there. Yeah. You and Diana probably. And Megan you played for a very long time as well. Yeah. And so that just timed out kind of perfectly I guess. Yeah, it did. And then collectively do you start talking about like what are we gonna do now with the remaining 45 years of our lives? What the fuck do we Do now? And both people are scared probably. Yeah. Yeah. What was my favorite Derek Jeter quote when he retired? He was like, oh, I went from being an old man to a young man because when you're 41 in sports, you're old as fuck, right? Yes. And they treat you that way. And they talk about your age and they ask you what you're gonna do 10 years. They talk about as soon as you hit 30, they're like, get on the whole, oh, whatcha gonna do next retirement conversation. Yeah. Wow.


That's, and then crazy the minute you retire like, oh I'm young again. Yeah. This is great. I'm not the oldest one at dinners. This is amazing. There's a Formula One race car driver name Fernando Alonzo. Yeah. He's 43 in every lap that he's on TV they're talking about, they're Talking About it. He's 43. I know. And I'm like excited. He's 43 'cause I'm 49. I'm like, you go get it. Old timer. Yeah, You're right. Like just let him live. He's just driving his car. Just let him Live in any other career trajectory. He'd be like mid-level right now. About to get his big shit coming in at 50. Yeah. So what's interesting about that is you're in your late thirties, early forties, but you're at an expert level in your career. Yeah. But now you get to go into this what we call like the real world. And we do have an expertise that's unique. We hit that level of our career, but we're young again.


And I think that's really where we are and that's what makes what we're doing exciting. Like whether it's the podcast or the other business ventures that we're in, we have an expert level, but we're still pretty young. You have time. Yeah. That's a great way to frame it. 'cause it's very hopeful and there's so much opportunity when you're young. Yeah. Yeah. There's like so much to come. Whereas most people, you're 40, you're in your track. That's pretty much that. This is it. Stay tuned for more armchair expert If you dare


Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. Including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more at Apple Card dot com


We are supported by Expedia. Having an adventure on the books gives you somewhere to look forward to the Excitement, the anticipation, Just living in the fantasy of it. And that's why Expedia hotels.com and VRBO have launched Unpacked 2025, an annual report on the trends and travel for the upcoming year. It's a great way to figure out where you want to go on your next adventure. We checked out the unpacked 25 site and it's really, really cool. They have a section called Detour Destinations that highlights lesser known cities near major travel spots. So let's say you're thinking of traveling to Cancun, why not venture off the beaten path for a couple days to check out Expedia Detour Destination Cozumel. Now Cozumel Mexico is fantastic. I've been That's a great detour. Hey, maybe you could even make Cozumel your vacation's main destination because there's nothing better than traveling. But having a trip to look forward to is A Close. Second book your somewhere to look forward to at Expedia dot com slash unpack. 25.


We are supported by ZipRecruiter. Oh get recruiting now. I've worked in a variety of offices, improv stages, film sets, this lovely recording studio. While there are many different types of offices out there, one thing's for certain choosing the right candidate for any office is A huge responsibility. Well if you're hiring and wanna find the best candidates for your office, you need ZipRecruiter. And right now you can try ZipRecruiter for free at ziprecruiter.com/dax. It's an incredible hiring platform that makes finding top talent for your job quick and easy through their powerful matching technology. So you're not spending extra time or money in your search for a great hire. You can even invite top candidates for your job to apply to your posting to encourage them to apply sooner. Remember, if you wanna find the right candidates for your office, you need ZipRecruiter. See why four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Just go to this exclusive web address right now to try ZipRecruiter for free. ziprecruiter.com/dax. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/dax. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire


With the podcast. What was so, and even our production company that we started and wanting to like get into media and content storytelling is the most important thing. Whether it's writers in their books or journalists storytelling, what's happening in the world or storytelling or narrating around sports And women's sports has had such a lack of storytelling, understanding conversation, a lack of nuance. And we've lived, you say it all the time, in a very non arrogant way. Like we really are the experts. We've lived through this crazy period of basically the last 25 years where now we're at this period in sports where basically all the money's like, okay fine women's sports, we're gonna do it.


It seems like it's a good thing, right? And now there's all this money coming in and there's all this interest and there's all these eyeballs and stories need to be told. We are really in a position. It's like we know all the stories. We know where all the bodies are buried. We know how to tell if we don't know it personally. We know the person who does know it personally. Yeah, we've lived it all. We've understood how we've gotten to this moment. So I think with the podcast and with our production company, we really feel like we're in this position to like narrate all the history but also this is how we should be talking about women's sports. This is how it's different from men's sports. 'cause we also know men's sports. We're huge fans of men's sports for our whole lives and we've have so much, whether it's the last dance or just watching it for so long, we have so much information about it.


This is so exciting for us and why we even want to do this. 'cause as you guys know, it's a lot of work to like sit in front of a mic and prepare and tell these stories and do this narration all the time. Show Up half hour late. It's hard Own house You recording at 11? It was 10. But it's a really exciting time I think for both of us. And what excites both of us about it is we really know what it is and how the story should be told to bring more people in. 'cause we're like, this is amazing here. Women's sports is incredible. Yeah, sports are incredible. It's one of the most vulnerable things you can watch someone do live is to try their very hardest with their physical body in tandem with other people and like try to achieve this goal and somebody's trying to stop you and somebody's trying to stop.


Somebody's trying to do the same thing. Yeah. We'll talk about story sports is the ultimate story. Yeah. The objective's very clear. The stakes are baked in. Like I don't watch a lot of sports but I watch every single sports documentary. I don't think there's one I haven't seen. Oh I love them all. 'cause the best, the second it starts, I know what the stakes are, I know what the goal is. I know what defeat looks like. Sports stories are so human. Whether you're climbing the face of El Capitan, which none of us can do, you can like understand the story of what Alex is doing up there. Yes. You know? Or watching power of the Dream. Like you guys documented how they basically saved America. You understand what's happening and you can feel yourself in that. It is so trite. It's like, I shouldn't even say it because it's so stupid to say, but it really is so true that representation matters.


Yeah. It's huge. It really matters. Huge. I just got this Barbie sent to me. Yeah. We Saw the duo. Yes. We just saw, so this morning I was in the USA today. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, oh. They sent it to me and I was like, whoa. I had friends over for dinner and I was like, you guys look at this Barbie. It's so great. I literally said that and I was like, it's crazy that I never could say that growing up. I can never say, Hey guys, look at this Barbie that looks like me. It's so powerful to feel part of the group. Sue, you have a Barbie coming out, right? Yeah. Yeah. It came out. Oh my. It came out So exciting. I know you Look the ding ding ding here. Yeah. You brought A Barbie machine. is A bar Need you? Our one? Yeah. I always joke my Barbie has better knees than I do. I'm like lowkey jealous.


They made her bionic. I'm like, Damn. Oh that's Exciting. I need that technology. No, it really does matter. I feel Like It matter. That's just so cool about when it sports it's like yeah, you're talking about gay women and black women and queer women and straight women and white women. It's like there's a million things going on in here and everybody can find their place in it. Yeah. I think it goes even beyond that because I think the hardcore misogynistic male defenders of male sports would probably say No, no. Golf is intrinsically interesting and the NF l's intrinsically interesting me, but if you look at the viewership, it's like, no, no, you need Tiger Woods to show up. Yeah. He's a person whose story we get fascinated on and it quadruples sports drive to survive comes out and we learn the personalities of these race car drivers.


That was Megan. That was me. Yeah. Yeah. Same. I didn't Like It Before. I was like, am I an F1 super fan? Yes. Happened she, because I'm They gave The antagonist. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. And then it four Xd in America F1. There's so many elements. But it's also like shamefully. I know Cheryl Miller, that's who I knew. I just know she's great. I didn't get to see her be great. Really? I didn't see any college basketball games of hers. I just know her stats. Yeah. And I go, oh those are fucking wild. But you need these kind of, of breakthrough superstars that ignite interest in these sports. The sports themselves aren't, nothing's Intrinsically interesting. No. It's all the story around it. It's all the history around it. It's all of the little things that pull you in.


That's why I love the Olympics so much. 'cause that is the Olympics. They show you the pre story and especially how it used to be where it was like it's coming on at prime time. They show you the story and then you watch that person go and run around the track. Did you Guys watch Sprint before the Olympics? Yeah. And I'm like, oh I sure did. I care more about this than anything in the world. Walked In Shakar, I love you, I wanna see you win. All of those things matter. And then you're invested in it. And then yeah, sports are sports. They're fun. And it's an event. Yes. To go to like a concert or a comedy show or the farmer's market or you go to sports. It's like this is something that we're doing for entertainment. I think there's something that you always say that's like not every sport is for every person.


You said baseball was boring. Yeah. But you can maybe go on time and enjoy it or you don't go at all and you don't love it and you say this, I'm literally stealing this for you. But it's like, but you don't shit on baseball every day. You Don't like spend All of Your time. It's nots threatening my identity. Right. You're not spending all of your time on the platform that you have to make sure everybody knows you hate baseball. Exactly. And it has no value and it not worth it. And that's what people do to women's, women's sports. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's like you don't have to even come to the most popular ones that you'll probably like. You don't even have to do that. But why do you have to shit on it? Yes. Why do have to? Why does it? Yes. Why is it threatening? That's the point. It's okay if you like one thing better than another. I would argue that, and I can't really pull like an exact example, but I might argue that, I'm not gonna argue this.


Someone might say men's tennis is more what? Athletic, exciting than women's tennis. Okay. And yet aren't there people that prefer women's tennis? Oh yeah. Yeah. So it is just the preference. Yeah. And then back to what Megan said, women's basketball is A great example. We don't dunk. We have to deal with this all the time. You guys don't dunk. It's boring. You don't it boring. That's The big complaint. Yes. Oh, I'm not in the silo enough. Yeah. I don't hate the wb. So I don Dunno. I love that. But it's like you constantly have to answer that, but it's like, okay, you don't Like It, that's fine. But what she said, why do you feel the need to shit on it? Because that shitting on it has infested and gotten in the veins. Yes. Of like the cultural cachet of it all. What's your armchair explanation for this? You could just go, misogyny great. But I think for Basketball I have one.


Oh great. It's very specific to basketball. Okay, Great. I wanna hear it. Okay, So different from some other sports, particularly team sports. A lot of men, boys play basketball. Yes. They play it's, they play it on the park, they play it in gym class, they play it on their teams in elementary school, middle school, so on and so forth. And they think they're good. Ah. And what do men a lot of times do in my experience is they're constantly sizing the women's basketball players up. And so they're looking like, I could do that. Right. I could beat you. Right. And that is their way of like flexing that they could do it and therefore it doesn't have value. Yes. So that happens a lot. And I think it's because basketball is just such a popular sport in our country. I can't even tell you how much I encounter that. Yeah. No one's mad at women's swimming. No.


'cause no one thinks they're a good swimmer. No one think They're a swimmer. Like I can just barely swim. That's I soccer Megan doesn't get this rare, if ever does she have a guy come up to her and be like, I could take you. Yeah. Whereas this is like, well if it's not an actual one-on-one game. It's a game of horse. Dude. Dudes do that to you a lot. All the Time. I'm constantly now, a lot of times it's friendly. They're not being jerks. It's like a friendly banter maybe. You know, we're out at a bar I don't know what it is, but it happens all the time. All the time. And I'm smaller. Sometimes it's someone who maybe did have a good high school career, maybe played D 2D three. And I always say this is always my, I'm like, if I had your body, I'm like, you'd be looking at the high speed player in the NBA. Yeah. Yeah. Right. It's just that I don't, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Because there's six, I'm not Six four Going on.


Yeah. Oh yeah. Anyways, That's a really good take. How easily men feel emasculated. Definitely. And then it just became the thing to shit on. Yeah. 'cause I had a hot take in defensive men. It was about Taylor Swift and it was about a very common male thing to happen was when women would find out she had given her road staff like $18 million or something, which is by all accounts a radical gesture. We kept hearing this became a topic. Remember this? Men would be telling their girlfriends like, well yeah, she makes a billion. of course she can give 18 million. Like they couldn't latch on to how cool it was. She had done that. And I was like, why is that the reaction? I really need to understand what's going on in their body when they choose.


I gotta bash this. And I was like, oh, I think they're like my girlfriend and my wife loves this woman. I can't really compete with anything she does. I'm not a singer. And now she's really generous. Well, I'd be generous too if I had a billion dollars. It's like this weird To put it down. Yes. It's like somehow they're less because Taylor had this generosity and they have to point out, well it's not very generous. I would give someone that too if I had a billion dollars and also Another wouldn't. Yeah. And also Elon Musk is, is doing what he's doing with his billions of dollars. Yes. I know. Not to say that all men are Elon Musk with questions, but Yeah. It's like, what is going on? Why is that the standard Reaction? I've been at dinners, we've been at dinners with close friends and some of them are married couples, men, women.


And there was this one topic that went around of who's the best shooter. And by the way, a lot of my friends are former athletes, also basketball players. The women are, and their husbands didn't play in college, but they played. I've seen them play. They're decent. And we went around the table. Who's the best shooter at the table? I didn't get picked first. It was crazy. Despite the stats Or it was, well, okay. Yeah, I guess we have to pick Sue first and I just don't know because she, if they're at the table best. Yeah. Yeah. Because that's the answer. Yeah. I'm not even gonna go in the Steph Curry route if they're at table. Yeah. Regie Miller. Yeah. Jason Kid. Not even the Best of the best, but like they would ever say, well I guess we have to put Jason first. Yeah, exactly. Because Steph Curry, Ray Allen, Reggie Miller. Yeah. They'd be like, oh of course guys. Yeah, LeBron even. So you could argue LeBron's not the greatest shooter of all time.


Anyone could make that argument. And yet they would still be like, oh, LeBron's first. And I was just looking around. I was like, guys, Get real. What are we doing here? Let's go to the three point line right now. What's happening For women in general? It's like, what's it going to take? Yeah. Men's ball, women's ball, volleyball, beach ball, picket, let's go. I think there is something about, and I think this generally happens in equality conversations, but there is something about women getting more rights that feels threatening. And it's like, no one's taking your rights away. Men, no one's doing that. That's not inequality. That we're having more rights. Yeah. We're just, or the same. Right. Trying to get the ones you already have. Yes. Yeah. Yes, I agree. But I'll add, if I can give my most generous, good faith explanation is these guys already feel like they can't get a woman.


And they had some path in the fifties like, well if I go get a job and I earn some money, I'm gonna end up with one. And I think it's a little bit more of the insecurity of like, if they don't need me, will I ever have anyone? If I can be the most generous, I think a fear is driving it of like, well if they don't need me, why would they be with me less than maybe. Well in practice it would be, I don't want them to have it so they do need me. Yeah. But it's just hard to really figure out what's going on in the person. Like what fear is actually happening that they're behaving in a way that's repugnant. Well I do think there's something that's generally happening in America with the falsehood of the American dream of if you work hard and do X, Y, and Z, then you'll get X, Y, and Z.


Whether that's in a job, which is not true anymore. There used to be a path forward and then corporations got greedy and are blaming it on immigrants that now you can't have this path to have a job and have a life and success because other people are taking it. It's like really corporate profits have gone up crazy. So there's that part. But then there's also this part of, oh, you're a guy. These are the things that you deserve. You're entitled to a woman. Yeah. And it's like, no, nobody's entitled to anybody else. Women don't not need men. Yeah. Obviously not every woman is A gay woman. Otherwise that would be a problem. That would be a problem. But like you're not entitled to this other person. So what are you bringing exactly to them? Yes. What are they bringing to you?


The relationship is just becoming more equal. Men I think have historically been told be hyper-masculine. Do these things, don't show any emotion. And they are going through a crisis. Yeah. Yeah. We're asking for something a little different. Yeah. And I also am kind of like, and that's not our emotional labor to hold. That's men. Yeah. You guys have to take that on yourself and figure that out. We have to do that for ourselves while fighting against the threat that is inequality. I think men are going through a crisis. I feel that. And I see that. And I am empathetic to that. And also, oh yeah. And we figured it out like under the boot so you guys can do it. Yes. Yeah. And I think the needs to come from men. Yeah. People who have figured it out to help these boys.


And you, me and you all help. Yeah. We're together doing it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You guys are so much fun. Yeah. How fun are I really like you. I'm even extra ashamed that I thought it was 11 because I would've loved another 20 minutes with you both. What's the name of your podcast? A Touch More. A Touch More. I listen to it. You guys have a very, very good flow and dynamic that's really good for this space. Thank You. Thank you. We're learning, we're figuring it out. Yeah. It took us 30 so many questions for you guys. We're still learning. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The interviewing is probably where as two people interviewing one person's a dance. We're getting hard thing. Yeah. It's really hard. And we've had to take the route. Two people really can't do it. If you're trying to come up with some grand arc, it's really kind of quite hard to do it that way.


Good. We're figuring that out. And then one other tip was just, we have found out too, it's really helpful that Monica hasn't saw the movie or read the book or done the thing because that's totally audience curious. And if we're getting too esoteric, the guests and I, she's like, whoa, you guys missed a chapter or something. Like what are you talking? You Know? Yeah. No one's gonna follow this so we're gonna have to, you need like An outsider's eyes on It almost. Okay. At times. Yeah. One time I couldn't help myself and I had to watch Fargo season five. I had to, I couldn't stop. And then during the interview I was panicked 'cause I was like, I don't think this is good. I don know because I watched it. And I don't think there's no way for me to be objective anymore. That's A good point. And then I hope you guys will make docs. Are you gonna make docs with your media company? I think so.


Yeah. We had a couple of cool things coming out. We adapted a book. Clea Cute. The show is gonna be called Playing the Field. Ooh, okay. Yeah. Sarah Tapscott, who did College Lives of Sex. Girls. New Girls Lives. She's college girls. Yeah, sorry. Sex Lives of college. Lives of and the college lives of Sexy Girls. Listen, Honestly, good one. And the same. Same same. You guys know, she's our show runner. So we're really excited about that one. Oh fun. And then we have like a reality show coming up. Oh good. Yeah, We're excited. I got some good stuff. Okay, so you're not gonna be sitting around. There'll be a shooting schedule schedule's in your future. Oh, we have lots of schedule then. You know, Google docs and calendars. I'm like overwhelming. What is this? We'll be inserted in the calendar maybe. Yeah. Literally. Maybe wild out here in these normal worlds.


Well, Sue and Megan, this has been so much fun. I hope you come back when you have one of these projects up and running to promote. 'cause I want more time with you guys. Definitely come back. You're wonderful. And I liked it. Thanks for having us. Thank you. And maybe let your daughters winning in Horse I. think I changed my mind. Real time Update. I've been really, I've been stewing over here now every time I Know where I got you. I'm like, are they really college bound? No. Fuck I it. That's a new situation. Give him some affirmation. Yes. Stay tuned for the fact check. It's where the party's at. Okay. Full disclaimer to the armed cherries. It would feel dishonest to not say, we attempted to talk about, oh you the election, you wanna go back?


Well, no, it just didn't go well. I would say that we tried and of course it's on our minds the most and that seems like the topic we would be talking about. But we tried and it just, it didn't go well. Yeah. So we're gonna skip that. Yeah. And so it might be a short fact check I guess is all I'm saying because there's really no other details going on. We the, it was election, election election. Marsha, Marsha, Marsha. A Couple weeks ago. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It was. And it's still on our Minds. It's still lingering. And did you have to hope everyone's doing okay out there? Me too. So Sue and Megan, very fun. Very, very, very fun. Oh, okay. So I made the mistake of saying that the friends and family discount from the row Yeah.


Is like they don't get stuff for free. Yeah. You said it was small, right? Yeah, it's Small. Like five or 10 Percent's what I heard. No I don't, I never, I don't know percent didn't commit any numbers. Yeah. I didn't commit to any numbers. This is what I heard through the grapevine, but I don't know it for sure. Okay. So, and there's obviously no information on that on the internet. Like I don't know if Elizabeth Olson's getting stuff for free. I hope she is. She must be. But they also, do you, well let me ask you this. Do you think they're gifting to celebrities? No. Or they don't need to? I I, they, I don't think they gift. I, they definitely like people will wear their stuff to red carpet things but they don't get to keep it. They don't get to keep it. God. I know they should let, there's a couple people they should let keep it Kate Blanche.


Can we let her keep it? I would love that for her. She deserves it. I wonder who they would do it for. No one. Wait, that reminds me. We're seeing a performance right now. That is so off the charts. Ooh good. What is it? Well first of all, we're watching season two of the Diplomat. Oh nice. Which is great. And Carrie Russell Love Her. We had her on friend of the pod, she's in the archives. She Drank a couple beers, which is so cool. And she's our only guest who slammed a couple beers while she was there. Yeah. Probably That I recall. Could be wrong. Yeah. She's so consistently awesome. But that's not the one.


Oh, I know who I wanna applaud. Okay. Are you watching Escape from Danor? No, I'm not. Okay. We missed the boat. Oh no. Big time. And I hate to admit this, but I loved what's the other show? Ben's other show that We Love A severance. My God. We Love Severance so much. I am obsessed with Severance to the degree where I was like, you know what? Escape from Dan Morriss probably Excellent. 'cause he directed all that as well. Right? Not all of it. But you know, he did the same thing as he's doing on Severance. It's phenomenal. And Patricia Arquette is like next level as this woman. And I found out a bunch of behind the scenes stuff she gained and lost 50 pounds during.


Oh my gosh. The her look, the way it changes her. She is so dialed into this person. It's so, the show's phenomenal. I didn't even realize Benicio Deltoro is one of the leads. Mm. He's awesome. What an enigma. What is he doing? Why doesn't he work? How I need to talk to him and understand he works what he Wants And he works the hell out of it when he does. Yeah. He's so fucking interesting. And then Paul Dano is fantastic. Everyone's fan. It's, it's a great, great show that we missed I think. 'cause it was on Showtime. That's my explanation. But now it's on Netflix. You see it's Like It was number two. Okay. I'll have to check it out.


The the, I've had this, I was about to say it must be so rewarding, but I've had this with Chips where all of a sudden Chips was climbing up to number one or two in movies over, you know, and it come out years before. It's such a fun thing. Yeah. I wonder from Ben's perspective what it's like to have this show that was out 10 years ago. That's like number two on Netflix. Must be. Yeah. Have fun. Yeah. And probably more people are seeing it now than ever saw it in its first run. I am gonna watch it. I need a new show to Be able to play Alabama worldly at one point in her life. You don't know that character do you? True romance, true romance. Alabama Worley. Mm. Unbelievable. Mm Ooh.


And now does here play this character? What a gap between those two characters. Yeah. Also, we haven't had her, but we haven interviewed David Arquette, her brother And that didn't help her. He's in the archives. Yeah, he's in the archives. Check 'em out. Yeah. Just like Carrie Russell. Just like a minute or two. Yeah, A minute or two with Carrie Russell and Oh right. They're All actually that David Arquette interview is A beautiful interview. It is. He Is A very special person. Yeah. Okay. I'm gonna watch that. Wait, why'd we get on Subjective Friends and family Discount Chat. Elizabeth Oils in Kate Blanchet. Yes. Actors that should get free row merchandise. Yeah. Yeah. So I have petty Arquette to the list. I Think Elizabeth gets free stuff.


I hope so. I Think she probably does. If she wears it might be an act of rebellion. No, she supports her sisters. Yeah. We Love each other probably Anyway. So I don't want it to come off like they're not generous. Oh, okay. Because I don't know about their Generosity. So you didn't the real number or anything? You just in general you wanna say maybe it is A really nice one. Maybe it's 90%. You know, if you followed a bunch of car accounts like I do on Instagram, you would've heard Porsche recently ended their friends and family discount for employees. Really? Yes. And the number was staggering because Porsches are generally hard to get.


You, there's not a bunch of 'em at the dealership. You gotta order one, you gotta wait and all this stuff. So everyone that can get one, those executives, they all get one. 'cause they're ultimately of course not being worth more and they're, you know, so, but it was in the tens of millions of dollars that they saved on the bottom line by getting rid of that. They're like no more, no more cheap Porsches for people who work here. Really? Yes. That makes me kind of sad though. They put in the time they're representing their company. It makes me sad too, because also I grew up in a family that had the GM discount. Yeah. Which was relevant. Although often it was the same as whatever sale they were running. But in general it was good. But I will say it's a slightly different business model, which is GM's making millions and millions of cars.


Porsche is making a very finite amount of cars. True. And so, you know, at some point if you go like, well I don't know what the percentage was, but let's say 8% of our cars are just going to our own employees at this discount. This is untenable. I guess so. I think they decided it was untenable. Huh. That's interesting because I also wonder how many people can aff, like how many people aren't getting Porsches that would have got them? Probably not that money. Well, right. These are highly paid German employees of Porsche. The Germans pay, well they pay their folks good. Well, no, sorry. I guess I mean like, because they're giving these in their head, they're giving these Porsches away to their employees.


Yes. And it's not good because other people, they Can't be a business that just builds cars for their employees. Right. Have no profit. But Are people who would buy a Porsche, not their employees, regular people who would buy a Porsche? Are they not able to buy the Porsche? Well, I think it's that it's a supply issue with Porsche. Okay. If it were like Tesla where they can make a hundred thousand a month, yeah. They'd go, no problem. They turn the dial up on the machine. Right. Okay. But I think they're having like supply issues and then they're going like, okay, well we're selling a significant percentage of these to our own employees at this. Yeah, that Makes sense. Cutthroat. That's not a dream car for me. None of them.


Porsche is not. What about like the four doors? None of those appeal to you? They're they all, they look very pretty. But it's, it doesn't feel like it's my personality. So the one that I have been bouncing around about is I don't think they're electric cars are selling well, the take cans. Oh really? Which are the only electric car I've ever driven that I loved where I was like, oh I love this car. Forget electric non-electric. This is A phenomenal car. Bill Gates recommended. Yeah. That was the one. And then I reviewed one on top gear and I loved it. And so that planted a seed. Then they came out Monica with a fucking shooting brake style a wagon. Oh. So they make a take hand now in a wagon profile In Electric.


Yes. And you know I love station wagons. You do. And they're really discounted. Really Like shockingly discounted right now. Oh. And so for about six weeks, I spend at least 20 minutes of my day talking myself out of buying a take can station wagon. I'm like, oh, these are, I'll give you my argument when I'm convincing myself. Well, they're practically free. I mean, I think they're half off right now. It's such a good value. Yeah. Also, I should have an electric car. It'd be great if I reduce my carbon footprint a little. Do a little bit. Yeah. These are all like, now it sounds like I've got like a ethical cause on my hands, Right? Yeah. You're on a moral high ground. I'm On a moral crusade to buy this car.


Yeah. And then I go, no, no Dax, you. You don't need another car. You don't even have time to drive another car. It would be another vehicle sitting here that needs to be maintained and serviced. And you don't want that. That's not gonna up your enjoyment of life. Wow. That's Good. But then, but then an hour later I'm like, God, I saw one in red. I should really get one that's a wagon in red. And Also, I mean it's probably good to get the electric car now while it's half off. Yeah. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If You dare.


We are supported by Quince. The fall season is in full force. Even here in LA we're starting to experience a little bit of sweater weather. It's the perfect time to pull out a cozy cashmere sweater or a nice leather jacket. Whatever keeps you feeling warm and stylish. That's why this season we're thankful to be partnering with Quince. Quince offers affordable, high quality essentials for any wardrobe. We're talking seasonal must haves like Mongolian cashmere sweaters from $60 and comfortable pants for any occasion, including Thanksgiving dinner. I hope they have a little elastic in the waist. I have a button down. It's like a little denim button down. Yeah. It's very cute. And it's very versatile. 'cause you can dress it up or down. You can wear it over something that's like a little shimmery or be very cas and you know, I love any excuse to shop. Yeah. And a new season is A really good excuse. Yeah. There's no better place. Upgrade your wardrobe with pieces made to last with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash dx for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dx to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dx.


Well, my next car is definitely gonna be electric. Okay. I'm gonna, well you should think about getting a tie. Can take Can station wagon. Station wagon. Yeah. It's not really on brand for me. What part? Station wagon. Because You're not cool. I think you're very cool. I'm not cool enough to drive a station wagon. Oh, I, don't I? You know we disagree on your coolness. Thanks. I think you can pull off shave side. I think an G'S for you. I think It taken an am G is for me because it's a sedan, ultimately it's, I think It's only, it's A chic sedan For you because it just landed in your lap and you started driving. You're like, yeah, I feel great in this. I don't think you would've gone to the dealership and picked that out. I wouldn't have picked an A MG.


Right. I would've picked The normal sedan. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it turns out you're definitely pulling off an A MG. And when I hear you start your card on the block, I'm like, what a badass. But All I'm doing is pressing a button. I know. But it's rumbles. Oh wow. Yeah. Well anyway, I do. Do you like the sound of it when it starts? Yeah. Yeah. Well I'm just wondering if that even appeals to you. Is that part of the visceral thing? I kind of don't hear it anymore. Don't care. Yeah. Yeah. When I first was doing it, I was embarrassed. Right Now it's too loud for you. It was really loud. It felt a little toxic. A little toxic. A little toxic.


But now I don't even hear it. Mm. Which is interesting 'cause it's not Like. It went down. People still can hear it. Yeah. I just can't, When I start my wa, my a MG wagon, I have a full 30 seconds of euphoria. Wow. I'm like the way that low rumbles is so pleasing. The other day I was somewhere and some car was driving by and it was so loud, Obnoxiously loud. And I was, I was Irritated. So angry about it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It felt so disturbing and so entitled. Like why do you get to, why do you feel like you can be louder than everyone? Ruin everyone's day?


Because that person loves that sound. So they're not thinking you don't love the sound. They're assuming you love the sound. They love the sound. Do you think most people love like extremely loud sounds? I can. I don't know what most people think. I know that me and my guy friends all love the sound of an A MG, We Love. The sound of This is like times, this is not like the sound of an am MG. Right. This is, I think the times 4,000. I think the best example everyone can relate to is A Harley. That's also a very polarizing sound for people. Very loud. Too loud. I remember my judge going on and on for like 20 minutes of how annoyed he is at this group that rides by his house and there's like 50 of 'em.


And he is like, you know, how much attention do these guys need? You know, he's like really going. Yeah. They're all solid points. And at the end of it, I just had, I would've felt fraudulent. I go, I know. I'm one of those guys. I love that sound. And I love when I hear a pack, a pack of bikes go by. I just love it. Well that's, Yeah. Yeah. Teach their own is the same. I think teach Their own. Oh, okay. She mentioned Megan mentioned her sister who was sick. She had like really bad anemia and she said her hemoglobin levels were like one or two and, and that sounded really bad. But I also didn't know what the range, normal levels are. The Yes. Yeah. For men they should be between 13.2 to 16.6. Okay. And for women, 11.6 to 15.


Okay. So there's some overlap. 13 to 15, there's some male female overlap. Exactly. That's one of the side effects that can happen to people on testosterone replacement therapy. Oh really? Their hemoglobin can get too high. Oh, Eric's had this, oh, mine's never, that's never been a side effect. I had luckily, but for some people that can happen. And then the, you know what the solution is? Donuts Donate blood. Oh. Oh. You go donate some blood and then it lowers it all to normal. Oh wow. Yeah. Yeah. That's cool. Okay. Speaking of medicines, I started my statin.


Oh you did? Congratulations. When did you start it? Thank you. How many days ago? Probably a week ago at this point. Okay. Maybe a little more than that. You are feeling any Feeling fine? Yeah. I don't think you can feel any difference. Yeah, you can have, there's like, you're supposed to look out for leg numbness. Oh, okay. Which I don't think I have. And muscle pain. Yeah. Like mu maybe muscle stuff. I. Don't know. Yeah, I've heard that. I haven't felt anything like that. I do think my appetite has gone down. I think that's the stress Of our life. Of Yeah. The, the last week. But I also, I looked it up and it is A side effect. Really?


Yeah. It can be a appetite suppressant or like a Well that it makes you feel full. You know that. Oh My God. It's like Ozempic. I Was gonna say it's like over the counter. Well, it's not over the counter, but yeah. It's Like another, so that's, and I'm only taking half right now. I hope my doctor doesn't hear this. Okay. See where that gets You. But Dr. Richard Isaacson said I could start with half. I had my first, did I already brag about this? My last hormone labs, which were like a month ago. Oh. And they were perfect. Well, I was under the cholesterol by like, I've never been on, I haven't been under since I've been getting it checked. Right. That's great. Oh my. I didn't think this was a possibility. Yeah, It's surprising 'cause you eat so much red meat.


I know, but it's really not that. It's like your genetics. Well Genetics is A huge thing, but red meat can really affect it. Okay. And it can bring it down a ton if you cut it out. Yeah. But for you, I guess it doesn doesn't Matter. I just, yeah. My N one experiment of having been vegan for a year and my cholesterol didn't move at all. Callie's mom went vegan and it completely fixed her cholesterol. Oh really? Yeah. Yeah. I think that happens for people. I think if people don't have the genetic disposition where it's like they're just naturally high, which my whole family has been naturally high. When I did it with diet, it didn't really do anything. Right. I can have a lot of fiber. It doesn't really do much. Yeah. So the red yeast and then now I'm on a new, instead of a statin, which blocks it somehow there's a way to block the absorption.


So I'm on a different one that blocks absorption And how's that going? Really good. I mean, I had gotten myself to where I was already just teetering unhealthy. Yeah. But this put me into like positively healthy. Wow. That's great. Yeah. Thank you Dr. Richard Isaacson. It's really helping us out. Yeah. My internist asked if he could get enrolled in that study and so did my mom. Oh Yeah. It's a hot study. Yeah. It's the hot study to be in in 2024. It is. Ellie, the elephant they were talking about is the mascot. Yeah. In New York. Yeah. And I did look her up. She does look really cool. And she does twerk and she dances and she like flips her hair.


She's very Cool. Well, funny enough, I would've never known anything about Ellie the Elephant, except for when I was in New York a couple weeks ago. I was watching the news and there was a whole thing about Ellie the Elephant, God. And I was like, oh my God, this is A thing they're talking about. The city is obsessed with Ellie the Elephant. That's so funny. She was on the nightly news. Wow. Is Sue, does she have the record for the longest player in the WNBA? She's one of Sue and Diana Tara Rossi. As of October, 2024, Sue Bird led the all time list of games played in Women's National Basketball Association. Let's see what that number is. Bird played 580 games for the franchise.


Okay. Diana, as of September has a sec. Had the second at 5 65, but maybe You could be in longer. True. And played less games. True. Yeah. You could have an injury, be out for a season and you're still, that's a year you were in the WNBA, but you were out Definitely 50 games. But I think this is how they quantify. Okay. It. So that's cool. Yep. That's it for Sue and Megan. Not many facts. Just fun. Lot of fun. Light on facts. Heavy On fun. Heavy on fun And heavy on information. It is really cool to have these women who represent women's sports and know a lot about it. Yeah. Yeah. The inside and obviously like objectively and subjectively, I would say.


Yeah. And she Sue said that you could let the girls win at basketball. She turned a corner on that. She switched mid-interview. She did. I wonder if when she left, she was like, well, now I regret switching actually. Yeah. She's been back and forth since then. I Think the key was, I think she would keep her original opinion if your child had expressed a goal to end up in a professional sport. I think the turning point was me saying like, they're not en route. Yeah. To any professional organization. Yeah. So So What's the point? What's The point? Yeah. Yeah, I agree. All right. I love You. Love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey. Hey Armchairs, quick question for you. Have you ever stopped to wonder who came up with that bottle of sriracha sitting in your fridge? Or why almost every house in America has a game of Monopoly stashed away somewhere? Well, this is Nick and this is Jack, and we just launched a brand new podcast called The Best Idea. Yet it's all about the surprising origin stories of the products you're obsessed with and the people who brought them to life. Like Super Mario, the best selling video game character ever. He's only a thing because Nintendo couldn't get the rights to Popeye or Jack. How about McDonald's Happy Meal? Believe it or not, the Happy Meal was dreamed up by a mom in Guatemala every week on the best idea. Yet, you'll discover the surprising stories behind the most viral products of all time while picking up real business insights along the way. We guarantee you'll be that person at your next dinner party, dropping knowledge bombs at the table, follow the best idea yet on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to the best idea yet early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.