
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple. Podcasts Or. you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm m Dan. Shepparton And. I'm joined by Lily Padman. Hi. And we have returning, returning Melissa McCarthy But. now very exciting. My, one of my oldest friends in la. Yeah. Ben Falcone. Yes. The duo Ben has been more and more in my life now. He's lovely. And I just like it so much. Good. I'm reminded of what a sweet boy Ben Falcone is. You'll hear he's a little bit of a f Fredy cat. Cute And. it is really cute. Cute. He's You. know what I wish he had done is brought his guitar, sang and played for you. He has the most beautiful voice and he is a great guitar player. And. a lot of his sketches were singing and they were so good. Oh. my God He And I wrote a song once called Kaleidoscope, and we would spell out the whole thing.


That was KLE. Okay. Melissa McCarthy, of course. Bridesmaids Gilmore. Girl Spy. Ben Bridesmaids Tammy He directed four or five of their movies together. Yes, And. they have a new podcast called Hildy the Barback, and the Lake of Fire. It's very So fun. Comedic Game of Thrones scripted podcast. Very. well done Very. funny So. everyone. check out Hildy, the Barback and the Lake of Fire. Please enjoy Melissa McCarthy and Ben Valcon.


We are supported by it. Audible. We know you love audio content. Thanks for listening to the show. But if your ears are craving more audio, Audible is the place to go. I probably, in truth, spend more time on Audible than any other place. Any other app. Yeah. I'm listening every night for an hour before bed. There's more to imagine when you listen. Whether you're searching for the latest and new releases or you want to catch up on a classic title, you can find it all in the Audible app. And as an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. What Are you listening to now? Well, I'm just finishing the world's I see by Fei FEI Lee. It's so good in moving And. I. Love it so much. I'm, I'm sad it's ending. Now listen, new members can try Audible for free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500. 500


Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Ben, you as well. This is a very cute look for you. Oh, thank you very much. W Agree. I'm kind of crazy about it. Yeah, It's shocking to me you haven't been cast in a period piece. Well, There's still time. Still Time and McCarthy, you look beautiful, right? Oh, well Hey, I said to Melissa really quick. Do you call her McCarthy? Mostly I call her McCarthy or Mooch. That Was so cute. He called Mooch for 20 some years. I did not think my be patrols would be like, Hey Mooch, when did I become like a Milwaukee bowler? Her habit though is we could be talking for 25 minutes and then the minute I leave I'm like, okay, I I'm gonna go use the restroom, whatever I'm gonna do.


Hey Ben. That's when she Remembers. I'd like to say that's not true, but it's like a hundred percent true. Yeah. Yeah. His second, he's walked away. Oh, hey Ben. Hey Ben. And your nickname for Ben is Ben. Ban. Baban. Yeah. I'll say Bell a lot too because it's shortest. And also where I grew up, everyone went by last names. That's how you knew you were really good friend. Did you guys do that? I did. No, nobody has ever really called me. That's difficult to do with a lady nail. Yeah. Yeah. You have pretty Lady nails On And a really long Oh, what is that thing? It's just finger jewelry. Dad. Oh my God.


I mean your basic stuff. Also Amazon or that's from a real collection. This Is real everything on me. I'm probably Hi under this brought to you by Baso. Really? You Guys are gonna be rubbing Sav cortisone on each other tonight. All Much. I'll be like, I don't, I don't know what that bump is. That's definitely irritated. Tell me. It's not a boil band. Ban baban. For people who are only listening, you should give a context of what's Happened. Oh, For sure. Yeah. So ly came adorned in, I guess Medieval Middle Ages. Yeah. Garb. Yeah. And, I. Gotta say right out of the gates, I thought for sure. Yours, McCarthy.


Yes. You had spent a fortune on, 'cause it looks coture. It really Does. It looks really nice. I mean, it's like you put enough random pieces together and you just might get something. You've kind of piecemealed this Together. This is like one body suit over another. It's like I'm wearing UA guitar. Wow. And just in my, I guess crotch panel Crotch plate, just To keep it more classy. I And protected those middle ages. They were coming hard for that. Yeah, they were coming after the Crotch. Yeah. It's this area was in danger. So Melissa, I don't even know how I would verbally describe this, but you're in kind of faux chain mail with fluorescent under scaling. Yeah. It's a lime green unitard.


And then over that I've put in my head. Was supposed to look like dragon. Yes. It looks Like Dragon. Dragon What? Scales? Scales. And then finger boles And nice leather shoulder plates. It's really true. A big cross section of leather across the breast. So It's medieval with like a whisper of gimp. Yeah. Yes. It really does look like the famous gimp outfit. Much more artistically. Thank you. Thank you. That's what I was going for. You look like a learned man from the middle Ages. Yeah, I should have like a pipe and a big book. Yeah. You can read right? You're good with letters. Yeah. And papaya. Weird Experience. I meant papaya. I thought you were just going, we like fruit.


Dax always kind of distinguishes personalities by fruit, specific fruit moments. You know, McCarthy, she's a real banana. That's what I'd say about you. I want it. If I had to pick a, what Would you Now this is a fun game. Oh, Kiwi. I'm a kiwi. Or You're a kiwi. You're A kiwi. I'm a kiwi. Yeah. Yeah. Furry. No. Well I said that 'cause that's my favorite fruit. Aw. It's so sweet and yummy. But also mild. It's a milder food. Mild fruit. It's a milder fruit. It is. Right. Also, I just watched something where someone's like, oh, you're missing out. You should be eating the outside too. And I was like, no, I don't think so. Oh, absolutely, absolutely not. No, no. But they were like, you're missing all this good. I'm like, yeah, but I, I'm not eating fur. don don't want that. Yeah.


Also, did You have a sketch at somewhere that you said A big hit a kiwi because our friend Jess says that all the time. And. I believe it's You. Well, their friend Jess. Ding ding ding. Giant Jess. Giant. Jess giant Hals. We just saw him not too long ago. Affectionately known as giant Jess. Yes. He's a gj. Which is confusing. He's a banana. Yeah. Is he a banana With that height? No, I don't see. No, he's a carrot strawberry. What fruit at all? You're right With the red. This is Embarrassing. Wow. It's really easy to get it wrong in this game. I feel like people are gonna be offended by whatever you Say. I just could be a pineapple. Oh, I like that prickly.


No. A plume. Yes. Oh, a plume on top and pineapple's delicious. Very. Oh by the way, Ben Eats, people could not think of the word cannibal to save my life. So I was like, he does that thing where people eat other, you know what? People eat people. I don't even remember where I was going. Cannibalism matters. Cannibalism. Okay. All this is because you guys have a podcast, which is Well that's me. Just start by saying it's interesting that you got into the podcast space in the hardest possible way to do it. Which is That's our way Dad. Fully Scripted. Oh it's a terrible idea. So hard. Super produced. Incredibly well done. I'll add, I keep thinking I'm bumping into something as my ho are aking on my head.


I know long. I can go with the Horn. I'm gonna have head hives for sure. Oh yeah shorty. I just have a big line of sweat across. Yeah, I would maybe lose That table that for a second. Okay. But yeah, the amount of work on your plate is hefty for this. Yeah. Super high work effort Cost us a good little bit. Hard to break it. Even we The studio, no one's part of it. Just us. Sure, Sure, Sure. Really wrote something that is incredibly visual but you'll never see it. So really you stack that deck up and you're like, wow, We were like two wrongs. Don't make it right. But what about like six? It was so poorly done because it was quite a success. I actually think it's fantastic but it's just so much work.


What was really shocking is then just we kept asking people to do it. We were like, will we even get through the explanation And? Then it was pretty shocking when people were like, oh yeah, Who are you most nervous to approach because you have Glen close. That one seemed really nerve wracking to explain what this would be to her. She's so funny and loves like a weird thing. So I was like, I think this might be right. And close as we Asked. And what was interesting was you're out town so you zoomed in and said hi. I had met Glenn a couple times just at functions and stuff, but at first it was, we have a very quick VO for you to do. And then I was like, what if she actually wants to do something fun? So that morning I went in super early and wrote five pages. So her stuff gets more and more And.


it develops with Octavia as it goes. But what I found was I was so glad I did because she really wanted to do more. She's incredible. I don't wanna say anyone's the best part, but I was like, wow, she fucking brought it for this. And then I assumed you guys are super close. You're not. We have not worked together. We're trying to work together, but we've known each other for years. A crossroads in my life. She was in town. We were gonna go out to dinner and we were talking about two different things and then before we got off the phone, after we said, oh let's have dinner tonight. And she's like, can I stay over tonight? I leave in the morning. And. I was like, you can And I literally was like close sleep over my House. And I was in Australia.


So jealous. It was like a little bit outta the body girl sleepover. Just The Do you, were you with the kids? Who had the kids? I was with the kids. Yeah. It was just you two in the home. And I was like, absolutely you can at any moment with no advance notice. Glen can sleep at my house. Here's the key to the home. Feel free to use it or not. Yeah. So first you guys went out to dinner. And it was a fun dinner. Fun Dinner. Cocktails. Cocktails. Everyone's relaxed. Super relaxed. She's really funny. We're talking about all this stuff going off on random stories. Great dinner, And. then we got in Jammies and said goodnight And. it was wonderful. Okay, so no post dinner in jammies. Was there any TV or anything? No, there wasn't. 'cause we got home pretty late and she was leaving really early in the morning. Okay.


Dax always thinks when girls have sleepovers they fuck. That's where this was happening. And. I was gonna be said. I didn't, I didn't anticipate. Well that's obviously one of the stepping stones en route to the ultimate. What if you got the call from McCarthy and she said, Ben, I did fuck Miss Close Last night. I need you to know this. I'd be like, all right. Yeah. I'd be like, I get it. I'd be Like, yeah, she's wonderful. But I always wanna know where did that start? Like tickle party and like pillow fight. I'm like I know. Never in my life, the only time I've probably hit someone with a pillow was like my sister And, I fighting And. I was like, I'm gonna fucking knock your block off.


Yeah, yeah. Flirty. Yeah. And I've never to my knowledge, tickled one of my friends. Well we know where it came from. It came from movies that guys wrote. Yeah, like Animal House or whatever. What they dreamed was happening. That's my question. Why is that? Like man, I'd love To see her tickle. Oh Let her tickling her. Pick up the pillow. Oh she's gonna hit my pillow Oh. my God hit her. So soft and hard with the pillow. Oh God. Hit her soft and hard but then too soft. And then Too soft. Too Soft. She doesn't like that. Gail doesn't like it. She wants more harder. Oh Gail. Now I want Dax to write that full scene. If I wrote on an entire movie that takes place at a pillow fight, it's just one escalating tickle pillow fight.


But then there's a danger element. 'cause one of the women has a foam pillow. So it's It's more yes without one. That's the hypo member of the crew. I'm waiting to get this script. Okay. I do have you playing a very pivotal role. Am I the pillow? Is there a thing about Glen that you kind of latched onto that you like about her? Or is she mentory to you? She has never taken a wrong turn and she has such a long career. And I. Remember seeing dangers liaisons. She broke my brain. There's that moment toward the end when she stands up and she gets like jeered by the audience. Before you could do CGI stuff. You see her through her white makeup. Her cheeks really flush red.


Ooh. And it's on camera. Which means she started in one thing and then fully flush red within the take And I. Remember being like not scared me, but I just couldn't conceive of your emotions being so powerful that it's physical. I latched onto that of something to strive for that you're so in it in reality. Yeah. Yeah. That it's coming out physically. Yeah. 'cause you can fake crying a bit. That can be, what do they put? Menthol? Yeah, Menthol and stuff. Glycerin stuff. And presumably people can just start crying. But yeah, making your cheeks flush. That would be better than wiggling your ears. That'd be crazy. Control. It's crazy Control and then crazy. Out of control all at the same time. Octavia is an easy pitch.


We had Octavia since we've had you And. it was so much fun. Who met Octavia first? You did? Yeah. Melissa. We met her at the same time at Groundlings. Did you guys have early levels together? Yeah, We met in lab. So we were writing stuff and Tate was in that class and that's when we started seeing Octavia. Octavia would come to watch the shows when we were at the Groundlings. And her laugh was so infectious and crazy 'cause she does have the best laugh in the universe that the shows would go better. Yeah. And. then we started getting panicky and we would call Tate and be like, your friend's coming. Right? Like I've got a new sketch to put in. So she started coming more and more and more. And when she was in the audience, she has such a big laugh, but it's not, it Wasn't fake.


It wasn't fake, but it was fake And. it just makes everyone else be like, oh this is wonderful. So we were like stacking the deck. Yeah. She rises the whole tide. Yeah. Okay. So we all met, I'm not sure since we never had classes together. It was like Between levels, right? God, What year is That? This would've been mid to late nineties. I'm just wondering how we ended up all in a group together yet. I don't think I had had classes with anybody. Don don't know. And what was it called? The Barefoot Something? No, we were the House of Floyd. Oh, House of Floyd. Weren't we? The house of Floyd. And remember we did a show at the Cornet Theater and we had to cancel a show because no one showed up. One guy showed up there and you guys made me go outside to tell him we can't do the show for one person. 'cause we were doing this artsy thing. Like, well, well there's one member of the audience.


Do we need to do the show? And Melissa was like, No, we can just And. I had to out and tell him. And he wasn't like, oh I get it. He was like, well this is ridiculous. I bought a ticket. It's a 300 seat audience and you're the only one who can't do it. He was so mad at me. Yeah. Was it Sketch or improv or both? Sketch, I think that was Sketch. Yeah. I can't remember any sketches from that. Did you do your grocery guy? Yeah, We had a sketch where we found love. That's right. Yeah. You were the grocery guy and you were, You were doing samples. You were handing out samples. Weirdly. That's a chestnut I pulled out quite often. I have always been obsessed in real life with people handing out samples at a grocery store. Oh yeah. And I. Think I've written like multiple sketches about it Because why?


What's their psychology? I like having surprise snacks around the corner and someone's like, would you like to try this cold be cheese? I'm like, sure As shit would. Yeah. Or like a summer sausage thing and you're like, I would like a piece of summer sausage. My my dad's weekend was planned around going to Costco on the day where they had many, many samples. Yeah. And he got in numerous fights with other people who were either trying to get too many samples or maybe he was trying to get too many samples. He was asked to stop coming to his Costco 'cause he had been in so many dust up over the samples. See Disconnect. And. I was giving one time. He goes, let's go up to Costco. I'm gonna bring you with me. I bet they'll let me in Oh.


my God Was this when you were sort of a celebrity person. That's when he was like, oh you'll get me into Costco. The Costco he had been asked to not Of all the wheels you want greased. It's like, can you get me into that Costco? I'm banned. That's Wonderful. That's pretty good. This is a fun opportunity for me to ask about your guys' original love affair because I was very much in the group. You guys had a secret love affair. Do you remember it being secret, clandestine? It was fairly clandestine. Especially you were right there when we just were starting to go out or not. Yeah, Because it was that thing of we were all friends and then you didn't want to be like, well maybe we've started smooching.


We didn't know how to bring it up. And then what if we brought it up and then it went away? Yeah, sure. And I also thought, oh my gosh, what if this doesn't work out? Ben's like my best friend. And what if this screws it up? And then Mike McDonald, he busted The one he busted you or he? He busted Us. He busted at the snake pit. I think it's still There. Bar maybe on Melrose. On Melrose. Not far from Grounds. That's where you went after class. We'd Always go there after class. And Mike McDonald, there's probably like 10 of us around a table and just would not drop eye contact with me. And literally he kept looking at Ben and then staring at me. And then he made some rather pornographic hand gestures. He did. And he said, I know. Oh, And I was like, I don't know what you're talking about. He cornered you. No, he never moved from the table. So it's like everybody's talking and he's just like, And I was like, no, I'm not talking to you.


And he's like, I know Cat's out of the bag. Cat's Out of the bag. Cat's outta the bag guys. So you've been married for 19 years, but you were together for how Long? Yeah, 19 to tonight. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Oh my Congratulations. If your anniversary fell on it tonight, my congratulations is the only anniversary that came in the evening. Not at the beginning of the day. Wait, tomorrow is your anniversary. Yeah. 19 years of Wedding. Of wedding. Yeah. We might have a same anniversary or if not really close, I'm not sure on our date, but I know it's October and how many years sir? 11. Married. We've Been together what, 26? Yeah. We dated a while before that. But were you guys like riding sketches at your house and then here we go, like a hand, you know there's like, oh my pen. I dropped it. Oh wow. Well your own version pillow.


You go into a pillow fight scenario, she's gonna do a runny session movie. Start tickling each other. We tickled our way into two children. Speaking of tickling, 'cause you did ask Why is that hot? I kind of get why tickling is hot. Oh Tell Me. Oh Because it's like that loss of control. Ooh. Oh okay. A little bit adjacent. Tickling is orgasm adjacent. If someone's truly tickling you, you can't do anything but be tickled. I'm Gonna try that. Give it A whirl. Ben just blacks out. Oh, that way that did not go as planned. You have your special feather that you got off of Amazon. You know, I wonder if people have ever tried to coordinate that.


Well David Farrier's movie Tickled. Incredible Guys ever seen that documentary? No. No. But I've heard about it. It's Creepy and It's sexual. The premise was was he noticed these videos online and the premise was like competitive tickling. And then you noticed, well all the participants are 17 to 19-year-old. Very buff boys. So that's interesting that they're the only ones that are into this competitive tickling. You Go to like a meet, You would have a tickle off in a room. And he's like, something stinks here. And he started investigating And. it turns out there was this man in New York who was funding all this. And really he just wanted videos of young athletic boys tickling together. Yes. And then he spends a great deal of time tracking this man down. Yeah. And he's of course very weird.


And then he starts coming to the screenings of the movies once it gets to Sundance. And there's like a follow up doc with the guy got sued a bunch of times. I always meant to watch that. don Don't know how that came off the list. It's really good. It's really good. And it's so convoluted. Super creepy. I have some compassion for the guy 'cause he just wants to play around and tickle. But he couldn't allow himself 'cause he's older does Participate in the tickling. I think it's some weird corruption of having a secret. You know what I'm saying? Like I think he would've liked to have been an openly gay guy in the eighties and he came into all this money and then I think not being able to live out that thing, it got obscured into this weed. Yeah. That's how he could, how perverted experience it. This makes Me sad. It does.


And he is a bad guy. You Can be bad and good. No, you could be bad and you can have some passion and sad. Yeah. Okay, back to the writing sessions. Were you guys ever blurring the lines during writing sessions? I don't think during writing sessions You guys kept it really Well. That's like, well this sketch is very important Also. I don't know if it really set the mood when one of us was like, I got come in like this. Oh we let This old man What we were doing and what we visually looked like at Groundlings. The fact that somehow that stirred the pot was pretty amazing. But it Was a hotbed F Oh yeah. Sexual tension wasn't It? Oh my goodness.


Yes. Oh, I was Sony and tensed up in class. I think seeing women be hysterical was very hot. Yeah, I do. People is hot. Yeah. You're watching someone be great at the thing they're great at. Yeah, that's True. That's appealing. Attractive. You've gotten out of the way. All the normal embarrassment jitters you'd have. You've already hit rock bottom so fast when you're in ill fitting dockers and you know, a tube top and a wig. Not on what Ben's wearing right now. Is that a page boy I think. I think it's a page. Boy I have the worst admission to make. I thought that was your real hair with a hat. Even though I just saw you. Clearly that's not But now I'm realizing that.


No, That's it. And in fact, Pretty's so hot. It's so hot. Are you even us? I, I gotta Take, I gotta take this wave off in a second. No, I wave honey I Know. I thought that it's like a Tony 10. Just A little Cup under What's Tony Tenne? Captain Neil. Captain 10. Okay. Just kind of keeping it current. Okay. So no fornication during the writing sessions. Okay. And then it all came out. I do remember learning as a group, but everyone was so excited. That was my recollection when we found out really the two were lovers. Yeah. Oh wouldn't you love two people in a group and then they fall in love with each other. Yeah. There's that old sort of saying like, don't date people you work with or whatever. I Think it's don't shit. Where you eat is what trying. So I said It up right now.


I'm like, you know what I did First. But I think that's an unhealthy thing to tell people because where are you supposed to go? Where am I supposed to? Shit? Am I right The world a toilet? I'm my sexual toilet If I live and work in a sexual toilet. Riddled me this. I'm so sweaty of your life. She like The fitting end Way to go. We started it together and now We're That's like, and then he died. Then he died. He never was there for the Peabody Award that he'll be the bartender on.


Oh god. Okay. So I wanna talk about the fun mutual ride you guys have taken together because it's just very unique. Are you aware of the other couples that came before you? There's like Dizzy and Desi and there's not a bunch Shepherd and Bell. Oh She, bell Bell, bell Che, bell Shepherd. Also members of the shit we eat. Big, big Eat club. They got into some sexual shit eating As I recall. Maybe that should be our club. We create together shit, we eat club. I'll make beautiful velvet jackets. It'll be great. Keep it classy. I don't think we ever thought about it. What's really weird is people, they don't anymore.


But literally for like the first 15 years they're like, oh God, how can you work with your husband? Which also a lot of which just always said so much about the interviewer over a decade of like really. I mean you say it's fun but it has to be excruciating. And I'm like, I'm so sorry. Your life is so shitty. How many times have you walked off set? There's like zero Damn directing those things and the director's not allowed to walk off more An extra, yeah. Freedom to pitch a fit. Speaking of Bell, when it was for the boss, literally every single interviewer, they're like, who's the boss between you two? Oh, oh wow. Every time. Every single question. You know how junkets can be and just to get the same question.


And they wanted us so badly to say fucking hate her. That is what they wanted. And I wouldn't do it 'cause I don't. And so I'd be like, well the boss is our kids. And they'd be like, okay next. Like They were probably sad. Yeah. Yeah. They wanted, by the way, we're not even really fucking married. This is all a sham. Your children are actors. Do you get that? Yeah. Yeah. We've had a fair deal that, but so much of it for me has been where my own self-esteem is at. When I'm hearing the question. Like if I'm being dead honest, I used to go on talk shows and they would wanna talk about Kristen the whole time and in my insecure mind I'd be like, yeah. 'cause they'd way rather be talking to her. And now that don don't feel that way, I'm like, no, that's all you have to talk about.


She goes and talks about me and then I go on places and talk about her. And that's just what it is. Yeah. There's nothing going on beyond that. But there were periods where my insecurity, I would really hear the 12 questions throughout the press junket that confirm what I was afraid people fought. Which Is that you're a big nothing. and she great. She's a big star and I'm a loser. Sure. And if she's in my thing, she's doing me a favor. If I'm in her thing, she's doing me a favor. Yeah. Yeah. She's doing out a lot of favors. Yeah. Yeah. It's just a one-way. Favor street. Do you have any of that? Sure. don don't know. I think it just is always rooting for McCarthy and we struggled a lot to start in those times.


Those spicy times that Monica wishes. We had a few more stories about, I had no money. I'd go to her house and like awkwardly hang around and then she'd be like, oh well I have a sandwich And. I'd be like, oh Wow. That's so cool. That's so weird. I mean, I'll Have it. I wouldn't even, but So I'm gonna eat it to be polite, all of it. Be polite. And also I have Eaten since yesterday. So It's nice to start when you're both kind of struggling and you build together. You know though I do remember, so there was one time early in our relationship, one thing that's great about Melissa is she way earlier than me, like if I pointed something out, a little constructive criticism, instead of just being like, Hey, fuck off. She would be like, okay. If she thought it had merit.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I was like, wow. She takes the note instead of just getting defensive, which is what most people that I knew in our twenties would all do. Like, fuck you, you Don't know anything later you'd be like, I know what am I doing? Yeah. But I remember I was like, you don't get it. If you were in a lower place, like where I am in my career, you'd understand And, I think. She said, well why on earth would you root for me to get to a place that's harder in my career rather than rooting for yourself to get to a better place? So I for once took the note, I was like, oh. And so early on I was like, who knows what's gonna happen with any of us at any point. If you love the person, you love the person and you're rooting from the whole time. Same team. Yeah. Yeah. I'm guessing now Melissa was so close, your ears, Melissa was so way out in front of everybody.


Yes. Comedically. There is an objectivity to how we all met where I never had any problem rooting for. I had no illusions in my mind. I was as good as Melissa And that I should be somewhere that is not Melissa was. I agree with you. There were only a few people that could do stuff that she could do. And in all the different ways that she could do it, I had no doubts that I, myself or yourself or lots of us could go on stage and do stuff that really would work and really would be great. But in terms of someone who is just at that next other level, someone that's just gonna make an audience go kind of batshit crazy in a great way. I thought I could maybe help write those things, but I didn't ever think I could execute 'em as a performer. Totally.


If you And I had a sketch together, we had a pretty good sense that it was gonna be three minutes. Yeah. If Melissa had a sketch that on paper was two minutes, it might be nine and a half. Right. Depending on how it goes. She Might get that fervor going in the audience and all, hell might break this. I was there in the back when she broke her nose on stage trying to make a balloon pop. You ended up doing it on SN L. Yeah. The sketch where you got all the balloons. I forget who you ended up hitting on an SNL. Sudeikis. Yeah, Sudeikis. But she did it at Browning first. You First can't My alarm balloons Guys. Yeah. and she tried to pop it And she other men On stage and she like the audience was going crazy because they saw that she couldn't do it. Yeah. And they knew how Bad she wanted to do it. And So she would get more and more air. Whoa, bang. Whoa. And. I. Finally I was holding in front of my chest, And I just started repeatedly slamming my chest down.


And then I was now into the 35, 36, 37. I'm diving on it and punching it. Oh my God. And then finally I slammed myself down face first. And, it did pop. My head bounced off. Oh the floor. And I was like, oh, I'm blacking out. And she broke it. And meanwhile I was not directing that show. I was there just 'cause I had time. And I wanted to go see it with previews maybe. And so I was was in the back. And even though I wasn't the director, I was like, turn the lights off. 'cause I knew she was in danger. Blood Was next. But I guarantee you if I'd have somehow managed to make it happen, she would've never forgiven me because she wanted to pop that goddamn blue. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And was there blood? No, but some kind of weird liquid, which I don't know where that's from.


Sure. I thought it was blood. So I thought Oh my God. This has gotta be scaring people. But once I got to the mirror, it was just all clear. Oh, but like, like Saliva poured outta your nose. Yes. But like a cup of it. And brain were still laughing. I know. Was it brain matter? And I was like, boy, they're clapping but I'm covered in blood. But it wasn't blood. I went to see a plastic surgeon just to be like, do I need to reset it? And he asked me how I did it. And then he just was like, excuse me. And he brought in like two or three of his nurses. He's like, will you explain what you did again? And I was like, well this just seems like it's entertaining to me. This isn't medical. He said, oh, it's not medical at all. Yeah. I just wanted to get the story right. And, I'm not the best ever Jean Story. So I think they were just like, God, that's the dumbest thing we've ever heard.


And For me too, that weirdly has been helpful. With Bell. I can't sing. I don't look like, Well she's not a human, you know, She's got too many things. I fine with her Lane and I know I have no place in that lane. But everybody has their own lane. Yeah. Yeah. I would take pride in the fact that I was a writer. I'm like, well, I'm a writer. That's something I value a lot when I would think about what my lane is. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Quince. The fall season is in full force. Even here in LA we're starting to experience a little bit of sweater weather. It's the perfect time to pull out a cozy cashmere sweater or a nice leather jacket. Whatever keeps you feeling warm and stylish. That's why this season we're thankful to be partnering with Quince. Quince offers affordable high quality essentials for any wardrobe. We're talking seasonal must haves like Mongolian cashmere sweaters from $60 and comfortable pants for any occasion, including Thanksgiving dinner. I hope they have a little elastic in the waist. I have a button down. It's like a little denim button down. Yeah. It's very cute and it's very versatile. 'cause you can dress it up or down. You can wear it over something that's like a little shimmery or be very cash and you know I love any excuse to shop. Yeah. And a new season is a really good excuse. Yeah. There's no better place. Upgrade your wardrobe with pieces made to last with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash dx for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dx to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dx.


We are supported by Columbia Sportswear. I love Columbia Sportswear. Trusted Brand. Trusted brand. I just got a black puffer that's so sleek and I got a a very Earth Tony fleece Ready for the cooler months. I'm ready for it. And I'm gonna be adorned in Columbia Sportswear from snowy trails to City Streets Columbia has you covered. Their Omni Heat Infinity jackets are the gold standard and warmth, pushing the boundaries of innovation. Inspired by space blanket technology. Omni heat Infinity uses an expanded pattern of metallic gold dots to reflect more body heat, delivering instant warmth without compromising breathability. With Columbia's omni heat infinity, you'll feel the difference as thermal reflective technology wraps you in warmth. Whether you're hiking mountains or conquering your daily grind, learn more@columbia.com.


We are supported by Macy's. You all know I didn't grow up going to fancy designer stores. I grew up going to the mall, wandering the aisles of department stores, looking for that next cool T-shirt or pair of shoes. And Macy's was always my favorite one. I have Such fond memories of Macy's in the mall. It's just endless opportunity when you walk in. Yeah, you can get anything. Ah, I love it. We all know Macy's for their huge selection of apparel, home goods, and more at affordable prices. But what I didn't know until now is that Macy's is committed to helping small businesses find their footing in the retail space. If you're a small business owner who's ready to take the next step towards growth, you can apply to workshop at Macy's, the retail industry's longest running accelerator. This program gives participants the chance to connect with industry experts and gain valuable tips, tools, and resources to help elevate their brands For more information and to apply for a spot in the workshop at Macy's class of 2025, head to the workshop at macy's dot com and whether or not you have a small business shop fall deals now at macy's dot com.


We are supported by ZipRecruiter all get Recruit now. I've worked in a variety of offices, improv stages, film sets, this lovely recording studio. While there are many different types of offices out there, one thing's for certain, choosing the right candidate for any office is a huge responsibility. Well, if you're hiring and wanna find the best candidates for your office, you need ZipRecruiter. And right now you can try ZipRecruiter for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash dax. It's an incredible hiring platform that makes finding top talent for your job quick and easy through their powerful matching technology. So you're not spending extra time or money in your search for a great hire. You can even invite top candidates for your job to apply to your posting to encourage them to apply sooner. Remember, if you wanna find the right candidates for your office, you need ZipRecruiter. See why four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Just go to this exclusive web address right now to try ZipRecruiter for free. ZipRecruiter dot com slash dax. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash dax. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire.


When you hopefully get on a way to a better spot, that is when you're able to be objective and say, oh my gosh, she's amazing at that. Oh my gosh, he's so good at that. And not to say you could never get better, but I'm never gonna be a great piano player. There's certain things that you're like, and that's okay When you're young, you want all the things. You're watching Glenn close in that thing and you're like, well I need to do that as well. I think there's a thing coming up and you watch everybody and you so admire it. But also you're like, I guess I have to be able to do all of it. Yeah. Right, right. Which is just not how it works. And, I. Think with the little age and experience, you're like, oh no, no, no. That's not my thing. Yeah, I can't do it. It's a magic trick that that person can do. It is comforting to know it does happen to Kristen. So one time we were at a party and we spent the whole night talking with Tina and Amy, and then the next day we went for a walk.


and she doesn't mind that I tell the story. And we were on a walk in the neighborhood and she's going, I'm just so not funny. don don't know why I am allowed to be in these movies. I'm not funny. And I said, well honey, are you as funny as Tina and Amy, two of the fine funniest people on planet Earth? No, you're not as funny as Tina and Amy. And then yet you can do all this other stuff. So Funny. It's so different. They do one thing. She's so funny. In another way, this business is full of comparison and it's actually so subjective. It's the one you actually should never be comparing. Gloria Steinem always says Linked, not ranked. Yeah. Which is like an incredible thing.


We're linked by what we do, but who wins what everything's apples to. You know, cantaloupe. It's not the same. We're not supposed to be ranking things like that. That's where it gets so weird. What I've been impressed with with both of you, we just played poker Ben, it was So fun. If I haven't said publicly, you invited me to Poker And. it was all the folks from more than 20 years ago. Yep. Did He use the dry ice Machine? We did bring him in with a fog machine. We did play a little, what did we play for you Stranglehold? Uncle Ted. Uncle Ted Nugent was playing a little stranglehold. Good. Everyone was very excited to see Him. I was catching up because whenever there's a surprise guest at poker, at Ben's poker game, they have to enter in a fog machine and have some kind of something.


God. Yeah. Just so there's a little bit of a acclaim I think coming out of Covid. I was like, you know what, people deserved a little applause. It's so good to see you. Let's give them a cool rockstar entrance. Let's eventize your existence. Exactly. And we played for like 20 bucks. There's no, it's more about just the joy of seeing people after a long time. Some people hadn't seen Dax probably for 20 years. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh it was So fun. And. it was so heartwarming. We're all still the same and we've all changed, which is interesting. But all that to say you guys have in a very, very admirable way. But I can't imagine it's completely without effort or struggle. Which is you guys have had the same friendship group. The whole ride. We weirdly met a bunch of people during Covid.


Oh you did? You guys got real social during Covid. Yeah. By the way, this scam, I'll explain it later. No, we were on a FaceTime call. We were like, let's at least see other faces. So we were like, let's have a cocktail on Friday night. It was With banks. Banks and Max And they were on. And then Liz midway through was like, I'm putting Adam Shankman on. And so he came on and we were just talking about random stuff and he's like, I'm gonna make a q and a. And he was just baking all through Covid and he's like, whoever wins. Well first I said we're gonna watch every Oscar movie ever. Because I was gonna do the thing where you're like, I'm gonna learn a language, I'm gonna play piano. So I was like, I'm gonna watch every Oscar winning movie that's ever won because what else am I doing? How long is this gonna last?


That's best picture. Best picture. That's picture only. So we started, and of course Adam, it was before you could go in somebody's house unless you were potted. And so he was like, I'll do like a q and a, I'll make a trivia night about the movie. Ooh wow. And then whoever wins, I will bring you some kind of delicious baked good and leave it outside your house. Oh. Oh my goodness. So It was amazing. And then Amy and Darren joined And. it became the same. It Just kept growing and growing. And, it was So fun and people were in different countries and we would still do it. Yeah. You guys weren't in Australia Eventually. We were. So You're doing like 8:00 AM coffee. We were doing Like coffee and having Plug a cocktail. I guess this'll big coffee. There was one time Steve Mallory was in it too. And he was in Australia with me doing this show. She was in London.


Adam was in Ireland. Some people were in la. Yeah. So it was like seven 30 in the morning Sunday Morning. It started with we're all on this Zoom call. And then Steve Mallory, who we all know, super funny guy. He joined, Helped, he wrote this thing with us. By The way, he's written the five movies. Yeah. Most in some capacities. And well he, And I wrote, wrote this part of the easy part of what we did is we basically wrote two full movies, But it was Lawrence of Arabia. And as we all popped up on Zoom, all of a sudden Steve is in full costume. There was an awkward pause one by one. People were like, yeah, we'll be right fucking back. And you got a bunch of like creative people pent up And. it was like you're making wigs out of toilet paper rolls and And then from then on it was full costumes.


Amy Adams was elaborate. Amy was the queen, right? For Pat. She was a human tank. German tank. and she could move And. it was coming out of her chest plate thing. Oh Yeah. It's Unbelievable. Things got Super elaborate. Sometimes I would spend like 30 hours that week just working on a costume. It just went away. 'cause we had nothing else to Do. It was like a Sunday company all over. Yeah, it was Get your costume ready. Did you watch All the movies? I did. Wow. That's impressive. Which one were you like I have a new appreciation for and which one were you like don? Don't know. I had not seen Wings. Which is the first, the First Oscar movie. It's unbelievable. There's a romance between these two soldiers, male Soldiers. Is there a kiss or just that moment? There's a moment I think. And Also the director was a fighter pilot.


So the footage in the planes is So when you see a plane go down, it's because they brought a plane down. It was the first visual effects too. Because these stunt pilots, these former Air Force guys that had been in, I guess World War I. Yeah, they would jump out of a plane that they put a smoke pack thing in. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then the one thing you would see is they just tried to erase on the actual film negative. You'd see like a yellow.as the person theoretically would've been parachuting hopefully to safety. Wow. But yeah, so talk about, you know, you're like a thrill, thrill rider. You're kind Guy likes to jump out a crash. Right. But yeah, you're like, I wonder how they did that. And it's like, oh they crashed planes. Wow. Yeah. Crazy. Ooh. I think my favorite one that either I hadn't appreciated or something, but now I could watch it every day is in the heat of the night.


Oh, incredible. Have you seen that one? Incredible. Sidney Poitier. Rod Steiger. I haven't seen it. I just know of it. Was that the first thing he won for Sidney Poitier did not win And. I was sort of keeping loose track. Again, not to rank But. that was one of my favorite performances I've ever seen. And he did not win. He won the year later for something else. Splendor guess who's coming to dinner or something? Yeah. And then ones that didn't hold up Patent She did not for you. and she got so mad at his eyebrows. The opening of patent Speech in front of the American flag. Is that what it's, Yes. So his face is massive. It looks like. No offense to anyone. 'cause makeup was great by then. There are artists doing it. It just looked like he took two tubes of toothpaste. Oh. And went right over the eyebrows and kind of brushed it in.


And I was like, it's a closeup. Okay. It's an extreme closeup. Made her very angry. Oh, It made me so mad. It's probably the hd of it all. Chris And I made the grave mistake of the showed Game of Thrones at imax one year in preparation of the new season. And we went and we were like, Ooh, the wall, the wall's plastic. The wall's like oh set Shit. Which you cannot tell on tv, but imax you're like, oh no, now this looks insane. You just like, they're about to styrofoam wall. I'm not scared of a wind walker climbing that plastic Thing. Zipper. They can't defend this. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But that guy's cell phone. His pocket. Yeah. That was not advisable.


Oh, okay. But back to what I was gonna say is has it been challenging at all to navigate? 'cause I've talked about this a lot on here. I have a real fair amount of survivor's guilt. I've met so many people that were so fucking good at all of this that didn't get to buy a house at the end of it all. And it's really heartbreaking. And in the past I think I've maybe just ran away from some of those people. That wasn't the easiest road for me to navigate. But you guys, you're still with everyone. Has that been hard at all? I think sometimes it can be a little tricky, particularly if you think that someone is trying something that is like a tricky path and you have a bunch of advice you would probably tell them.


But then you're like, who am I to give anybody advice? Yeah. And so I, I never do. So that is the tricky thing because I also always thought if I can make it to a point where I don't have to wait tables, if I can just do the thing that I'm meant to do, if it's a stage show or whatever, that to me would be enough. And then to get more than that, I was like, that's never the bargain I made with the deities. Yeah. Yeah. I guess I feel guilty or something. I thought If I could just get a SAG card and then I was was like, man, what if one day I can work enough to have sag insurance? Yeah. I was like, well just try to get your card. Don't go crazy and expect to get insurance out of this deal. And so sometimes I am just kind of a little bewildered that I get to go to work every day. And, I.


Love it. Yeah. Like I nerdly still love it. Every time we start a new project, as we're driving to work the first day we're like Oh my God. I still have that feeling where I'm like, I've got a badge. I get on the lot. And, I get to go put on Sometimes stupid every time we get on a lot, we always feel like it's a mistake every single time. I'm just like, they're gonna make us leave. Because I remember way back, I talk about how I struggled. So did Mr. Shepherd. We would take long walks and to our shame, we would complain a lot. As I recall, we might walk four or five miles. Sure, sure, sure. Remember at night and because we had nothing else to do, no kids or anything. So we would also be walking at like 10 30 at night and you and Tim Love said would stop at cafe fifties and get a giant coffee.


Oh. At like 10 o'clock. I know we to drink coffee right up till bed. Yeah. It wasn't helping us but we were just like trying to commiserate. Remember taking those monster to Say maybe some days something will get easier. Well a lot of people have heard my CPK story that listened to the show and people should know that Ben got me the job at Cal Huge. I'm part of the family. And you were like a beloved staff member. Oh no. And. I didn't make it. I didn't make the cut. I was a host for a while. Because you had to leave for an audition or something, right? No, remember Dan gave me my review and he gave me a seven out of 10 for punctuality. And I had been 15 minutes early to every shift. God, I Wait, don don't remember this. You don't. I sit down for my review and he gives me this.


So punctuality seven. That's great. Now appearance. And I go. Oh Dan, I've been 15 minutes early to every shift goes, you Were always Early because I wanted to eat that bread and back because your first job was to cut up all the bread on the machine and you could eat half a loaf before anyone knew what was going on. Dip it in barbecue and ranch. That was my meal. And I said, well Dan, I've been so early, how would I get a 10 an hour early? And he goes, well we just can't start you at a 10 because you gotta try to grow and get better. What And I was like, oh okay. And then he went on to a couple more. And then I just go, Dan, I think I'm gonna quit Oh my God. And he goes, I do not know this Story. You dunno this. So he goes, what?


And? I go. Yeah, that sounds wild. Like if I was early and you're trying to make me more, this feels very like weird and manipulative. I can't, I'm gonna quit. And then I left and then I got a voicemail on my recorder at home. And. it was Dan. And he said, listen Dax, I've thought over the punctuality and I'm willing to go to eight. I do remember He counted at eight, Not even fucking Nine or 10. Dan And, I love Dean. It's not his fault. Stan was a sweet manager. Guy Was muscular. Literally very Muscular guy. Very sweet. He fired me too. He fired you. Yeah. Do you know what a secret shopper is?


Yes. Okay. So you know what a secret shopper is. So Well let's just tell everyone corporate has some employees go visit the restaurant and you don't know you're waiting on one of these people and then they give you a review Feedback. Right. So I worked at the CPK in Brentwood. Can we do One second on the CPK in Brentwood? I think it's really relevant for the Listener. Oh yeah. It's a mid price restaurant, but it's in Brentwood where everything's really expensive. So people that come in are expecting a level of service that frankly CPK doesn't offer. So they were so mad you couldn't make reservations. Right. I was at the host stand, And I just heard complaint after complaint of how unacceptable it was. You can't make a reservation. And. I wanted to go. Yeah. 'cause a pizza's $9. And that's how it is here But anyways, I think that's relevant. It is.


People would come and they would come right before a movie at that cinema on Wilshire. don don't even know if it's still there. But. that was basically what people would come for. So right before the seven o'clock movie place would fill up. Everyone wants everything all at once. And, I just got secret shop before and I got like a 97 because they also wanted you to be so specific. Like when you give an appetizer, I wouldn't just say, Hey, can I get you an appetizer or something? Are you guys hungry yet? Would you like some delicious spinach art, choke dip, or perhaps some hummus. Sometimes they would want you to push liquor during the day. Oh like so at 1145 you're like, would you like an Long Island iced tea? Would you like tea Margarita Wild? Like no I would not. Wasn't Budweiser Chase Dan? That's real specific. Dan. So can I get you started with three shots?


We've got a nice patron am at 1145. I think you're gonna that with your half chopped salad. Let's rest. You wanna go hard this morning? So anyway, long story short, they split all the tables apart. So I'm like slammed. I'm in the weeds as they say. The last table was the secret choppers. Oof. I remember weird questions like what kind of shrimp are on the shrimp? Campy pizza. Oh. And I'm like, it's bay shrimp. It's really good. And I gotta go. Somebody wants iced tea or whatever. Which by the way, you've never spoken to anyone that currently? No. I was just very busy and so I was like, I'll be right back. Do you remember the score I got because now I can't remember. It was something like a 39. Oh out of a hundred. So what CPK would do is they would call, and this is back when you had an answering machine, right?


Same as Dax there. So tape Cassette And so, Hey Ben, it's Dan, I gotta talk to you over at the restaurant. Okay. And. I knew that that meant when they called you in. Yeah. They wanted to fire you in person. Yeah, because it was a restaurant started by lawyers. So I call 'em back And. I say Dan, what's going on? Are you gonna fire me? How long had you worked there? At that point I had worked at the one at Marina Delrey. I played softball with that Marina Delrey. Oh, you're on the team Because I wanna play softball. So I was really in the culture. I was embedded cpk. I've probably been there like four-ish years, maybe five And. I go, are you gonna fire me? And he goes, yeah, I got fire you Ben. I'm like, well then I don't wanna come in Dan.


I'm not gonna like walk in there so you can fire me in your office. Like did you in No. I was like, can you just mail me my check? That would be fine with me. I said, what happened? He goes, you got a 39 on the secret chopper. I was like, he some other manager had pulled all the tables to apart. He goes, yeah, I know. Oh you got a 39 unfair 39. We can't come back from a 39. No, no can back. And I'm still mad about it. I love four years of good service. And because you didn't offer a 9:00 AM Long Island ice as someone And you didn't Talk in detail. I didn't detail about, didn't detail about the shrimp. On the shrimp scampy pizza. That's what I remember they ordered. It also Seems like those secret shoppers were trying to be like the best secret shoppers And maybe they didn't know you're gonna take this young man's job away.


Dan is gonna leave him alone. That's so Honorous. The whole thing boils into some very subjective person's day. They're having Yes. When they sit down. Yeah. Could they find parking there? Probably not. That place was a zoo. Yeah, it was tough. What all happened before they sat down in there, started asking about the shrimp at CPK. What are your expectations? I know. Yeah, it's golf shrimp. It came in this morning. And I unloaded the pallet. Yeah, just pulled it outta ice From a, he was wearing a beautiful outfit that he's dressed like a longshoreman. His name is Dale, the captain. And the longshoreman came. I spoke to them for a while, but not too long because they had a busy day. As do I, long Island. Nice tape. They're individual bags of shrimp Right now.


I bring back what we started talking about before you sat down, which is the notion of retirement. Would you be any good at it? Your hunch, Ben, was that it won't be easy Don Don't think it'll take for me because I do have to kind of write every day. I'll write whether it's gonna get made into something or not. Yes. So I guess I could be retired. It's just a question of any, if anyone's buying, buying what I'm selling or not. Would You just return to pros though? Maybe. Maybe. What do you like writing better? I Declared, I'm done writing scripts like seven years ago. It's too bad. I had a couple scripts I owed and I'm like, I'm just done with this. I can't stand it anymore. And then I started writing for fun again and then I just started writing prose and now I'm kind of writing a memoir, but I'll just write for fun. And, I'm like, oh I remember this writing.


'cause you like constructing sentences is fun. The math of it, the puzzle of it. It's satisfying. Yeah. I don't think I'd ever stop writing But. anyways, all that to say. I said I think I'll do fine with it. 'cause we had nine years of practice. You And I have been retired of Being unemployed. We were retired in our twenties. Yes. So it's like you go to the promenade and watch a film The cheap showing at AMC seven you knew where to go get a cheap slice of pizza bike rides on the strand. Sure. I know how to fill up a day. I think I learned that. And some people don't ever learn that. Well now that you've got access to all those cars that you always were so hot and heavy. For sure that'll do it. I don't like 'em all as much as I thought I was gonna what?


I mean I really like 'em, but I don't find that I'm driving around in them a ton. Do you like to still take 'em apart and put 'em Together? I like to buy 'em. I like to look at 'em and have a big fantasy about them. And? I like to put 'em in my garage. And. I them garage. And I garage For that. And then worry about what needs fixing. And sometimes dream that the whole garage catches on fire. And, it all goes away. What? So this is no longer, but I still love it. Okay, so you love it. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just not sure how much of my day it's gonna take up. You never drive your old blood. There you go. I know you've Got my Ranch arrow. Yeah, it's Got a Ranch arrow. And you pulled a fast one, right? Yeah. That was a very sweet move. It was Dan Aykroyd's car in Tammy And. I brought it back from North Carolina.


For your, was that for your 40th? 40th. I like driving it. I mean, not me driving it, but I like driving it with you. Yeah. Oh, we stumbled upon a real source Subject. No, no. Now I'm wondering because it's up at the beach and I'm just wondering if I know how to start it. I where you went in your mind. I'm the opposite. Like you're good with all that stuff. If you pull out this car automatically just people appear. They've got tank tops on and maybe a tattoo on there. Like well what do you got under the hood there? And I'm like, I have no idea sir. I. don dunno this. My Wife quilted the leather. But dude, look at the interior. It's really neat. Well, What was both of your cars like? His was cars. What were yours?


If I had this level of success or money, I want this. I like housey stuff. Anything to do with design. I'm constantly working on building a nest. Yeah, me too. I just love it. Even when I was a kid to my parents, I'd be like, you know, we knocked this wall out. It would open door. She would take this place to, I love the whole construction process. You love a remodel. I hate, I love a remodel. He hates It. Never ever has anyone said, oh we can do this. It's easier than we thought. It's cheaper than we thought. Yeah, it's gonna be a little faster than we thought it used to be. Double the price. Now it's like, let's just triple it. For us it was like, let's Four times. Yeah, let's for it. Let's three x the timeline. Has that changed? 'cause you started early, you have always been a house flipper.


That first yellow one. Yeah. You did a real number on and made it super cute. And that one, I think what got me is that was my first house. I loved that house in Los Phillis. And then everything was easy. It was so filthy. It was built in 1912. It was so pretty. But it was just like dirty plates on the floor. Garbage everywhere. Open food. One of the open houses, we were standing in a bedroom. And. I was like Oh my God because I couldn't even fathom can I really get this place? And we were in there for maybe 20 minutes just talking. I was there with a friend. There was mattresses all over the floor. And then 20 minutes in, someone rolled over in bed and they had been in there sleeping?


No, The whole time. Oh wow. Oh no. So this was like a dead, some of the doorways there was like plywood over it and painted. But the more I was in there, because I was so in love with this house, And, I was like, it's just dirty. I can clean. None of the moldings are changed. They just weirdly put plywood over it. So I started going to all the open houses, every single one. And the realtor was like, you can't do this. And I was like, it's an open house. Yeah. And there's people sometimes they would walk in three, four feet and just turn around and leave 'cause it was so dirty. Yeah. That's your sweet spot. And then if they did come in, that's where I would just, oh, I'm on the tour too. And I'm like, you can't clean this kind of filthy. Yeah. I said a lot of things like this is in the walls.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. This is in The walls. This house has bad bones. Yeah. And everything went super easy. And. it really was like, oh yeah, we just kicked down the plywood And. it was beautiful underneath it. She's always thought every other one Would be that Easy. That first high. Oh and some of the other ones, there was stuff in the walls. Oh, Just absolute Swiss cheese. The whole, they're Like, oh, it's gotta come down. It Was, I remember Including The studs one time hearing, like we knew about the asbestos, but the black mold, we didn't know about And. I was like, Have You ever just immediately sold, like bought it? And actually we can, we Did do that one time because we got into it too much. And I was like, oh, And. then we were about to travel And I was like, honey, can we just say that this one was a, And we did.


We just sold it right away. And I was so shocked. I was like, we just swapped out. We were like, we bought it And. then we sold it and we're like, get out, get out, get out, get out. Go, go, Go, go, go, go, go. Yeah. The place you're in now, do you think you'll stay? Or is Mama itchy? I think even the girls, our girls are like, you won't sell this. Right? Yeah. Right, right, right. I mean I think we'll stay right. We, I think we'll stay there. It's possible. We, we Might. I don't believe her at all. I don't. I Think So. I don't know. That really feels like our home. So How old are Lincoln and Delta now? Nine and 11. Nine 11. Okay. So ours are 17 and 14. Viv is gonna be a college somewhere next year. Oh my God. I know. Which is so crazy. Yeah. But obviously there's some stuff we do here work.


But we've lived in LA for a long time too. So even LA is a little bit up for grabs. And that freaks the girls out. Yeah. Even if they don't think they, they wanna, they just want us to be where we are. They want you to stay unchanged. Yes. I don't care what it is I'm doing, but I want you two to be right here. Yes. So I can come Home. Yes. Yeah. I care away. Monica's the worst offender of that. Monica. So bad. Really? Yeah. I was just home this past weekend and my brother took a long time to leave the house. And. it is the first time that I was back that he's permanently out And I was like, well this is unacceptable Actually. Oh well you wanted Neil to be there. So you wanted your brother to be there. Yeah. And I've also been, I'm like, you gotta get out of here. I've been saying that for years. And now he's gone and it's like my life is ruined.


And how often do you go home? Like a couple Times a Year. Perfect. So you want him just to stay there? Yeah. He Gotta say for that Thursday through Sunday. That's Right. Three Day trip. Yeah. It was weird. It's weird when your foundation is changing. I don't like that. When he wrote, was it the party? The party. Hi. I just fell asleep. Want me To, I was like how Life of the party When Ben came down in the morning was like, oh, I have this idea for something. I took it very literally. I was like, that is such an amazing idea to go to school. 'cause I didn't finish college. And. I was like, Oh my God. When Viv goes to school, I should go to college with her. And he's like, this is a cautionary tale.


And Viv was like, no, wait, wait, wait, wait. What are we talking about And? I was like, I can finish college when you go to college. And he just kept saying no. The comedy of it is, that's a terrible idea. And I literally was like, I don't see, see what's, I think it's a great idea. And it all kind of like Finish college like thesis. She's like, I just think it's lovely and heartwarming. I'm like, it's supposed to be just funny. Okay. I do wanna, you already said you love it. And I do too. And. I Wonder. Obviously you guys started writing and performing together so it makes a lot more sense for both of you. But do you think also this is the thing I like about working together is it's just a lot of compromise. You want to eat somewhere and you wanna eat somewhere different. You wanna watch something, you maybe wanna watch something when you work together.


I think it's this unique time where you have the same goal, which is really kinda hard to have as a couple. The exact same goal It is because also I always call it like the red and yellow. Like if you want yellow, I want blue. And then we're like, Ooh. But purple that it's a constant improvement. It starts. Okay. And then instead of like a fight or a battle, there's some kind of fun puzzle working that I find so satisfying and So fun. But it's never about like it's my way or his way. It's like how to take the good thing outta your idea. And the good thing for my idea, this New creation's better than either one of us could have done. And there's also a certain thing where people say, oh, what's it like working with your wife?


And it's every day in certain ways because part of what we do is for fun. It's how we communicate. We're writing another movie that we wanna film soon. And on the way over here, we'd just gotten into all this madness and she's the ringleader of all that. And I'm like, honey, it was more things than possible On the drive. Ben goes, I just wonder if the hats won too many. And she's like, we're A hundred too many. She's, She's like, that's the whole point. But then she pitched a really quick bit for the movie that was so funny that I'm like, yeah, we absolutely should put that in the movie. I read and thing in the LA Times a long time ago about these two physicists that worked together. 'cause for some reason I was reading the obituaries.


Oh wow. So it was about, that's kinky. It was about these two physicists and one of them passed away and they called themselves the mosquito and the battleship. The reason they worked so well together is because one of them had 40,000 different mathematical ideas about science and things that I don't understand. And the other one was like, yes, but this is also the solution we're trying to get to. So I always think of Melissa and myself that way where she's got 5,000 good ideas. I got one bad one, but I'm gonna stick to it. We're gonna land the plane. I think it's kind of a good match that way. Yes. Stick to itness. And also I say stupid half thoughts that will not become a movie. What I said in the car, hungry Eyes came on. Eric Carmen Really quick hit me.


I wanna Hungry Eyes. Oh yeah, I know the words, But all I say is I was like the thing we're writing now, what if every time Andrew Friedman starts to eat chicken wings, that song comes on And. it happens repeatedly through the movie And. it slightly goes to slow motion. Oh, I think it's up here on the left. And then that's all I've got. He makes a full movie out of my random Scatological thoughts. But I mean, how much fun to have somebody that's just pitching bits? I have a question for you. Why did we stop writing scripts? You're very good at it. Was it the notes process? Was it the structure process that started to bum you out? Structure sucks. I hate structure always. And some frustration that you relearn your structure notes every single time you write something.


It's just maddening that you don't start there A million times. I've thought to myself, you've gotten all of these notes before they were correct before a scene where two people are just talking about nothing. You've been in the cutting room before and then sure enough, sure as shit you look, you're like, so page 30 to 39 is frog shit. Nothing. Yeah, it's that notes is rough. It's always feeling like you have homework due everywhere you're at. I would notice Chris And I are on vacation and she's on vacation. But I'm like, I have two things due. At some point I was like, okay, it's been 15 years of having homework. And I just don't want it again. Great. Yeah.


Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Shutterfly. Reconnecting with the people in your life is so important and sending a holiday cart is a meaningful way to do that. But it can be hard to know where to start. Shutterfly makes it so easy to share a custom card that's perfectly you. They've got a style for everyone from classic seasonal designs to hand-drawn holiday cheer. Customize your card by adjusting the color to compliment colors from your photo. You can add more photos and text to the back of your card for free and even upload your own design and take advantage of Shutterfly's high quality printing and simple mailing services. Shutterfly is So fun to use and you just blast them out. I receive them all the time. Me too. My mother-in-Law's a big Shutterfly person and they're So fun. I Love getting holiday personalized cards. Me too. Find the perfect holiday card for you@shutterfly.com and start customizing today. Enjoy 40% off your Shutterfly order with promo code DAX 40 and send something meaningful this year. Get free shipping on qualified orders. See site for more details.


We are supported by Addie I. know about Addie the little pink pill, right? Yes, that's right. Addie is the FDA approved pink pill. Clinically proven to boost desire in certain premenopausal women who are bothered by a low libido. I love this. It's really nice that there's an option out there for women who are dealing with low desire, And. I like that. Addie's, non-hormonal and created by a woman for women. Addie is helping women feel like themselves again. And that's really important. It really is. So arm cherries, if your libido could use a little jumpstart, Addie's got you covered. Learn More@addie.com. That's ad y i.com. Addie or Phin is for premenopausal. Women with acquired generalized hypoactive sexual desire disorder, HSDD, who have not had problems with low sexual desire in the past, who have low sexual desire. No matter the type of sexual activity, the situation or the sexual partner, the low sexual desire is troubling to them and is not due to a medical or mental health problem. Problems in the relationship or medicine or other drug use. ADDIE is not for use in men or to enhance sexual performance. Your risk of severe low blood pressure and fainting is increased. If you drink one to two standard alcoholic drinks close in time to your ADDIE dose, wait at least two hours after drinking, before taking ADDIE at bedtime. Your risk of severe low blood pressure and painting is also increased if you take certain prescriptions over the counter or herbal medications or have liver problems. Low blood pressure and painting can happen when you take addie. Even if you don't drink alcohol or take other medicines. Do not take if you are allergic to any of the ingredients in addie. Allergic reactions may include hives, itching, or trouble breathing. Sleepiness, sometimes serious can occur. Common side effects include dizziness, nausea, tiredness, difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep. And dry mouth. See full PI and medication guide, including boxed warning@addie.com slash pi. Or call 8 4 4 Pink Pill Addie. That's a DY i.com.


We are supported by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. We of course have a gorgeous website that we designed and by we I mean Rob that's right on Squarespace using their great templates. And. it looks so beautiful. And. it functions. It's so Official. Yeah. So whether you're just starting out or managing a growing brand, Squarespace makes it easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience and sell anything from products to content to time all in one place, all on your terms. If it's your first time creating a website, no worries. Squarespace Blueprint is a new guided system that helps you build a unique online presence from the ground up. Your site will be perfectly tailored to your needs. And with the help of engaging email marketing tools, you can share your brand story with your community and even grow your audience and reach through targeted email campaigns. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash stack to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash stacks to get started today.


Okay. Of the five features you guys have made together, Tammy, the boss, life of the party, super intelligent Thunder Force is one. And let me just say, we always think about when I get to show our girls hit and run. 'cause it was our kind of baby that movie. It was a million dollars and impossible to make. And that movie means so much in so many weird ways. Do you guys have a favorite of these five that are so special to you? I love them all. Tammy, for the same reason. I just remember pulling onto the set and we were like, look at all these people. Couldn't believe we got to write a movie. Couldn't believe. Then Ben was directing it like it was a bit of a fe. Didn't know what I was doing very much. You know, because you're learning any first time director prepared as much as you can.


And we had wonderful producers helping us. Yeah, giving us great advice. But, that feeling of just learning on the fly, knowing that I need to get coverage. Ah, you Know? Right. What does that mean? Also, you were always saying like, I don't know. I'm aware I have to do something. Someone's smarter. Explain how to do that. So I was smart enough to know what I didn't know. I love Tammy for that. I have this weird thing 'cause I go through a post. You watch your movie a hundred million times, as you know. So don don't watch a movie until at least five years after we've released it. I haven't seen Thunder Fall. We're getting close. Well, no. 'cause it came out I guess in 21, but we shot it in 2019. I just recently saw Life of the Party.


What I like about that, especially today, is it is just a movie that's supposed to be funny. She's really funny throughout the whole fricking movie. The women are great in it. And, it was maybe the most fun just to film because everybody's like, you sure you want to get a bunch of women in their twenties? Probably gonna be bitches. You know? Literally Everybody. Oh boy, that's gonna, I'm like, that was the most joy Battle. What? The people aren't gonna leave the room and they're gonna wanna wear prettier shit or whatever. Oh Jesus. That's the same person that's like, who? Tickle, tickle, tickle. But I love that movie for shooting it. All of them are different vibes. But, that movie is just not trying too hard. It's just trying to tell this little story.


And it's like, we're gonna put her in a lot of funny situations. Hopefully they're gonna work. I saw it recently. And I enjoyed it. Now how do you get the idea to do Hildy? the Barback and the Lake of Fire? Are you guys Game of Thrones people? Did you love Game of Thrones? I did. I Did. Then it got too rough for you Ben Johns. Here's what happened to me. Are you a big one Too? Big Game of Thrones. Okay. Yeah. So I was huge into it. I loved it. It was on Sunday nights, right? Yeah, it was back before streaming was really? So you kind of had to tune into HBO. Yeah. Had to watch it. Yeah. So I'm super into the show especially 'cause I got in after that sort of more awkward first season where I was like, we're the sexy show, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But then there was the part where Pedro Pascal gets on the show.


Yes. And he's amazing. And then he does all this stuff and he's been so honorable and he starts walking around the guy and doing this monologue and I'm like, oh my gosh, I know what's gonna happen. And then it was just this crazy awful visual. I'm no good with horror stuff. Oh. So when he gets his eyes squished out, that's crush Head. His head crushes his head and squish his eyeballs. Shoot out of his head. Yeah, sure. And I was horrified, but also I felt manipulated. Oh, so that was, that was betray kind. I felt betrayed. It rattled you. Now you're not being truthful to the character. I thought that they went for Gore instead of truth. Does that make sense? Yeah. But it thought the show was incredible. And also if I just weren't so scared of everything, I probably would've kept watching. And then you stopped after that.


I Did. Are you guys gonna see the substance? I've heard the substance is really good. Yeah, I've heard it's really good. And it's apparently Barry gory. Oh, he Will not be seeing it. So then That's I don Dunno know what the substance is. It's A new Demi Moore movie vehicle. Oh yes. Oh, I heard it's very good. Yes. And. it apparently has tons of pop outs. Oh, okay. What's a pop out? A pop out is, you know, Scare whatever. Oh, jump Scare. Okay. That's a new one. Good Jump scare. It's no jump Scare is But that says Pop Out. Oh, okay. So it's like a plastic surgery type thing. Like she's trying to get youthful. And I. Don't know all the deets, but apparently someone had a heart attack.


Anesthesia In the cheese train Watching it Oh my God. Oh, That's Terrible. Isn't that funny? That makes you wanna run out and see it. Not Me. I was like, I can't see it. I got scared. Oh, because the seizures scared. Is there a lot of, is there a lot of strobe light in the film? No. I. think they Just got so scared. Oh my God I know Den. They'll do commercials about it. Remember all the commercials that would be like, people were so scared they passed out. Remember that used to be a whole Thing under no circumstance. See this film on March 19th? Yeah. 3:00 PM 3 30, 3 35. I think I could watch all of that stuff before kids. And now I start to have weird dreams where my kids are now part of it. And I was like, Ooh.


So I can watch a lot more than Ben Ken. The whole family can. So I'm the one who's like, what's going on in there? What are we still watching it? It's fine if you are. Are you knitting when this happens? Everybody A head ear plugs. I'm a huge Tolkien person. That was where all this barback business. So Steve Mallory pitched it to me 'cause he knew how much I was into it and he was like women in the movies, which they are, I think really good movies. They don't do a lot. You've got Galadriel who is super powerful and doesn't take the ring, but then, and then gives everyone a powerful gift. Oh, The action of it is never Steve Mall. Yeah. Usually not what's her name? The one who stabs the witch king of Agma in the face. This is all Lord of the Rings.


This is all Lord. So it's more, I grew up reading that You've had a lot of sketches over the years that I've seen that have this leaning D and d nerd guy stuff. Yes, for sure. Old speak a little bit. Yeah. Okay. So Malory said, what if He said, what if we do something that is just a straight up comedy. We get the funny women we know to be the heroes when the men fuck everything up. Inevitably And I was like, well that feels like a story for today. Timely. You know? So It's taken a while. 'cause as you said, it's not an easy one. We weren't like, oh, we're just gonna pick up things and do, I mean, I know you do tons of research, but I think a lot of people just sort of come on and don't do much. We were like, oh, we're gonna do the opposite.


if they Built a world, there's a map. Yeah. That They started with the map. And I was like, okay, this sounds kind of amazing. Yeah. And there's eight. How long are the episode? 30 minutes ish? Yeah, we're Working on second season. The second Season season. Set the scene for us. of course, McCarthy's playing Hildy. And you're a barback. I'm a Barback. And I do all of the work. It was our father's tavern. That of course has been given to my brother Ek, who Steve Mallory plays, even though he's a complete IMB insult. But they're like, well, women can't own property. Yeah. So I do all the work and I'm not allowed to own it. And he strolls in and offers everyone free drinks every now and then, fucks everything Trying to be cool. So what happens is, in the first, as in all of these stories, there's some sort of inciting incident, which is that we learned that a bunch of the bad people, What are they called?


They're called Morlis. And they're coming across the countryside and they're coming straight for the village. Hilde tries to convince them to use magic different things to figure out a way to like what do they want? Where are they going? Maybe we could escape. And the guys of the village are like, sometimes you gotta put some armor on and kick some ass. And they go straight at the things and a dragon incinerates them all immediately. So it ends up that hildy and a ragtag group of friends have to defeat this sort of incursion and then also figure out what the hell is going on. Who plays the potions person? Melle is played by a really great actor named Anna. Scotty. She lives in New Zealand. Oh, She's a Kiwi? Yeah. Amazing. Oh, I thought it was the Aussie.


They're gonna be so mad. But she's incredible. Isn't She great? She's incredible. She's such a great actor. Was she already a friend? She Worked with us on God's favorite idiot when we were in Australia. She came over from New Zealand. I saw her in, I'm speaking on the name of it, but one of TCA's movies, And I was like, who is it? Like when you just see someone and you're like, who is this human? Yeah. Yeah. Like she's so Good. She can do anything. Was it Hunt for the Wilder people? No, no, No. It was one where she played like a super tough Yeah. Gal Oh. my God. We'll find it in a, I can see it, but I can't think of the name Of it. My actor like that right now is Walton Goggins. What can this guy not do? Did you guys watch Fallout by chance? I loved it. You saw it? I loved Fallout Too much for Ben. Is it scary? No. I think you could watch it Week.


I think you can watch it. She gently held my hand and goes, I think you could watch it, honey. You gonna watch everything first like a child. And then And I Just noticed. And kids, he gets upset. It's lovely. Im a fragile Flower. Really, Really sweet, bad. I just, I just can't I That There's too many bad things in the world. Okay, so you wrote it all. How long does it take to record it? Who's producing it? It turned out so good because this is not a realm you were ever in. We're learning kind of as we go. So we recorded it at our office. Steve Mallory taught himself how to use a program of a thing so that we could record it in a way That's very, he's very competent. Right? He's very technically competent. And he sort of loves that wormhole stuff where I'm like, I'm tired.


And. I scared. And then Damon Jones, who you know Yes. Also at poker. Yep. He's been writing all the songs as well. Yeah, There's an original song in each. Oh my. Each one has an original song. I know Where it's, so the first One it said, why would You Ever Fuck With a Dragon is the song. There's funny, crazy songs. He's written And. then we just sort of said, well hey Damon, what would happen if you started editing them? So he edited one. Candace Brown, edited one. Oh really? Yeah. Mallory edited the first one. The whole team. Yeah. Yeah. It's been amazing just to bring the family together and see who can do what and pitch in. I would imagine At first glance you're like, oh, this is a great world in which we could try an idea. We wouldn't try to pitch to a studio.


We can execute something and then come to find out it's as much work. That's my guess. Yeah. This would be such an expensive movie to make. Who knows what anybody wants at any time. But it's just hard to sell a really expensive comedy with giant high concepts. So we're like, you know what? What if we do it in such a way that's easier And. then we found out. Yeah, it's a lot to make. To do it poorly would've been pretty easy. You need a lot of Foley, you need a lot of like stuff Going all of that to like a week. We have to figure out what kind of hooves do we want to hear. Right. We are used to studios being behind us and having access to fact checks, legal things. And then you're like, oh, who's doing? Oh, that's what me, that's Us too. Okay, cool.


All The creative and that stuff. But then people would comment like, Mike Hitchcock comes in and it's just so stupid. Yeah. And then you're like, Oh, my God. We've known this person forever. They're that funny. It's just nonsense. And then one after the next, it would be So fun doing the sessions that even with all the work so far, I think anybody who's been killed in the first season that y'all come back second season as their twin. It's great. We really love nice performance. You're like, all right, we're gonna come back as your own twins. But they're too good. So I'm like, well, Hitchcock has to come back. No, Hitchcock stays alive. So he can just be himself. He's a wannabe wizard. How fun guys. Yeah, I think everyone's in an interesting phase.


I guess here's my question. I've got to ask it to a few people. Do you lament what's happening at comedy? Or do you go Oh. my God. Thank God that we got to do it in a version that we grew up watching. Like you guys got to go make good budget comedies. Yeah. For a long time. And are you just in the lamenting phase or are you in the like Oh. my God. We got in before. It was almost impossible. I think it has to come back. I think the world needs it. I can't do anything in court. And. I can't clean up the air. I can't fix climate. I just know how to do stupid things to maybe make people forget that the air needs to be cleaned up. And. I. Just think the narrative is being sold that they don't work.


And yet I'm stopped 15 times a day where people are like, I need to come home from my difficult job. And. I need to watch you make an ass of yourself. I'm like, Yeah, break your nose. You got, that's all I can do. Yeah. And. I really think things are cyclical. I think people need them. People want 'em. And like anything you can start to make a narrative of what is it doesn't mean it's true. I think we'll circle back. I would say like grateful but greedy. We'll do stuff like we're doing this thing. Who knows what it could be. Someday somebody may go like, now that we know that it works, we can do a version of that some way or other. And meanwhile we're working on other stuff where she's pitching me jokes in the car. I dare to say, I think we'll do some more stuff. And now will the budgets be what they were?


Probably not for a while until the next one works. I really wanna be part of getting people back in theaters. Not to be like, oh, it's in service of, but there's a weird thing that happens with, you sit with a bunch of strangers and you have a collective experience. Especially Laughing together. Laughing together. Absolutely. Link for someone. Getting this together is really popular. That's easy to do. But laughing together or rooting for somebody together, I think did more for us as humans than we give credit to. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. And, I, we trained people to stop doing it. It went pretty quickly, but it was strategically done. And. I. Remember being like, why are you training people to stop needing You're wares. Yeah. And I. Think you can get it back. There Have been a couple jokes that I remember that we did like in Tammy, she's a conservative woman to me.


Like I was there writing the character, but I still fully want to hang out with Tammy. Yeah, yeah. And, I, And, I. Think that whole thing. Our culture, our country, you know, especially people online and the internet. They're so against each other and angry with each other all the time. And, I. Think there's something about having Tammy say a joke like, oh man, gas prices are so high. Thanks Obamacare. So the audience, I remember being at so many screens. It was the weirdest laugh. They would, there would be this big laugh and then there would be a really big second laugh. And then still at the end people are like, should I be offended? Who's she making fun of? Half the audience laugh because they're like, fucking Obama. And then the other half was like, Oh my God. She's an idiot. That's not Obama ca. It was the weirdest split laugh. Yeah. And every time it was consistent And. it was like, okay, that worked.


Yeah, that's right. Two weird ways to different people. We're Sort of defending everybody. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All at once. But in a very loving prodding way, critics or whoever can think our movies can be a little too heartwarming or a little too physical. But we're actually trying to not get people to sit back on their couch and go, that was clever with a little rye grin. We're trying to get people to laugh hard. We test them to try to make sure they really do it. And sometimes to do it, you gotta fall down some fucking stairs. Sure. Yeah. Literally send her down. Literally what's great about this one, she's like, I should fall down some more stairs. Do you have any chronic injuries? Oh yeah. You've been hard on Yourself. Stunt women would be like, you should not be doing it. And I'm like, I love it. I really did love it. And they're like, yeah, but the thing is you're gonna get around 50 and you're gonna be an old beat up stunt woman.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And that's exactly what happened. Like my hips are crazy. Well, if You started hanging out with NFL retirees, because you Guys are really, This meniscus is still ripped out of the root. It's been like seven years. Yeah. I've just got weird things where I'm like, oh, this is what they meant. Right. But then still, if we go to do something again, I'll be like, no, I'm gonna, I have gotten better. But now with anything up on wires I love, it's literally, oh you my happiest place on the planet. So Thunder force she loves Because there's like Here Spinning and turning and flipping. Oh you love it. I love it. I love it. I don't like the harness. I don't mind being up. But it hurts to be in The harness hurts. You did have it so tight. It It's killing your penis. And it Penis quite a bit.


No, the trick is if it's so tight that you can't stand it when you're on the ground, then when you go up It's nice. Did you hear the part he said about the penis? The penis test. It's just a little different for the fellas. It's in the wrong place And then you're constantly on set your I am at least pulling out all the, Pulling your stuff. Constantly freeing testicle from one of the straps. Yeah. And you're in spandex. Sorry. Please don't. And everybody's job is to look at you really closely. That's Literally my job is to look at DAXs midsection. How much of his dick and bold visible in this nude colored spandex. Short Oh. my God. I'm blown away that the appetite is still thriving To make stuff. Yeah. I Love it.


Especially when it just comes up. Literally we're like cooking or something and then just a song comes on. Or like a stupid bit. A lot of times in the car we start to build the stupid world. The thing we're working on, I got so excited 'cause I'm like Oh, my God I know she wears wranglers. Right. That was all I needed to be like Oh my God. Yeah. Someone asked you in an interview I watched this morning that was like, how do you get into this or that character? And you're like, we is step one. The Wig does all My work. Now you're in your real hair. Right? This is my real hair. Right? I haven't, this is my real hair. I haven't completely miscontrued. No. I've been bald for 17 years. Oh my God. What a reveal that would be. So I've known you. Oh. Or you have a little mohawk or something. Just A little, Little treat under there.


A little. We just call it patchy. God, I love a wig. So going forward we're gonna keep pushing for movies live experience. Yes we Are. Yeah. There's so much dark, it's like anything that leans towards something joyful and funny. And also you gotta fuck stuff up. You gotta make fun of people in a certain way because at some point you are gonna be the one made fun of. And you have to be able to be like, yeah, I am like that. I'm an ass. But everybody's kind of getting made fun of. Everybody's trying to pick teams so much. It's so boring. It's so boring. And. it gets us nowhere. So, well I adore you guys, right? That I'm really glad that we've all stayed in touch. I know I had so much fun at poker the other night. You're On the list as you know. I put him on the email list. You wanted it to be official.


And I was sadly outta town last week, but it got canceled. It got canceled. Yeah. I was so happy to find out. Yeah. I'm sad for you guys. I'm happy for me. I didn't miss it. We'll do it again shortly. But he can only be the surprise guest once so there won't be a fog machine. That's fine. I was nervous about the end. It had been a long time since I had performed. He was great. There were a lot of fist pumps. Yeah, It went in doubt. He came in, get physical. There's a lot of pieces to it. 'cause you're trying to keep somebody in that sort of back room. And so he has to also do, I have to operate the smoke He had to operate because I don't have like a, you know don don't, There's no way for you to cue me. Really. Please start playing the music loud enough that I think he can hear it. And I'm like, it's time. And he's like, let's do You know what I love?


You've continued to be at the Groundling your whole life. I know. It's so impressive And so awesome. Love I know I'm love it. I'm very jealous of it. It's so great. I guess that's just my last question. I say this all the time, it's been So fun, the ride. But it didn't ever get better for me than the Sunday company. If I'm measuring something magic, fun and like the right reasons and no expectations And that crazy schedule that you couldn't get comfy. No. And then you get used to that. And also you make so many mistakes that probably the healthiest thing I've ever done is I bombed enough so quickly that I was like, ah, And I just stopped caring. And I. You're like, you're gonna fall on your face repeatedly and often and that's what Sunday company. And then to watch everybody else just be like, yeah, who cares?


Yeah, of course you're gonna bomb. Well actually I would say that my funnest memories are the bombs. All bombs. Yes. Even if it's so skeevy at that moment, but later You walk off stage in the dark and then you get in the green room and you turn and you look at each other to acknowledge how bad it's that exact moment for me is the funnest feeling of my whole existence. Yeah. Just a real dunk of shit. And you go, oh, They didn't laugh. What? That was terrible. And there's different kinds. It's like sometimes they just weren't getting it and then other times you were like, I was palpably hated. Not only do they not like what I'm selling, they're angry at me and they strongly discuss they didn't Like the product and they did not like the delivery device Even more if they didn't like the product.


Oh, it's So fun. Alright, well I adore you guys. I hope everyone listens to Hildy the Barback and the Lake of Fire. I listen to it. It's so well done. I can't believe that's your first foray into this. It's really, really well executed. Thank you. Thanks guys. Yeah, thanks for coming. Thanks for putting on costumes with us. Yeah, Thanks for event izing. I'm gonna go to Trader Joe's now I wanna go shopping. Amazing. The last thing they said to her, they're like, you don't have to go to the bathroom, do you? How does that Happen? You're gonna have to cut the back. Oh yeah. I'm just gonna claw my way outta it. Paul Colgan style. Alright, let you guys love you Guys. Stay tuned for the fact check so you can hear all the facts that were wrong.


We're in the dog Days of warmth. I just looked at the calendar ahead next Tuesday. It stops. Really? Or it begins however you wanna look at it. Fall will be here. Oh, it'll be in the sixties. Phew. Oh good. Phew. Yeah, I'm ready. You like Your heat though, but you're walk, you're on foot. Is that why you're not liking it? I like sweaters. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Love sweaters and yeah, I've been hot lately for my Ws. Yeah. 'cause your car is being fixed. It's fixed. It's fixed. It arrived today. You saw it? I just saw it. How's it Look? Great. It does. It looks great.


You're not gonna believe it. Okay, let's tell people this story. Let's just say that you had a little incident with a pole. I did. Passenger rear door And. it was pretty demolished And you took it, it didn't look good for an estimate somewhere to get fixed. And what was the estimate? $10,000. $10,000. Right. And so I said, Hey I got a great guy like in the valley, Louis, who I found through Tyler, who's fixed my shit all the time. 'cause he's fixed the back of the, I have ruined the tailgate of my pickup truck three full times with the trailer where the fuel tank on back crushed the, I've always found him so affordable.


So I asked him, I put you on a chain. I said, can you help my friend Monica? Yeah. Alright. So original estimate was $10,000. And what was his estimate? $650. It's like you either time traveled to get it done or you took it to some other country. I was shocked when I got that number. And then I thought, well there's no way. Probably once he gets in there, he is gonna be like, this is more than 650. But even still it, I was like, even if it's double that it's so much, much. If it's Quadruple that it's still less than half of what the other Exactly. Even I, when I heard that sml, I was like, I mean, did he look at it also?


There's no way he's gonna be able to fix it for that price. And you're saying it looks great. It looks Great. Fuck. What a delight. And. it was six 50. Some people are still honest. I know. I know. Maybe Too honest. I just ran out there 'cause Honcho dropped it off out there. Shout out Honcho. Yes. And. I. I went and I got it. And I somehow lost my phone in the process. Oh. So it's probably in the car I hope. But don don't know. Yep. You lose your phone enough that you can be relaxed when it's missing. Right. I'm not relaxed. It's like stressing me out a little bit. I I Wouldn't even be able to function in this fact check. It's a good challenge to not be so attached.


You're right. It's a great mental exercise. I have so much to cover. Once in a blue moon, I make a list of things I want to cover in the fact check and that blue moon has arrived. Oh Boy. Because I also have a list. Oh, you do personal or episode related? Well, I have a list of facts, but then I also have Personals. That's a given. Yeah. I'm gonna get out my list. Okay. Do you wanna go first? I don't wanna presume to go first. I do wanna talk about my finger. Okay, Great. Okay, let's talk about it. Okay. So we were, I'll put this down and I'm sorry if it's triggering that I know where my phone is. I, It's a little and it's taunting me. I can see. Oh look Your phone. I have your phone. Now you can relax. Oh great. We were in Austin And.


it was really fun. It always delivers. Yeah. God bless Austin. It was So fun. American by birth, Texan by the grace of God. Mm. That's what they say. Yeah. They also say bigger the hair, the closer to God. Oh, I've not heard that one. That's great. Or is it The height of the hair? The closer to God. One of those Also, they say when you're bowling for a finish, you're follow through. Shake the hand with the Lord. Oh wow. I've never heard that. Isn't that great? My friend friend Kurt. I'm Gonna try that. So we were in Austin. And. I was at breakfast and Great Breakfast. Was I there or this is a sub? You Were not there. This is when I went with Ang to Yes. You went to another lunch spot. And. I had a massage. So I had to, our schedules were not aligning so I went to, you Blew me off several times, which I just, I tip my hat to you.


It's, you, you really were on a, you were on your own path. Well below anybody Due to let's a party. Let's, let's, we'll circle back to this Conversation. I got. Okay. I got earmark. So Not a sponsor. Earmark. That's a great name for a business actually. Earmark. Yeah, we just copyrighted it. Don't try, don't take it. Get all the handles. Rob. Already, already. We already got it. Okay. So I was walking, you know I love to walk when I'm on vacation. Yeah. I go to random locations and then I walk for a long time back to my original destination. Starting point, point to my destination in, in my original location. Yeah. So I was like 35 minutes from the hotel and I'm walking and I'm listening to Elizabeth and Andy.


Oh, nobody's listening. Right. And it's so, it's so lovely. Dream weather, 75 every day. Great Weather. And all of a sudden I feel like something's sort of in my hair. Mm. And since I had headphones in, I was like, oh, maybe like my thing is caught. Yeah. And. I swatted it with my hand. And I got stung. Sting and maybe even sting, sting, sting. I'm starting to wonder if there was multiple stings. Yeah. So I was shook. And. I like grabbed my hand. The stinger was still half in. You saw it. Okay. It had white stuff. Well Then only one. No. Unless it stung and then that's where it ended. Oh, okay. That's a good point. Yeah.


So then I yanked it out. I'm not sure if I got it all. Well, do you see a black dot anywhere on your Name? There's A dot. There is. You might need Carly. Oh God. I don't want her to get in there. You might need her to get in there. So there's nobody better I know. No I know. Well Wabi, she did it for Calvin once too. Yeah, she's guys, if you're out there, use Louis as a paint body and use my sister Carly for any minor elective surgeries. She is good at it. Anywho. So that was a bummer, right? Like it hurt obviously, but I was like whatever. Yeah, And I have a ring on that finger. A very important ring and Sweetest story.


So like a super thin gold ring with a tiny, tiny diamond on it. And I bought it after I booked my first commercial here. See that's the really cute part. Yeah, I was really, you went out and spoiled yourself a little bit. I Did. Yeah. I was proud of myself for booking that role. Yeah. I'm proud of myself. I'm Proud of myself. I'm proud of myself. I was And I. I, yeah. So I bought that ring. So this must, this is like 12 years ago, probably 13. Yeah. 25-year-old baby. I barely take that ring off. I've taken it off a couple other times in life for like an hour. Yeah. But it's hard to get off even when, even normally it's very hard to get off.


It fits perfect like a glove. And. I didn't anticipate what would happen next, which is that my hand would, my finger would start swelling like crazy. Well, ballooned up. We could use the word balloon. Yeah. And so by the time, the next morning, by the time I looked at it, the finger was enormous. Yeah. And the ring was extremely tight. I took one look at it and then I had to fight off a panic attack. 'cause you know, my only phobias are really claustrophobia. Somehow that fits in claustrophobia for me. I get that. I don't wear rings because the few times I've put them on the, even if it's a little questionable whether it's gonna come off, I, I panic.


Yeah. And in fact, like on parenthood, I had to wear a wedding ring. And. I gotta wear a hu. The only way I can wear one is if it's way too big. Oh. And then it's falling off. I know. So it's a whole thing. Yeah. But I hate that. So I took a look at that. And I was like, fuck that. I, we gotta get that off of you right now. Should I go buy pliers I know And I said Absolutely not. This is a very important ring. Yeah. It's a source of all your good luck. Yes. That's will get into that because, so I was like, this is an important ring without it. Who am I? And Yes. All my money and luck. Yes. And a fortune is attached to this ring. Yep. And safety and security. Yes. So I was like, it'll be fine. This is probably the biggest. It'll get, it'll go down.


It'll be fine. Cut to like the next day. It's worse. Yeah. Then Was that a Thursday? You got it? I got it on Thursday. Stung on stung on Thursday. Yeah. Friday. It didn't look good. No. Saturday it didn't look good. Nope. And Sunday I was flying home. Yeah. We flew separately. Yeah. I woke up And. I was like, Oh my God. What am I doing? Like I'm about to get on this plane. The pressure's gonna be so intense on the plane. And, and what if it's a blood? Like, I hadn't thought about this, but I was like, what if this is like a blood clot situation? I said immediately. This is could be gangrene, I know gangrene.


I'm not as worried about as I am a blood clot in an aneurysm. 'cause I'm very scared of aneurysms. Okay. And then I need to point out, we were recording yesterday and pointed this out. I'm gonna bring, point it out here. This wonderful juxtaposition of you both being terrified of aneurysms and blood clots and what I might deem of a hypochondriac. I know, you'll push back on that. But I think you're a hypochondriac and simultaneous to being a hypochondriac, when you have legitimate injuries and problems, you completely ignore them. So case in Point, I think they'll be fine. That's ignoring them. Your ear was so infected and nearly Ganges and you let it go on for how long was that escapades?


A month. It was a while. It was so long. You look like you were an a rugby player or an MMA fighter. You look like you had cauliflower ear. No, I didn't. Yes you did. You had cauliflower ear. No, don't say that. And I asked. Don't say Er. Don't say don't stop saying cauliflower. You had cauliflower ear down in Louisville. Louisville. I, I didn't have that. Okay. It was disgusting. It was, it looked like you were gonna go septic or sepsis, whatever the word is, really quickly. And, and then people may remember I performed a surgery on you. You did. And it's a great video. Back to Carly. She watches it weekly. She loves that video. Probably just a brush up on her skills. Yeah. So Sunday morning, I think, what have I done? I've made a huge mistake. Also, I'm flying separately from you. So if I have an aneurysm, I'll be by myself.


Yep. I hadn't even anticipated the fact that that could be, I thought like, you know, the pressure, but I was like, I'll deal with it. I'll put ice on it. But then when I got in my head that there could be a blood, 'cause you know you are more prone to blood clots on a plane. Yes, that's true. So The Because of inactivity. Right. But since I was pulling up all the blood in my finger, I didn't know what I was, I didn't know what I had set myself on. Again, I don't want to beat a dead horse. But when you don't have circulation, what you risk is that that blood will become necrotic and poisonous. And when that happens, it starts spreading. And then we're lobbing off body parts. People get gangrene on their toe and they lose their whole foot. So like you're, you were fucking, you're playing with fire.


I was playing with fire. And you're worried about a clot. Which is not the right thing. Now we'll get comments from physicians. Yeah. Or maybe I'm wrong. Just hold on. Hold your I don. Be a little, Yeah. Hold your voice. But as your friend, I'm like, let's get this thing off you before you have What if you didn't have your middle finger right now? I know what? Oh look, it's still, it's so a little precarious. We'll get to that. You struggle with your self image. Enough AI in there. Four fingers on one hand. You think you're gonna be overcome it. You're a babe. You're, yes. I'm very strong. You're a babe and you think you're a dog. Imagine now you have four, nine fingers all in. You don't have to cut off another one to make it. Even Oh. my God That side. Oh my God. Okay. Okay. Now I did decide that morning that this ring's probably gotta go before I get on this plane. But then I thought, how the fuck is am I gonna do that?


So then I went into the, like the cupboard at the hotel and I got the wine opener. And I was trying to use that to get it off. That is a pretty good idea. Why are you looking like that? That's a good idea when there's no pliers around. That's a terrible idea. Why? That's the sharpest object. And all you were gonna add to that. Yes. It's a sharp object that you're gonna be like going like this with. It's so not controlled. You're gonna be putting a ton of pressure on the corner of that. And you're gonna now slice open your big donut finger. I Was worried about that. Your water weenie finger, the fucking ring's still gonna be on there. Now you're gushing blood. I mean maybe some of the pressure will be, anyways. Anyway, I tried it a couple times.


Didn't work. I'm so glad you didn't slice your finger in half. So then I get to the airport. And, I am pan starting to panic a little bit. Yeah. I get my ice. I'm trying to ice it. Nothing's really happening. And then I decide to buy, I had Advil already. I decided to buy aspirin and Benadryl. Aspirin in case of the clot in hand. Or You wanna thin out your blood a little bit? Sure. So Then I need to add to people too, so they understand. So we haven't really given them, I need people to understand that the diameter of your middle knuckle on your middle finger was twice the size of the diameter of where the ring was.


Like I need people to understand this is a real cartoonish. It was serious. Yeah. Robert Crumb drawing of a finger. I have a picture. It doesn't do it justice, but I, I can post that And had that sense that if you poked it with a tiny needle, it would pop. Yeah. And. I was poking it. It didn't pop. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by BetterHelp. This month is all about gratitude. I'm truly grateful for the people I'm surrounded by in my life. They mean the absolute world to me. They are the greatest gift I've been given. Here's a reminder to give thanks to those you hold near and dear. And while you're at it, give thanks to someone you might not thank enough yourself. It's something we can easily forget, but it's an important act of self-love. We just had an expert on that revealed. We're not Very nice to ourselves. That's not very self-compassionate at all. We gotta get better. It's important. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, making it super convenient for any schedule. Getting started is a breeze. All you need to do is fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and you're free to switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash d to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp. HEL p.com/dax.


Okay. Anyway, so And also, okay. Our poor, one of our bosses was on our flight who we had just met. Oh really? Yes. You didn't tell me that. Yes. So on your flight? On my flight, yeah. And I. and she, and she's awesome. We had just met her. Yeah. And poor thing I like, emailed her And. I was like, are you on this flight? and she said, yes. Great. See you at the airport. And then she texted me, I'll see you there. And. I was like, yeah. Also my finger I got stung by a bee. My finger's huge and I'm a little worried it's gonna explode. I Feel eight years old right now. Yeah, I did. I felt, I felt like I was so glad there was gonna be somebody else there. Yeah. In case I died. Okay.


Poor her. 'cause like, she has two kids and she was on this vacation And, it was Her first trip without kids. and she, and now you, she has you as a kid Deal with this kid. and she, she was so cute. She like arrived at the terminal with some ice, which is really nice. Oh my lord. I already, I had already had got some ice for myself. of course. Okay. I also text my friend Sally, who is on the East coast because it was early. So I knew all my friends on the west coast would be asleep. So I texted Sally from Argent. I did not know it had gotten to this level. Yeah. I know. I didn't tell you. So I Remember when you cut your finger in your apartment. Yes. It sounds very similar to that But that you are saying it's serious. And now you're trying to act like it's not serious.


So that's why I wanted to, that's why I wanted to set the table correctly that this was a problem. Okay. Now you're trying to act on like, it wasn't a problem. You're a hypochondriac. No, it's a problem. But calling a friend in New York. Why? What? What? Well, how is, how is she gonna be a part of the game plan? Well, why don't you keep listening. Okay. Okay. So I said, Sally, hey, I'm so sorry to bother you. Hey guy, do you know any doctors or medical professionals on the East coast who could be up right now? and she said yes. And so she can, she put me on two texts with two different people. Okay. And I sent Sally picture of my finger and she sent the picture to them and said, this is Monica.


This is what happened. Yeah. And I just said, Hey, I'm just, you know, I'm about to get on the flight. I'm wondering if I should do anything. Should I take I, oh, this is another thing. I really didn't wanna take the Benadryl 'cause I didn't wanna be sleepy all day. Okay. Okay. So I Said, you're juggling a lot of objectives. Do I need to take this Benadryl? I also have aspirin. Am I at risk for a blood clot? And the doctor said, he said, keep an eye on it. Maybe take the Benadryl. If it's starting to change color, you need to go to the ER and have it cut off. Right. And the ring. Yeah. And, and just really quick not to escalate this, but it would change color, not 'cause of a blood clot.


It doesn't matter. Okay. He was just, yeah, he, he said I wasn't at risk for the blood clot. Oh, okay. So I felt better. Okay. I, I was like, okay then this is fine. Okay. However, the second medical professional was like, can you get the ring off? You definitely need to take Benadryl. She seemed scared. More scared. Okay. Okay. Now was There a lot of exclamation points in her text? How do you know she was scared? I could tell by the way it was punctuated. What if her text response said, stop this exchange, dial 9 1 1. I know. That's what it felt. Yeah. That's What it felt. You kinda wanted them to say that. No. No. You didn't. No, I didn't because I was really, I was like, I gotta get home. Right. I wanna go home now. Yeah. I took the Benadryl. Yeah. We get on the plane.


I'm there with our boss. Yeah. She's Taking you a seated next to each Other. Jeremy. Yeah. She saved me a seat, which was really nice. Oh wow. Anyway, we chatted the whole time. We had a great flight. It was So fun. Oh. My finger didn't explode. Oh, okay. Great. And, I, And. I knew it wasn't clotting. So I was like, great. So Jess picks me up from the airport. I'm like, this is what happened. He was like, Oh my God. That looks horrible. Yeah. We need to do something about this. And I was like, no, I made it through the flight. So I think it's at its peak now. I think it's gonna go down. It's gonna be fine. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm back feeling very confident. Yeah. Bullish. Then I woke up the next morning, And. it did. It looked Worse. Well, in the middle of the night it got hot and itchy. Yeah. And. it didn't take More Benadryl. Yeah. That had been happening a for a couple days. And that's the other thing.


It's still happening last night. Yeah. I woke up in the middle of the night, it's like on fire and so Itchy. Yeah. What the fuck is going on? Histamines. It's sending histamines there. So anyway, yesterday, I mean Monday. Yeah. I arrive, the finger is looking blue enough for me to be like, alright, we gotta, and so you cut it off. Well, hold on a second. Okay. Now you can step. That's not exactly what happened. You didn't come to me and say, all right, I'm ready In my head. I did, You said nothing. And then I looked at your finger. And I said by God. Monica, please let me cut that ring off.


Well, I said I And, I knew And. I arrived back. And I don't wanna, and then I drug you to my tool bench. I put Ether over your face. So you pass out And you stole all my money. And then I snipped it off. Yeah, you did Real quick. Everything was solved. Yeah. Well it did immediately help. I was like, yeah, that definitely needed To be helped. And the swelling went down, Swelling went down within a few hours. Like it went down a lot. It's still swollen. Sure, sure, sure. But it's not a water weenie. It's not at all what it looked like. I, I was able to move the ring to a different finger. And, I just like, sort of, kind of closed it up in the back. And I felt safe. Yeah. But I, it, I it's not gonna last like that.


It's a very easy soldering for somebody. But am I gonna go through all that trouble for this, All that. Ask Wacho to go to a jewelry store and get it soldered. Well that doesn't sound very hard. It's like a 200, like a $200 ring. It's like, I'm gonna do all this. Yes, of course I am. And in fact, that's a great like, message to the universe. Don't let exterior forces define value for you. That ring means more to you than any, than your a thousand dollars bone cuff or however much a, a thing is. Yeah. Much. Yeah. So, Of course spare no expense because that has real value. Fuck. I'm saying the opposite in my head. I'm like, Monica, stop. You need to stop putting so much emphasis on material items.


Like it's a ring. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's not that big of a deal. It's not In charge of your destiny. Yes. It doesn't have magic powers. Yes. But it is a thing that you bought as a reward for yourself when you came to a place to try to do something that was very hard and you did it and you were proud of yourself. And that's very sweet. And that's probably the most important piece of jewelry you actually have. It is, but I'm not, I'm not throwing it away. Well, no, get it Fixed. Okay, fine. My God. Send it to Louis. So mixed messages. Send It to Louis. I bet if he, if he can fix your door for six 50, he'll have this ring back on your finger for 12 bucks. Okay. Yeah. Louis, are you listening? I don't think he's a listener Yet. Yeah, that's a good point. So all to say that was the drama.


And I. I am really sad about the ring and I'll, I'm gonna decide. Maybe I will fix it. It's very thin gold. I mean don don't know. We'll see. We'll see. And my finger still really hurts. And. it is really itchy, but It's way, way significantly better. Just like your ear got better really quick. Yeah. Now I know the issue you're trying to confront on this recent life challenge is don't assign so much power to these things. Yeah. And that's a great one. But I would like you to also consider paying less attention to the things you don't have and more attention to the problems you do have. What do you mean? Like, you'll spend so much time worrying about a blood clot that you don't have and then you're not spending a lot of time on your ear or your finger, which are clearly fucked up.


So maybe just also that I take that back. You're on your own path. It's going great. It's going pretty Good. It's going really good. Back to Austin. Yeah. Really fun time. Yes. We did a couple panels. Yep. We had fucking shout out. Not a sponsor. Lambert Steakhouse Oh. my God guys. We went out to eat on Wednesday with lovely Adam Grant. He was part of our panel. Yep. Went to Lambert's. I got the rib eye. Yeah. In three bites in the addict. Panicked. Yeah, of course. I need a second one of these. 'cause this, the thought of this being over is terrifying. Yeah.


It was so good. don don't know what's in it. A friend suggested it might have been marinated with maple syrup. Yeah. It had horse radish, which you don't generally like smeared all over the top with this very sweet glaze charred medium. The fat was all Mel melted. It was so sweet. I mean it was just like sugar. The whole thing. It was like a Snickers bar or something. Yeah. It was Delicious. My God. It was so good. And all I thought about every 10 minutes following that meal was getting another one. So we went back in two days. Yep. And I did no sides or anything. Yep. And just did two rib eyes. You did two And. I was worried but it You did just fine.


I would felt so strong. Yeah. I felt like a bull. Yeah. And. it almost ran out the side of the restaurant through the brick wall instead of using the door. It was so good. Yeah. Got to go to Barton Springs. Yep. It was closed one day. Heartbreaker. I can never seem to remember their clothes for cleaning on Thursday. I can't tell you how many times I've driven there on Thursday. Unloaded all my shit. Walk to the gate and go, oh yeah, that's right. They cleaned it on Thursday. That happened again. But went out with Rory and Ang a couple times. Big shout out to Rory. Mm. And Ang lent us an outrageously beautiful car. Yes. Couldn't rent a car that no inventory. 'cause F1 weekend. Yep. So I got this beautiful car. I'm almost embarrassed to say what it is, but I guess it's not my car. Yeah. But it was a Bentley.


It was a Bentley. It Was a green sexy Bentley. It was gorgeous. I felt like royalty driving it. I was like, oh, I understand how many people drive these cars. Yeah. Plus Fast and V Eight Dairy Queen in there. We Had not even, we Spilled it all over the car. we didn Rory. We didn't. We went to Dairy Queen twice and you said, are we gonna eat in the car? And I said, of course we're not gonna eat in this car. This car costs as much as a house. How fucking rude could that be? Borrow someone's belly. And I. Go to Dairy Queen. I Was Oh, you also got a dipped comb. Which was a fucking mess. There was shit leaking all over. All the si. Like you would've destroyed that car. Well I, it would've made your Door repair. Well, how are we gonna do this? Like, I didn't even consider the fact that we wouldn't eat in the I've never done that.


Yeah. So I, that wasn't even an option in my head. So I was kind of like, is this a good idea? Us going to Dairy Queen in this car. Right. But I knew we were gonna eat outside. Sure. 'cause it's a dicey Dairy queen, which I like. There's like, it's a parking lot is potentially, that's Why I don't even think it's an option. There's certainly been gunshots in the parking lot. Yeah. How many I won't claim. But definitely they've been inside the Dairy Queen and heard gunshots, And I like that. You sit outside and people, this shit going on. Anyways, then we went to the sprint race. Yeah. Which was So fun. So fun, great race. I got to go with Amazon, which was really nice. Really fun Guests of Amazon and Max Tappin who had not won in a, in a while won the sprint race.


Which made me so happy. Yep. Didn't win the big race, but that's okay. Oh, he didn't. He didn't. But Charles LeClair didn't. That's nice. He doesn't won in a while too. And I love Charles LeClair. Okay, Great. Yeah. That was fun. You were a good luck charm. I was a good luck charm. Then we went same day. This might be the most eventful day of her huge day. When you talk about like, like going to see Beyonce or going to see Taylor Swift or going to a Super Bowl. We got two of them in one day. A Formula one race in Austin is an event of a lifetime. And then in the evening, what did we do? We went to the Texas Georgia game. Texas, Georgia. This was the game of huge of the century. I had not been, I had only been to A-U-C-L-A game and no disrespect to my alma mater.


What a fucking joke of a show they put on at UCLA compared to what's happening in Texas. What's Happening in the SEC? The SEC. Yeah. I know you're horny for the SEC. You must have said SEC like 12 times while we were there. Because that's the truth. And I'm sure you're right. I know nothing about that. Okay. Well, yeah. And but you kept going like SEC. Yeah. Now you're in the SEC you like It was the fir because I was telling you, I'm confused because I don't remember us ever playing Texas while I was at Georgia. So I was confused. The Longhorns hook 'em Ew. Then I checked in with, with my friend Robbie, who knows everything about college football.


And I said, I don't remember this. And he said we didn't play them because they just joined the SEC this year. Ah, first year. So It was a big deal. They're playing in the big leagues now. Yep. That was mostly your point. Yep. So It was 'cause they were number one going into this game. Okay. All great. They bring out Bovie, put the name of the mascot. I think a Longhorn Hook 'em 2000 pound biggest mascot. We're gonna, okay, what are we gonna do? We're Gonna have a fight on this. I wanted to have the fight while we were there, but we You were mad at me I know quite a bit. Yeah. You you were mad at me Quite a bit. No, I wasn't really mad. But now I'm getting actually mad. You Were pre, you were kind of actually mad at me if you don't remember.


I wasn't because I knew, I I understood why you were pretending to be a Texas fan there. Because should we, should we be, can we tell people what we were doing? Yeah. We were guests of my new boyfriend, Matthew McConaughey. Well, we didn't see him. We didn't see him. 'cause he, he's on the field. I can do 45 minutes on McConaughey. McConaughey is the actual mascot of Texas football. Longhorns. Bevo D Devo Bevo. BEVO. Bevo. And we we're, that's how you pronounce it. No, I have no idea. Bevo Bevo. If we were filming a movie of what happened, I, I would, my guess is we're gonna have to do about 12 takes to get the timing right of what happened when they showed McConaughey on the big screen.


Well, first of all, the place is incredibly on fire. Oh yeah. They're going. So SC that's what happens fucking hard. The Jets fly over, there's smoke everywhere. They're running out fucking pyrotechnics. Yeah. Bovie or Bud Bevy or Dove them. They run her out or him out. No, of course the Longhorns. You gotta hook 'em. And then going around and then they show all the fun footage and everything, and they're kind of showing famous alumni and everything. And then all of a sudden they show like some person's famous face and then a thing. And then they show like a mystery face and all of a sudden goes to a live shot and McConaughey's back is to the camera. Right. And the second that shot comes on, he throws his head back and gives it the, the horns. Yeah.


It was fantastic. It was Glorious. It was really good. Fuck. I'm like, this guy is magic. And he's on the field. I don't, he he's a Coach. He gets to be on the field. Yeah. He owns the whole play. Yeah. It's his team. It's McConaughey's Longhorns. Yeah. And he's wearing a cowboy hat and a brown leather jacket. And he turned around and gave the horns and his fucking face was glistening. And I was like, this motherfucker is a star. He is a star. I'm love there. No. Getting around it. I'm I know You are. And we were a guest of his. It was so sweet. It was. We were in his suite. Yes. And we were with his friends and his family. And they were all lovely Oh, my God nicest group of folks. Oh, that's telling by the way, like I only know McConaughey so much.


We went up Lambert, ding, ding ding. Yep. And then we've interviewed him. But I think when you meet people's friends, huge. Yeah. You really understand who the person is. And his, His kids were so polite and nice and sweet. Oh, it is lovely. Two things. A I love Austin. Austin's my place. You know, it's my spiritual calling That's not the right word. Even though it's my spiritual center. I asked you If I love Austin. You know, I've wanted to move there a bunch of times. I I told you recently, I really, if I had to do it all over again, I went to another college. It would definitely be University of Texas. Austin. I feel like that's my vibe. Oh, you're kidding. You can't, you can't even walk with me a little bit on This. I can't Because you already told me on the trip that you would rather live in Paris than Austin.


No, I think we were talking about time teleporting. No, we were not. I said, I said something about Austin and then you said, well, I don't know if I wouldn't pick Paris. Okay. But again, don don't speak French. Oh God. Alright. So as much as I love Paris, I'm not actually, when it comes down to it, certain I would live in Paris over Austin. All right. None of this is here nor there. It's here. So I, I of course wanted to support Texas because of our host. But then also I love Texas. I love University of Texas. I love them. No, you don't. I What do you mean? I do? How do you love a Place? Do remember last? You do remember there I went to the campus and wandered around.


And I was looking at how they positioned the, the, the, the campus on the Capitol site line and all. Do you remember all that? I've never wandered the campus of any other college other than Harvard. Yeah. But like, I wandered the campus. I met my hotel. I'm like, you know, I gotta walk around ut I like this. I'm gonna go look at this place. I love this place. Anyways, anyhow. Okay. So, so I decided to maintain my integrity. You know, I'm at a, I'm at a real crossroads here before we go to this game because I am like, what the fuck am I gonna do? Am I gonna not wear Georgia clothes? Because that feels like really wrong in my Bones right now.


Here's my issue. So I was, do you remember I was a hundred percent supportive of you wearing your red And. I said they'll love having you in the suite. It's fun to have one of the rivals there. Sure. So I was like very supportive. And I. And I said they would like it. And and they did. They were like, oh good. Yeah, they Did. We had a Georgia fan and then there was fun. There was secretly three Georgia fans there, which we found out. Which was fun. Yeah. That was fun. And so I was very supportive of you rooting on Georgia And I. Don't know why you were so mad. I was rooting on Texas. Do you, you don't see the difference Me rooting for Georgia a school I went to. No. I, no, I fully understand why you were supporting Georgia.


But, but yes. So it's not an equivalent for you to root for a school that you didn't go to and have no connection to. But I like and have an affinity for. And And I would naturally, if you're not in the picture and I'm in Texas at that game, I'm rooting for the Longhorns. Welcome. That's fine. I'm just like, Don don't know why. It's a betrayal. It became a betrayal. Or it's potentially a betrayal. It makes no sense. It just doesn't make any sense to me. Like if I'm with you at some anthropology conference. Yeah. And it's like UCA anthropology. Yeah. Versus Harvard anthropology. And I'm like, yeah, I am here for Harvard.


You'd be like, why? I mean, I am, I'm like, I love Harvard. Harvard's amazing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's great. I love the campus. I Guess my comp was, if we go to the, the Formula One race and you're rooting for Lando Norris to pass Max, max is my driver. I don't mind at all if you're rooting for, I don't want, I don't need you to, to be rooting for the same person I am. But It's not, it's not the same when none of us like are friends with any of the F1 players or I, I Was, well we were exact. We, we were friends with Danny. And so for me that is, By the way, we fought over that. So this is consistent.


Okay. Because you in the past were like, how are you saying Max is your favorite driver when your friend is Daniel Ricardo? Yeah. I think that's And I said, I am friends with Daniel And. I love him. And I would help him move furniture. He's my friend. I, that doesn't mean I have to have him as my favorite driver. I'm not friends with him. 'cause he's my favorite driver. I'm friends with him 'cause I like him. Yeah. And my favorite driver's Max for step, like, I don't know how else to say it. And. I don't. That's, that was fine with me. Well, of course it's fine with you. That's your Yeah. That's your opinion and your decision. Yeah. Don don't require people to like what? I like to be friends with me. I don't require a FI If a friend of mine's favorite podcast is Rogan over our show.


Or Smartlist. Yeah. But. that doesn't bother me at all. No, that doesn't bother me at all either. So why would Ricardo demand that? I am Rudy, I'm gonna root for someone that's gonna win. And Ricardo wasn't in a position to win since we've been friends. That's that's he wasn't driving for Red Bull or You're picking based on who's gonna win. Not based on anything else. Well, I'm picking who I think is the best driver. I, I'm back to football. Okay, let's go back to football. Okay. So you, it's not like you grew up a Texas fan. If you did of course, of course. I'd be like, yeah, he is a Texas fan. Yeah. This is the way it goes. You are not, Do you know what I would do though? What? Just to scramble your brain a little bit further.


Okay. If we were watching Georgia play UCLA, I would've rooted for Georgia. How much does that fuck you up? Yeah. Because again, you, I'll say And, I explain this to you when we were there. If I have a team, the only team I watch games of in the last couple years are U of M and Georgia. As you remember, I got very excited when Georgia won. It was very fun. I like rooting for them. And I was rooting for Texas that night. But I like Georgia very much. I like Georgia more than I would want UCLA to win then if we threw U of M in there, that'd be very confusing. I'd probably want U of M to win over boy UCLA even though I didn't even go there. Well, That I can get behind again. Okay. That makes more sense to me.


You grew up in Michigan. I of course you want Michigan to win things. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Texas does not make sense. I know you. It Does. Tamika's Austin's my place for 21 years since I did Idiocracy There. Well, they lost And. it was really fucking fun for me to be there and a really crush. Welcome to the SEC Texas, because you are in a little over your head. Okay. Okay. Great, great, great. I was proud of my boys, my George boys. You know I went there, right? Oh Yeah.


I know. Yeah. Dogs. It's not, it's not an arbitrary s them. Oh. That's the first time I've ever heard you say that. No, It's not. Yeah, It is. I've said s em a lot. I like to say these little catchphrases roll tide s em hook 'em horns. But I think if we dare we don't have time. What? But the core, if like a therapist was sitting here, we both know what the core of this is. Of course. My fear is that you don't have any loyalty. That's right. You, you pick things don don't pick as a test of loyalty. I pick things you don't. Well there were two things on the trip that were kind of tests of loyalty. Okay. What was the other Oh, like a serious thing.


Yeah. And so you And I have different baseline of what we expect from people who love us. What do you expect That you don't gossip behind my back? Even though, you know, you've gossiped about people behind their, we have gossiped about people we love behind their back. Me and you together. So I know it's true. Well, okay. I mean this is, this is, I think there's differences in this and you have commended me in the past and I'm not someone who talks shit about all my friends. You're not, You, you've like commended me for that. You, you don't talk shit. But me and you have talked about people. I'm just, But generally I think we've talked about people who have real, like, that are going through real problems. Yeah. And I'm not getting off on the, do you hear so and so did that?


No. I know the difference. I I do too. Yeah. So I, when you're excited to share information about somebody else to raise your personal status 'cause you have a secret that you've been entrusted with, that is one thing to me. So, at any rate, but we do, like, we have different, we have different criteria and that's just how it is. Unfortunately. Like you And I have different criteria and those are not gonna ever match up. Like, I'm never gonna say an enemy of yours is an enemy of mine and I'm never gonna love someone because you love them. I'll either love the person or hate the person. But it won't be, that won't, our friendship will have nothing to do with that. And. I'll either love or hate Georgia because I love or hate Georgia.


I don't take on my friend's lists of, you know, allies and enemies. Yeah. Which is fine with me. It's just when you have no skin in the game at all. I don't understand why you wouldn't just, like, for me, if don don't have a, like, I'm not gonna switch my view. Like if I'm a Georgia fan and you're a huge Michigan, like this insane Michigan fan, I'm of course not gonna be like, I guess now I'm a Michigan fan because for Dak, and By the way, I don't, I don't want a friend like that. No. I know. Yeah. But if I have no connection, zero I know. Now you And I could debate that You think I have no connection and that's fine. I did not go to school there.


But 21 years ago I did a movie there. And I fell in love there. You love And I go there more than any other place. Yes. I know that. I mean, just by a factor of 10, I've been to Austin over the last 21 years, 10 times more than any other place. Yeah. I love it there. I've walked the campus. I love, I love it there. I want them to win. I love that town. I loved the stadium. I loved what was happening. I You don't think I have any business loving them, but I do. Okay. Because I love Austin. I get it. I I just can't relate. Right. Because if I, I think if I really do believe, if it was reversed and we were in New York. Okay. New York is my favorite city. I fucking love it. Yeah. I want, I if we're in New York and they were doing something against something you cared about.


Yeah. I would be rooting for who you wanted to win because I, I, I love New York, but I'm not, that's all I do is I love it. Like, I can't don don't feel like connect Deeper, connected. Well that's what like you would show your love for me. The the way you want me to show my love for you. Well, Don't we all do that? But I Don't want you to root for anything I root for. Like that's what's, that's the, that's the huge chasm between us. That's the thing that's hard for us to resolve. 'cause you would do that for me. And I don't want, it's, It's not for you. Okay. It's, it's, it's, it's just like, why wouldn't I pick the side of the person? I care. Why wouldn't I do that when I have no, I have no reason not to do it.


That's the thing. Like, it's not, it's not for you. It's not like, well I'm doing a big thing for you right now and I'm taking This, if they were playing the Oklahoma Sooners, I would've rooted for Georgia. Yeah. Yeah. If it means nothing, of course. Right? Yeah. I get that. But I get that. Okay. I have a bunch of stuff, but the only thing I, the, the top priority of mine is to talk about the English teacher. Oh wow. Yeah. F fantastic. That's, that's number one priority. Great. In retrospect, I should have said it just at the top for a second as a teaser, but maybe I'll say it in the intro. Yeah. We have watched the English teacher on Hulu and we fucking love it.


It's so goddamn good. It is. And it's more than just good. Yeah. There's something important about it too. Yeah. And I'll tell you, it's like an evolution for me. Let's hear it. Which is And. I can admit all this. You know, there was some period in the evolution of comedy since I've been in it for 30 years, where people made fun of different groups. Those groups didn't have an equal microphone. Yeah. And. it was unfair. It was lopsided. If a white comedian's making jokes about Toyota Camry ownership in the Indian community, there's no one else there to punch back.


Then Husson comes along and he makes tons of jokes about the Toyota Corolla or Camry. And as groups have become disenfranchised. So what I was worried about in that spell is there was some part of me that has a core belief that everyone should be made fun of. That it's like positive. It's it's humanizing. Yeah. It's fun. If the spirit's right, it's, it's, it is a good part of us. And comedy is this great tool to point out things in a very special way that only comedy can do. So the notion to me that no one was gonna get made fun of ev anymore was a little concerning to me. Now what has happened, and this show to me is like, one of the proofs of this is that the solution was give all of these disenfranchised groups, platforms and representation in shows and time on stage and all this.


And they'll make fun of themselves or Others. That and us. Yeah. And everyone, everyone, you know, whatever group, but Huston's making fun of Indians in a great way. I think it still needs to happen, you know, this group's making fun of this group. But to have a gay show creator and lead actor. Yes. Brian Jordan Alvarez, who's the lead of the show and he is the creator. Yeah. To let him handle that whole zone of gayness in a school as an openly gay teacher is just great. And the perspective's better. Definitely. The perspective is so complete. So everything's happening at once. He's like making great points.


We should all think about that. He is making fun of some things that are nuts. Totally. But, and it's him doing it, so it feels great. Yeah, it feels safe. Yeah. And I'm like, oh, right. Here we go. This is kind of the thing I, I minimally hoped would happen over time, which is like, yeah, yeah. We should keep fucking poking at everyone. But it should be the people in the group doing the poking. Yeah. It's such a funny show. It's so good. We had only known about it 'cause they said the our show on it. They did. And then I fucking Narcissistically only went and watched that thing. 'cause people told me the Oh, it's like the clip. Yeah. I watched the clip. Now that I've watched the whole show, now I feel insanely flattered. Yes. That he brought us up in this show.


That is perfection. It's great. Fuck. It makes me happy. It's So flattering. Okay, I'm gonna do a few facts quickly, very quickly. Okay. The big hit of Kiwi sketch, people should watch that. It's called Taste Test. It's on SNL, but if you type that in, you can find it. So funny. When did Dangers liaisons come out? 1988. Ooh. And is this One's years old? Just one's years old. The Snake Pit is still there. Oh it is? Oh great. What did Sidney Poitier Poitier Poitier Poitier. He won the Academy Award for Lilly's of the field. Oh, never seen it. Yeah, me neither.


You should. It's your middle name. It is one of the actors in their podcast, one of the voice actors in their podcast that we were discussing. The Ozzy? Yes. The new, well, she's from New Zealand. She's a Kiwi. Speaking of Kiwi Big hit Kiwi. Her name's Anna Scotty and she, they were saying that they saw her in a Tika movie. That movie is called The Breaker. Uppers. Tika produced it. Okay. The Breaker Uppers And Gloria Steinem. We are Link not ranked. Love that. She brought that up. Melissa brought that up. And there's a store and there's bracelets.


Oh yeah. Let the cat out of the bag. I just wanted to look up the explanation for that phrase. Yeah. In medieval markets, animals like piglets, chickens and ducks were sold in sacks. Dishonest merchants would sometimes swap out a pig for a cat. When the customer looked away, the buyer wouldn't realize they'd been cheated until they got home and opened the bag, which is when they would've let the cat out of the bag. Oh wow. I know. I liked that. And that's It. That's that. Yes. Oh, wonderful. Last thing. I'm sorry. It's okay. People have pointed out And I think they're dead. Right. If you recall in our Jeff Bridges interview, when it started out he said, I think they just saw you playing an addict in something.


Oh, And I was like, yeah, I don't think I've played an attic. Remember, there's a confusion. Right. I do remember that. And people were very smart to point out, Zach Braff played an addict in Bad Monkey, which was definitely airing at that moment. He had thousand percent thought. if that Is so Funny. Isn't that great? Wow. That's fantastic. It's Still Happening. Fantastic. I will say the recently he posted a picture of something of him like with some kid And I. Think the kid is like touching his face. So I can't, you couldn't see his face completely. But I was scrolling on Instagram. And I. A hundred percent. Thought it was you. You thought there Was a little kid touching my face. Yes. My face. Yeah. Wow. Here we go. 20 years in I know it's still happening. I know. I know.


It's great. It's great. All right. I Love you. Love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey. Hey, arm Cherry, quick question for you. Have you ever stopped to wonder who came up with that bottle of sriracha sitting in your fridge? Or why almost every house in America has a game of Monopoly stashed away somewhere? Well, this is Nick and this is Jack, and we just launched a brand new podcast called The Best Idea. Yet it's all about the surprising origin stories of the products you're obsessed with and the people who brought them to life. Like Super Mario, the bestselling video game character ever. He's only a thing because Nintendo couldn't get the rights to Popeye or Jack. How about McDonald's Happy Meal? Believe it or not, the Happy Meal was dreamed up by a mom in Guatemala every week on the best idea. Yet, you'll discover the surprising stories behind the most viral products of all time while picking up real business insights along the way. We guarantee you'll be that person at your next dinner party. Drop a knowledge bombs at the table, follow the best idea yet on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to the best idea yet early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.