
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple. Podcasts Or. you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. Experts on Expert. I'm Dan. She and I'm joined by Monica Monsoon. Hi. We have another Morris. We had a Morris recently. That's Right. We're on a tear of Morrises. Who else should we have? That's a Morris Great question. Zach Morris. Zach Morris. Oh, that'd be great. Morris Day from the time Prince's rival in Purple Rain. Oh, Okay. Morris the cat. Oof.


I'm failing big time. There's Another Morris. William Morris. William Morris, the, I think probably deceased agent. Oh, William Morris Agency, Or I'm a member. Well, well, there's a lot more we can have. I'm excited. Yeah. Okay. So point is, we'll, we'll try to keep 'em coming, but this Morris Michael Morris is a cultural psychologist and professor at Columbia University, and he has a great book out called Tribal, how the Cultural Instincts That Divide Us can help bring us together. I really like this one because we hear so much about tribalism. I'm always talking about it. and I exclusively talk about it in a negative light. And he's here to talk about kind of the very positive side of tribalism And the way we can use those positive pieces to bring us together, actually Counteract the negative pieces.


Yeah. Yeah, it's really good. So this is a great one. Please enjoy Michael Morris.


We are supported by it. Audible. We know you love audio content. Thanks for listening to the show. But if your ears are craving more audio, Audible is the place to go. I probably, in truth, spend more time on Audible than any other place 'cause any other app. Yeah, I'm listening every night for an hour before bed. There's more to imagine when you listen. Whether you're searching for the latest bestsellers and new releases, or you want to catch up on a classic title, you can find it all in the Audible app. And as an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. What Are you listening to now? Well, I'm just finishing the world's I see by fefe Lee. It's so good in moving and I. Love it so much. I'm, I'm sad it's ending. Now listen, new members can try Audible for free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash dax. Or text Dax to 500 500.


We are supported by Wayfair. We just got a new Wayfair coffee table. And. we sure did in our filming Space. and I love It. It's beautiful. It's gorgeous. Listen, right now is the best time to shop for everything you need for holiday hosting. And Wayfair is the place to shop for all things home this holiday season. From extra seating for the whole family to festive cookware, cozy bedding, and holiday decor galore. Wayfair helps you make your home way more you at a price that works for you. So whether you're looking for bedding sets for your guest room or kitchen brands you love, gift your home with Wayfair this holiday season. Plus, they offer free and easy shipping, even on the big stuff. They'll even help you set it up. Wayfair is your one stop holiday shop for everything on your to-do list this season. Head to wayfair.com right now to get your home holiday ready. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home


He's in. You would live in New York. You teach at Columbia? I live in New York, Yeah. And so you're in LA right now. Is that a trip you look forward to? Oh, Of course. I lived in California for 10 years, probably like the best years of my life. You have A California vibe? Yeah. In a good way. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Cool Vibe. Chill, relaxed. Yeah. Were these the Stanford years? Yeah. And I always admired California. My family is sort of from New York. I always saw New York as sort of like mired in the past.


and I saw Californians as these enlightened beings Liberated from tradition. Yeah. Eat Better food. you know, the genders aren't as bifurcated. The teenagers don't seem to have the same awkward years. East Coast awkward years are really awkward, you know? Yeah. you know, like New Jersey. Awkward. It's really awkward. I know. You're from Michigan, right? Yeah, In Atlanta. Atlanta, okay. Yeah. Cool. And you're from New York? What part of New York? I was born in the city and my parents were from the city, but then they started having too many kids. And so they moved upstate, moved around erratically, and then landed in Uptown called Liberty, which is in the Catskill Mountains. Ooh, Beautiful. If You've ever seen Dirty Dancing, oh sure. It's where Dirty Dancing was set.


Not where it was filmed. Lake Lure, North Carolina. That's where it was filmed. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. And you did your PhD at U of M I. did. And did you like living in Michigan? You can be honest. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I think my answer is probably not atypical. Right? Yeah. I grew up in this little, I can call it a shit town, right? Yeah. Little shit town. Are we on Or? We? Endearingly. Oh. yeah. Oh. yeah. Yeah. We're always, we're A BR. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. When does this start? We don't Know. we don't know when it ends for sure. Very loosey goosey. One of the first podcasts I ever listened to was Shit Town. Have you ever heard that podcast? Oh, I Love, yeah. That's such a good one. And. that was the word that everyone in my town used. Not when they were trying to be derisive, but just when they were trying to be factual.


So I grew up there. I didn't get into any colleges. I was kind of a jerk in high school. Oh. Kind of a deviant. What was your, Satan is Perversion. Was it music? Was it the occult? I was one of the kids who took some leadership roles, but then I was always being subversive. So like at one point they asked me to do the morning announcements. And you know, in a public school, you're all sitting in your homerooms and you're listening to the announcements. And so it would always be like, will the following students please report to the Vice Principal's office? Yeah. James Miller, Jimi Hendrix. Are they slipping in or fake names? You Are Rascal. Yeah. A bit of that. and I always thought people like me, but I realized afterwards that I made the teacher's jobs really difficult once I became a teacher.


and I realized having a person sitting on the side of the room just making jokes constantly. It's not making it easier For me. I know. I'm guilty of it too, though. Yeah. I didn't get in any colleges that I applied to. I went to a couple colleges in New York State and went on a program to London, and then I got into Brown, mostly through distance running. 'cause I had become a distance runner in the colleges that I went to. Did you major in psychology there as undergrad? I Didn't. I did a literature degree at Brown. There aren't many requirements. Okay. you know, it's sort of a cafeteria style college. And what a lot of people at Brown do is they take courses each semester that they like, and then they're informed that they have completed the requirements for the history degree, which is like, oh, take four history classes.


you know? It's like very minimal. That Works well with how the human brain works. 'cause we like to do a bunch of random things and then in retrospect, put them in an order that seems to make sense. So that's like almost the approach. Do whatever the hell you want. And then in reflection we'll go, well, that was clearly a ancient Rome degree. Right. Those are the two sides of our brain. The intuitive brain just makes choices. And, we feel in our gut. It's the right choice and we're committed to it. And then the rational brain is a sort of after the fact sense maker. Yeah. That carves a narrative or contrives a narrative connects to the Dots. We can make sense of anything retroactively. Yes we can. Yeah. I'm great at it. I'm like, every step I took seems like it led precisely to where I'm at.


It's a danger that we are so facile at rationalizing things when I teach that material. One of the main things I try to teach people, 'cause they're smart kids, I teach them smart people have a real fallibility of believing their own bullshit because their brains are so able Yeah. To justify anything. The intellectual humility of knowing that 90% of your choices are being made by your intuition that you have no access to and no control over gets it wrong eight outta 10 times. That's sort of what we want to teach them. Yeah. Yeah. There's also a concept in statistics, just regression of the mean. If somebody does something extraordinary, chances are their next performance will be less extraordinary. And so really smart parents tend to have kids who are smarter than average, but not as smart as them.


Ah. Ah. you know? So some of that might be just that science is largely chance. I mean, some intelligence is the price of admission, but then do you happen to work on a problem that gives way to your particular attack on the problem? And that's largely chance. So you Leave there with a literature degree and then you go directly to U of M. I also did a cognitive science degree at the time at least it was a mix of some computer science, especially artificial intelligence style, computer science, some linguistics, especially the more Noam Chomsky formal linguistics, and then some philosophy of mind and some cognitive psychology. So there was a bit of psychology in there. Do You think you knew what question you were trying to answer as a human?


I Was really intrigued by some books at that time. don don't know if you've ever seen Doug Hofstadter's books like good old Escher Bach. He is kind of one of these physicists who integrates physics with music and other things. it was a time when the cognitive revolution in psychology was coming together with early artificial intelligence. Artificial intelligence was really promising then. And then kind of had a hiatus for about 30 years. And now kabam it's back. It's so exciting now. It's changing every six months. It's hard to keep up with. Okay. So, but when we get to U of M, we now must focus more specifically on a chosen field. I'm presuming I wanted to go to the U of M.


We were talking about Michigan at first when I was a college student, the poster on my wall was always Bob Dylan. and I was kind of seduced by a combination of Bob Dylan and Garrison Kaler to think that the Midwest was this mystical, magical, honest, ah, fountain of good Minnesota might still be, but not the rest of it. Where Garrison Keeler was, maybe, Yeah. I had grown kind of sick of New England and the Ivy League experience at least that I had of being sort of a fish out of water. So I thought, oh, let me go to a big first rate. But state land grant college in the Midwest and see the real American experience basically.


Yeah. Yeah. No heirs At Brown. There were a lot of kids who went by the name like Fleetwood or Che. Ah. But then you would say, what's Che's real name? And it's like, oh, it's Franklin Roosevelt. Cabot Lodge the third. So Michigan was fun when I first got there. I remember I would say, where are you from? And they'd say, I'm from the thumb. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Oh, the mitten. They hold up the Mitten. And I was just enchanted by the place for probably a year after having gone to four or five different colleges in four years. My feet were always moving. And now I realize I was supposed to stay there for four more years in a relatively small Ann Arbor's. Tiny. Yeah. It's got a lot of richness. And some of the most interesting people I've ever met at the hotel where I'm staying, the lobbyist decorated with the paintings of a girl that I used to babysit for.


No way. Really? Yeah. Oh wow. Her name is Coac. She's an internationally known artist, but I had never walked into a boutique hotel and seen her paintings in the lobby. Wow. Are you staying at Carra? Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Her artist's name is Coac and I. Think it stands for Kristen Olson Artist company because her name is Kristen Olson. I like That. I go there all the time. and I have noticed that the art there is incredible. Oh, so that's So funny. Independently you saw that. Yeah. In fact, I think I asked the manager like, can I buy some of this? And oh, He said, you can't afford it. Yeah. They said, we'll get back to you. And then they never do. She's great because her stuff sells at the best galleries in Paris. But she always puts out limited edition print things so that everyone can participate in her Art.


Yeah. Us losers one Way or the other, you know? That's so cool. Yeah. So did you leave U of M with a PhD in psychology? Yeah, It was in social psychology. Right. And social psychology is kind of a catchall for the areas of psychology that aren't about rats and pigeons or blinking. The really micro processes tend to be called cognitive psychology. And then even a lot of cognition falls under social psychology because it's the study of the messier side of the brain, How it's interfacing with society and everything. It's like the inter instead of inner look at psychology. Exactly. It's the interpersonal. That was sort of the classic definition.


I often call myself when I'm get on a plane or something, I say, I'm a behavioral scientist that Shuts 'em up. Yeah. Well I used to say I'm a psychologist, but not the type that helps people. Oh, there you go. That kind of sets a bad tone. So Where you've landed though, and what you're doing currently at Columbia, if I am right about this, is you're doing an interdisciplinary approach, right? You're now doing cultural psychology, which is a fusion of anthropology in psychology. Yeah. Which again, seems very obvious, right? Duh. Of course, Yeah. In hindsight, it's sometimes hard to explain to people why the contributions that I made early in my career were contributions. 'cause they seemed completely obvious and they're just kind of in the air now.


Young graduate students are like, you discovered that there was a time when people didn't know that. Yeah. Yeah. What did people assume then? Yeah. And will you brag for a second and tell me some of the things you were working on that at the time were novel and proprietary that are now kind of standard? So what happened to me was that the only colleges that were interested in me were really quirky places like Reed College interviewed me, but then once they met me, I was too quirky for them. And then weirdly, I got a request from the Northwestern Business School, would you apply for our job? Because we heard about your paper with somebody. And so I applied for that job. They really liked me. It went well. And then the next week, Stanford and University of Chicago emailed me, would you apply for our job?


I didn't think any of these places would hire me because I didn't know anything about business. I was kind of a hippie, even relative to the other psychologists. But then I got job offers from all these business schools. So I was like, I guess the world is telling me that the sort of innovative twist on psychology that I'm doing might find a larger audience in the business school world. I saw you had Mike Norton on your show. Yeah. And he's a similar story to me. Yeah. He didn't understand why he ended up, yeah. Ray Harvard At Harvard, a quirky guy. His explanation was that he knew how to run human experiments. And all these businesses and corporations are dying to figure out what makes their employees work better. Yep. But along the way, what were some of the things, I guess I'm looking for a couple steps before we land on tribalism.


One Of the areas that I was surrounded by when I was studying psychology was the study of biases in social judgment. So social judgment is this everyday sense making. We walk down the street, we see a person yelling at a car, and then we have to make sense of it. Did the driver do something wrong? Is the person schizophrenic? Are they just having a bad day? And it spillover from that. One of the biggest principles in social psychology, it was called the fundamental attribution error, was this idea that we get personal about things that are all about the situation. So we meet someone in a library, we jump to the conclusion they're introverted because they're speaking softly.


We don't take into account it's a library. My favorite example of this is Dave Chappelle, the comedian. We love him. He's like on Sesame Street. Everyone is so quick to say, Oscar is a grouch. He's the poorest Muppet on Sesame Street. He lives in a garbage can take into account his situation. you know? But that's how we like to think grouch. So that was certainly a true thing about Western societies where most of the research was done. But I was living in a household of all people Freshly arrived from China. And it was a time, a lot of ferment because tenement square had happened. And so there was a lot of comparing notes where I would say to me, it looks like this happened. And they'd be like, no, this happened even 10 minutes square. I saw it as some courageous student leaders inspiring the rest of the country to come.


They were like, no, it happened by accident. You know, there were a few people doing a hunger strike that happened to correspond with the end of the school year. And then so many more people arrived. And I'm friends with some of the student leaders who live in New York. They concur with that, that they are accidental heroes. Wow. They didn't know what was going on either. But in any case, we kept finding that, whether we were talking about what happened at the party we went to together, or what happened in the news, that their worldview, their social interpretation was different from mine. Mine was more the fundamental attribution error, which is if somebody wins a prize, oh, they're a genius. Or if somebody screws up, oh, they're irresponsible. And they were always like, well, because their parents supported them, they won the prize.


Or because the manager wasn't a good mentor. That's why the employee screwed up. They were always explaining things with regard to the collective. you know, at first I thought they were just more polite, but then I realized that they were doing it even when it wasn't polite. And so I was working with a guy from China named Ing Pen, who currently has the most popular podcast in China. Oh, he does? He's He's gone on to do that. He Probably dwarfs Rogan. 'cause he is got a billion people probably Choose from. Of course. He probably is the most popular podcast in the world. He has the most popular podcast in China. Can I ask a quick question? Yeah. Was he as fascinated with you as you were with him? Because I think therein lies the absolute fun of being around different things and different people.


He and I are a lot alike. We're both creative people who race through different associations. But when I would tell him about my people, he thought it was bizarre. And when he would tell me about his people, I thought it was bizarre. And he and I were kind of misfits in our own societies, like most professors are. And so we worked together, and then we had to come up with ways to test this idea that the go-to social bias in Western culture is different than the go-to social bias in Chinese culture. Right. It's not a human bias. It's a cultural bias. Right. And before, that's how it was described. it was called the psychology of human inference, human social biases. and I thought, okay, this bias has a lot to do with individualism. Yeah. This pressure to think of each individual as a island, character's destiny, Whatever thing they accomplishes, there's entirely whatever failures.


There's entirely. Right. Like in Japan, when somebody invents something that makes billions of dollars for their company, they get like a $300 bonus. Right, Right. Nice watch. Yeah. And here, the intellectual property regime, it's all about the individual inventor. And. we kind of ignore that they were standing on the shoulders of giants. We just kind of reduced the messiness of reality to a simple narrative about great men and great women. Yeah. Do You think that's a western obsession with celebrity? It's definitely related, but I think it shows up. Even like in classical Chinese painting, more often. It's a view from a distance of a group of people with us. It's like main character. Yeah. We were trying to figure out how we could, in a culture fair way, test that the biases were different.


And so one of the things we did that made a big splash was we made cartoons with like a really early animation program for Max. And some of the cartoons were physical objects, like a soccer ball rolling across a field, hitting another soccer Ballin. Then some of the cartoons were animals. And. we eventually settled on fish. So we would have an individual fish like over here on the left, and then a group of fish and they would swim. So the individual is swimming in front of the group. And then we would ask, why did the blue fish over here move And? that was just the open-ended question. And Americans would tend to say things like he decided he wanted to explore. He probably always, yeah. Or even if it was it, it's the leader. And they're all following The Chinese people saw either the group is expelling a member, or the group is chasing a member.


It's like, which is the cause? And which is the effect. And Americans kind of defaulted to the individual is the cause and China as the effect. Because it was something that when Americans see it, they can't really see it any other way. Right. And then Chinese people will be like, no, it's plainly influenced from the group In some objective way. They're weirdly, objectively correct. Like the notion that you would focus on the singular and not the group is just numerically kind of funny. Yeah. Because I would too. I'd be like, what's this motherfucker up to? He's gonna show them where some cod is or something. Right. I think that helped at different times in the past, work on culture was considered to be not politically correct in leftist Marxist sociology circles.


Because the idea was everything is caused by social class and culture is an illusion. But because we were pointing out a cultural difference where the East Asians looked smarter than the Westerners, it was more palatable. 'cause a lot of the previous stuff would be like, Westerners are linear, cognitive anthropologists would be like this peasant group in the mountains of Uzbekistan. They don't have logic. They have a web-based mentality, or Right. A holistic mentality. And, that could easily read as dismissive The leftist progressive North Star is that we're all the same, maybe. Yep. And then a history of anytime we delineated differences, it was generally with the goal of subjugating.


One of those groups we figured was inferior to us. So it's like some pushback to the history. but Yeah, it's insane to me that we're not allowed to point out these incredible differences. They're so fascinating. I've Always been interested as a former distance runner of like the preponderance of world class marathoners that come from particular groups, in particular regions of Kenya who live at high altitude, but like not from Tibet. And then I learned that these groups all have different local biological adaptations to living with lower oxygen, but they have different ones. And then there's a cultural component on top of that. Right. Of course, they grow up running 10 miles to go to school. Yeah. And 10 miles back, which is the optimal way to train in childhood, rather than racing all the time.


Yeah. Which can give you injuries. And by the way, it's worthwhile because I think We do have aspirational goals as a group, as a culture, as a everything. And it's worthwhile to see how other people do things and what the outcome of it is. It's like there's a very pragmatic outcome of figuring out what we're all doing differently and what are the results of those different approaches. It's just negative if America or the West is centered. It just has to be America does this China, you know, it's not like, so they're different. It's like we're all different. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's where I think things get a little People push back. Exactly. You studied anthropology. So the field of anthropology has had an extended crisis over that. The classic early anthropologists, mostly from Europe, were funded by their government as part of the colonialist project.


Please go document these people. And if you don't mind, please emphasize the need for Western missionaries, armies, and hospitals, you know? Yeah. and I don't think anthropologists, they certainly were not deliberately trying to exploit the people they studied, but they just weren't politically aware in the old days. And they slipped into language contrasting European civilization with non-Western tribes. And Using the word primitive a lot. Yes. Is problematic. There were societies in Central America and South America that were equal to most European societies at the time, in terms of scale, in terms of their mathematics, in terms of their astronomy. And there were in Africa as well. But the Western anthropologists didn't always see that.


If you want to go down that road, guns, germs, and Steels is a great ride through that history. It's an amazing book. One of the books that was sort of a model for me in trying to write a book that is a serious intellectual book, but also readable. You've accomplished that, by the way. Your book is really, really fun. it was very Gladwell esque. Oh, Well, Thank You Malcolm is a friend of mine. And I've always admired the Tipping Point as a wonderful book that just gives ideas the power of action. you know, it's like reading a detective novel. Well, you have a parallel story in your book, weirdly. The Korean soccer team. Yeah. Which we'll talk about. And Korean air is chapter on Korean air. Yeah. And crazily enough, virtually the exact same situation and solution. Kind of fascinating. Yeah. So you did that. You did these, the phish test that Landed as basically, there are different biases that come from different cognitive frames being in the foreground as a function of your culture and the idea of culture as a constellation of cognitive frameworks that guide people's sense making and thinking.


And so then people just sort of accept it, that there's the Eastern worldview that carries with it certain biases and the Western worldview that carries with it certain biases. And that's how I got hired by Stanford and how I got early notoriety in the field. And then I wanted to understand better. 'cause I hadn't spent significant time in China. And so I took a couple years and spent most of the year at universities in Hong Kong where I taught and I conducted research with local scholars who are also interested in cultural comparison. How affected was that data set by being under English rules? It almost feels like it potentially could be a hybrid. It is.


But when you're doing these natural experiments, when you're doing these comparisons, you sometimes want that. At the time I was studying differences in conflict resolution and dispute resolution preferences. Like why do Americans always want to go to court? And why do people in East Asian cultures tend to use a mediator or just negotiate it again, their approach seems a little wiser, you know, like a little more practical than ours. So I wanted a place that was roughly equal to say, New York or San Francisco in wealth in sort of population density. And having a legal system, which was the sort of western adjudicatory legal system. So that if I still observed differences in people's preferences, that it wasn't coming from the social structure being different.


Like if it was in rural China. Sure. They use a mediator because there's no other option. There's no other option. It Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're getting to see people decide, but your concern Is still a very legitimate one because you might say, okay, they're not using the legal system because it's this funny English tradition where people would wear the wigs. You know, that would turn me out of a courtroom. It's so weird. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's different. No, you're allowed to make fun of white people Oh. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's weird. It's fucking ridiculous. It's preposterous. When people in costume, what Is the point of that? Is it so that everyone kind of looks the same? What is that? Isn't there a lice origin to it? I don't know where it comes from. Maybe in the time of the Revolutionary War, I think Thomas Jefferson and all those people wore wigs, like it was a fashion thing.


But I think it's preserved in the courtroom because they want to get the procedure exactly the same every time, so that even if the outcome doesn't turn out right for someone, people will say, well, at least the procedure was followed. And so that's why it's always a wooden mallet. It's always a black robe. It's always in England, a white, it sort of preserved an amber. Interesting. Because of this need for constant procedure, huh? Yes. Yes. I do think there's a lice background to it, though. We'll do it for fact check. Rob earmarked that. I do think there was some kind of health reason why they were all wearing wigs in the chambers. But regardless, don don't think the lice could jump through the wig or some shit. don don't know. We'll find out. And then what did you find there? That was around the time when the opposing worldviews theory was finally accepted, and I could retire on that.


That was fine. But then my day-to-Day life in Hong Kong completely overturned that for me, because I would walk into campus every day, and I would see the students from the universities that I taught at there. And they would be walking in little groups on the sidewalk, chatting softly in Cantonese, greeting other people formally making way. If an elder person was coming on the sidewalk being very well mannered, and then they would cross the gate onto the campus. The campus is a western space in Hong Kong, and classes are in English on most of the campuses, because it's a multicultural society. A lot of the workplaces and the schools are in English, but people live in purely Chinese neighborhoods with purely Chinese families.


So people span these two worlds every day. And what I would observe was that when they would cross the campus gate, suddenly the group conversation would switch into English without missing a beat mid-sentence. Wow. Switch into English. And then people would be laughing louder. They would be, huh? Standing a little bit different. you know, high fiving friends, tall, Popping. And at the time, I was struggling to learn the most basic rudiments of Chinese and Chinese social customs. Never even learned my own culture. you Know, learning a second culture, you rejecting yours, and then tried to pick up this one. So I was constantly offending people and you know, sort of stepping in it.


And they were just without any seeming effort or even awareness switching from fluent Chinese behavior to fluent western behavior. And so that made me think that we don't have these stable worldviews, but these cognitive frames are situationally triggered. And so I started doing research on what we call code switching now. Yeah. Yes. Like a popular culture. And in research, we often called it frame switching And. we would run all these experiments where we would have the same experiment, like an experiment with the fish Rach test, or an experiment where you have to say how you would resolve a conflict. And. we would either run the session in Cantonese or an English with Hong Kong students, and they would make different choices when they were operating in Cantonese.


'cause it would just bring all their Chinese frames to the foreground compared to when they were answering in English. And even we would put like a poster in the back of the wall of Mickey Mouse or of a Chinese dragon. So even these iconic images were triggers, or the architecture, or a Western vase or a Chinese vase. So things that are touchstones of the culture. Bring it to the surface. You yourself, as the participant, don't feel those switches per se. You don't feel yourself code switching. I don't think we're very aware of it. I think we think in our narrative self, we're the same person moving through all these situations, but we're not, I think the first times you do it, which you know, for someone who's African American and having to know how to behave on the street and know how to behave in school, they're learning this stuff by the time they're six years old, then it's automatic.


Yeah. Like any habit, it saves attention for other things. I think it became a celebrated pop cultural thing when Obama was president and Key and Peele. Yes. Just dined out on it for years. All these funny things about Obama, but also things just with each other where they, they kind of trigger each other. Yeah. Or his angry interpreter. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It's so funny. But also, that's really funny. It circles back to what you said at the very beginning of this episode. You were like, I'm triggered by people who are triggered with words. Oh. And this example is like, language is so important. It informs the way we literally see the world and make decisions.


So it is important. Yeah. You're transferring thoughts. That's the magic of language, right? It's like this impossible thing that I'm gonna take what's in my brain and give it to you to experience through this medium of language. For me, it's like it's okay to be sensitive because there's a ton of meaning behind language. Like more than we know for sure. Yeah. Which Is interesting. My issue with swearing is a class warfare hierarchical thing. But. yes. I accept it fully. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by BetterHelp. Spooky season has officially begun And. we love it. It's Happening already. Planning the hayride. You are adding a hamburger truck to the mix this year. Oh My gosh. Exciting. Gotta every year get bigger and better. Oh, I really gotta plan my costume. Get on it. Okay. Halloween lets us have fun with what scares us. But what about those fears that don't involve zombies? And ghosts Therapy is a great tool for facing your fears and finding ways to overcome them. Because sometimes the scariest thing is not facing our fears in the first place and holding ourselves back. I had therapy last week and she's just so good. She really put something into perspective in a way that I was really unable. I would've never been able to see it. That You would've come do it online on My own. No, Never. If you're thinking of starting therapy, try BetterHelp. It's all online. So you can have a therapy session from the comfort of your home at a time that's convenient for you. It's quick and easy to get started. And if your therapist isn't the right match for you, you can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Overcome your fears with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HE p.com/dax.


We are supported by Squarespace. Whether you're just starting out or managing a growing brand, Squarespace makes it easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience, and sell anything from products to content, to time all in one place, all on your terms. That's why they call Squarespace the All in One website platform for entrepreneurs to stand standout and succeed online. Now listen, we put our money where our mouth is. We have a beautiful website that WBE wob designed on Squarespace. It's gorgeous, it's user Friendly. Couldn't be better. If you're not sure where to start. Squarespace has your back Use Squarespace Blueprint to choose from professionally curated layout and styling options to build your unique online presence from the ground up. And once you've gotten started, keep it going with Squarespace ai, which can help you generate instant personalized results that know and show your brand identity. Check out Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dax to get started today.


If, you love iPhone. You'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple. Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval savings is available to Apple Card owners subject to eligibility, Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


Language is really tricky because it's both something that gets triggered like in code switching of a politician in front of a different audience. But then it's also triggering if I get a phone call at work from a high school friend, I start behaving in a way that my colleagues don't recognize because I'm back to that small town high school experience. Yeah. Yeah. In the past decade or so, most of my work has been about cultural complexity and how people negotiate it, and the variety of situational things that are triggers for different layers of culture. And then also how culture changes, how people learn new cultures throughout their lifespan, and how collectively a culture will shift.


I'm sort of fascinated by just the inflection points. Like we're all old enough to remember when they was not a pronoun for one person. Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's really only been the last five years or So. yeah. That very effectively the L-G-B-T-Q community and its allies have, not by coercion, but just insisting that we would prefer that everyone do this. It would be considerate. And now if you don't do it, you're considered to be obstinate, you know? Right, exactly. And so I was noticing that this town is still called Los Fearless by most people. Yeah. But I suspect that in the next decade it will become Los Feliz and not because it's becoming more Hispanic, because it's becoming more hipster.


I mean, it must have started out as Los Feliz. I don't know how it changed. Yeah, Yeah. Over time. It's certainly not spelled Losis. Exactly. She Should. Oh, that's obvious. I was asking my friend last night, she said something like, people switch into Los Felise in December because Felise Navida is like, It's on much front of their mind. So it's so it's kind of on the bubble now. The convention could switch. I'll move when they start calling it Los Phil, I'll be like, okay, I aged out. I gotta move now. Hi. You can just call I know. It's unclear whether it's pretentious or authentic. That's The fine line. I'm always quick to assume it's pretense. That's my own baggage. Except you also do call it orang, gaan and neander all well, because That's what it's, yeah, So.


yeah. I say both of those wrong. you know, Me too. Because I feel like it's pretentious to call it the proper way. But really we should probably just be calling everything the proper thing. We Should make an effort. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. Okay. So now we land at your book. Sorry, that was a long walk, but I enjoyed the hell out of it. I've often expected questions about my research past, but I've never gotten them before. So it was fun. it was fun to finally tell someone about it. Okay. So the book is called Tribal, but tribalism in general has become really popular. I think as a result, we'd agree in the polarization of the country over the last 10 years. and I think a lot of social scientists have tried to step in to help us understand what's really going on.


and I think there's been some interesting political debates where there are really figuring out, they're arguing about identity. They're not these issues that seem to be the issues they're arguing about. So I think it's gotten popular, but I think in its popularization, your book at least would warn, is it's kind of a limited explanation of tribalism, And, that there's more to it, And. It's not just this negative thing. and I think I use it quite often that way in group outgroup us them, that these are problematic. But your book has got kind of an optimistic point of view, and it's saying, sure, all that stuff's true, but it's also the catalyst in the fuel behind everything. Great. We do too. Yes. And. it is a mutable, malleable force.


I started writing this book because I had done this research, and I've taught at Stanford Business School, at Columbia Business School and various business schools around the world for shorter visits. And so I've kind of developed a toolkit of how my knowledge of how culture changes and how culture can be triggered is useful for leaders or managers or teachers, parents, anyone who's trying to motivate and orchestrate other people, sort of leading them through their culture. So I've been teaching that for decades. and I started writing a book. Okay, I'm just gonna write about that. And then while I was writing over the last five years was meant to be one year, but it took five years.


Tribalism became this meme. It started with the pundits. Like Tom Friedman wrote a very influential article saying, we've caught a virus of tribalism from our Middle East adventurers, and now we regard the opposite party as a mortal enemy who must be defeated instead of as a fellow citizen. It's like we've descended into tribalism. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Tom kind of made it sound like encephalitis. We caught And, we caught it from the Middle East. But then Andrew Sullivan wrote this piece where he said, A deeply buried evolved drive has resurfaced in our moment to create blind allegiance and hate and distrust for outsiders, and to blur our view of reality. And that was in the wake of Trump being elected.


Yeah. and I think a lot of people felt that way. Like what bomb went off to cause this world that we're in. Then more people picked it up sometimes. Now it has been called toxic tribalism. Your Book introduced me to that term. I hadn't heard that yet. But of course, that's so natural because People say it's killed a lot of people because Republicans didn't want to take Biden's vaccine and, and political violence killed people. So this trope of toxic tribalism, I think is quite dangerous because it's despairing at worst. It's fatalistic doom saying, I've even seen in several of these articles, like The Genie has gotten out of the bottle and there's no way to put it back in again. And I'm like, okay, is this metaphor really helpful?


Yeah. For thinking about policies that might ameliorate the situation. It makes for interesting journalism. It makes for good speeches. Politicians have picked it up. But I think it's a little bit fatalistic. It doesn't show the way to manage or to lead people out of problematic ways of thinking. I, as someone who's been studying this thing for decades and reading, I read a lot of the evolutionary anthropologists. There's a guy at UCLA, Robert Boyd, I don't know if you had any contact with him, but if they had Nobel Prizes in anthropology, he would get it. He's probably done the most important work in the past 30 decades to build these models of cultural evolution. And they're really mathematical models and their by analogy to biological evolution.


And so I've tried to incorporate everything that's been learned in that field with everything that's been learned from the experimental psychology that I do. and I think that we have a real toolkit that we can use to manage in the short term, which cultural identities are affecting a group of people that we're a part of or affecting ourselves. And then to manage over the longer term to guide the evolution. Evolution will happen organically, but we can also guide it by giving experiences to a group that will affect them and will update their preconceptions about things. So. yeah. The book started as really just sharing what I teach. It has taken on a different agenda, which is trying to counter this meme or this trope that I think has led to a sort of cynical, despairing attitude towards, yeah.


The crises in the world. Or Maybe, yeah, in worst case, it would be apathy and acceptance. Yeah. This kind of resolution of like, we can't do anything. We're wired this way. We're wired to hate. It's like, that's not the main story of the human race. I mean, mean there was a species like that. It's called Neanderthals. They went extinct because there was this other species that was mostly about community, and that's our species. It's kind of not a fair picture. The Tribal instincts evolved for solidarity and collaboration. They didn't evolve for hostility. The hostility is just a byproduct of a chain of things that happens sometimes. Context dependent. Yeah. Occasionally the ingroup bumps up against the outgroup in a manner where that altercation is inevitable.


But more often what you're seeing is the group just kind of expand and invite more and more people into the ingroup Groups expand. And that's the arc of human civilization from kingdoms to nations, to empires to the un, to the internet. It's larger and larger, more and more inclusive networks. Even in this dismal current state of affairs, there is a silver lining in that. Minimally, 150 million people agree on one thing, and then 150 million people agree on another thing. Those are pretty big numbers. Like that's a pretty fucking big ingroup. Yeah. Even though it sucks that that's the case. Well, and actually most people all agree on the same thing. There's just a few people who don't agree.


Right, Right. We misperceive the other faction as though everyone in the faction holds the most extreme beliefs in the faction. Exactly. Your average liberal Republican and your average moderate Democrat don't differ. Yeah. And that's most people. You have a fun, personal anecdotal situation that I would imagine also drives you to write this book, which is you were involved in the Hillary campaign in some capacity, and you were at the Jarvi Center when the world ended for all Democrats. It's on the far west side of New York. It's a building with a very distinctive glass ceiling. So the Hillary campaign chose it as their site to celebrate this historic God victory And.


it is something fitting of the accomplishment that was inevitable. There were many other celebrations in New York and elsewhere that all ended in this sort of fiasco, like way But. everyone there was so convinced that victory was inevitable. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. We gathered in our living room for a celebratory viewing of what we already knew was coming. Yeah. And it was just one of those moments where, what did somebody take over CNN and you know, broadcast, did CNN get hacked? Exactly. it was so hard to reconcile. Really. We're not that polarized now, But you end up in an Uber. I think this is really Fascinating. Oh. yeah. So I, I, I was there and I was with some people that I had been working with. I just felt my mood shifting towards rage.


Yep. And so I Know enough about myself better to be out of a crowded room when I might start arguing with somebody. So I sort of wound my way out through layers and layers and layers of gathered crowds, all of whom were dazed and stupefied by things. And then I couldn't find a cab, and there's not a subway around there. And so I'm walking for blocks, and then finally I get an Uber pool that's available, and I'm like, sure, okay, I'll take anything. and I hop in this 30 ish woman, pearls, nice silk dress, flashes me a big smile. and I'm like, oh, what a nice person. you know, I didn't consciously register, but it was the first smile I had seen in hours.


And then she trilled or you coming from the event and I was like at the Javit Center, and she said, no, at the Midtown Hilton. Then I remembered that Trump, who also lives in New York That's right. Was also having an event not too many blocks away. Uber should have been aware to separate this Fight in the back of this thing. So Then I'm sharing a ride with her, even though we are not sharing realities. 'cause at first, I was like one of them. And then I was so curious. I was like, were people at your event surprised by the outcome? Yeah. Yeah. Great question. She's like, not at all, because everyone hates her. And he's been surging in the Midwest. And she had knowledge that I had been completely unaware of.


Yes. About Michigan, for example, and about some other places. you know, I had been working in the campaign as part of this group of social scientists who kind of advised campaigns. It just started my process of realizing I am not seeing reality in its complexity. I've been pulled into a conformist process of getting my news from websites of people who agree with me. Yeah. And then checking my understanding with people who completely agree with me, and then becoming more and more confident in my worldview That they weren't shocked. Is agree, really telling. I agree. It's a cool observation. I think the Reason for it is, and there's a lot of research evidence showing this, that both the right and the left think that their views are just reflections of reality.


Yes. Whereas the other side is in the grip of some distorted ideolog. Yeah. Fox News or C pick your side. And so because of that, we each think the center agrees with us because of that. Even when the polls are close, we're like, well, but surely the independence will come our way. And both sides believe that. And that's why there's a lot of election night surprises increasingly, you know, not just in this country, but in other countries where groups really are shocked. And then the surprise turns into election denial. And that's the danger of it. And you're fair enough to say, we did it too. The left did it in Georgia, the right. Did it nationally. Yeah. You can get a little sympathetic to it because it's their reality.


I was just watching last night, 60 Minutes did a thing on Sunday about the January 6th. People that are in prison, some of the ones that were prosecuted not in there, have this gentleman talking who participated. And he said, well, you have to understand, we weren't overthrowing the government, we were saving it. The election had been stolen. It wasn't a Democratic election. And you're like, wow, I don't have that opinion, but I get it. You're not overthrowing, you're protecting the government. If there was a huge fraud, you have to get in there and restore it. It's not let's overthrow it, make it something new. So it's just, yeah, your perspective and what you believe. And yes, if you do believe it was fraudulent, like we believed in Georgia, you're pretty much willing to do some stuff. I don't wanna sound like Donald Trump, but I think there were very well-intentioned people who were part of that.


And then there were just fun-loving people. it was just like a rowdy thing to be a part of. Yeah. There were bozos and ddus that would've been at like a free Popsicle giveaway. And then there were some people that really thought they had witnessed something that had never happened in our history. True patriots. They saw themselves as like the Boston Tea Party colonists who were defying the law. It's just really, really important to minimally as an act of good faith or goodwill grant people that they're sincere about what they're saying. I think that's minimally what we have to do. It's very favorable for both sides to go like they were lied to. That's why they think that they're misinformed, they're dumb, or it's not really that it's bullshit. They're really trying to destroy, it's like just grant each other.


The notion that we're trying to make things better. Tribalism Is often an accusation, like they're being irrational. They're being primitive, they're being emotion driven. But I think we should honor the intention of the other side because the intention is often symmetrical to our own intention. right. now, at my campus, we had a situation where the political protests, which started out as something I was proud of, the people on both sides. I was proud of my Israeli students and colleagues for speaking up and expressing grief and educating people about the situation. and I was proud of the sort of anti genocide coalition, which is a very inclusive coalition. It's very small percentage of people are Palestinian, and there's probably more Jews than Palestinians on that side, right?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it escalated in part because both sides were co-opted by outside groups that were more extreme, that had different agendas. And there were certain triggers, the kinds of things I write about in the book, like symbols and ceremonies, which are situational triggers that bring extra layers of cultural thinking that sometimes get in the way of critical thinking. And so lots of stupid things were said, but these are 19 year olds. We shouldn't expect Gandian discipline. Yeah, exactly. They were taking a math class the day before. They don't do this for a living. They had like a pimple that they were thinking of not going to class over. Yeah, yeah, Yeah.


So I think there were arrests and procedures and I think it's quite appropriate to scare them, but I, I don't think that we should be all that punitive in a long-term way. Some of my colleagues really disagree, but we are proud of what happened at Columbia during the Vietnam War. And. we are proud of what happened at Columbia during the apartheid years, which was sort of like my years in college. Columbia was the first campus to have shanties and protests And. it spread throughout the country. And when Mandela was released a few years later, that was one of the factors cited that it had spread internationally. Did You happen to read the, it was a New York Times article that I really loved, and I ended up reading the person's book and then we had them on even.


But the framing of that college situation was laid out like this, forget about left and right being a battle between the issues and think of it much more as two different worldviews. The left being the world is a battle between the oppressed and the oppressors. And, we must protect the oppressed, very legitimate point of view. And then for the conservatives, the worldview is life is a battle between barbarism and civilization. Also very true and very legitimate. You can see countries without law and a functioning judiciary, we know what the outcome is. These are both really defendable points, and they were materialized so perfectly on that campus.


and I think, my frustration is that, and this funnels into tribalism, is there has to be a winner in that there has to be the right or the wrong, the good or the bad, the evil or the protectors don don't know. Those both seem like pretty valid points of view to be expressing. Exactly. And there are campuses where you had a kind of dialectic, where you had a negotiation involving both groups and the administration. Rutgers, for example, was one of them. Northwestern was another. But Rutgers was interesting because the leadership at Rutgers said like, well, if this is an opportunity to make Rutgers better, if Rutgers can learn something from this crisis, we should. And so that was a very face saving way to say, okay, some of the demands from the anti genocide coalition, like hire more professors who have a knowledge of Palestinian and Arab issues.


Another issue I thought was really interesting in terms of tribalism, they said we want parody in terms of the flags that are flown on campus. Because apparently there were some centers at Rutgers that flew Israeli flags and there was no place that flew a Palestinian flag. And so that is interesting thing for Rutgers to learn, right? That symbolic parody in a public space. And it's a state university. And so I think they took the right attitude and there were many demands that they did not aede to like, right? We will divest from companies that do business with Israel And. we will drop our partnerships with Israel. So the Book starts out very fun. Again, I'm gonna parallel it with the Korean air chapter in the Gladwell book.


You start with, south Korea's gonna host the 2002 World Cup. And they have been abysmal up to this point. They've been really terrible at soccer as a nation Lately. They've been, Oh, okay, okay. I'm not being fair. They kind Of won the World Cup co-hosted with Japan arch rival in the mid nineties when they were riding high. They sort of clawed their way up throughout the 20th century through colonialism and, and war and political turmoil. And then kind of emerged as this successful economy in the nineties moving into the elite tier of nations. Their soccer team. The Reds was a regional power. it was like winning the Asia Cup. They got to be host nation. And then the Asia crisis came in like 1998 and not only did their economy tank, but they had to get embarrassing bailouts from the IMF.


And they were accused of crony capitalism. And it was a lot of patronizing language by the international institutions. So it was a really humiliating moment. And their team, the Reds, started losing to Kuwait and losing to really tiny countries like 5 0 5. Oh five Oh. yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Like really getting slaughtered. They were the host nation. And it's really embarrassing if you're the host nation and your team is terrible. So the head of the Korean soccer bureaucracy called this soccer coach in the Netherlands who had a mystique for being able to bring out the talent in teams and not just in the Netherlands. He had coached in the Netherlands, but he had brought foreign players to Dutch clubs in a way that people hadn't done before and made it work.


And then he went to Turkey and then he went to Spain and he was able to work his alchemy in all of these places. And Sports is a really fun little microcosm of tribalism because there are these existing pillars of belief, which is the Spanish players were more improvisational. Matador's. Yeah. Matador's, the Dutch Brazilians samba on the field Samba, and he brought a Brazilian up. The Germans have onic discipline and the English are shopkeepers. It's this kind of national character rhetoric that you still hear during the World Cup. The old commentators engage in it, but it makes no sense. 'cause 90% of the year these players are playing in clubs all around the world. Yeah. Intermixed. So the idea that they have a fixed programmed playing style Yeah.


As a function of their nation is something projected. It's a great place to just look because all that stuff is so steeped in tribalism. Yeah. And hitting was someone who was like a pioneer for not believing those things and thinking that the so-called Dutch style of total football could be brought to Spain. And even as Dutch style had been influenced by some Russian, it was Just the Dutch style. 'cause the Dutch made it famous, but it drew from certain things that had been done in England and certain things that had been done in Moscow. And he came to Korea. His first impression was of an ignoramus because he not only didn't know any words of Korean, but he didn't recognize the names of the star players like the Messi or the David Beckham of Korea.


He didn't get their names. And he's not only Dutch, but he's from a rural farming region in the east of the country. So he is really down to earth. It's Like a Ted lasso, literally. That's what this sounds like. Yeah. It's a little bit of a Ted lasso story. I mean, he knew this for it, so that was different. But he's a fish out of water. His particular bias, which is this kind of down to earth, egalitarian, no formality bias, was in some ways exactly what the Korean team needed because the Korean team had certain habits of play that were in fact influenced by the hierarchical nature. Like in the Korean language, if I'm addressing you, and you're older than me, obviously you're way younger than me, but I have to say something like San in Japanese that acknowledges that you are my senior and hitting observed early on.


He's like, what are they saying on the field? And the coach would give him a little translation. So they were using these honorific decension when asking somebody to pass to them, And they were playing in their hierarchy. So if they had an open shot and they were a rookie, they would pass it to a veteran, not a deference, and they'd lose the shot. Or they would be shining the shoes of the veterans if they were a rookie. Or they would make a loud noise to warn a veteran. They're about to score on like, oh boy, all this stuff that was getting in the way of victory as the game is currently played. don Don't know whether hitting was aware of what had happened at Korea Airlines a few years before. This was years before Malcolm's book outliers, which I think was like 2006 or something.


But Malcolm talks about something that was in the academic literature that researchers at Boeing discovered that if they looked at all the national flag carrier airlines, and they looked at crash rates with 7 47 class jets, which require equal collaboration of pilot and copilot. Unlike previous jets, the countries with the highest crash rates were not the ones you would expect. They were essentially Taiwan and South Korea. Neither country has particularly bad weather. Neither country is poor. They have a military with an air force where the pilots had equal hours up in the sky. Yeah. They had already lost the right to fly through some airspace, and they were on the verge of losing their right to fly through Canada's airspace.


There was so many accidents. Boeing Even considered redesigning, like having one plane designed for hierarchical cultures and one for egalitarian cultures. The reason they were crashing wasn't their skill level is that the co-pilot's job is to point out the errors of the pilot and vice versa. But when the senior pilot was making an error, the co-pilot would either say some very mitigating statement and not really shine a light on what was going wrong. The structure of pilot and copilot was rendered useless in this hierarchical system. Right. The really chilling evidence is from the transcripts of the black boxes in the cockpit. So these transcripts were published, the conversation would be, the copilot would be saying something like, sir, what about the mountain issue?


And, it would be, stop it. I'm trying to concentrate. And then it would be, sir, we might want to change course. you know, like indirect Knowing they're about to fly directly into a mountain. Right? And then the transcript ends in outliers. The story is told mostly as a story about how cultures differ. But the aspect of the story that to me was the most striking was that Korean air to its credit said, okay, well all pilots speak English because that's the international language of air traffic control. So let's make our official language of the company English. So the cockpit language will be English, didn't have to fire anyone. Maybe they had a few English classes and they haven't crashed since, you know the same people in the same planes.


There's nothing inherent about these Korean individuals that made them prone to this interaction. I think it's One of the most hopeful stories I've ever read in my life. There's a problem of that magnitude that could be figured out and could be solved, is so encouraging. And this soccer one is equally So So. yeah. He did the same thing, that soccer coach. Yeah. He announced all these weird rules for the training camp. One of the rules was no use of honorifics on the field. He rationalized it as need for efficiency. But some of the other rules were, we're gonna hold the first training camp in the United Arab Emirates, not in Korea. And the Korean sports press are not allowed to follow us there and interview you after every scrimmage about your mistakes.


And so these were all justified in terms of efficiency, but you could see, and people at the time could see that he was changing the cultural cues around people. He wasn't telling them to change. He wasn't even telling them how he wanted them to change, but he was creating a situation that made some identities less salient and other identities, more salient And, that helped them learn a more modern tactical system, this total football system. And there were other times when he wanted them to think like Koreans, you know? And then he created a situation that was like intensely Korean. So he is just good at pulling the strings, recognizing that in any player, there are multiple identities and multiple loyalties And, that you can be a puppet master sort of by knowing what situational cues or what experiences will update somebody's assumptions about the group that they're a part of.


I've never met the guy, but I found him to be an unlikely prophet about this. He does, in his interviews, always talk about players are a lot more adaptable than you would think. And he will say, like, I played in many different countries. and I saw that people could change. And so he definitely had some conscious awareness of this. But I think some of it was just he kind of understood how to tweak the situation, tweak the situation, tweak the situation until it jelled. And They got to the semis. And this moment was compared by the media to their end of colonialism and statues were erected. Wow. Like it was as big as it could get in Korea. Yeah. They put up statues of him, they put him on a postage stamp, they named the stadium instead of World Cup Stadium, it became who's hitting stadium.


And then they wanted to make him an honorary citizen, and they couldn't because Korea, like many countries, had a blood standard rather than a soil standard of citizenship. So you had to prove Korean and ethnicity. And so they changed that, which was from time immemorial. And that's regarded as sort of an inflection point in the South Korean identity. A sort of symbolic and literal openness to the world, A level of confidence. Like we can open ourselves to citizens who aren't Korean without being threatened by it. Yeah. We won't lose our identity in this process. Right? Yeah. In some ways you gain identity from it because you regenerate an identity in this generation, which is slightly different and more interesting.


And one idea of authenticity is that the culture can never change. Another idea of authenticity is that it must change And. that if you're doing what was done a generation ago then well, that's a museum piece. That's not the real culture. That's the view of culture that I hold. and I think it's more progressive. So You break up three distinct ways in which Tribal psychology works. The first of which is an instinct to imitate and conform to what most people do. and I think there is one part in here that seemed specifically the people that are nurturing you, I think is really relevant. Like the group that's nurturing you, you'll instinctively conform and imitate them. Yeah. Something that I remember from listening to some of your past podcasts that you talked about is nature versus nurture.


When I was going to school, that was the binary frame. That would always be on day one of a class. You would take the evolutionary psychology class and they would take these other classes. They told you it was nurture. I'm gonna convince you that it's all nature. 99% nature. And then the anthropology class would be the brain is a blank slate. And there's one culture where the women stand up to pee and the men sit down and there's another culture Where, you know, it's almost a major of anomalies. Yeah. Yeah. That's why I like that. Yeah. Yeah. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Dr. Odyssey from a b, C from 9 1 1, executive producer Ryan Murphy comes the splashy new medical drama. Dr. Odyssey starring Joshua Jackson as the charismatic new doctor on board a luxury cruise ship. He and his team navigate high stakes medical emergencies and steamy romantic entanglements, miles from shore. The series also stars Philip Assu, Sean Teal, and Don Johnson as their fearless captain. Come aboard for new episodes of Dr. Odyssey. Thursdays at nine eight Central on A, B, C, and Stream on Hulu.


We are supported by Quince. It's been a busy season of events in travel. We were just in New York filming a bunch of press for the show. And you know, we wanted to make sure our clothes were looking good. Always, always. And that's why I'm thrilled we're partnering with Quince. Quince has all the seasonal must-haves like cashmere sweaters. I love ding ding, ding. European linen shirts. All priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands. And that's because they partner directly with top factories. So they cut out the cost of the middlemen and pass on. The savings to us also Falls a good time to Len your wardrobe. You're moving into a new season. Yeah, I've got a very sexy cashmere sweater from them. Yeah. That I love. And it's just coming up on sweater weather. Get those sweaters. Another cool thing about Quince, they only partner with factories that use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices, which is pretty great. Upgrade your wardrobe with pieces made the last with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


Ryan Reynolds here from MIT Mobile with the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT mobile unlimited premium wireless. How to get 30 30 bid to get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020 bid. Get 15 15, 15, 15, just 15 bucks a month Sold. Give it a try at mit mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only. Taxes and fees, extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes CD detail.


And so what I think has emerged due to, you know, a lot of the great work has been done at UCLA, at this Department of Anthropology and Brain Sciences or whatever, it's like a interdisciplinary department. Human nature is nurture. What we are genetically programmed to do is to learn to just absorb like a sponge from whatever community is nurturing us. And. we are also programmed to teach to the people we are nurturing. And We do that without even knowing that we're doing it. And other social animals are more wired to behave in a specific way. So an ant colony in California is exactly the same as an ant colony in Michigan or in New York.


But strip mall in California is different than a strip mall in Manhattan. Because we are wired to learn from whatever is nurturing us. The culture's differentiated, but within the culture, we still have seamless coordination. We don't have constant collisions because we know to mesh with each other through our shared habits. And that's what I call the peer instinct. And it's sort of the foundation of human culture. And even the earliest humans we're able to collaborate and coordinate, operate together with a shared goal through these common habits, these common understandings in a way that other primates cannot And. that was one big step towards Tribal living. And then the second one, which you guys have mentioned a couple times already, is heroes.


The hero instinct, And, that was a new layer of psychology where if the peer instinct was conformist, you know, doing what's normal. The hero instinct is this drive to do what's normative, to do what is regarded as moral or aesthetic or a valued contribution by the community. Like Exceptional. Yeah. In the book you say emulating someone that is held in high regard. And just like with conformity, there are things that conformity leads us to do that are bad, where we give up our independent thinking, et cetera. But my argument is that most of conformity is good and enables us to do things collectively that we wouldn't otherwise do.


Similarly with the hero instinct, there's the silly kind of emulation. So like when Elizabeth Holmes wore Steve Jobs's black turtlenecks, that didn't help Theranos succeed. And, we see a lot of that in sports where people wanna know what LeBron eats for breakfast. So it can be done, but it operates for the most part in a really dynamic way. Because you know, imagine a sort of farming community where maybe the soil is changing and then a few farmers start planting yams instead of sweet potatoes. I don't even know what the difference between yams. I know they are different and then they sell more crops than the average person. Well, in the next decade, and in the next generation, more people are going to start doing that because they're gonna see, okay, these people have success and status.


And so don don't know if they yams are what caused it. But I suspect that it might be. And so that way you have adaptive cultural change, you know, collective level learning, where the group shifts in the direction of what is working through this hero worship drive. Well, that's why you need this balance of individuality and collectivism. Someone has to be producing the emergent quality. Someone has to be divergent. For us to navigate the changes and adapt The human existence is one where we're constantly feeling conflicted between these different drives that we have. you know, the drive to conform versus the drive to stand out. The third one is some people are surprised that it's the last one to evolve.


'cause it sounds in some ways like the most primitive, which is the ancestor instinct, the drive to perpetuate the ways of the past or the ways of past generations, And, that created tribe level memory. It led to a sort of hanging on of the wisdom of the past so that the wheel didn't have to be reinvented. Every generation and the hero, instinct, energy could go into building on the past rather than just recreating it. We can recognize all of these things in ourselves today. We have this curiosity about founders. Yeah. The founding fathers are deities at this point. Yeah. We learn a little bit about our family history. We see a old photo And, we wanna know about this person. We wanna know, oh, what did that person do for a living? And old family recipes.


you know, we have this inordinate curiosity and this sort of sense that it's the right thing to do to perpetuate and propel these traditions forward. It can lead to sort of blind conservatism, blind traditionalism. But it's also very useful. The way that we're wired is that even things that are not immediately practical, we feel like we should perpetuate And that led to art and other symbolic traditions. You would see, hmm, look, we came into a cave and there's painting on the wall. we don't know who did that. It looks kind of old, but let's learn how to do it and let's do it in our ca. And none of this had any practical value, but it prepared them for things that were practical.


So if you have this routine of sort of learning by rote of things from the past, well then there might be some sort of way of making a spear or way of making a fishing hook that is sort of too complex for you to really understand why it works. But you can still do it because grandma taught you to do it this way and you're gonna do it this way, way. And she looked over your shoulder when doing it and made sure that you did it this way and you're gonna make sure that the next people do it this way. And so this technology that is very useful is being passed on despite people's inability to understand exactly why it's done that way. Right. All three of these things, conformity, status seeking and sentimentality and nostalgia, blind repetition of the past.


They are things that I grew up thinking of as human embarrassments. You know, like aspects of human nature that are holding us back from our rational core. But I've come through studying this stuff for decades to think that these things are actually the distinctive superpower of our species that evolved, that leads us to behave in certain ways that allow for social organization. And they're not completely rational, but rationality doesn't solve every problem. Like global warming is not a problem that rationality will get us out of because behaving in your individual self-interest leads to overconsumption and and not worrying about future generations.


So some of these Tribal logics may have a better chance of changing behavior in the ways that are needed. But of Course they do lead us astray. Right. Is it ashes work that, am I pronouncing it correctly? Yeah, yeah. Where he demonstrated through these experiments, that Was sort of the famous work in the early sixties that added a lot of fuel to this sense of conformity is a danger, which I guess it was in the 1950s. Right? And what he showed is that if you bring a group of people like us together for an eye test and I don't know that you two are actually in cahoots with ash. I'm the only real experimenter, you're fake subjects. The first couple rounds when asked is that blue or green? We all say blue trivial question.


And then after a few questions, you guys start giving the same wrong answer. And then I, as the real subject, rub my eyes, I clean my glasses, I scratch my head. I kind of look at people like are are you guys goofing with me? And then a very high percentage of people in my role start to give the wrong answer along with the majority. The question that social psychologists struggled with for a long time was, are they just paying lip service to that so as not to be ostracized, A sort of conscious conformity that is not so deep. Is their perspective changing? Like, is your answer becoming a frame that when I look at this teal shaded square, I start to see the blue in it?


So they've done some studies in recent years where people are hooked up to an FMRI machine. you know, it's that light bright psychology where you see which part of their brain is activating and the people who conform, they're seeing both the part of the brain that handles social conflict and the amygdala that handles any kind of threat and the part of the brain that handles visual perception beliefs. So there's some belief updating going on. It does seem like there is some top down influence on people's perceptions. Conformity is deep And. it can lead to wrong judgements, especially in these rigged situations. Yeah. Well you do you wonder that when you're evaluating the outgroup, I do this myself, I find myself going, do they really believe that?


Or are they smart enough to go like, well I don't really care, I'm just with this group. It's probably both things. Right? I think the two judgements we make are one, either they're not sincere, they don't believe this, they're just saying it 'cause they're rich and they don't wanna get taxed. Or they actually believe this, which shows that they're so deep into this tea party ideology that they can't see the world clearly anymore. Neither of those is very charitable. Right, right. True. Yeah. When we talk about the hero instinct emulating someone with high regard, pride versus shame is interesting. and I think worth pointing out some of the potholes we step in, which is there's so many experiments at this point that show people behave much differently when they're being observed.


If they're a philanthropist, they're gonna give more. When there's celebrities in the room or there's other philanthropists in the room, if there's a honor system to pay something, they pay one thing. When people are present in a different, when other people are present, or Even if there's a poster on the wall of watching eyes above the honor system, coffee pot people are less likely to cheat. you know, a lot of these mental mechanisms are very trigger happy. So you don't need the full flow peer group watching me taking notes. Even just the hint of eyes. Yeah. Or even just the reminder of the group will cause you to think in terms of the frameworks that you share with that group.


And that's like a reputational driven behavior to preserve our reputation in our group. Yeah. And not always conscious calculation about reputation. Shame is a really interesting emotion. Shame and pride are like a system. And traditionally both Christians and like the psychoanalytic therapists have regarded them as dysfunctional pride goeth before a fall. Or the psychoanalyst always said, shame is paralyzing. It's not a constructive emotion. It leads to all sorts of bad behaviors. And when behavioral scientists started running rigorous studies of all the different social emotions and what their consequences are and doing it across societies, what became very clear is that pride and shame are not about self-consciousness and dysfunction.


They are a system that evolved such that when We do a thing which is valued by our community, we feel pride And, we feel it automatically. Olympic medal winners everywhere. Even in the Paralympics, the blind judo people, they all have the nonverbal expression of pride, which Is just expanded. Yeah. Just Expanded. Which evolutionists say it's a way of calling attention to yourself as opposed to shame where you slump and you try to make yourself invisible. They say that the pride shame system is like a good PR agency in that it broadcasts your successes, And, it hides your failures, You know? And it's kind of designed both to induce you to do the things that will be appreciated and to not do the things that won't be appreciated.


And to make it more obvious when you have done the good thing. And it's not all good, because it also leads you to do things like hide your mistakes and take credit for things beyond what you, so it's not all good. It's not the moral emotion, but it's the ethical emotion in the sense that it's trying to make you appear virtuous and trying to avoid having you appear unvirtuous. I thought there was a neat outcome of this. Yeah. Hunting and gathering group in Africa. Yeah. And what's interesting is And, it makes so much sense, which is if we act differently when we're being observed, and yet we're now gathering in groups that are thousands and tens of thousands in civilizations, you're milling about the world, but you're not actually seeing people that know you.


So that's diminished that power. And it's interesting to see what kind of gods develop in response to that, which is most of these huge civilizations developed all knowing, all seen omnipotent gods to stand in for your group. Whereas a group like the K, they're always with each other. There is no milling about with strangers. So you're actually observed. So their gods are not these all seen, all powerful, all knowing gods. It's a fascinating outcome I think of that. Yeah. You get these nosy gods, these high gods who are both omniscient and awfully concerned with what humans are doing first. you Know, all 8 billion of us. Once you get social scale that allows for anon, you know that I'm doing things where nobody who knows me can see and where I might hurt another person.


It's sort of like the big security camera in the sky. Yeah. That causes us to behave nicely. And outside of religion, We do the same thing with like Santa Claus. He knows if you've been good or bad, you know, And it been watching And, we perpetuate other myths like in public swimming pools when I was growing up, there were signs saying like, if you should have an accident in the pool, a cloud of blue dye will appear. The cloud of blue dye never appears such, You know, technology, If you would've seen it. I once worked where I had to go to pool supply stores because I was doing maintenance for things. And they sell the signs, they don't sell the die. Oh wow. 'cause it doesn't exist, because sweat would've the same reaction. So it's just a myth that we perpetuate to get good behavior. You walk us through how we've, we've evolved to have all these aspects of our tribalism, and then you give great examples of how lots of good comes out of them.


The ending chapter is about this toxic tribalism. So when I'm stuck in my pessimistic view, I don't think this is something that we will ever transcend, don don't think we will remove the vestigial Tribal component from our ingroup outgroup thinking. And then I go, well what would it take? And then I go, well, it'd have to be an outside enemy that was so threatening that we'd get our shit together here. Like I go to, it's gotta be the worst martians. We need the Martians. Yeah. Martians or Russia's really gotta launch an attack or you know, I have only really negative ideas of how we could make this whole country one ingroup. But how do you see it? How are we a little astray in our summation of all this tribalism?


I Think there are very deep trenchant disturbing conflicts in our politics, in our race and ethnic relations and across religious lines. Whether it's people shooting up a synagogue or civil war in Darford, there's a lot of conflict going on. But I think that's true in every generation and probably will be in every generation And. it is the case that most generations think that civilization is unraveling on their watch. Right. And you can read Socrates talking about the youth are no longer studying the way we did. So I think there will always be conflict for sure. I think what's new is the way that people are talking about these conflicts, the toxic tribalism trope, that we are sort of wired to hate outsiders because hostility is a part of all of these conflicts, but they don't start from hostility.


And thinking that they start from a hardwired hostility is not a useful way to think about the conflict that you're in or the conflict that you might wanna try to ameliorate. So I think that there is not just one kind of Tribal thinking gone awry, but there are several varieties of it that come from these different Tribal instincts. The peer instinct, the hero instinct, and the ancestor instinct. In the last chapter, I argue that the red blue rift is largely something that emerges from the peer instinct, from the conformist information processing. And so I call that epistemic tribalism. It's a tribalism of the mind when tribe comes before truth.


And we're seeing the world through the lens of our shared Tribal beliefs rather than reality. But we don't have the metacognition to realize that. So we blame other people for the fact that they disagree with us. And there are steps that can be taken to lower the heat to dial it down. There's a whole industry of red blue bridge groups that has sprung up in the last four or five years. And I think some of them are doing it the right way and some of them are not doing it the right way. So a lot of these groups are called things like, hi from the other side, or Red Blue Encounters or Town versus Gown and I think that's exactly wrong because you're inviting people to an event where they're gonna be paired off with somebody.


Right. And you're basically saying you're gonna be paired off with one of them. There are some evidence that those kinds of interactions actually polarize people. But there's evidence that when we don't know that the person that we're talking to Yeah. Is from the other side. Or even if we know that there are other groups called Make America Dinner Again and Coffee Party USA, open Lands, USA, let's bring bipartisan groups together for dialogue around shared passions that have nothing to do with politics. And that crosscut the two sides. And those are more likely to create a conversation that continues beyond the event. I love coffee and you tell me about a cafe in this neighborhood.


I'm like, well what about next Wednesday? You wanna meet there? So it may seem like an indirect route, but it's a better route than setting up this oppositional thing. Yeah. I've seen some cool experience. There's a few of these out there that I've seen. One is they make them talk about like six topics before they're allowed to launch into they'll get given this divisive topic and the outcomes after they've had to do these five is drastically different than when they start there. The other ones I've seen, they have to build a piece of furniture like Ikea or they have to have some physical project and they're not allowed to talk about anything political till the end. And again, the outcomes of those are drastically different than when you start with that. I'm actually kind of surprised about that because I would think then you'd feel a betrayal.


Oh really? Yeah. That like, but I thought I knew you and I thought we were friends and now I find out that we're actually so different. That would be my instinct. Just like when your parent, I think for people who have family situations where they disagree politically, I think that's really intense. Sure. Than when it's a stranger who you're just like, well I don't know them. So don don't have any investment here For Sure. It's the act of it's us two against this piece of furniture. So like we're an ingroup, No I Know. And then like you're ingroup ingroup in-group and then you hear that they're outgroup. I think what it does is it right sizes, what it means to be an outgroup.


'cause you've just experienced another version where they're an ingroup and now you're questioning the boundaries of ingroup outgroup. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, as you kind of alluded, the research in this area, it's highly variable. Like they haven't quite figured out all of the parameters that matter. And it's related to a longer area of research called the contact hypothesis. Where in what situations, if you bring Israeli kids and Palestinian kids at a summer camp together, will you have attitudes become more accepting as opposed to polarizing And? it requires that they have equal status. It requires that they are working on projects together where they need each other.


There's this concept of the jigsaw puzzle classroom where you can't solve the problem unless each kid contributes their knowledge, but it's fragile. Sometimes the equal status is artificially created And, it is not really believed. Or you start building trust and then somebody says something and then it's like they grew an alien head and you feel betrayed because you thought you knew who they were. So it's a complicated situation, but there are better and worse ways. you know, a lot of, well-intentioned people would think that the best way to create the event is to highlight that it's a red blue dialogue. Yeah, yeah. You know, It's like that's not, the thing to emphasize a Cool point you make is that these three instincts that have evolved, they have evolved specifically to mesh with peers and strangers and to help a group.


So it does seem crazy that they would all of a sudden be completely maladaptive and non-functional. And we're talking about some of like kind of micro examples of how it could happen. But what do you think can happen on more of a scaled up version for us, When we talk about where tribalism goes awry and contributes to group conflicts? I think it goes awry in several different flavors. One is this epistemic tribalism, sort of like living in different cognitive worlds. And there are some things we can do to try to communicate with a person. There's a lot of evidence that if I am, say a liberal environmentalist, and I'm trying to get a few more conservative votes, like when they were working really hard to get Joe Manchin's vote for the Inflation Reduction Act, which is called the Inflation Reduction Act.


But it's the biggest environmentalist law that's ever been passed. Oh Really? Yeah. But it was labeled in a way that was friendly to the people on the margin. Right. Inflation reduction act. And the classical default thing is that your liberal will say, we need to stop global warming because it's an injustice to the poor people who live closer to the ocean or to the future generations. And that's the logic of social justice And. it resonates really well with Democrats, but it doesn't resonate as well with conservatives. Other moral logics resonate better with them, like the rhetoric of sanctity. So if instead the message is we must preserve this God-given earth and prevent the blasphemy of, you know, I may be laying it on too thick 50 and they send clerics to lobby, but the idea is work with the symbols and signs bring their language to the fore, and then they can see a basis for saying yes to this, which comes from their commitments rather than asking them to come from your commitments.


And then aside from the left right conflict, I argue that there's a different kind of tribalism gone awry in the racial discrimination and ethnic discrimination there. My thesis is, I would say probably a contrarian for a lot of people, but I argue that the racial discrimination in the workplace today comes not entirely from hostility to the outgroup. In fact, I think that may be a relatively small part of it. I think it comes from benevolence or favoritism towards the ingroup. Yeah. Preservation of the ingroup Perhaps. Right. Part of the hero instinct is that we are wired to contribute to our clan. We are wired to contribute not to all humankind, but to our community.


Whoever's doling up the status really Exactly the relevant status. And so we have lots of mechanisms of hiring and promotion in organizations where I'm a manager and I'm making a subjective judgment about is your high school experience leading the motorcycle club? Is that a leadership experience or is that something I should be worried about? Whatever it would be any anybody's case. So I have to make these subjective judgements. I also make a lot of judgements about whether to give you the benefit of the doubt, whether to give you a little more time than was allotted for the interview. and I think we impulsively give these kinds of things to people who look like us or who have last names similar to us that is in group favoritism and I think that's a stronger force.


And what's really problematic is that HR departments have adopted procedures in the last couple of decades that turbocharge in group favoritism. So one of them is hiring for cultural fit. The idea is the corporate culture is important. So when we're looking to see who to hire of all these college students, if you see people that you think would fit in well with the current partners in terms of their extracurricular interests, give them an extra star. you know, there are anthropologists who go into corporations and one of them, a woman Rivera from Northwestern, has written a great book where she kind of was a fly on the wall in blue chip law firms and blue chip consulting firms and blue chip banks, the same organizations that had restrictions on who could work there generations ago.


What she observed is that they placed an inordinate emphasis on the high school and college extracurricular activities of the people they're hiring. And they say things like, oh, well, with her squash background and DAXs crew experience, we can imagine them being a really good team on the trading floor and the sports that they seem to harp on just happen to be these like waspy sports. Yeah. That only exist in elite suburbs. Elite suburbs today are demographically diverse, but they're still class-wise. you know, it's a particular way of living that hiring for cultural fit. It's a permission structure for this kind of in-group favoritism. And then another one is referral systems. So companies now, if you're applying to be a manager, if you just apply externally, you have one 10th the chance of being hired compared to if you are referred by one of the employees of the organization.


And the way the referral systems work is if the employee refers someone who gets hired, they get a financial incentive. Right. And they also get a friend coming into the organization. Yeah. Win-win. And so companies have learned that referral hires come on board more quickly, stay longer, lots of good things in terms of efficiency. But guess what? They're not diverse. Yeah. They tend to look like the current employees. But some companies have tweaked the referral system where it's still a referral system. Like you're asked, do you know anyone in your work life or social life who might be a good fit for our new head of hr? And we're looking for people who are either veterans, L-G-B-T-Q, neurodiverse or from an underrepresented minority.


Well it turns out you're just as good at coming up with 20 people. They're not the 20 people that you would've come up with. Yeah. If you didn't have that target. But you can come up with the 20 people and all of the same advantages happen. Ah. You feel commitment. They have a friend, they can learn from you. So they have someone to show them the ropes and they tend to work out and stay longer. So just by becoming aware of in-group favoritism as a big part of the problem, you can start to see that some of these innocent procedures are making it way worse. And there are limitations in how well you can measure racial animus. Right. Because people don't wanna admit to it. Yeah. It's a hard thing to get a real answer out of, But all the indicators that do exist suggest that it still exists, but it's a small set of people and it's not, for the most part, the people who are in power, it's the disenfranchised people.


But discrimination is still really, really widespread. It's not happening from hostility, it's happening from, you know, like if I see the name Jamal Jefferson versus Paul Smith, it's not necessarily that I feel hostility at Jamal Jefferson. I might feel a little warm glow at Paul Smith. Familiarity. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Or some affinity. Right? So there's reason to blind the names in resumes when you're doing hiring. And there are reasons to tweak the referral system. I agree with you quite a bit on that assessment. Obviously there's fucking white nationalists and there's hate groups and that's all true. But I think it's putting a little too much focus on the thing that's not going to move the needle. Well I agree. As a minority, the things that have affected me aren't hatred.


It's not like people hate me, it's just more favoritism toward the hegemonic group. Yeah. So I think that's dead on. Unfortunately, you don't have any controversy here. Maybe some other hosts would. Yeah. Been able to push back really hard on that Oh. yeah. You said it was a little controversial. Oh. yeah. Commercial Because like Google spends a billion dollars a year on its DEI training, and 2% of their technical employees are women and underrepresented minorities. What they're doing, it's not working, is not working. It's not hitting the real problem. There's become a sort of diversity industrial complex now where there's this whole profession of bias trainers and instruments that reveal your hidden prejudice. And most have a shaky scientific basis.


But it's a good bandaid when something bad happens in a corporation. Oh, bring in a bias trainer. It's a sort of ritual obey essence. It often makes things worse. And some data shows that after bias training companies are less likely to promote minorities. And it's thought to come from the fact that people become shy about any interactions across racial lines or gender lines. Because the feeling is I might commit a microaggression and then I might get canceled. They get scared. Yeah. Yeah. Well, this is fascinating. I'm really grateful to hear a somewhat positive take on it. 'cause yeah, it's singularly negative. I perpetuate that quite often. I don't think that our democracy has been destroyed and I don't think civil society is dead.


We just need to understand where the levers are and learn to manage ourselves better. Yeah, I agree. I agree. and I really, really enjoyed getting to talk to you and learn about you and hope everyone checks out Tribal, how the cultural instincts that divide us can help bring us together hopeful. And the finest point I want to put on it is it reads like pop fiction, it reads like Gladwell. It's very fun. You're learning about all of these premises through stories about people and they're all very, very, very entertaining. And you're just kind of picking up the wisdom as you get entertained. So, good job. Thank You. Yeah, Thank You. It's really great. I'm really happy to hear that. Yeah. All right. Be well. Bye.


Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare, You can live out your master chef dreams when you find a professional on Angie to tackle your dream kitchen remodel. Connect with skill professionals to get all your home projects done well inside to outside repairs, to renovations. Get started on the Angie app or visit angie.com today. You can do this when you, Angie, that


Hi there. This is Herme and Permian, if you like that. You're gonna love the fact check Miss Monica. Hello. Hi. I wondered if you were Harem pants. Yeah. I had a feeling you were gonna mention my pants. They're harems, right? Should I stand up? Sorry, Rob. Yeah. Give a stand up. Do a stand up. Do a twirl, do girl, turn to left. Turn to the right, do your thing on the, okay. Oh. yeah, they, they're kind of clownish that's gonna circus vibe. Fun, fashionable, circus vibe. Yep. I got these at a vintage store in Austin. Really? Yeah. How old do we think they are? Ooh. Is there any way to know?


I'm sure there's a way to know. Let's see, what if I typed in what you are My pants And. it could do it. Oh my God. Speaking of, I was with Jess this weekend, or end of last week, and he has a jet GPT on his phone. Okay. And he was like, I wanna name my guy, let's ask him what he wants to be named. So we were like talking to him. Okay. And it. And he speaks in a voice or in text, A voice. He does a like very, in my opinion, human-like voice. Okay. It's kind of like when on sync, when Liz had her AI boyfriend. Right. It's similar to this. Okay. But Jess was saying, I'm with my friend Monica And, we want to give you a name.


Oh, I just said say hello to Monica and he says, hi Monica, I hope you guys are having a great day. What do you think my name should be? Like? He, it immediately can really understand and then turn it into a colloquial back and forth. Sure. And engage you. Yes. And at one point I said, Jess, I I, I wanna talk to you. Ah. And he said, Monica's getting mad that I'm not getting, she's not getting all my attention. And then it laughed. No. Yes. Oh Wow. It knew that was a joke. Yes. That's good. I am really afraid people are going to start turning to it for true compan companion companionship.


I mean, Jess was getting so into it. You, so you're nervous. Jess in particular is Gonna, no, I think a lot of people last week we talked about being won, We Won And like what if during my incident I had, Oh well you needed it. This is great. This is a big philosophical. Yeah. By the way, Yuval, I heard Yuval talking and I think I even brought it up on a previous fact check. He's correct. That he was talking, he was being interviewed by somebody on stage at a live event. And he was saying, if you think about it when you're talking to another human, the other human's just planning their next statement and thinking how what you're saying affects their own ego.


In a sense, this AI thing would be a companion that is actually interested in you and actually wants to soothe you. That's really interesting. If you really think about what you're getting out of communication, what it's doing for you. If what you needed during your incident was comfort And, it gave you comfort and helped you. Why would it matter? The AI is trained to give you what you want. And so that's good in certain circumstances. Like probably a comfort circumstance. Yeah. Ding, ding, ding to our last fact check where we were talking about yes men and only getting confirmation and affirmation and not having anyone challenge you.


I imagine you could set the parameters. No one would do that. Well you would, if that was your fear. And you're like, well don don't want this thing to warp my sense of my own importance and my own blah, blah, blah. You could set parameters, I presume for it. 'cause you'll go like, I think I'm gonna have Twinkies for lunch. Now. A shitty friend would be like, eat 10. Right. But you've also told it your goals in life. Now this goes back to homo de DD Val Harri. Again, you strike, you can give it your goals. Like, I want to be social, I want to exercise, I want to be in daylight. This, you know, you could give it your whole dream list of who you would be. And so you go like, I'm gonna think Roger, I'm thinking about getting some Twinkies.


And he, and he could go or she could go, those would be delicious, Monica. But it would take you off your goal by three days. And Even if you say, I want some light pushback, often in life you don't want pushback. Right. You can set that parameter, but then if you're getting it, if it's a real person, you have to engage. You have to stay there. If it's someone you care about or love, You can go fuck off Roger. Yeah. You can't turn the person off. Yep. Like you can turn your phone off or just say, Ugh, nevermind. Or I'm resetting you to say something I want. Now I totally agree with that. But what would be interesting is because neither of us have been advised by Roger yet.


I haven't. What would be really interesting is if you even get defensive when Roger does it 'cause so much of, I think what our defensiveness is like, I like and value this person and they have opinion about me that's negative And. that scares me. So I wonder if even what might be interesting is if, does it nullify defensiveness? Like if my, my watch tells me you're a, you know, you're a sloth. Well that's rude. I'd Be like, fuck you, you're a watch. Yeah. you know? I don't know. I guess one of my more immediate fears is like, you know what it is, is I probably have a fear that my skills will be nullified. Yeah, of course. I mean this is what the whole strike the AI portion of the strike was about this.


This exact thing. Like, well, if a computer can write a script as well as a human, is that okay? I still stand by. I guess it's okay. I think it needs to be declared. Yeah. and I think I as a person will always be more impressed by a human who can do something interesting. Okay. Now what about this? Could you say to Roger, look at all the sports information and write me a magazine right now. Could you publish this magazine? I think probably. Yeah. And what if it's better and I'm a sports enthusiast, then You'll Buy it.


But why would you buy anything? Couldn't you just tell your own Roger? Well, I want a sports magazine too. Exactly. I'm not sure how this is all gonna work, but we're gonna find out if An AI makes the most beautiful song and the whole world it's like gorgeous sound that I've ever heard. I might listen to that song. Yeah. But I won't never listen to a human song again. and I won't find it as impressive as even a human who maybe is doing 75% of that perfection. Like Magic. Yeah. It's like when I do fast math, it's still kind of impressive. But a calculator can do it really accurately and way faster. Yeah. There's still a room for me to be impressive, even though calculators exist.


Exactly. Yeah. I would, and I would've previously said, before I heard that Metallica yacht rock AI hybrid mashup, I would've assumed I would, there wouldn't be an AI song I'd actually love. Mm. But in truth, I love that song. I probably like it as much as a lot of other songs. The thing that'll be missing is like, it doesn't have what Steely Dan has, which is like even those Steely Dan songs, one of their defining characteristics is their songs are so different. Kinda like The Beatles, none of them over overlap. They're all unique, but by God they're all steely Dan. They have that fingerprint and they have some essential vibe. That is Walter Becker.


Charles Biden is Charles Leiden. Oh, Charles Leiden, our father. Christopher Lighten. Oh fuck. Christopher Lighten. Poor Chris. Man. Man. Oh, we owe him to know it really well. And we're not Doing great. Can't do it. Just can't do it. Chris Leiden, do you have a photo of him you could put up on the tv Rob? Oh Yeah. Yeah. Let's see if we can, We could just have him up. Always. Yeah. As a guy, as our father. Can I tell you about one fun thing between Delta and I? Yeah. So when I drop her off from school, we kind of park And. we walk a block to school. And, we saw someone's virtually their whole wig. It wasn't a whole wig, it was all, it was all extensions. Okay. it was a huge amount of extensions.


Oh boy. And. we had been listening to Don't Stop Till You Get Enough. Come on. And so we were walking down the street, And, we started singing, don't Stop Till You Again Enough. Come on. Till your hair falls out. Leave it on the sidewalk. Come on. Till your hair falls out. That's funny. And it's still there this morning. Oh, that was like a, that was like eight days ago. Oh. And luckily, I think the thing about hair on a sidewalk is no one wants to pick it up. You would need tongs. Is that him? He's like Going on the cover of The Guardian. Well, he deserves it. Oh wow. He invented podcasting. That's Chris Leiden. What? Fuck Thank. You brother, father, God. Thank, You. Dad, Daddy, Dad.


Daddy Dadda. Yeah. We made it gross. Daddy. We so quickly made it so gross. Oh my podcast Daddy. Oh, AI can't do that. I think the only AI can, the only thing left will be like pervy grossness jokes. No. Like that. AI will be, do you think I can understand pervy jokes are on the internet? Yeah. But a vibe like it Laughed at the joke. It knows it Was a good joke. Really good joke. And he laughed. And. it laughed so hard. What did his laugh sound like? Maniacal or, or friendly? It was layered It, it was like, oh, I get, that's a joke. And also like, oh, I feel a little bad for her.


Mm. She, she shouldn't feel like this. She's being replaced by me. She's insecure And I. She has low Zel to me. and I feel it. Yeah. She's probably had an incident recently. Has her on until, what If they asked Monica by chance Did you have an incident recently? Hey, did we ever, 'cause there was a lot of justifiable complaints about the fact check not containing our chimp crazy debrief. Have we done it? Yeah, we did. Okay, great. We didn't do it on Catherine's, But it, but it, we did it. Okay. It, it's, it's to come. Okay. Well, it happened on this by, this is next month. Yeah, it's last, last week. And then Adam month.


Oh, one other thing I wanted to say, and then the comments that made me really happy is someone again asked like, why aren't you in the attic? you know, for me it's like, we're, we're, we're a month into this. Like, you gotta understand Monday's the attic, Wednesdays is the studio. But someone was nice enough just to write and they wrote, you know, at Dak Shepherd, they said, Hey, Dak Shepherd, I'll take this one. Aw, That's Sweet. Here's how the Schedule works. I understand though. I think it's important. I think maybe me and you got too hasty. Like we said it once or twice. And, we felt like we said it all and maybe we Need you think So. Yeah, because there are some podcasts that I listened to that do say the sa like they say updates, right? Like for a year.


The same update to tell people. Yeah. And, we haven't done that, but maybe we should. Okay. So let's, Yeah. I just think the baseline armchair is so smart. I really do believe that they Are. But also we have new people. We hope, I think the bigger issue, which is very fair, is there's ma many people don't listen to every episode. So it's like, yeah, we did it for two or three episodes, And, we're like, yeah, we're good. Yeah. But it's very common for someone to have missed three episodes. Then they, they listen. They're like, what's happening now? Okay, let me tell people about our show. Okay. Okay. So we have a show called Armchair Expert with Dak Shepherd. Is it about the messiness of being human? It Is And.


It's about incidents. What's Our, the incidents of being human. It's about human incidents. It is Actually. And what's our schedule? Okay. So our schedule is, we have three episodes for you a week. Yeah. That's, oh my God, that's a great offering. I Know. How much does it cost? It's free. My, Oh my God. Okay. Wow. You got me on the hook. And Where, where can you listen And where, where can you listen to this? You can listen anywhere. You get your podcast anywhere. That Means, hold on. Could I listen on Apple Podcasts? Yes, you can. Could I listen on Wondery? Absolutely. How about Stitcher? I think Spotify, Yes. Okay, Great. Yes, you can, you can listen anywhere you get your podcast.


And look, if you are like, I don't get my podcast, don, don't know what that means. Then on your phone, if you have an iPhone, you do have a Apple Podcast icon. It's purple Came preloaded, Came preloaded. So you do have it. And then you could search in apps for the Wondery app or the Spotify app app or the Stitcher app. Or the iHeartRadio app. I'm assuming all these people have apps. I'm not Sure. I think so. We Release an episode on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Monday is a celebrity interview. Okay. It's Dax and Monica talking to a celebrity friend. And we're really interested in incidents and the messiness of being human. Yeah. And vulnerabilities. And we're not really interested in people's high highs.


We like addiction, we like poop. And then Are those audio or video? Okay. Great question. Thank You for asking It is audio only. Yeah. However you can watch it on YouTube. You won't see us The conversation. You won't see the conversation. But there'll be some visuals. But the fact check, which happens at the end of each episode, the end of, I'm sorry, the end of Monday and Wednesday's episode to fact check. Yeah. This is confusing. and I can understand why people are upset. Me too. Okay. So that's just Dax and Monica and they're checking the facts from the pre, from the episode because everyone makes a lot of claims that need substantiation.


Right. But also the fact check more than facts is just Axon really catching up on their thoughts and ideas. Opinions. Sometimes they fight, sometimes they cry. Yeah. And sometimes they laugh. Yeah. And the fact check is always on video now. Interesting. Yes. Okay. But if you don't like video, you don't have to watch it. hold On. I remember. You can listen completely. I Remember an episode, I even want to say it was Bobby Lee, where Dax made a huge stink about that he would never do video. Oh. Because it would ruin the integrity of the vulnerability. Sure. So he's a liar and he is a hypocrite. And he sold out for money.


Well, I think it's not very nice of you to speak that way about my friend. First of all, we are keeping the integrity of our celebrity guests. That's why on Monday there is no video. Right. Because We do wanna keep that intimacy and make people feel very comfortable and feel vulnerable. Not point cameras at them. we Don't want cameras, we don't want them to feel like they have to put on makeup. Yeah. Any of that. So that is why we are not doing video on Monday. But let me talk about Wednesday. Oh, I can't wait to hear. Wednesday is when we have an expert on, we have professors, we have mathematician.


So like knowledge driven, not vulnerability driven. Exactly. Although sometimes vulnerability seeps its way in there. Sure, sure, sure. And so those are really, really fun. We don't feel that that needs as much preservation of intimacy because as you said, it's more knowledge based and less vulnerability. Yeah. So we thought it would be nice for people if, if they so choose to see our faces and see an interaction. A lot of people really enjoy YouTube then they have that. I've, I've heard there's a whole demographic of people more than there are even on podcasts that they're on YouTube And. That's where they're gonna stay forever. They're not gonna go to a platform. So this seems like a good idea if you want to bring this knowledge to people who don't, who only consume on YouTube.


It's a great idea for that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And if you want to see the fact check and see Dax and Monica chitchat and cry and laugh and fight. Recount their day. Yes. That you can watch that. Or you don't have to watch anything. You can just listen as you've always been listening. Oh, great. On any of the platforms. And that's our show. Oh. And then we Fridays. Okay. Fridays, what happens Fridays? So we have Armchair Anonymous. That's a really fun show that We do with our listeners. And how that works is we put out prompts at the beginning of each month. Oh, fun. It's tell us about a time you broke a bone.


Tell us about a time you had an unauthorized evacuation. Ooh, That's my up my alley. Yeah. Tell us about a time you were on the news. Like we'll put out a prompt four prompts. Yeah. And people can go to our website, armchair expert pod.com and you can submit your story. Yeah. And if you get chosen, then we chat with you for about 15 minutes and you tell us your story and then we post That. Well, you know, this seems to answer a question. I read a lot in the comments. Why don't you interview a normal person? Oh, Well We do. So Friday, I think it sounds like you interview four normal people every Friday. And I think we're not interested in calling people normal on this show post.


No, they're, This is what I, they're saying in the comments. I know. I'm telling them Okay. That we, we don't really use that word. Okay. It's not very No, no one's normal. Right. Well, yeah. Okay. No one's normal. We're all Special. We're all special unicorns. Just like everyone else though. That's the normalizing part. That's Right. Yeah. Well, I can see people. That's Our show people. That's confusing. That took 20 minutes. Yeah. And when I hear it laid out, it is very confusing. I can Conceive that. So now you have some compassion, But don don't know what else to do. I think we're gonna have to do this every week Episode. Every single episode. Episode, Episode, episode. Yeah. Okay. I think people will probably stop listening. Well, it's kinda like we're teachers in a classroom and you gotta account for you. Like you wanna move on to long division.


Yeah. The people are still struggling with the multiplication. Do You think the teachers should move on for those advanced kids? Or should they, should they wait until everyone understands? Well, That's the struggle. I guess you're trying to balance that. 'cause you don't wanna lose the smart kids and gonna 'em bored and start, they start doing drugs in the hallway or whatever. Yeah. It's tough. But when you think about it now I'm being sincere. Yeah. Well it's impossible. You're like, you're aiming at the average And. we know about the fallacy of the average. You're probably excluding more people than if you would just pick one side or the other. Right. But I guess that's why it's good. It's if schools have programs for children who are a little bit above average and children who need a little extra help.


Yes. So there's other time Yeah. For both of those groups. Yeah. And then you get into, there's only so many Resources, I know. Yeah. Yeah. It does. Like when you really think about it and, and you're generous. Like we're also critical of school. Like either they test bad or this or that. It's not an easy job to execute. No. You have 30 kids and they're all different levels. Yeah. It's really hard. Yeah. But when ai, ai, that is one of the Things, this is one of the few things I argued with Bill about Bill about, which was a weird argument. You couldn't, you couldn't, yeah. You couldn't see my point. I really could not. 'cause I, yeah.


I, I'm coming from such a specific dyslexic place. I Know. Which to me means I, I would've thought you would be extra on onboard. Well tell people, when we were in India with Bill Gates, we'd sat in on some meetings and I we're not really supposed to talk too much about the details, but there was like a presentation of an app that would help students. Because in India there are so many languages. Yeah. And so That's what it was. it was the technique that was dis that was explained. I was like, well that wouldn't work for dyslexic. Sure. So I think that's what I got hung up on. But, but probably there's versions that they would develop that would work for a dyslexic. Yeah. But just what it scared me about was like normalizing some learning strategy.


'cause like, the AI's gonna go with the probabilistic route. Well, 98% of kids would learn good if you did it this way. And then it's not gonna do an un probabilistic result. Although you could type in, I suppose, how to dys dyslexics best one. Exactly. And then use the probabilistic Thing. Yeah. I mean I think it's actually, I think it's fairly easy. It probably, when you first start the app, you take a test And, That Would be good. And. it shows. So it learns how you learn. Yeah. This kid's fucked up in this quadrant, in This domain. And so then it it, you put your homework into these things. And, it helps you learn in that way. Did I tell you about the, like I, I had some testing when I was a kid, but it wasn't terribly comprehensive.


But then I did it at UCLA to, to get extra. Well, actually, so that I, I didn't have to spell correctly on tests. Oh. Yeah. That was a long, that was like eight weeks of testing. I had to go once a week. And you do so many cognitive tests and what they're looking for. And what was so apparent on mine is you have all these columns and what they're looking for is like some baseline and then a complete Trough. Yeah. And I had that. Yeah. You had it in spelling. Yeah. And I'm gonna brag. I even set a couple of records In the Drop. I did. Yeah. I did. Like my pattern recognition column was the best they had ever tested.


Really? And then I had a column that was among the lowest they ever tested. Whoa. That's interesting. The dyslexic part. Yeah. And so it's very Addict of you. It is. It's very in keeping with my overall it's personality. Real high, high, high Highs of low lows. Lows. But It's comforting though. Yeah. I'm sure. For me, Yeah. That would be comforting for me too. But also, if your pattern recognition is so good, why did you stop playing connections? Maybe because my pattern rec. No, 'cause you, yeah. I wasn't that great at it. You Were good. You were really good. But you weren't perfect. I wasn't perfect. I think you should, you know what?


Maybe get back into it because you and Callie dropped off at the same time and now it's over. and I hate. I like, I'm sorry. I'm mad about it. I did play it a couple times recently. 'cause now the girls will ask me to open it up. Mm. Oh my God. I took a picture of it. Does this happen to you All the time? I got Wordle. I don't play Wordle. Yeah. But I got it on the second gas. I always screen grab it. If I get it on the Second, I, I screen grabbed it. The girls were, they thought their dad was like a, a god from Mount Olympus. That is luck. It's funny. It is And. it isn't like for anyone who plays Wordle or doesn't. You start and you, you can write a word that has five letters in it and then it'll tell you which one is a, the right letter and in the right place.


And then it's got another color that says that letter is in this, but it's in the wrong place. And so when you first see that, you go, this is impossible. But then really, it's crazy how Patronistic writing is. It's like if there's an A as the third letter, it really limits it pretty quickly. Or there, there was an I and I was like, I are hard to put in that four. You generally gonna have an A before that. And then you start, you know, like I mainly chalk it up to luck. Luck. If it's a two, if it's a three I, I start adding in skill. I start giving myself a little credit for skill. Oh, Okay. And then from then on it is definitely like, it's a what?


What letters could go here in the English language anyways. The girls are asking me when we're bored. In fact, we were waiting for our in and out order And. we knew there was like 30 numbers before ours. And so they were like, let's play connections. Yeah. We played that. And then it was, well let's play Wordle. Nice. They're all prompted by them. That's, that's great. It's pretty fun with them because I like to hear 'em think out loud. Okay. So today I didn't do that. Great. I got it on four. Which is not very good. Yeah. That's pretty shitty. Well, that's teasing. don don't really know what's good. Well my first word was crane and I only had one letter that was yellow. Oh, what letter?


E. Okay. We can work with that. So it's not gonna be at the end. Yeah. That's what we know. That's the only thing we know. It's Gonna be in the second or third spot. Correct. Yeah. And that you got rid of some good consonants. Actually, sorry, not correct, but that is what I did. Oh, what was the word? Modem? Oh. yeah. They fucked you. Well, no. So I did crane, then I did smelt and then Wild, I mean, And then I did moped really close. it was close. I had three in the correct place and one in the incorrect. So then it was clear to me that it was modem.


Okay. This is fun. Good job. it Was really fun. This Just a fun fact. Okay, let's do a little, a couple facts. Let's do some work. Okay. This is for Michael. Morris. Mm. Tribal loved it. Very interesting. Fascinating topic. Okay. Dirty Dancing was filmed in multiple locations in North Carolina and Virginia, including Mountain Lake Lodge, Which is on Lake Lure. Mountain Lake Lodge. Lake Lure Grove. Park Inn. I love Grove Park Inn. Where's that? Georgia. Asheville. Oh, it's in Asheville. Yeah. It's the, it's the fancy hotel there. Oh? yeah. More than The Bilt. I always wanted to stay there More than the Biltmore. You can't stay at the Biltmore. Oh, they don't have a hotel at this point.


It's Should Grove is like that is the fancy, the Historic Hotel. Oh. And Esmeralda in Replicating the Catskills. Yeah. You said Ann Arbor is tiny. Ann Arbor is 28.7 square miles and it's 119,875 population. But what's the total enrollment at U of M? Oh, I bet it's in the 50 plus. That's a big ass school. Okay. 51,000. So We gotta lob that off. Right. Well why they live there. I think of a town with 60,000 people who own homes and permanent residence As small.


Yeah. It's kind of a small, considering how many people know the, the, the, the town Ann Arbor. Sure. Versus, and it's not our state capital. Most towns of 60,000 people know the names. Yeah. But I think we know the name 'cause of the college. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


I forgot something to say about our show. Oh, more confusion. If You like our show so much. Yeah. That you want it a week early. You do have that option. Oh, you Do? Yes. On Wondery Plus. Oh, okay. Great. So you go to Wondery Plus and you can pay to get our episodes a week early. Do they still have the ads in? Because if I'm paying, don don't want to hear ads. There are no ads. It's ad Free. Oh. That's what would get me there a week early. don don't know. But Ad Free, that'd be for me. Ad free. And also you can get three months for free to try out Wondery Plus to see if you like it. How do you get that? You Go to armchair expert pod.com. I think you go to Wondery Plus and you can click Armchair Expert and then you can figure it out.


Okay. Yams versus Sweet Potatoes. They are different. Wow. I'm glad I kept my mouth shut. 'cause when he said that, I thought, no, they're the same thing, but I'm not gonna say anything. Yes, Sweet potatoes are in the morning Glory family while yams belong to the Lily family. Oh Wow. So people, there's a lot of people who have Morning Glory allergies. Oh, tomatoes being am along egg. Oh, I thought that was night Eggplant. Oh, you're right. Oh, okay. Nights shades. I don't know if anyone's allergic to I. don Dunno about morning glories. Morning glory. Okay. Yams aren't as sweet as sweet potatoes. And they're starcher and drier. Their texture and flavor are more similar to potatoes or yucca. Oh, Okay. Yams have a rough woody texture. While sweet potatoes have a smoother creamier texture.


I like a sweet potato Yams have an earthy, neutral taste while sweet potatoes have a sweet, spicy flavor. Hmm. Oh, this is yams must be cooked before eating because they're toxic when eaten raw. Oh, Good tip. Very good tip. They're Probably inedible raw though. They're probably super hard like a potato. I'm try like you would never eat a potato raw. Oh my God. Do you think that's what caused my incident? Do you think? Maybe. I ate some raw potato raw yam, Speaking of which I just recently found out. I just stumbled upon two different articles independently talking about how dangerous rice keeping rice is for a long time. Oh really? I guess it's really susceptible to a certain mold. you know, I eat fucking rice that's three weeks old.


I got a new, when I'm really on, it's gonna sound gross to people, but I urge them to try it. It's elk, egg whites, and a ton of feta cheese. Doesn't that sound horrible? It, it doesn't sound like sounds Bady Gamey. Gamey. Oh my God. It sounds, It's probably, it's So disgusting. Even when I'm saying it like, Kristen's like, what are you eating? And I'm like, it's elk, egg whites and feta. And as I was saying, I was like, that sounds like the worst dish possible. Yeah. And oh my God, is it good? and I take a gluten-free tortilla. I took some chicken wire and I made a little tube out of the chicken wire. I put it in the air fryer and I make a taco shell out of the tortilla that is gluten-free and high-end fiber and I cram it full of egg whites, elk and feta and girl, You love It.


Oh, is it tasty? I was like, I could open up a restaurant and serve these. Of course I'd have to lie about what's in it. 'cause no one would see that list and think it was good. No, they wouldn't. But if you're daring and you're in the audience and you figured out our listening schedule, I really urge you to try it. Here's the thing to remember though. For real. You can do everything. Just audio as it was. Like that's still available. The original thing is still there. I want, I do wanna reiterate that Also. It's a mess. And that's what we're saying. it was a mess that you Yeah, the show's no mess. It's not a mess. It's just there's added stuff. And the added stuff is, It's only a mess if you're trying to get all the new bells and whistles. Exactly. Yeah. But you should. Yeah, but you should.


Absolutely. Now I have a apology to make to Arizona State. Okay. I've been critical of Arizona State. Yeah. And Rhode Island. I'm not apologizing about that. Okay, great. I've been a little, it's a tough people. I've been a little critical about Arizona State, mainly because of their amusement park that they have at the university. Meaning The Lazy River. Lazy river. Yeah. Yeah. It's just fun to sort of make fun of it. Yeah. Yeah. I don't actually have any problems with it. Also, what could be cooler than A lazy river I know? I'm just jealous. Yeah, I'm jealous too. I wish used CI if I could have got in my lazy river and taken it to another class across campus.


Can You imagine though, the germs, all these college kids with bunch of STIs. It's Successful. Yeah. The chlorine level's gotta be pretty high in that thing. Yeah. So Michael brought up Robert Boyd. He, he said he is A-U-C-L-A anthropology professor And, that he's really awesome that he would win a Nobel Prize if there was that for anthropology. But Robert Boyd is also affiliated with Arizona State. Goes to Sun Devils Bef I think currently he's there. He was at Duke Emery.


Ding, ding ding. Boston. No, Emery's in Atlanta. Oops. I'll you of While you really don't know where colleges are. This is Interesting. I'm thinking of Emerson. Oh, okay. And the University of California Los Angeles. Okay. All right. So he's at a U now. And that, that's impressive. That's impressive. Yeah. So take, take, take his class If, yeah, if you're at, if you're at Arizona State, once you get off your little lazy, you're lazy River. Listen, you're listening to us. As you float down the lazy river, hop Off that river. Get in an STI screen. You get screened for those, And then take his class. Robert Boyd. Okay, I have one more fact. Okay. Barristers wear wigs. Oh, yes. Yes. Okay. I thought there was a lice thing about it.


I know. You thought there was lice. I'm not finding that. But it started in the 16 hundreds. Before that, they just had to have neatly trimmed hair and beards. Hmm. Then in the 16 hundreds originating in Europe, wigs became a popular fashion item in the UK. During the reign of King Charles ii, especially among the upper class and aristocracy of the time, the wig was seen as a symbol of authority and lawyers would wear their wigs in the courtroom as well as outside of it to show their status and power. Despite evidence suggesting some lawyers were hesitant to wear the wigs by the end of King Charles II's, reign wigs were fully accepted by judges a century or so later, the popularity of the wig waned.


However, their tradition to wear wigs within the legal profession remained and became a formal requirement. Wigs are still commonplace in the courtroom, almost thought of as a uniform to maintain the long tradition and formality of the legal system. However, the wigs have undergone some changes. Originally, the wigs worn in courtrooms were fully bottomed, which would typically extend down past the neck at the back and sides and sit over the shoulders. Now the full bottom wig is only used as ceremonial dress. The wigs most often seen today are bob style wigs with much shorter sides all around and featuring a tail at the back. Guys. Oh man. I mean, of all the different ways that we've tried to elevate ourselves this, I mean, that is the, the aliens watching Matt I know that's men wearing long flowing hair wigs And women, everyone has to wear It.


Well, there was no women in the court. Well, now I'm saying that. Oh, now also it says in 2007, a change in the rules meant barristers no longer needed to wear a wig during civil and family law court. Thank God there's some fucking heartbroken child talking about the divorce of their parents and some abuse And. we got a guy in a fucking powdered wig with a ponytail that's like insulting. They're also, I'm so sorry. Can you remove this fucking Halloween wig you're wearing? They're also no longer required in the UK Supreme Court. However, wigs are still a requirement for criminal trials in the uk. And whilst the requirement of Wigs isn't true, sir, then on the night of, I'm so sorry, I will answer this question, but why are you in costume?


Whilst the requirement of wigs in the courtroom seems to be in decline around the world, many law practitioners in the UK still take pride in wearing them. Do you think like a big moment, you know, like getting your varsity jacket? Yeah. Letter. Do you think like you pass the bar in England, you go get fitted for your powdered wig? Probably. Probably. And you know what? Sure. I'm not trying to shame you if you have a hair system or a hairpiece. That's it. Okay. Well, I love Michael Morris. Me too. And, We learned a lot. and I Love you. and I Love you And I love Robbie. I love and I love the arm series Py and I. Love you guys for sticking with this very complicated show. All right. I love you. All right.


I Love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


In a quiet suburb, a community is shattered by the death of beloved wife and mother. But this tragic loss of life quickly turns into something even darker. Her husband had tried to hire a hitman on the dark web to kill her, and she wasn't the only target because buried in the depth of the internet is the Killes. A cache of chilling documents, containing names, photos, addresses, and specific instructions for people's murders. This podcast is the true story of how I ended up in a race against time to warn those who lives were in danger. And, it turns out convincing. A total stranger someone wants them dead is not easy. Follow kill list on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts, you can listen to Kill List and more Exhibit C, true crime shows like Morbid early and ad free right now by joining Wonder Plus, check out exhibit C in the Wondery App for all your true crime listening.